 


Who says sweatshirts can't be feminine? "This pullover" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/belted-pullover-022019?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190225-BlockPartyCollection-111A with the color accent bands is fresh and feminine to catch the eye. Pair it with narrow stirrup trousers for a touch of 80s inspiration.



Why use only one fabric for a dress? You can see the chance here to give an accent on the sleeves is sure to make a style statement. "This wrap dress" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/wrap-dress-022019?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190225-BlockPartyCollection-117 gives you the chance to accent at the lower sleeve with a fun and bold color for an extra "wow" effect.



True fashion leaders love the combination of naked legs and long sleeve shirts. With that in mind, "these shorts" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/stretch-shorts-022019?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190225-BlockPartyCollection-113 worn with a sweater and a bold color shawl is the dream statement trend.   



A "pair of grey track trousers" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/wide-leg-sweatpants-022019?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190225-BlockPartyCollection-112 is one of the basic wardrobe pieces for every woman. Of course, they lend themselves perfectly well to a day of leisure on the sofa. We pepped our combination here with pumps, a statement shirt and an eye-catching jacket for a great street style. It would be a shame for so much style not to be seen...



Dad sneakers pair with "this super sweatshirt" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/sweatshirt-022019?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190225-BlockPartyCollection-111B and its sophisticated belt for a look that works for more than just jeans. Cool skirts shift toward sporty with this top, too. The full look can work with a pair of pumps, though chunky sneakers are the ultra-modern twist. 



For the on-trend athleisure style, "this nylon jacket" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/nylon-jacket-022019?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190225-BlockPartyCollection-110 is mandatory. If you want the look to lean away from totally sporty, combine it as we have here with a striking zipped neck shirt and a pair of elegant cropped trousers. 



A look guaranteed to turn heads. "This two-color shirt" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/two-tone-shirt-022019?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190225-BlockPartyCollection-109 gets paired with bold narrow fit trousers that include yellow and orange side stripes, a pair of tipped white boots and a blue sweatshirt jacket combination. This look is 100% positive vibes!



Add a bit of swing to your blouse style with "this look" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/bateau-neckline-shirt-022019?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190225-BlockPartyCollection-108B. Featuring a bateau neckline and cropped sleeves, it is wonderfully paired with bold and bright skirts and some white ankle boots – one of THE shoe trends of the moment.

"Make all these sporty styles with the discounted pattern collection bundle here!" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/block-party-8-sporty-new-styles?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190225-BlockPartyCollection-Bundle\";Meghan Healy"            

        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 


We're in love! Why? Because "this blouse"in the stripe print is a fashionable choice no matter where you wear it. The classic menswear style with the button placket, collar and cuffs works overtime. The skirt is found on the next page.



Oh là là – this outfit is simply très chic. "A Breton shirt" is as much a part of the laid-back French style as the  beret, modest make-up and nonchalance. Chapeau!



It would be hard to find anything better than the sheath dress for pure elegance. Tempered and sophisticated when sewn in a black jersey, there is nothing better to beautifully shape the feminine silhouette. "This style" with 7/8-sleeves also catches the eye with fastidious darts at the neckline.



"A trench coat" is a clothing basic for a lifelong style that never fails. The original, presented by Thomas Burberry, included flaps at the shoulder and buttons. Our version is more feminine and closes with a tying belt.



"Trousers with a side seam stripe" are not only a hot trend. The stripe gives a visual stretch of the leg for extra height as well as lending the elegant trousers a sporty touch and a modern nod. The flexible style is equally great with a blouse as with a pullover or a blazer.



"This is a must-have"for every business wardrobe. Shoes make the difference for this style to change it up: flats for everyday and heels for evening or more formal events.



The gathering at the waist has a stunning hourglass shaping effect for "this unadorned shirt dress" . The full length button placket elongates the look and the knee-skimming hem makes it a dress for every day. 
 

        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 
Images: © Mirjam Fruscella & © Jan Schmiedel

MATERIALS:
+ Waffle weave fabric 40 cm x 100 cm
+ Small piece of white cotton (for the eyes)
+ Cotton cord 80 cm
+ 5 Wood beads
+ Hand sewing needle
+ Embroidery thread in black and white
+ Fabric marker
+ Vliesofix
+ Template



Step 1: As pictured above, fold the fabric so that the right side of the fabric is together. Pin the pattern pieces on the fabric and transfer shapes to the fabric with a pencil, a magic pen or a tailor's chalk. Draw with tailor's chalk around 1 cm seam allowance. Cut out the pieces on this line. Cut another piece of whale so that you finally have 4 pieces of the whale.

Step 2: Fuse Vliesofix on the wrong side of the fabric. Draw the eye 2 times to the backing paper from the Vliesofix and cut out the eyes.



Step 3: Remove the backing paper from the Vliesofix. Iron on 2 equal parts of the whale, one eye each. Apply the eyes by embroidering with white 2-ply embroidery and a long-line stitch. Stitch a pupil in the eye with black yarn and flat stitches.

Step 4: Place the whale parts with eye on the whale parts without eye right sides together and pin. Stitch the pieces along the marked line with the sewing machine. Use a short straight stitch for this, so you can re-quilt the shape better for the edges with curves. Remember that you leave about 6 cm of seam at the back to turn around. Backstitch at the seam ends.



Step 5: Cut the seam allowances all the way back to a 7 mm width so that the corners and fin tips can be shaped nicely. You should cut in the seam allowances at the corners until just before the seam line, at the fin tips you cut off the seam allowances at an angle.

Step 6: Turn the piece to the right side through the seam opening. To make the fins nice, you can use a pencil or a thick knitting needle as an aid. Iron the edges. Close the turn-around opening with hand stitches.



Step 7: Transfer the markings with a fabric marker to the outside of the whales. Stitch together between the markings with a narrow stitch on the sewing machine.

Step 8: Lay the parts on top of each other so that the eyes are on the outside. Pin the edges together with the markings on each other. Stitch together with the sewing machine and backstitch at the seam ends.



Step 9: Thread the wooden beads on the cord. You can wrap the cord end firmly with adhesive tape. Pinch the ends of the cord around the seams at the ends of the side edge for about 5 cm. Hand stitch in the cord ends.

FINISHED! Makes a fabulous baby shower gift too.
 

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 


+ Wool fabric
+ Cotton fabric
+ Leather
+ Fusible web (Vilene/Pellon)
+ Zipper, 25 cm (10")
+ Pencil
+ Metallic thread & regular thread
+ Beads 
+ Scissors
+ Straight pins
+ Sewing needle
+ Ruler, thimble
+ Stufﬁng material
+ Pattern pieces



Step 1: Cut fabric pieces: Solid circle: 2x from wool fabric, 2x from cotton fabric, 2x from fusible web; piece with hole: 1x from wool fabric; icing (smooth or wavy as desired): 1x from leather 

Step 2: Iron each circle of cotton fabric to a circle of wool fabric, with the help of fusible web. Iron fusible web to the wrong side of the leather icing piece, then iron this piece to the circle with the hole. 



Step 3: With metallic thread, sew the edges of the leather icing piece in place by hand or machine (e.g. with closely spaced zig-zag stitch). We decided to sew buttonhole stitches by hand. 

Step 4: Decorate the icing with beads. To do this, sew individual beads in place by hand, always knotting the thread securely. 



Step 5: Now pin the piece with the icing to the wool side of one of the solid circles. Zig-zag stitch along the edge of the inner circle.

Step 6: Lay stuffing between the layers of the ring, pushing the stuffing firmly toward the centre so that the edge remains free of stuffing. Pin the outer edges closed. 



Step 7: Stitch the outer edges together, stitching 0.5 cm (3/16") from the edge. Spread the stuffing evenly between the layers. 

Step 8: Now stitch the zipper in place. First stitch it to the upper section (with the icing) and then to the bottom circle.



Step 9: Pin the circles together, right sides facing. Stitch 1 cm (3/8") from the edge, all around. Attention: Leave the zipper open, to be able to turn the case right side out.

Step 10: Finally, hand sew the edges of the zipper tapes to the inner side. 


FINISHED! Fill these yummy pouches with all your favorite pens and pencils to bring to your school or office. Can also be used as small travel cosmetic bags!            

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 


An updated style flash is just as great shown here as with a basic blouse and pumps. "These trousers" feature a straight line cut, XL patch pockets and a striped belt. 




A notch above the rest with "this dress"  featuring wing sleeves and neckline bands full of swing, and whose cascade is emphasized additionally by the vichy crêpe.



Fashion romantics will love "this blouse"A sewn in a delicate floral print cotton. The moderate puff sleeves are closed with wide cuffs and fabric covered buttons.



The relaxed cut of "this shirt"  makes it extra comfortable while also covering small problem zones – an elastic smocking at the sleeve hems and gathering at the waist keeps everything in beautiful proportion.



An extra swing thanks to the godets for "this knee-covering skirt" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/godet-swing-skirt-082019?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190819-FlowerGirlCollection-116 with the extra-narrow waistband.



Super quick to sew and it works as a sexy top as easily as a slip top. "The style"is sewn with a luxurious satin and finished with a nostalgic lace trim.



An elegant lapel collar and a cool band: "This style" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/button-up-blazer-082019?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190819-FlowerGirlCollection-106 is sewn with a jacquard in a watercolor effect and is a successful mix of the blazer and a denim jacket look. The extra detail: fabric covered buttons.



        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 


"This long blouse" sewn with a brilliant white poplin is simply perfect. Timeless classic details like the turn-down collar and a covered button placket are background to pleats along the bodice that add dimension on top and a lovely roomy cascade on bottom.



"This look"  shapes the figure and is also comfortable. The lower hem ends at an Italian length. Because it is lined, hosiery can easily be worn underneath. A cool detail: Fabric bands are sewn in as flounces near the sleeve ends.



The sporty and elegant trend really comes through with "this jacket" :sewn in a glamorous satin. The waistline casing gives a touch of accent along the fabric, while the relaxed cut makes it a sleek choice to wear over evening outfits for fuss-free wear.



How do you make a T-shirt ultra-feminine? Just like "this style"  with a sophisticated drape element! Extra asymmetric panels for the front and back are secured at the top and side and include some accent pleats.



Style and comfort don't need to be opposites. "These leisure bottoms" : include a “skirt panel” that can be adjusted to gather on the sides so you can choose how you wear it.



"This long blouse style" with the mini pleats and classic cuff sleeves cascades along the figure with a soft drape. Also, the cut works beautifully as a shirt dress – simply lengthen it by as much as you would like.



Here is the cool alternative to the business blazer. "This lined parka"features large patch pockets and gets some feminine shaping from the casings at the waist and at the sleeve hems. Sew it now and be ready for spring! 



        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 


Celebrate in a "pencil skirt"  Absolutely – if it is as glamorous as this one. The asymmetric knotted detail adds a subtle shaping accent for the Lurex jacquard and the narrow cut shapes a sexy figure. 



Perfect for winter parties! "This long sleeve shirt"  is sewn with a midnight blue sequined velvet fabric. An elastic casing at the waist adds definition – though styling it additionally with a belt is a great option for a beautiful accent.



This is the one to get you dancing through the night. "This dress" : is sewn with an elegant and sophisticated silk jersey that is a stunning look – and most importantly, comfortable. Seamless undergarments worn underneath let the smooth finish sparkle flawlessly.



A great last-minute choice! "This coated jersey shirt" : includes a bateau neckline and deeply set sleeves. A casual asymmetric cut drapes itself to shape beautifully and naturally.



"A trouser"  that succeeds in the magic look that gives the impression of super-long legs - and sewn in a bordeaux red satin. Zippers at the hems give playful silhouette accents and an invisible side zipper ensures that the fit is close along the hips. 



"This lingerie top"  with inlaid pleats in the bodice is extra dramatic. Sew it in the same silk fabric and combine it with any trousers for a jumpsuit style that stands out.



"This loosely fitted blouse"with raglan sleeves is one for many occasions, both day and night. The style works beautifully as well with jeans or paired with a two-piece business suit for the office.



The elastic casings on "these attention-grab-bing silk trousers" :give you flexibility to wear the look lower on the hips or at the waist, for maximum comfort. Also, you can easily adapt this hip pocket style quickly into a jumpsuit look by sewing a matching top!



"This sequin blazer" with satin lapels and classic flap pockets brings a Studio 54 bling to every party. Relax the style by wearing it with worn-in denim and cool sneakers or a pair of pointed pumps.


            

        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 


left: Sally Lapointe (Photo by Victor VIRGILE/Gamma-Rapho via Getty Images); right: Noon by Noor (Photo by Lev Radin/Pacific Press/LightRocket via Getty Images)

Granted, the waistcoat hasn’t been necessarily one of the must-have fashionista wardrobe choices for quite some time. Things like difficulties combining them in an outfit, too formal, too warm or even too breezy come to mind. That was the past. Thanks to the refreshed appeal by young designers, the runway is brimming with breath-taking outfits transformed with simply a touch of the style trend. Interestingly, no one reinvented the waistcoat – silhouettes and fabrics are primarily still in the classic look. 


left: Antonio Marras (Photo by Victor VIRGILE/Gamma-Rapho via Getty Images); right: Balmain (Photo by Victor Boyko/Getty Images)

The real appeal comes more from the edge thinking that anything is possible. Hoodies with waistcoats create a super cool style break (Noon by Noor), clean out-fits with roll necks/blouses and trousers get a new layering effect when worn with a long waistcoat, and the nearly perfect dichotomy of an absolutely feminine dress wrapped with a masculine style gives an unexpected depth. Try it – we think you will love the result!



We love (wool-)white waistcoats! "This style" is a great choice to recreate the trend with precise sewn-in lapels, tailored panel seams and darts. A tying belt and a modern longer length are right on trend.  

To style is as above try sewing "these wide leg trousers" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/wide-leg-pants-042019?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190905-WaistcoatTrendPattern-WideLegPants in a matching fabric and then of course whip up a turtleneck pattern "like this one".

Also check out some other ways to style this waistcoat below:



Keep with the black and white theme by sewing up a naturally chic dress "like this one" and using contrast buttons that match your bag!



To still retain that tailored look, but with a twist, you could whip up a "jumpsuit pattern"  in a bold print.



If the waistcoat is needed just as a layering piece for warmth to and from your event - well you're in luck, because you will even look fabulous rolling in and out of the party wearing a "dress like this"underneath.

Are you going to sew a waistcoat for the season?            

        Posted in:                 New trends 

 
             Refer to the "pattern’s store page"  for specific fabric yardage and notion requirements. Also remember to add seam allowance (you can either add to the paper pattern before cutting or to the fabric around the pattern… see below).





STEP 1: PIN THE PIECES TO THE FABRIC
Spread the fabric on your working surface with right facing up. Important: Mark all pieces on the fabric first before cutting out. Pin paper pattern pieces to the fabric as shown in the pattern layout. Attention: Pieces shown with a broken outline on the pattern layout should be placed face down on the fabric. Mark 1.5 cm (5/8") seam allowances and 3 cm (11/4") hem allowance on the fabric at the edges of the paper pattern pieces. 



STEP 2: MARK PIECES CUT TO MEASURE / CUT OUT THE PIECES
Finally, use a hand gauge and chalk to mark the pieces cut to measure (a, b, c) directly on the fabric. Cut out all the pieces.



STEP 3: TRANSFER PATTERN MARKINGS 
Use dressmaker's carbon paper and a tracing wheel to transfer the pattern outlines (seam and hem lines) and all other lines and markings to the wrong side of the pieces. Follow the instructions included with the carbon paper. Use basting thread to mark hem lines and centre front on the right fabric side.



STEP 4: THE INTERFACING
Lay interfacing adhesive side facing up on your working surface. Pin fabric pieces b (cuffs) together with wrong sides facing. Fold piece 7 in half. Pin pieces to interfacing and cut out as illustrated with 1.5 cm (5/8") seam allowance. Iron interfacing on wrong side of fabric pieces (just to fold line on piece 7).



STEP 5: TIPS ON WORKING WITH JERSEY
If you are working with a fine knit, use a needle especially designed for stretch fabric or jersey. The ball-point tip will not damage the fabric. Stitch seams at a shallow zigzag setting to keep them stretchy. Use a twin machine needle to stitch hems (see also step 10). Neaten allowance with overlock stitching or with zigzag stitching.


>

STEP 6: DARTS
Pin bust darts on front and stitch toward points of darts. Knot threads. Press darts down. Stitch darts on back and on lower back piece. Press darts toward centre back.



STEP 7: CROSSWISE SEAMS
Lay lower front pieces right sides together with respective front pieces. Pin seams (seam numbers 1 and 2) and stitch. Trim allowances to 7 mm (1/4"), neaten together and press down. Stitch lower back to back piece likewise (seam number 3).



STEP 8: TAB (OUTSIDE)
Fold tab in half lengthwise, right side facing in. Pin edges together and stitch. Trim allowances, trim corners at an angle. Turn tab and press. Baste open end of tab right sides together with left front between markings.



STEP 9: SHOULDER AND SIDE SEAMS
Lay front pieces right sides together with back. Pin shoulder seams (seam number 4). Pin side seams (seam number 5), matching markings. Stitch seams, catching in tab. Neaten allowances and press open.



STEP 10: HEM
Neaten hem allowance, press to inside and pin. Attach the twin needle to your sewing machine. Use two spools of thread to thread the needle. Use the twin needle and work from right side of garment to topstitch edge 2.5 cm (1") wide. You are stitching with two upper threads and one bobbin thread. The bobbin thread forms zigzag stitching. 



STEP 11: FRONT EDGES
Neaten allowance at front edges with zigzag or overlock stitching. Press allowance at edges, on the right below curve of casing, to inside. Use the twin needle to topstitch edges 1 cm (3/8") wide, catching allowance.



STEP 12: NECKLINE
Trim allowance at edge of neckline to 1 cm (3/8"). Fold facing strip (a) in half lengthwise with wrong side in and press. Pin strip along edge of neckline so that open edges lie on allowance. Stitch facing strip 1 cm (3/8") wide. Trim allowances, clip curves. Turn facing strip to inside, baste. Press edge. Topstitch edge of neckline 7 mm (1/4") wide, catching facing strip.



STEP 13: SLEEVES
Clip allowance at markings on lower sleeve edge. Press allowance to inside between markings and turn half in. Pin and stitch allowance close to edge as illustrated. Fold sleeves lengthwise, stitch sleeve seams (seam number 6). Trim allowances, neaten together and press to one side.



STEP 14: CUFFS
Fold cuffs (b) lengthwise with wrong side facing in, press. Lay cuffs out ﬂ at again. Press one long edge of each cuff 1.5 cm (5/8") wide to inside. Fold cuff on fold line, right side facing in. Stitch narrow edges together. Trim allowances, trim corners at an angle. Turn cuffs and press. 



STEP 15: STITCH ON CUFFS
Stitch a line of machine basting to each side of seam line to gather lower sleeve edge. Pull bobbin threads to gather edge to ﬁ t edge of cuff. Knot threads. Distribute gathers evenly. Stitch cuff right sides together with lower sleeve edge. Press allowances onto cuff. Lay inside cuff edge over joining seam, pin and stitch close to edge. Attach three top halves of snaps evenly spaced on left front edge of cuff. Attach bottom halves of snaps on other edge.



STEP 16: SETTING IN SLEEVES
Pin sleeve into armhole with right sides facing. Match sleeve seams and side seams and also markings 7 on sleeve and front. Match marking at sleeve cap with shoulder seam. Baste sleeves, easing sleeve cap slightly between the •. Stitch. Trim allowances to 7 mm  (1/4") and neaten together.



STEP 17: D-RING
Neaten allowance along curved edge of right front and turn to inside. Stretch allowance to ﬁ t edge and baste. Topstitch edge 1 cm (3/8") wide for casing. Slip D-ring into casing. Lay outer tab from inside over D-ring. Attach top halves of snaps on one end of tab as marked. Attach bottom halves of snaps on other end to match.



STEP 18: INSIDE TAB / FASTENER
Press long edge of tab ( c ) in toward centre and press in half lengthwise. Stitch edges together. Neaten ends. Stitch one end of tab to seam allowances of right side seam over crosswise seam. Sew the top half of the sew-on snap at other end. Sew bottom half of  snap on left front edge as marked.



FINISHED! The asymmetric gather lends an extravagant drape to this striped jersey shirt with a deep neckline that adds a sexy touch.



        Posted in:                 Magazine 

 
Photos:© Mirijam Fruscella

MATERIALS:
+ Cotton fabric 30 cm 30 cm
+ Hoop Earrings (approx. 8 cm)
+ Paper scissors
+ Fabric scissors
+ Pins
+ Sewing thread
+ Sewing needle
+ Template 


Step 1: Fold the loop part so that the long edges lie on top of each other, the right side of the fabric lies inside. Stitch the long edges together at 1 cm. Stitch the long edges of the knot part exactly on each other.

Step 2:  Press both seam allowances open.



Step 3: Turn the pieces and place the seam in the middle of the strip, which later becomes the inside of the loop and knot. Do not iron the top and bottom folded edges.

Step 4:  Fold the larger piece right sides together so that the narrow sides are on top of each other and the seam is on the outside. Stitch the narrow sides together at 1 cm.



Step 5: Turn the loop and pull it over the hoop. Thanks to the bias cut, the loop adapts nicely to the shape of the earring. Lay the knot part around the loop seam and gather the loop part a little bit together. Stitch the knot ends together, folding in one of the knot ends and inserting the other into it. Hand sew closed

FINISHED! Now you have a beautiful custom earring. 
 

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 

Original style and cover from burda moden 12/1957

Naturally, from the ﬁrst look "this retro style" is festive and quite a great look for the big moments in life. The shimmering jacquard captures the (sun) light and modestly draws the attention toward you with a deep but tasteful neckline that sets the decolleté perfectly in focus. The small cut-on mini sleeves beautifully shape at the shoulders and take care of the sensation that we feel covered. 



The crowning touch is the thin, subtly shaping belt that accents at the waistline. When there is a great deal of time before the next wedding, opera premier or the next gala, perhaps it is also a good time to sew this style, in the meantime, in a gabardine or a thin wool fabric – then you can quickly have your ofﬁce colleagues sending some envious glances your direction.

Below are some ways you can bring this remastered pattern into your wardrobe:



One way to style this dress is by going full vintage glam! We love "this faux fur waistcoat" that offers all the warmth and style.



Pastels are super in right now, so why not embrace the spring-like color into your fall wardrobe by sewing up a coat "like this one"  to pair over your dress.



Then sometimes all you need is a little edge. Offset the feminine dress with this "gold moto jacket" and pair of designer spiked heels.
 

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 
Images: ©Jan Schmiedel

MATERIALS:
+ Laminated cotton in brown and pink
+ "Vliesoﬁx 
+ Zipper 40 cm/15.75 in 
+ Thread
+ "Sewing clips" 
+ Magnet clasp
+ Sewing pins
+ Fabric scissors
+ Measuring tape
+ Marking pen
+ Ruler
+ Pattern template



Step 1: All pattern pieces cut 1x Vliesoﬁx with 1 cm/3/8in seam allowance to cut away and press onto the wrong side of the pink fabric. 

Step 2: Cut out the pieces, remove the Vliesoﬁx paper. Prepare both ﬂap pieces (with rounded edges) in pink fabric, and the large bottom piece with the brown fabric. 



Step 3: Clip large ﬂap with the bag handle (pink fabric) onto the bottom piece of brown fabric and stitch the upper edge of the rounded corners (bag handle) with 1 cm / 3/8 in allowance. 

Step 4: Fold the pocket (rounded) up and topstitch along the bag opening close to the edge.  



Step 5: Right and left seam allowances as well as the inner bag to be pressed toward the bottom and topstitch the sides along the pocket close to the edge.  

Step 6: On the opposite side, stitch the right sides of the small pink ﬂap together with 1cm/3/8in allowance. Turn right sides out, press the seam allowances to the inside and topstitch close to the edge.  



Step 7: Mark the position for the magnet closure and carefully cut away. Bring both pieces of the clasp together.  

Step 8: Fold the bag in the middle with right sides together (with both bag ﬂaps together) and stitch the side seam on each side to the marking. 



Step 9: Cut 2 fabric pieces 8 x 3 cm/31/4 x 11/8 in for the zipper ends. Press a piece of Bondaweb 4 x 3 cm / 1 1/2 x 1 1/8 onto the middle wrong side of  each. Remove paper and press each end in the middle.

Step 10: Fold each end in the middle, clip it to the zipper ends and topstitch close to the edge. Now the zipper is neatened for ﬁnishing. 



Step 11: Stitch both lower corners (bottom) with 4 cm/ 1 1/2 in allowance. Trim away the allowances in the corners to 1 cm/ 3/8 in.  

Step 12: Press the 1 cm/ 3/8 in seam allowance under along the bag ﬂaps along the rounded edge. Clip the zipper in place and stitch close to each edge to ﬁnish.  



FINISHED! All ready for your next trip.
 

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 


You can wear it as a casual look with jeans and a T-short or as a surprising accent style with the LBD. "This kimono coat" sewn with a draping viscose can be just as flex as your summer plans. The oversized hem flounce gives it an extra swing.



A look to show a peek of skin, though it is still one you can wear for everyday. "This breezy tunic"  features a sexy Carmen neckline. If you would like a bit more coverage, simply add some narrow straps at the shoulders and then the brassiere straps are covered, too.



Sew it today and wear it tomorrow! "This dress" : with the over-cut shoulders and bateau neckline isn’t just beautiful, it is also a quick sew. The matching tying band lets you adjust the look along your figure – or add an extra touch of elegance with a coordinating purchased belt.



"This style" has minimal sewing lines making it a great choice for fabrics with elaborate prints that cover a large area. You could also choose to make the front neckline panel a solid color. 



"This relaxed cut tunic dress" is captivating sewn in a masculine men’s shirting stripe.  The plastron is accented with the stripes in a horizontal cut. A contrast lace trim detail along the neckline and the sleeve hems outlines the look with a softer finish. 



Fringe borders instantly give "this coat" the popular prairie flair. Narrow tying bands let it draw close – or you might also choose to sew a matching fabric belt for tying.  



"These cropped trousers" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/jeans-plus-size-072019?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190705-FollowingTheSunCollection-122 with the fringe trim at the hem transform denim with a modern touch.  A zipper in the side keeps them close to the body.  The contrast color stitching is a nod to the classic look.



        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 


Simple lines come together for a truly sweet look. Braided trim at the neckline and sparkly buttons are fun details. Alternatively, you could also sew "this dress" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/girls-dress-092019 in denim for a sporty version.  



"This cardigan" with the floral embroidery at the neckline and sleeve hems is so cute. It is sure to become a go-to favorite. 



For the youngsters: We have added a mini “belt-like” detail along the banded collar. A cool detail that has the look of "a fine tuck"9. 



A relaxed style to keep up with the adults in their festive Tracht. "This cardigan" features contrast buttons and a braided trim along the edge.



The dress gets the perfect touch of traditional with the on-point blouse. "This one"  is decorated with mini ruffles along the neckline and puff sleeves.



Whether worn with jeans or with cropped trousers, "this shirt"  with the tucks and the banded collar is simply one that works for every occasion – and as a bonus, it is also easy-care.



A charming and absolutely of "traditional inspiration dress" sewn with a formal striped brocade - and an apron with braided trim at the hem.



They will be cozy and warm in "these socks"9 knitted with a grey wool. True to style detail: The bottle green trim at the cuffs.
            

        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 
Images: ©Jan Schmiedel

MATERIALS:
+ Printed cotton and solid pink cotton
+ Decovil I
+ Decovil Light
+ Vliesoﬁx
+ Bondaweb
+ Zipper 55 cm/22 in
+ Elastic 6 mm
+ Thread
+ Mirror 
+ Bias tape
+ Leather glue
+ Sewing ruler
+ Sewing needle
+ Pins
+ Scissors
+ Ruler
+ Chalk
+ Trick marker 
+ Clips
+ Compass
+ Measuring tape
+ Pattern



Step 1: Press strap (c) Decovil Light onto the wrong side of the exterior fabric. Pin the right sides of the strap pieces together and sew along both long sides close to the interfacing.

Step 2: Turn the strap with right sides facing out and topstitch along both long sides close to the edge. 



Step 3: Press the bottom and top pieces (a) of Decovil I each onto the wrong side of the exterior pieces. Use the Vliesoﬁx Bondaweb on the bottom to fuse together with to the exterior.

Step 4: Clip the strap to the top (apx. 2 cm/7/8 in. away from the edge) and secure it in place on both sides with a crossed over stitching. 



Step 5:  Use leather glue to secure the mirror to the inside of the top and allow it to dry fully.  

Step 6: Press piece (b) of Decovil I onto (b) of lining fabric, then pin onto (b) of lining fabric (we did not yet cut back the seam allowances in this view) 



Step 7: Stitch around the circle along the interfacing with a narrow stitch. Cut the seam allowances back to 1 cm, carefully clip to ease around. 

Step 8: Turn to the outside, pin well and stitch close to the edge along the inner edges (any excess fabric outside can be cut away) and stitch close to the edge to ﬁx in place. 



Step 9: Use leather glue to secure in the upper piece with the mirror from Step 5 and stitch in place along the outside close to the edge. 

Step 10: Press the Decovil Light onto the wrong sides of the exterior fabrics of the upper edge (d) and bottom edge (e). Sew both pieces (d) and (e) right sides facing with 1 cm allowance into a loop.  



Step 11: Close the zipper with a piece of bias tape on the end, attach with hand stitching.   

Step 12: Press the seam allowances for the upper edge piece and sew the zipper in close to the edge. Then attach the bottom edge in place.



Step 13: Press Decovil Light onto lining piece (e). Attach elastic on the right side at about every 7 cm/ 2 3/4  in and secure it in place with an oversize 1 cm stitch individually.  

Step 14: Close the loop, right sides together with 1 cm. Press the upper edge in 1 cm, and sew the zipper pieces by hand. Close the edge (d) and secure it in place with hand stitching. 



Step 15: Pin the top and bottom evenly around the edges with right sides facing and topstitch along 1 cm allowance.   

Step 16: Finish the seam allowances of the top and bottom with a bias tape. 


FINISHED! The integrated mirror makes touch-ups a breeze for on-the-go, too. Tuck small necessities of make-up and jewelry stylishly into your cosmetic bag.             

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 
             Refer to the "pattern’s store page" for specific fabric yardage and notion requirements. Also remember to add seam allowance (you can either add to the paper pattern before cutting or to the fabric around the pattern… see below), further info and amounts can be found in the instructions PDF after purchase.





STEP 1: CUT OUT THE FABRIC PIECES
Fold fabric in half lengthwise with right side facing in. Pin paper pattern pieces to the fabric as shown in the pattern layout. Place pieces 2 and 5 at the fabric fold. Use the hand gauge and tailor's chalk to mark 1.5 cm (5/8") seam allowances on the fabric round all edges of the pieces and also 4 cm (1 5/8") hem allowance on front and back. Cut out the pieces on these lines.



STEP 2: CUT OUT THE INTERFACING
Fold interfacing in half, adhesive side facing in. Pin on pieces 4, 5 and 6 as illustrated. Pin piece 5 at the fold. Mark 1.5 cm (5/8") seam allowances round the edges. Cut out the pieces and iron on the wrong fabric side of the respective pattern pieces.



STEP 3: TRANSFER PATTERN MARKINGS 
Fold back facing piece in half, right side facing in. Lay front facings and sleeve facings right sides together. Pin on pattern pieces again. Use dressmaker's carbon paper and a tracing wheel to transfer the pattern outlines (seam and hem lines) and all other lines and marking to the wrong side of the pieces. Follow the instructions included with the carbon paper. Use basting thread to mark centre front and hem line on right fabric side. Mark buttonholes later (see step 17).



STEP 4: CUT OUT THE LINING PIECES 
Fold lining in half lengthwise, right side facing in. Pin pieces 3, 7 and 8 to lining as shown in pattern layout. Use tailor's chalk to mark 1.5 cm (5/8") seam and hem allowances. Cut out all the pieces. Transfer the pattern outlines to the wrong side of the lining pieces with carbon paper.



STEP 5: SHOULDER SEAMS
Lay front pieces right sides together with back. Baste shoulder seams (seam number 1), slightly easing back shoulder edges from neckline to •. Stitch shoulder seams. Press allowances open.



STEP 6: SLEEVES / STITCH DARTS
Pin darts at each lower sleeve edge and stitch toward points of darts. Knot ends of thread. Press darts to one side.



STEP 7: STITCH ON SLEEVES
Pin sleeve right sides together with armhole edge, matching markings 2. Match marking at sleeve cap with shoulder seam. Stitch. Press allowances open.



STEP 8: SIDE SEAMS AND SLEEVE SEAMS
Lay front right sides together with back. Pin ends of sleeve inset seams together. Pin side seams and sleeve seams (seam number 4). Stitch seams. Press allowances open.



STEP 9: SLEEVE FACINGS
Join each facing piece to a round. Press allowances open. Pin facings right sides together with lower sleeve edges, matching seams. Stitch. Trim allowances, clip curves. Lay facings down, press allowances onto facings and stitch close to seam. Turn facings to inside, baste. Press edges. Sew facings on at darts and sleeve seams by hand.



STEP 10: FACINGS / SHOULDER SEAMS
Lay front facings right sides together with back facing. Pin shoulder edges together and stitch. Press allowances open.



STEP 11: STITCH FACING
Pin facing right sides together with front pieces and neckline, matching shoulder seams. Stitch facing, stitch at the bottom on marked hem line.  Trim allowances, clip curves at several intervals close to line of stitching. Trim hem allowance to just 2 cm (3/4") before each facing end (arrow).



STEP 12: TURN FACING TO INSIDE / SEW HEM
Turn facing to inside. Baste edges. Turn hem allowance to inside, baste. Press edges. Stitch hem loosely by hand. Sew on inside facing edge at hem.



STEP 13: CONSTRUCT LINING
Stitch shoulder seams on lining pieces, press allowances open. Stitch sleeve darts, press to one side. Press allowance at lower sleeve edges to inside.  Stitch sleeves. Press allowances open. Stitch side seams and sleeve seams. Press allowances open. Press allowance at lower lining edge to inside.



STEP 14: STITCH LINING TO FACING
Pin lining right sides together with facing, matching shoulder seams. Stitch lining, beginning and ending 10 cm (4") above hem edge (arrow). Clip allowance of lining at back neck edge.



STEP 15: SEW ON LINING
Lay lining inside jacket with wrong sides facing. Place sleeve linings inside sleeves of top fabric. Press allowances at facing onto lining. Push up lower lining edge slightly and sew on at hem by hand. 



STEP 16: SEW ON REMAINDER OF LINING
Lay extra length of lining down like a small fold. Sew on remaining edges of lining at front facings. Sew on lower edge of sleeve linings at sleeve facings by hand.



STEP 17: MARK BUTTONHOLES
The x for the buttonholes on paper pattern piece 1 are marked for size 36. Remark the x for sizes 38 to 44 according to the neckline and the front edge for your size line. The bottom x is the same for all sizes. Move the top x up and space the other x evenly in between. For all sizes, pin the paper pattern piece to the right front and use straight pins and chalk to transfer the x to the fabric.



STEP 18: STITCH BUTTONHOLES  / SEW ON BUTTONS
Work crosswise buttonholes on right front from each marking. Work second buttonhole from the top also on left front for inside button. Gear size of buttonholes to ﬁ t your buttons. Pin jacket closed, matching centers. Mark placement of buttons. Sew buttons on left front. Sew ﬂ at inside button on facing of right front.



FINISHED! Bring a touch of 60s design into your wardrobe with this asymmetric cropped jacket with the contrast color buttons in a horn look. The generous sleeves are drawn in at the hem with darts for a cool boule effect.



        Posted in:                 Magazine 

 
MATERIALS:
+ Green felt
+ Pink cotton
+ Green wool
+ Thread
+ Hand sewing needle
+ Scissors
+ Thimble
+ Pins
+ Alligator clips
+ And
+ Spoon
+Yarn
+ Pen
+ Template 



Step 1: Cut out pattern pieces. 

Step 2: Fold the half-circle in half and stitch together from edge to fold. Round off the lower tip slightly and flip to the right side.



Step 3: Using a hand sewing needle, sew a basting stitch around the top circular opening and slightly pull in to gather (leave the hand sewing needle attached to thread).

Step 4: Then fill the strawberry with sand using a spoon.



Step 5: Then tighten the basting stitches and knot the end of the thread well.

Step 6: Secure yarn at the top as a pendant with hand sewing.



Step 7: Wrap strawberry with felt and sew it tight along the opening by hand. Finally knot strawberry pendant to the Alligator clip.

FINISHED! Sew as many as you wish and clip to the bottom of your outdoor tablecloth.


Happy DIYing and summer partying!            

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 


"Another layering look" from two shirts patched together. Cuff ribbing on the sleeves is a fun detail and is just one way to personalize the look. Add your own playful touches without limit.



"The basic midi skirt"  with XL patch pockets is an easy style even for beginning sewists. Sew it in a thin denim fabric for a sportier style. 



Sure to be a closet favorite: The destroyed denim look makes "these shortall bibs"  a must-have. Pockets in back are a classic denim jeans feature.  



"This layered look"  is so cool. Two separate shirts sewn together is the secret behind this look. If your shirts don't have a graphic, you can add your own with iron-on transfer paper.



Wear "this style"  as a jacket or as a waistcoat. The look features the definitive collar, welt pockets and sleeves finished with a ribbed cuff. You can make it your own with a finished patch motif, if you wish. 



"These track trousers"  are so relaxed, and special too, with the stitched crease and ribbed cuffs at the hem. An elastic waist makes them extra cozy. 



        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 


"This dress"  is a truly feminine style with its asymmetric hem and figure-shaping band at the waistline. The flowing viscose enhances the drape of the batwing sleeves and the mini pleats along the neckline are beautiful. Style tip: For those on the lookout for a great cocktail dress, sew this style with a satin or crêpe in a jewel tone.



"This dress"with its asymmetric gathering, swinging skirt panel, the extra shaping touch at the waist and a visual stretch for longer legs, is a true figure-flattering look. Thanks to the jersey, it is also extremely comfortable.



"This blouse"  with the cropped sleeves has a style of the Hawaiian shirt, though with a much more feminine feel. A laid-in inverted pleat lends some volume to the sleeves. This style works well for the office, as well. Style it with a pair of narrow trousers or a pencil skirt.



A perfect mix of Paris chic and cool vibes. "The jacket"  has the classic details of a biker jacket – zippers, lapels, snaps –, though the sea green bouclé is very ladylike.



"This style"is a perfect choice for a large print fabric. The shirt is sewn without panel seams and only darts shape the  style in front. An exposed zipper pulls the looks toward a small V-neckline in back.



Have you been waiting on this trend? "This style"  with the slight flare toward the hem and the self-made belt at the waistline can be simply styled with a plain shirt – fashionistas will choose vibrant tops and sexy high heels.



Overcut shoulders and set-in mini sleeves, a flattering V-neckline, a covered belt at the waistline... the relaxed cut of "this blouse"sewn in a soft viscose and the accents of special details will have you perfectly ready for the first warmer days of the season.



Designers are keeping the utility trend on track for this season – and no wonder, when you see it here with "these straight cut trousers" . The patch style XL-pockets and a high waist, drawn in slightly with a belt is a look that combines comfort and style.



It’s true that "this coat", with its panel seams including integrated flap pockets and the ruffled sleeve is not completely easy to sew together. We promise that it is worth every minute of work!
            

        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 


Simple lines with details that enrich the overall style for "the slightly flared skirt" with panels in the sides. To relax the look, wear it with a roll neck or a sweatshirt. 



The print transforms "this look"  with sophistication. The teardrop neckline and a banded collar combine with the lightly gathered sleeves that open with zippers for fine finishing touches.



A wrinkled lacquer, a boxy shape, an exposed metal zipper, fake fur: "This cool jacket"with the XL collar and patch pockets transforms the best fashion elements of the 60s – into a fresh wardrobe favorite!



An incredibly quick sewing project that is also great for beginning sewists. "The long blouse style"has a flattering neckline and mini flounces on the sleeves. 



"This style" with the narrow integrated collar is fine like a blouse and comfortable like a T-shirt. The width of the deeply set sleeves is drawn in at the hem with the gathered XL-cuffs.



"The calf-length wrap dress" includes faux flap pockets, floats elegantly in the breeze and is one that works for every figure. For a cozy and warm style, simply wear a snug roll neck underneath.



Stylish and warm for cooler days... "this dress" makes it possible in a knee-length version sewn with a herringbone knit. The belt featuring an on-trend XL-buckle brings this relaxed cut style toward the body to follow your shape beautifully.



Well-placed darts in the bodice bring "this dress" to shape around the figure without pulling. A visible zipper closure in back adds a modern touch.



"This trouser style" stretches the look of the legs featuring a fun print and a slight flare to the hem. A fun detail: The waistband with a double row of buttons to close. 



The understated cut lets the large print fabric for "this skirt"get special attention. To make this in a knee covering style, simply lengthen to your preference.  



Whether you wear it as part of a two-piece suit or solo with jeans, "this sweet style"with the piping trim, bows, and tabs at the sleeves is always an elegant choice.            

        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 
images: ©Jan Schmiedel
MATERIALS:
+ Cotton fabric pink
+ "Fiberfil"
+ Thread
+ virgin wool yarn
+ Scissors
+ Hand sewing needle
+ Pins
+ "Point turner"
+ Wooden stick
+ Trick marker
+ "Pom-Pom maker" 
+ Template



Step 1: Draw the star on the wrong side of the fabric, then put the fabric right sides together and stitch along the shape with a small stitch. Leave an opening of approx. 3 cm for turning.

Step 2: Cut back the seam allowance to approx. 2 mm and carefully cut in the corners. Then turn to the right side.



Step 3: Form and iron corners with the point turner, then stuff star with fiberfil and close the opening by hand.

Step 4: Draw the cloud shape on the right side of the fabric, and embroider the eyes and nose by hand, knot the threads well.



Step 5: Place fabric right sides together and stitch along the shape marking with a small stitch. Again, leave an opening of approx. 3 cm for turning.

Step 6: Trim seam allowance back to approx. 2 mm and carefully cut in the corners. Turn the cloud, iron, stuff with fiberfil and close the opening by hand.



Step 7: Make pompoms in different colors with the pom-pom maker.

Step 8: Lay out all sewn pieces and the pompoms in the desired order, thread them with wool and tie them together. Finally attach to the rod.



FINISHED! Use an assortment of fabric and yarn colors to match your nursery's color scheme.

Need some new little baby clothes as well to fill the baby's wardrobe? Check out these ones:


top left: "Baby Overalls" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/baby-overalls-032017?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190705-DIYBabyMobile-BabyOveralls; top right: "Baby Jumper" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/babies-jumper-122010?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190705-DIYBabyMobile-BabiesJumper; bottom left: "Sailor Dress" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/sailor-dress-072012?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190705-DIYBabyMobile-SailorDress; bottom right: "Baby Hooded Towel" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/babies-hooded-towel-and-washcloth?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190705-DIYBabyMobile-HoodedTowel

Happy DIYing!            

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 


"This straight-line style" with the patch pocket is a fresh interpretation of the Hawaiian shirt. A surprising finish of sweet ruffles trim the sleeve hems.   



"This knee-covering dress"  with a V-neckline and an elastic smocked waist is beautiful and comfortable. Style tip: This dress looks great lengthened to a maxi, too.



"These wide trousers"  with the elastic waist are so comfortable. The crushed look of the fabric is perfect for traveling: no pressing necessary!



A super last-minute sewing project for your holiday. "This Carmen blouse" : is sewn with an easy-care cotton. Depending on your style mood, wear the neckline high or low – and the sleeves can be tucked to your preference, as well.



Pure summer..."a flirty 50s skirt"  with a full front buttoning placket. The wide belt with the buckle beautifully accents the waist. 



A basic look in front, a "wow" look in back. "The figure-hugging shirt" with half sleeves has a surprising detail with its sexy knotted detail in back.



Combined with shorts, the boxy and proper cut of "this cropped jacket" is suddenly softer and more feminine. Oversized patch pockets make it practical and it closes in front with hooks and eyes.



You can change your mind as often as you wish as to how much leg you would like to show. The exposed zipper lets you adjust the slit of "the skirt" : accordingly.



Whether you wear it solo or with a shirt under-neath, "this side buttoning dress"  with the wide straps draws extra attention with its punctuated gathering at the waist band that gives it a belted look.



        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 
             Refer to the "pattern’s store page"  for specific fabric yardage and notion requirements. Also remember to add seam allowance (you can either add to the paper pattern before cutting or to the fabric around the pattern… see below), further info and amounts can be found in the instructions PDF after purchase.





STEP 1: CUT OUT THE FABRIC PIECES
Fold the fabric in half lengthwise with right side facing in and matching the selvages. Pin paper pattern pieces to the fabric as shown in the pattern layout. Use chalk to mark seam and hem allowances on the fabric round the edges of the paper pattern pieces: 1.5 cm (5/8") for seams and 4 cm (15/8") at hems. Cut out the pieces on these lines.



STEP 2: TRANSFER PATTERN MARKINGS 
Use dressmaker's carbon paper and a tracing wheel to transfer the pattern outlines (seam and hem lines) and all other lines and marking to the wrong side of the pieces. Follow the instructions included with the carbon paper. Use basting thread to mark facing fold lines, hem lines and pleat lines on the right fabric side.



STEP 3: DARTS / BACK TROUSER PIECES
Fold back trouser pieces so that dart lines meet. Right side of fabric faces in. Pin darts and stitch toward points of darts. Knot ends of thread. Press darts toward centre back. Neaten side edges (seam number 1) on front and back trouser pieces with zigzag stitching or over-lock stitch.



STEP 4: INVISIBLE ZIP
Open zip and pin face down right sides together with left back trouser piece. Teeth of zip begin on marked fold line and lie on marked seam line, zip tapes lie on allowance. Turn in end of zip tapes. Use the special presser foot to stitch zip close to teeth. The teeth of an invisible zip roll inward and are held flat by the special presser foot.



STEP 5: INVISIBLE ZIP
Pin and stitch other half of zip to left front trouser piece likewise. Stitch both halves of zip from upper edge to slit mark.



STEP 6: LEFT SIDE SEAM
Lay front trouser piece with zip right sides together with back trouser piece. Pin left side seam. Stitch seam from lower edges as far as possible to ends of stitching lines for zip, laying end of zip aside. Backstitch to secure ends of stitching. Press allowances open.



STEP 7: RIGHT SIDE SEAM
For the right trouser leg, lay front trouser piece on back trouser piece with right fabric sides facing. Pin side seam from upper to lower edges (seam number 1) and stitch. Press allowances open.



STEP 8: I NSIDE LEG SEAMS
Pin inside leg seams on both trouser legs (seam number 2), right side of fabric faces in. Stitch seams. Neaten allowances and press open.



STEP 9: CENTER SEAM
Turn just one leg so that right fabric side faces out on one leg and right fabric side faces in on the other leg. Place legs one inside the other with right fabric sides facing. Pin centre seam, matching inside leg seams. Stitch seam from upper front to upper back edge. Trim allowances to 7 mm (1/4"), neaten together and press to one side.



STEP 10: UPPER EDGE
Neaten self-facing at upper edge of garment. Press facing to inside on marked fold line, baste. Sew on side edges at zip tapes by hand. 



STEP 11: STITCH FROM PLEATS
Fold front trouser piece so that lines connected by an arrow meet, right fabric side facing in. Pin lines together and stitch between pleat arrows. Backstitch to secure ends of stitching. Press pleats toward centre front. Topstitch upper trousers edge 5 cm (2") wide, catching facing. Tip: Use a hand gauge and straight pins to mark the exact width of topstitching. Important: The pleat folds should point toward centre front and the darts toward center back when stitching.



STEP 12: HEM
First stitch hem 7 mm (1/4") wide, then press to inside on marked hem line. Baste hem and stitch again close to basted edge.



FINISHED! So breezy and stylish. The Bermudas are sewn with a striped linen and include stitched down pleats left open at the waist for a playful touch that replaces an attached waistband. You can still highlight this effect and add accent at the waist by wearing a belt.



        Posted in:                 Magazine 

 


A fresh twist on the classic blazer. "This style" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/drawstring-sleeve-blazer-plus-size-052019?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190513-FunSportPlusCollection-128 has a shawl lapel and diagonal flap pockets as well as a stylish sleeve feature that lets you gather them with drawstring casings.



Wear it solo or as a long blouse as we have done here. "This collarless shirt dress"  with the partially covered placket and a petersham tying band is a choice with many styling options. If you want to relax the look, simply roll the sleeves to the elbow. 



"This petrol color blouse"  sewn with Crêpe de Chine is quite a fresh look – the casual cut lets the matt/shiny effect have maximum impact. A sewn-on decorative chain at the neckline is a beautiful finish.



"This sophisticated faux wrap skirt" is a quick sewing project. An elastic waistband with a drawstring casing lets you adjust the fit high or low on the waist.



The graphic print of the crêpe fabric underlines the feminine touch for "this sporty shirt dress". Rounded hem slits and precise cuffs are beautiful extras.



The delicate pink of the poplin gets a striking counterbalance with the addition of a topstitched petersham accent along the neckline. The shape of the neckline is quite flattering and one thing is certain: "This tunic"  is a winning style!



An asymmetric cut and a soft silk jersey drape in a lovely way on "this shirt"with the cropped sleeves with ribbed cuffs and bonus: A wide strap lets you comfortably wear this with a brassiere.



        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 




left: Loewe (Photo by Estrop / Getty Images); middle: Etro (Photo by Estrop / Getty Images); right: Chloe_ (Photo by Kristy Sparow/Getty Images for Chloe)

Clean cuts, solid colors, minimalistic prints – so not in your world? Then you will fully embrace the revival of the foulard trend. This season, not only the well-known scarf print labels like Versace and Etro with their elaborate prints, but also fashion houses more recognized for their delicate, monochrome and couture collections, presented their styles. Styles with wild and varied prints combined with bright colors.


left: Christian Dior (Photo by Dominique Charriau/WireImage); right: Erika Cavallini (Photo by Victor VIRGILE/Gamma-Rapho via Getty Images)

If you would like to interpret the look in a most creative way, look to the Loewe  design that features patchwork of his favorite fabrics managed into a fabulous and unique vision. For those who prefer a printed fabric, be sure to pay attention to the cut in the preparation and trying to choose a minimal amount of panel seams so that the print can have its full effect. We used this method for our on-trend dress on the page right – a look that is also a style that is great cut to a hip-length in a tunic look.



Make yourself the center of attention for every summer party. "This maxi dress" with the flattering bands at the waist and inlaid pleats is the one to make it happen. The sewn-in method of the sleeves lets the border of a scarf print be a beautiful accent.



Embrace this style in the day with the silhouette blowing in the breeze on the boardwalk. Just pair with your favorite summer sandals and a large purse to house your sunglasses and sunscreen! You can also embrace the printed style with a purse that has some colorful trim on it.



Edge this design up by pairing with some heels and a little bag to dance the night away in! Focus in on a subtle color in the foulard print and put it on your lips - here we love a pale lip.
 

        Posted in:                 New trends 

 


Cool glen check is the perfect foundation for the masculine flair of "these high waist pleated trousers" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/high-waist-pleated-trousers-092019?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190923-IntoTheBlueCollection-119B. For a beautiful accent shaper at the waistline, simply add some belt loops to draw through.



Accents at the sleeve and a tying belt in a fabric mix add a bit of surprise to an otherwise clean cut for "the long jacket" with the patch pockets. 



Choosing a flowing fabric makes the wrap detail of "the elaborately printed blouse" an especially beautiful look in back.



"This lightweight top"  with its overcut shoulders is an ideal choice for the changing of the seasons. The narrow tying bands draw focus to the asymmetric gather. 



"This jacket" sewn with a vichy sweater fabric closes in front with horn buttons and a wide belt for a perfectly modern alternative to the cardigan. For an elegant look, wear a bright white blouse underneath.



A new way to wear an animal print. "The short skirt"  features twisted draping panels for a playful jungle-like accent.



Sew it today and wear it tomorrow! "The slightly cropped tunic" with overlapping sleeve flounces is quick to sew and so stylish.  



"This relaxed cut style"  with shirt dress details is beautifully casual. The bodice is lightly gathered – emphasizing an interesting two-piece effect.

            

        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 
Photos: © Mirjam Fruscella

MATERIALS:
+ Jersey fabric 60 cm 25 cm
+ Fusible seam tape 1 cm 15 cm
+ Sewing thread
+ Pins
+ Scissors
+ Hand sewing needle
+ Pattern 


Print, tile and cut out the paper pattern - the straight outline shows the cut edge where the parts are cut out. The dashed lines show where the parts are stitched together. 

Place the pattern with the label side up on the fabric and draw the shape on the fabric (or pin to the fabric). Stoffbruch means here is the middle of a part, so place that line on the fabric fold, and cut. Transfer the notches and lines.



Step 1: Apply seam tape to the wrong side of the piece and cut slit to notch (do this for both sides). Fold the piece longitudinally in half (right sides together) and put the long edges together. Stitch 1 cm from the edge along the bottom seam line to the marking seam number 1. Finger press, or using a low iron heat press the seam allowances apart.



Step 2: Fold the piece at the break lines, and put the slit edges on each other at the ends of the tape, folding the seam allowance in each case on one edge at a time. Stitch 2 mm next to the slit edges, seam number 2, and stitch across the end of the slit with a few small stitches. Turn the band to the right side through one of the openings.



Step 3: At one end of the band, pull the folded in edge over the open end, pin it down, and sew it by hand. Loop one other open end of the tube through the other opening (created by the previous stitch) and sew the ends together by hand creating the "knot / twisted" effect.


FINISHED! Use up scraps from a recently sewn garment to have a matching hair accessory.             

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 

Original style and cover from burda moden 6/1961

How is the perfect holiday dress put together? In this case we would say it would have a breezy cut that isn’t too snug, though one that can be drawn toward the ﬁgure with a belt...one that lays in mini pleats tucked into a neckline band that also is constructed to be the dress straps. Of course, one that is sewn with a fabric that is wrinkle-resistant in a cool stripe design – that can survive in the travel case without trouble because I think we can all agree that a holiday should not include a lot of ironing duties.



Perhaps most importantly, we want our holiday dress to easily be comfortable enough for cocktails, for dinner and for time to sit on the shoreline. "This dress" is also easy to style and accessorize: a pair of ﬂat sandals and a bag for shopping in the city; alone as a cover-up at the beach; and evenings with sexy sandals and striking jewelry to shine. Time to start! The holidays will be here before you know it...

See even more ways to style this pattern below:



Style this dress for your work day with a biker jacket "like this one" a stylish pair of loafers and then all you'll need is your morning latte!



When the sun is out you can wear "this dress" solo with a summery pair of heels and purse.



Perhaps it's a cool summer night, but you still want that fashion style - try pairing with a fun matching cardigan "like this ruffled one" and a sultry pair of strappy heels to complete the look.
 

        Posted in:                 New trends 

 


"These pleated trousers"  with hip yoke pockets and hem cuffs manage to be both comfortable and ladylike. You can sew the look without the cuffs, if you prefer.  



"This coat style" is clean and beautiful in a knee length and with sophisticated sleeve panels. It closes in front with a tying belt and a single snap.



Quite simple from the front with "a surprising wrap effect" to add a captivating finish in back.



Wonderfully relaxed, with a sophisticated twist. The side tying bands allow "this shirt"  with the bateau neckline to be drawn close to the figure.



So many looks combined in one with the V-neckline and bands giving it a nod to the cardigan, the lower look finish of a blouson and the overcut shoulders to detail "this cropped jacket". Style it more boldy with a colorful self-belt accent.



"A couture skirt"with elegant twists of fabric bands finished in the art of the cummerbund. The narrow cut shapes in figure-hugging style, though a walking slit in back gives plenty of freedom to move around. 



A chalice collar and deeply set sleeves with XL cuffs finish the gathered width of "this fastidious style" . 



The fine neckline and uncomplicated banded collar are quite flattering and feminine, especially sewn in an "ice blue satin" . Add a touch of glamour with some crystals or beads along the collar.



"This elegant look" is sewn with a soft jersey that makes it also very comfortable. Sporty details like the dropped shoulders and ribbed cuffs add a touch of fun, too. To wear this look with tights, wear a slip underneath – 
for a seamless style.


            

        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 


A quick sew that is also so comfortable because "the dress" is sewn with a soft jersey. Shorten the pattern to hip length for an ideal shirt pattern. 



The corded waistband lets the fit be adjusted to comfort. The hip yoke pockets and patch pockets in "these pants"  are great places to tuck everything that gets found to save.  



"This hoodie" is sure to be a fresh look not already in the wardrobe. The classic hood gets a surprising finish at the knotted hem.



Cozy warm while staying cool! "This denim jacket"  has a plush lining and collar. You can decorate it to your own style like shown here with a fun emoji patch.  



The kids like the casual vibe, the parents like the ability to wash it easily. "This parka" is sewn with a durable twill and features a hood, slanted XL pockets and a longer cut in back.



        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 
             Refer to the "pattern’s store page" for specific fabric yardage and notion requirements. Also remember to add seam allowance (you can either add to the paper pattern before cutting or to the fabric around the pattern… see below), further info and amounts can be found in the instructions PDF after purchase.





STEP 1: CUT OUT THE FABRIC PIECES
Fold the selvages in to the centre of the fabric, right side facing in. Pin pieces 1, 2, 3 and 5 at the fabric fold to cut out. Fold the fabric in half to cut out the remaining pieces. Pin the paper pattern pieces to the fabric as shown in the layout. Use chalk to mark 1.5 cm (5/8") seam and hem allowances at the edges of the pieces. Finally, mark the piece cut to measure (a) directly on a piece of remaining fabric. Cut out all the fabric pieces on the marked lines.



STEP 2: THE INTERFACING
Fold interfacing in half as illustrated, adhesive side facing in. Fold piece 6 in half lengthwise. Pin on pieces 5 and 6. Mark 1.5 cm (5/8") seam allowances at edges (on piece 6 as illustrated). Pin on fabric piece a. Cut out the pieces. Also cut strips of inter facing 3 cm (1 1/4") wide, equal in length to front plastron edge. Iron interfacing on wrong side of respective fabric pieces. Iron 3 cm (1 1/4") strips of interfacing on outside half of right and left plastron piece from fold line (step 5). 



STEP 3: TRANSFER PATTERN MARKINGS 
Lay pieces with interfacing right sides together again. Use dressmaker's carbon paper and a tracing wheel to transfer the pattern outlines (seam and hem lines) and other markings to the wrong side of the pieces. Follow the instructions included with the carbon paper. 



STEP 4: BACK PLEAT
Fold back piece lengthwise, right side facing in. Pin and stitch pleat lines together from upper edges to pleat arrow. Backstitch to secure ends of stitching. Press pleat so that seam lies at centre back (= inverted pleat). Topstitch pleat from right side of fabric as marked.



STEP 5: FRONT PLASTRON
Fold plastron pieces in half, right side facing in. Pin and stitch lower and side edges together. Trim allowances, clip curves. Turn pieces. Baste edges, press. Work crosswise buttonholes on left half of plastron from marking. Gear size of buttonholes to ﬁ t your buttons. Pin left plastron piece to right plastron piece, matching centers. Baste lower edges together.



STEP 6: STITCH FRONT PLASTRON 
Trim allowance of front along curve of plastron to 7 mm (1/4") and neaten. Use basting thread to transfer seam line to right side of fabric. Pin plastron to front with wrong side facing right side and matching centers. Baste outer edge (seam number 1) and stitch close to edge.



STEP 7: SHOULDER SEAMS
Lay front right sides together with back. Pin shoulder seams (seam number 2) and stitch. Trim allowances to 7 mm (1/4"), neaten together and press onto back.



STEP 8: CONSTRUCT STAND COLLAR
Press allowance at lower edge of non-interfaced collar piece to inside. Pin collar pieces together with right sides facing. Stitch edges together as illustrated. Trim seam allowances, clip curves. Turn collar. Baste edges, press.



STEP 9: STITCH ON STAND COLLAR 
Pin interfaced collar piece right sides together with edge of neckline (seam number 5), matching markings with shoulder seams. Stitch. Trim seam allowances, clip curves and press onto collar. Baste inside collar piece along joining seam. Topstitch stand collar closely round edges, catching inside edge. Work a crosswise buttonhole on left edge of collar.



STEP 10: SLEEVE VENT
Slash lower sleeve edge on marked line and clip 5 mm (3/16") at an angle at end as illustrated. Press cut edge narrowly to inside, turn in and stitch.



STEP 11: SLEEVE PLACKET
Fold the placket piece in half, right side facing in. Stitch pointed end from crosswise line as illustrated. Trim seam allowances, trim corners at an angle. Clip interfaced half of placket close to last stitch (arrow). Turn placket. Press edges. Press allowance at edge of non-interfaced half of placket to inside.



STEP 12: STITCH ON PLACKET
Pin interfaced edge of placket to open edge of sleeve vent and stitch. Clip seam allowance of sleeve close to last stitch (arrow). Press seam allowances onto placket. Baste non-interfaced half of placket along joining seam. Press placket. Work from right side of sleeve to topstitch placket close to joining seam, catching inside edge. Topstitch close to other edge of placket as far as crosswise line.



STEP 13: STITCH POINTED END OF PLACKET
Baste pointed end of placket to sleeve from marked crosswise stitching line, stitch close to edge and on crosswise line. Work buttonhole lengthwise from marking. Lay pleats at lower sleeve edge in arrow direction, baste.



STEP 14: STITCH ON SLEEVE
Pin sleeve right sides together with edge of armhole, matching markings 3 on sleeve and front. Match marking at sleeve cap with shoulder seam. Stitch sleeve. Trim allowances to 1 cm (3/8"), neaten together and press onto front and back. Topstitch sleeve inset seam 7 mm (1/4") wide, catching allowances.



STEP 15: SLEEVE SEAMS AND SIDE SEAMS
Lay fronts right sides together with  with back, fold sleeves lengthwise. Pin sleeve seams and side seams (seam number 4), matching sleeve inset seams. Stitch. Trim allowances to 7 mm (1/4"), neaten together and press to one side.



STEP 16: CUFFS
Fold cuff piece in half lengthwise, right side facing out, press. Unfold cuff again and pin right sides together with lower sleeve edge, stitch. Press seam allowances onto cuff. Press allowance at other long edge of cuff to inside.



STEP 17: CUFFS
Fold cuff on pressed crease, right side facing in. Stitch across ends. Trim seam allowances, trim corners at an angle. Turn cuff to inside on pressed crease, baste at joining seam. Press. Work from right fabric side of sleeve to topstitch cuff closely round all edges, catching inside half at joining seam. Work a buttonhole crosswise at front edge of each cuff.



STEP 18: STITCH HEM/SEW ON BUTTONHOLES
Press hem allowance to inside, turn in and baste. Stitch a narrow hem. Sew on buttons.



FINISHED! This deep blue linen shirt with its plastron and mother of pearl buttons is all about relaxed comfort. The sleeves are finished with a meticulous cuff hem that leaves enough width so that they can also be casually rolled.



        Posted in:                 Magazine 

 
Images: © Jan Schmiedel

MATERIALS:
+ White sweatshirt / terrycloth fabric
+ Satin in gold
+ White tulle
+ Black felt
+ Thread
+ Embroidery thread
+ "Vliesofix Vlieseline"
+ Interfacing
+ Fusible fleece
+ "Fiberfill"
+ Prym
+ Fabric scissors
+ Hand sewing needle
+ Trickmarker
+ Ribbon
+ Transparent paper
+ Black embroidery thread
+ Pattern template 



Step 1: Iron interfacing on the wrong side of the main white fabric so the fabric does not expand later when stuffing.

Step 2: Cut main white fabric with 1 cm seam allowance around: 2 times body, 1 base, and 2 wings.



Step 3: Beak: Iron the Vliesofix to the wrong side of the satin, draw on the beak pattern template and cut the beak with 1 cm seam allowance (no seam allowance at the base). Repeat the process mirror-inverted.

Step 4: Iron both beak pieces to the right side of the main body and sew the top edge with a small, narrow zigzag stitch on your sewing machine.



Step 5: Cut nostril out of felt, then iron on with Vliesofix and stitch. Transfer the eye with the help of transparent paper and trick marker and then embroider with embroidery thread. Repeat on the other side for the eye and nostril.

Step 6: Place both parts of the body together right sides together and stitch at 1 cm all the way to the markings 1 and 2.



Step 7: Carefully cut back the seam allowance around 2 mm.

Step 8: Place the bottom part along the markings on the body and stitch around at 1 cm. At the back leave an opening of approx. 8 cm for turning.



Step 9: Cut seam allowance back to 2 mm, turn swan to right side and iron. Fill with fiberfill and close the opening by hand.

Step 10: Iron satin fabric with Vliesofix, trace the crown pattern template and stitch around it all over with a small zigzag. Then trim just beside the seam.



Step 11: Sew the crown by hand and also sew the ribbon by hand at the bottom edge.

Step 12: Iron fusible fleece to the wrong side of the wings, pin wing pieces right sides together stitch around. Make an opening of approx. 5 cm for turning.



Step 13: Cut back the seam allowance to approx. 2 mm, turn the wing to the right and sew the opening by hand.

Step 14: Mark and stitch the lines on both wings with the trick marker. Sew both wings by hand to the body of the swan.



Step 15: Cut the tulle (4 x approx. 25 x 20 cm), overlay the layers and pull in 2 rows of threads. Gather up to a width of approx. 2.5 cm and knot threads tightly.

Step 16: Cut the piece of satin (about 5 x 5 cm) with a seam allowances (about 1 cm) and sew the veil by hand.



Step 17 Sew the veil by hand on the head of the swan.

FINISHED!



This stuffed swan makes a beautiful addition to any children's room.
 

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 


left: John Galliano (Photo by Richard Bord/Getty Images); middle: Chanel (Photo by Victor Boyko/Getty Images); right: Genny (Photo by Estrop/Getty Images)

That fashion contrasts add variety, is nothing new. This trend underlines the cliché in a most beautiful way: Sheer and opaque fabrics intermingle as panels of the same blouses and tops. Rufﬂes and special details of the styles have a particular Victorian middle-age spirit that perfectly embodies and plays with the convergence of strong and feminine – stunning contrasts rolled into one.



This is achieved either with a direct combination of a masculine shirting and an organza (Genny), or with panels cut away in multiple layers so that coverage is subtly given (Chanel, John Galliano). To keep the look as it is presented on the runway, combine the pieces with extra-feminine skirts.  Fashionistas might also choose to style it with edgy leather trousers or jeans in distressed denim for a third element of contrast.



Showcase beautiful skin in this organza shoulder style with raglan sleeves, gathered sleeve cuffs and a narrow standing collar. The lower bodice panel can be adjusted to your style preference with a coordinating petersham belt to draw it close. Create the trend for yourself with "this lovely victorian blouse!

Even though this blouse delivers high on the style, it can be styled many different ways - here are some of our favorite ways to wear this blouse:



You don't get more neutral than black and white, and here we love it paired with "these sleek trousers" and a pair of matching fashion sneakers.



Sometimes you just want to dazzle up your daytime look, and this blouse look fabulous with jeans too - especially "these ones with flounces". Then use your accessories and shoes to bring a little light into the look!



If you are wearing this blouse in the evening, why not have some fun with it and add in some color with a "skirt like this one" as well as the shoes. You can then top it off with a trending pair of tassel earrings - and a pulled back hair look with really highlight them along with the striking neckline of the blouse.



        Posted in:                 New trends 

 
Photo: © Mirjam Fruscella

MATERIALS:
+ Cotton 95 cm 45 cm
+ Interfacing: Vlieseline H 250 95 cm 45 cm
+ Pearls and sequins
+ Sewing thread
+ Pins
+ Scissors
+ Hand sewing needle
+ Pattern 


Preparation: 
Each size has a line style on the printed pattern. Cut out the pieces directly from the paper according to your size - 1 cm seam allowance is already included. Place the pattern pieces on the fabric with the right side up. Stoffbruch means the middle, so the pieces are to be placed on the fabric fold. Transfer the notches (for the ribbon) to the fabric.



Step 1: Fold the tie piece long ends to the middle (right side of the fabric on the outside) and press. Then press one short end in 1 cm and press the entire pressed band again in half widthwise (this will be four layers of fabric). Press and stitch around the tie band close to the pressed edges.

Step 2: Adorn the outer belt piece as desired with beads and sequins. Pin the open ends of the tie bands inside each of the marks on a belt part (the straps point to the middle of the belt).



Step 3: Put the belt piece on each other, right sides together and stitch around the piece at 1 cm leaving about 10 cm seam for turning open.

Step 4: Cut back the seam allowances at the curves to approx. 5 mm. Turn the belt to the right side. Press in the edges of the opening to the inside and stitch together either by hand or catching it in with the topstitching around the entire piece.

This belt perfectly cinches in a billowing blouse like these:


top left: "Billowing Sleeve Blouse" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/billowing-sleeve-blouse-052019?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190607-DIYFabricBelt-BillowingSleeveBlouse; top right: "V-Neck Blouse" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/v-neck-blouse-032019?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190607-DIYFabricBelt-VNeckBlouse; bottom left: "Sporty Blouse" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/sporty-blouse-112018?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190607-DIYFabricBelt-SportyBlouse; bottom right: "Layered Blouse" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/layered-back-blouse-022018?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190607-DIYFabricBelt-LayeredBlouse

Happy DIYing!            

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 
Photo: © Mirijam Fruscella


MATERIALS:
+ Pre-folded bias tape 2 cm 120 cm OR Cotton fabric scrap 35 cm 40 cm
+ Elastic band 15 mm 15 cm
+ Sewing thread
+ Fabric scissors
+ Safety pin
+ Pattern


To prepare: 
Print, tile and cut out the pattern piece from your cotton fabric, note that 1 cm wide seam allowances are included in the paper pattern. If using bias tape, cut two the length of piece 1 for the headband. Then also cut two the length of piece 2 for the tunnels. If using cotton fabric, lay out the piece on your fabric folded right sides together to get two of each piece.



Step 1: Along the headband pieces, iron the short ends in 1 cm wide to the wrong side.

Step 2: Place tunnel parts (piece 2) right sides together and stitch the long edges together at 1 cm. Cut seam allowances back to 5 mm width. Turn to right side and iron.



Step 3: Use the safety pin to pull the elastic into the tunnel passage. Stitch the elastic at one end in line with the tunnel short edges then cut to 11 cm length. Stitch the second elastic end to the seam allowance on the other side.

Step 4: Stitch in the center of the tunnel with elastic as shown with the sewing machine, while stretching the elastic under the sewing machine while stitching. 



Step 5: Place the long headband pieces on wrong sides together and stitch together along the long edges.

Step 6: Push the ends of the elasticated tunnel section into the open ends of the headband, pin and sew them by hand.


Happy DIYing!            

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 
Photo: © Mirjam Fruscella

MATERIALS:
+ Felt 25 cm x 25 cm
+ Elastic band 25 mm x 15 cm
+ Piping 40 cm long
+ Sewing thread
+ Pins
+ Scissors
+ Hand sewing needle
+ Pattern 


Place the pattern pieces right side up on the felt and draw around the edges. Draw two of piece #1 and one of piece #2 - cut out along these lines. Also transfer the notches to the pattern pieces.




Step 1: Back pocket: Place a pocket piece on the flap so that the top edge of the pocket meets the marked line on the pattern and the flap is between the notches. Stitch together at 5 mm.

Step 2: Baste the piping around the edge of the pocket so that the piping extends past the edge.



Step 3: Front pocket piece: Place the elastic band between the notches on the pocket piece, and fold the ends of the band inwards and pin them down.

Step 4: Put the pocket pieces wrong sides together and stitch along the side and bottom edges around the curves. Remove all basting threads.



FINISHED! Place your phone inside and you are all ready and protected. This also works for protecting passports, sunglasses and even jewelry for travel. 


Happy DIYing!
 

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 
             Refer to the "pattern’s store page"  for specific fabric yardage and notion requirements. Also remember to add seam allowance (you can either add to the paper pattern before cutting or to the fabric around the pattern… see below), further info and amounts can be found in the instructions PDF after purchase.





STEP 1: CUT OUT THE FABRIC PIECES 
Fold the selvages of the fabric in toward the center with right side facing in. Pin pieces 2, 4 and 5 at the fabric fold. Mark pieces cut to measure (a, b) directly on the fabric. Unfold the remaining fabric, right side facing up. Pin pieces 1 and 3 to the fabric as shown in the pattern layout. The printed side of piece 3 must face up. Cut the front pieces as opposites. Mark seam and hem allowances on the fabric round the edges of the paper pattern pieces: 1 cm (3/8") at armholes, 3 cm (11/4") at hem, 1.5 cm (5/8") at all other seams and edges. Cut out all fabric pieces.



STEP 2:  TRANSFER PATTERN MARKINGS 
Use dressmaker's carbon paper and a tracing wheel to transfer the pattern outlines (seam and hem lines) and also all lines, markings and other details to the wrong side of the pieces. Follow the instructions included with the carbon paper. Use basting thread to transfer pleat lines, facing fold line and centre front to the right fabric side.



STEP 3: THE INTERFACING
Use piece 1 to cut two strips of interfacing the width of the facing and use piece 3 to cut one strip the width of the facing. Iron interfacing on front pieces and right front skirt panel from marked fold line (wrong fabric side). Neaten outer facing edges with zigzag and or overlock stitching. 



STEP 4:  BACK NECKLINE
Iron Vilene Bias Tape/stay tape on edge of back neckline so that the chain stitch lies on the marked seam line and the narrower half of the tape on the allowance. Press allowance to inside, pin. Use the twin machine needle and work from right side of garment piece to topstitch back neckline 1 cm (3/8") wide, catching allowance. Stitch at a straight stitch setting with two upper threads. The upper threads form parallel lines, the bobbin thread forms a line of zigzag stitching.



STEP 5: SIDE SEAMS
Tips for jersey: Use a special jersey needle for stitching. The ball-point tip will not damage the fabric. Stitch at a narrow zigzag setting to keep the seams stretchy. Lay front pieces right sides together with back. Pin side seams (seam number 1) and stitch. Trim allowances to 7 mm (1/4"), neaten together and press onto back.



STEP 6: ARMHOLES
Fold facing strip (b) in half lengthwise with wrong side facing in, press. Pin strip to armhole edge so that open edges lie on allowance. Stitch facing strip 1 cm (3/8") wide. Trim allowances, clip curves. Turn facing strip to inside, baste. Press edge. Topstitch armhole edge 5 mm (3/16") wide, catching facing strip.



STEP 7:  STRAP WITH ELASTIC
Fold strap lengthwise, right side facing in. Pin long edges together and stitch 1.5 cm (5/8") wide. Trim allowances. Turn strap and arrange so that seam lies centered. Cut 3 cm (1 1/4") elastic into two equal pieces. Use a safety pin as a bodkin to insert elastic into straps. Stitch ends of strap and elastic together for a ﬁnished length as follows for size 36: 19 cm (71/2"); size 38: 
19.5 cm (7 3/4"); size 40: 20 cm (8"); size 42: 20.5 cm (8 1/4"); size 44: 21 cm (8 3/8").



STEP 8: BASTE STRAPS IN FRONT
Clip allowance of front pieces on facing fold line as illustrated. Baste straps right sides together wth front shoulder edges. 



STEP 9: CATCH IN STRAPS
Turn self-facing out on fold line and pin in place over strap. Turn in allowance of side facing overhanging at edge of armhole. Stitch shoulder edges together, catching in strap. Trim allowances. Turn facing to inside on fold line, baste. Pull strap up. Sew on side facing edge at armhole with small stitches by hand.



STEP 10: FRONT PIECES / PLEATS
Work from right side of fabric to lay pleats on front pieces in arrow direction, baste pleats at lower edge. Lay right front on left front, matching centers. Baste lower edges together.



STEP 11: RIGHT FRONT SKIRT PANEL
Press self-facing of right front skirt panel to inside on fold line, baste. Lay pleats in arrow direction, baste at upper edge. 



STEP 12: BASTE SKIRT PANELS TOGETHER
Neaten allowance at right side edge of front skirt panel and press to inside. Use the twin machine needle to topstitch from right side of garment piece 1 cm (3/8") next to edge, catching allowance. Lay right front skirt panel on front skirt panel, matching centers. Baste upper edges together.



STEP 13: SIDE SEAMS
Lay front skirt panel on back skirt panel with right sides facing. Pin side seams (seam number 2) and stitch. Trim allowances to 7 mm (1/4"), neaten together and press onto back skirt panel.



STEP 14: STITCH ON SKIRT
Pin skirt right sides together with upper dress, matching centers and matching side seams. Stitch skirt. Trim allowances to 1 cm (3/8") and neaten together. Secure seam by cutting a piece of 7 mm (1/4") wide elastic for a
comfortable fi t at the waist plus 2 cm (3/4") and mark the middle. Pin elastic to seam allowances so that middle meets with a side seam. Pin ends together at other side seam. Stretch elastic slightly and stitch at a zigzag setting.



STEP 15: STITCH STRAPS ON BACK
Pin open ends of straps right sides together with back shoulder edges. Try on dress to determine correct strap length. Stitch straps. Trim allowances, neaten together and lay downward. Sew side edges of straps to back by hand. 



STEP 16: STITCH HEM
Lay self-facing on right skirt panel out ﬂat again. Neaten hem allowance, press to inside and pin. Use the twin machine needle to topstitch lower skirt edge 2.5 cm (1") wide, catching hem. Turn facing to inside again and sew on at hem by hand. Press.



FINISHED! Small pleats at the front give the jersey fabric a beautiful drape to create an elegant and enchanting neckline.


Want more sewing lessons? Check out our last one here on our "Shirt Dress with Gathers" :https://www.burdastyle.com/blog/sewing-lesson-107a-shirt-dress-with-gathers-052019.            

        Posted in:                 Magazine 

 
Pictured above I'm wearing the jumpsuit I sewed for my "Pattern Play Column in Sew News Magazine"



First things first, you need your torso measurement. You may need a longer than the usual 60" measuring tape to accurately take this measurement since it goes from shoulder to shoulder through the crotch. Wear form fitting pants and your usual bra and straddling the measuring tape, record the measurement at your shoulder without pulling the tape too tight. Mine measured in at 59".

Now to translate this onto your jumpsuit pattern divide the measurement in two.
59" / 2" = 29.5"

For the front jumpsuit ADD 1", and for the back jumpsuit ADD 2 - 2 1/2". This is your basic ease.

So my front jumpsuit from shoulder to front crotch should measure 30 1/2", and my back jumpsuit from shoulder to crotch should measure 32".

I went back and measured one of my favorite fitting jumpsuits and the measurements were spot on!



With the garment flat, I measured from the middle of the strap along the front to the crotch point. It measures 30 1/2".



And I repeated for the back.



You may need to roll out the back crotch curve a bit to get the point because of the natural curvature of the back crotch seam. Mine here measures my 32"!



One of "my favorite jumpsuits"  I love the style, but also the fit of this one as it's comfortably to both walk, stand and sit in which is super important. If you are making a jumpsuit style that is belted like "this one" then you may want to add a little bit more length to blouse over the belt - about 1" to each front and back measurement.



Now for how you can implement this on your pattern! This is our "Trumpet Sleeve Jumpsuit"  which is actually a tall sized pattern that I have tiled out and ready to cut from my fabric. But before I do so I want to make sure the torso length is correct, so I measured from my size line's shoulder diagonally to the crotch point. 

Sometimes you need to take some pattern details into considerations too, this jumpsuit style has a casing so I had to add the casing amount to my measurement which was 2" since the casing width is stitched on either side of the waistline seam. If you need to lengthen/shorten your pattern to achieve your measurement "click here"to see how to do so. If you have more than 1" to adjust I would suggest breaking it up into two slash lines above and below the waistline instead of adjusting all in that section.



Measure the back in the same way. My back needed to measure 34 1/2" (half of my torso measurement + 2 1/2" ease + 2" self casing width). 



Now here is the jumpsuit sewn up with the casing!

Steps for a jumpsuit with shoulder seams:
+ Measure torso measurement
+ Divide into two
+ Add standard ease (1" to front and 2 - 2 1/2" for the back; use the larger added amount if you have a rounder bum)
+ Determine extra amounts to add if necessary (belts, casings, seams, etc.)
+ If a paneled jumpsuit, align all paper pattern pieces together (it is easier if you cut out the size lines without seam allowances to butt them together and then add seam allowance after the measurement is taken)
+ Determine base size that you normally sew with
+ Take measurements on both front and back pieces making adjustments at waistline and/or above and below

If you are using a pattern with a strap and the shoulder line isn't located anywhere on the pattern. Draft or locate the strap piece, and place the pattern piece on the pattern marking for the strap at your size line and measure from the middle of the strap. This just helps visualize if the strap will give you enough length, or there is too much length with the strap in play to make adjustments. Most of the time the jumpsuit fitting considerations can be done in the straps without doing these preliminary measurements and adjustments - but if you have an extra long or short torso then I would suggest measuring and adjusting the pattern before cutting.

Now that we know a little more about determining the correct length for a jumpsuit, let's look at some patterns!


"Plus Size Midi Jumpsuit" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/midi-jumpsuit-plus-size-072018?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190619-AllAboutJumpsuits-PlusMidiJumpsuit; "Corset Linen Jumpsuit" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/linen-jumpsuit-052018?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190619-AllAboutJumpsuits-CorsetLinenJumpsuit; "Children's Jumpsuit" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/childrens-jumpsuit-052018?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190619-AllAboutJumpsuits-ChildrensJumpsuit; "Linen Jumpsuit" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/linen-jumpsuit-062018?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190619-AllAboutJumpsuits-LinenJumpsuit

Over the past year, these four jumpsuit patterns have been our most popular. But the GOAT (greatest of all time) is our...



"Trumpet Sleeve Jumpsuit" :h Which I actually didn't know until I looked it up, and it was my planned jumpsuit make that I said so on "Sew & Tell" :https://www.sewdaily.com/sewandtell/sew-tell-16-episode.

To start with if you know you are on the petite / tall size you can start with a corresponding pattern to make the adjustments easier - or maybe no adjustments at all! Check out the featured jumpsuit patterns for both size categories...


left: "Short Jumpsuit" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/short-jumpsuit-052013?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190619-AllAboutJumpsuits-ShortJumpsuit; right: "Boho Jumpsuit" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/boho-jumpsuit-042016?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190619-AllAboutJumpsuits-BohoJumpsuit


left: "Jersey Jumpsuit" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/jersey-jumpsuit-052017?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190619-AllAboutJumpsuits-JerseyJumpsuit; right: "Evening Jumpsuit" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/evening-jumpsuit-062015?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190619-AllAboutJumpsuits-EveningJumpsuit

Excited about your next jumpsuit make? Here are some of my favorite runway jumpsuit looks from the Spring 2019 and 2020 collections...


left: Louis Vuitton (Photo by Peter White/Getty Images); middle: Chanel (Photo by Yanshan Zhang/Getty Images); right: DSquared2 (Photo by Victor VIRGILE/Gamma-Rapho via Getty Images)

It's all about the structured jumpsuit this season! To get this look try our new "Boiler Suit" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/boiler-suit-042019?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190619-AllAboutJumpsuits-BoilerSuit pattern in a print, solid, or metallic.


left: Sunnei (Photo by Victor VIRGILE/Gamma-Rapho via Getty Images); right: Marni (Photo by Victor VIRGILE/Gamma-Rapho via Getty Images)

Also loving all the men's jumpsuit I'm seeing on the runway lately! 

What is your next jumpsuit make?
 

        Posted in:                 New trends 

 


Quick to sew and really stylish. "This blouse"  includes extra-wide sleeves with quilted pleats that define and shape the look. 



A perfect choice for a cool evening and for days at the office. The masculine style of "the blazer" includes a shawl lapel and pocket flaps sewn into the waist seam.



Masculine meets feminine with "these pleated waistband trousers" featuring contrast buttons. Also, adjusting this cut to different lengths can work for great shorts or Bermudas.



"This V-neckline top" is a clean-line look that is also quite beautiful with its partially stitched down pleats in the back and small slits at the sides.



Deep set-in sleeves and quilted pleats that let the extra volume spring casually from the midsection give "this blouse" a modern twist and style. For a timeless look, sew it in a black or white and match the buttons. 



A style that shapes at the waist and at the hips while also being comfortable. "The mini skirt"  has hip yoke pockets, too. A beautiful detail: All seams are finished with a double row of topstitching.



Gabardine in the trend color yellow lets the graphic details of "this cut" be remarkable without overwhelming. The stunning finish accents include decorative flaps at the waist, inlaid pleats and a flattering bateau neckline. 



For the office and for an evening at the theater, "this elegant dress" in the wrap look accentuates in all the right places. Add an extra splash to the style by sewing the belt in a different color. 



A style that cools on hot summer days and is especially comfortable. "The shirt dress"finishes at knee-length, stretches with a plunging V-neckline and is gathered softly at the sleeve hems. 



Wide enough to move around and very cute!  "The shirt"  has ruffles to finish the look and XL-wooden buttons –best covered with aluminum foil while washing.



"This trendy jumpsuit"in a sunny yellow linen is a good mood piece! A touch of sophistication: the faux wrap at the bodice and gathering at the waist.



An elegant look that is just like the grownups! "This midi dress"  with the tying shoulder straps includes a full-length buttoning placket and oversized patch pockets that is sure to quickly become a favorite to pull from the wardrobe.



The perfect last-minute piece for the holiday travel case. "Relaxed linen trousers"with a comfortable elastic waist and tying belt sew together quickly.
 

        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 
             Here comes the ultra-retro style that reaches back to the summer of 1958,  where this look was introduced as being "reminiscent of Grandma's time." This look was worn earliest as a swimsuit, though in the 50s it was introduced as beachwear.



Today, "the look" is one of a relaxed romper for casual days. We kept the cool, striped cotton that has the vibe of being at the shoreline. The extra accents of white lace trim add a sweet charm. The look doesn't stop at "sweet," though, because the elastic smocked waist and short hems are comfortable and practically wrinkle-free. Together, these details make it a perfect travel outﬁt.

Even long trips will be easy to manage without feeling restricted or dealing with unsightly wrinkles – so the iron can stay home. And for those who ﬁnd the romper a bit too frilly, some possible modification: leave the lace out of the look, ﬁnish the edges with a piped trim and don't use the elastic on the lower hems. For any look you choose, the perfect accent at the waist is a wide belt. 



To get this style totally beach ready, simply grab your favorite beach hat, sunglasses and towel. Also don't forget the sunscreen! If you need a new swimsuit to wear underneath, then try some of our most popular swimwear patterns below:


top left: "Bikini 06/2011" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/bikini-062011?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190625-RetroSwimRomper-Bikini; top right: "Bikini 07/2018" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/bikini-072018?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190625-RetroSwimRomper-072018Bikini; bottom left: "Retro Bikini" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/retro-bikini-052013?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190625-RetroSwimRomper-RetroBikini; bottom right: "Bandeau Top" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/bandeau-top-sarong-and-mini-skirt-052014?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190625-RetroSwimRomper-Bandeau 

        Posted in:                 New trends 

 


The stylish multi-purpose look! "A relaxed cut trouser" with wide waistband, sewn with a stretch twill can last the long work days looking great and staying comfortable.



Tomorrow is one of those rush days? "This fantastically printed tunic"  with the tying collar is an absolute stunner and doesn’t require much more styling – basic trousers, a simple shoe choice, and you are done!



A beautiful 60s detail: The wide neckline bands are closed with two oversized covered buttons – with a peek of skin from the small slit. For a "look"  that has more definition for the silhouette, shorten the pattern a few centimeters and wear this style tucked into a trouser or skirt waistband.



"This blouse"  plays flawlessly with the counterbalance of masculine and feminine details. Collarless, a plunging neckline, pleated cuffs in a white poplin ... and it looks as fabulous with jeans as it does with a pencil skirt.



"This straight line cut tunic"  with the side tying shawl collar and cropped sleeves flatters every figure type. Darts at the bustline help it sit perfectly along the figure. 



Here comes the cool 60s version of the "LBD" . Contrast color bands are featured on the slightly flared style and a black button to accent. The mini slit and cropped sleeves give a visual stretch to the look. 



"These culottes" shape the figure beautifully. Covered buttons accent the wide yoke and practical hip yoke pockets are included.



The asymmetric sewn-in zipper can be used to close "the jacket"  fully, or with a partial opening to let the collar drape open. The sleeves are sewn with a faux leather for an edgy vibe.


 

        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 


"This blouse style" is designed with the proportions of tall women in mind. A colorful print, extra-wide sleeves and cuffed sleeve hems underline the look. For those who find the neckline too deep, you can either wear a top underneath or fix it in place with a single hand stitch. 



Whether you style it sporty, as shown here, or in an elegant fashion with pencil trousers or skirts, "this tunic"  with its V-neckline in front and back and a tying belt is sure to fit your style.



Greet the day with a slight swing thanks to "this flared skirt" sewn in a flowing silk blend. The narrow shaping waist band sets it perfectly in place. 



"This well-crafted bouclé fashion piece"  is accentuated by topstitched petersham along the edges in a stylish modern French jacket look – an absolute stunner that pairs with jeans as easily as with an elegant shift dress.



So elegant. "This top"  features gathered straps and a deep neckline in a faux wrap look that beautifully lets the decolleté draw attention.



Here is the "ideal city dress"! An ultra-comfortable look that holds its shape on long and hot days – and thanks to the faux wrap style and sophisticated strap detail, also quite classy.



Large scale prints are perfect for "this simple top" : because no panel seams disrupt the pattern. The cut lends itself, of course, also as a super template for solid basics. 



A sewn-in flounce for the back panel adds an additional flirty swing for "this on-trend animal print blouse" . The high side slits can tuck casually in the front waistband of trousers and skirts.



The print and the remarkable zipper detail get special notice thanks to the straight line cut of "this skirt". The zipper is backed with a fabric band so that even fine hosiery can be worn easily (and flawlessly) underneath. 



A fuchsia linen and contrast color buttons in a horn look are simply fantastic for "this breezy strap dress". The band at the waist is a visual draw that shapes the waist beautifully. 



        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 


Day and night: "This shirt" with the deep V-neckline and elastic at the waist to define the shape can work around the clock.



Sweet ruffles decorate the hems of "these comfortably cut bottoms" with the adjustable waistband.



"This negligé" is beautifully delicate and sewn with a luxurious silk satin. It is cut on the bias which guides the drape to move easily along the body, while the bodice pleats draw attention for a pretty finish at the decolleté.



"This nightdress style" has a vintage feel thanks to the gathered shoulder seams, swinging empire waist placement and mini covered buttons at the neckline. Sew it in a dotted jersey and be super comfy.



You can be cozy while feeling glamorous, too! "This cardigan" : includes cut-on sleeves and edges finished with trim. The glittering sweater fabric is a beautiful style – and one that is also sophisticated enough to pair with narrow trousers and a roll-neck, or with a sheath dress at the office.
 

        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 
             Refer to the "pattern’s store page"for specific fabric yardage and notion requirements. Also remember to add seam allowance (you can either add to the paper pattern before cutting or to the fabric around the pattern… see below), further info and amounts can be found in the instructions PDF after purchase.





STEP 1: CUT OUT THE FABRIC PIECES 
Fold the selvages of the fabric in toward the centre with right side facing in to cut the front and back pieces. Pin pieces 1 and 2 at the fold. Fold the remaining fabric in half lengthwise, right side facing in. Pin the paper pattern pieces to the fabric as shown in the layout. Use chalk to mark 1.5 cm (5/8") seam and hem allowances round all edges of the pieces. Finally, mark the pieces cut to measure (a, b) directly on the fabric. Cut out the fabric pieces on the marked lines.



STEP 2: THE INTERFACING
Fold the interfacing in half as illustrated, adhesive side facing in. Pin pieces 3 and 4 at the fold. Mark 1.5 cm (5/8") seam allowances at edges. Cut out the pieces. Iron interfacing on wrong side of facings and fold facing in half with right side facing in. Pin on the paper pattern pieces again.



STEP 3: TRANSFER PATTERN MARKINGS 
Use dressmaker's carbon paper and a tracing wheel to transfer the pattern outlines (seam and hem lines) and also the darts and other markings to the wrong side of the pieces. Follow the instructions included with the carbon paper. 



STEP 4: BUST DARTS / SHOULDER SEAMS
Pin bust darts on front and stitch darts toward points. Knot threads. Press darts down. Lay front right sides together with back. Pin and stitch shoulder seams. Trim allowances to 7 mm (1/4"). Neaten allowances together and press onto back.



STEP 5: BACK BAND
Fold fabric strips (b) in half lengthwise, right side facing in. Stitch 7 mm (1/4") next to fold edge. Trim allowances. Leave a length of thread hanging, insert into a darning needle and knot securely. Push needle eye ﬁrst through fabric tube to turn right side out. Press tube ﬂ at. Baste one end between markings on back edge of neckline.



STEP 6: NECKLINE / FACING
Lay front facing right sides together with back facing. Pin shoulder edges together. Stitch shoulder seams. Press allowances open. Neaten outer facing edge. Pin facing right sides together with neckline, matching shoulder seams. Stitch facing. Trim allowances, clip curves and clip at point of neckline in centre front and back close to line of stitching (arrows).



STEP 7: TURN FACING TO INSIDE
Lay facing into neckline. Press allowances onto facing and stitch as far as possible next to joining seam. Turn facing to inside, press.



STEP 8: SEW ON BAND
Try on garment. Pin narrow band on underside of other neckline edge between markings. Stitch band to facing as close as possible next to edge, laying facing into neckline again to stitch. Turn facing to inside. Sew on remainder of band by hand. Sew inside facing edge to allowances of shoulder seams.



STEP 9: SIDE SEAM AND SLEEVE SEAMS 
Lay front right sides together with back. Stitch side seams from upper edges to marking at beginning of curve. Backstitch to secure ends of stitching. Fold sleeves lengthwise, right side facing in. Pin sleeve seams and stitch. Trim allowances to 7 mm (1/4"), neaten together and press to one side.



STEP 10: HEM / SLIT EDGES
First press hem allowance to inside by 7 mm (1/4"), then press completely to inside and pin. Distribute the extra fullness round the curves evenly. Stitch a narrow hem. Trim allowances of side seams to 7 mm (1/4"), neaten together and press onto back. Press sleeve hem allowance to inside, turn half in and pin. Stitch a narrow hem.



STEP 11: SETTING IN SLEEVES
Pin sleeve into armhole with right sides facing. When setting in sleeves, three points are important for proper ﬁ t: Match sleeve seam with side seam. Match markings 5 on sleeve and front. Match marking at sleeve cap with shoulder seam. Baste sleeve, slightly easing sleeve cap between •. Stitch sleeves. Trim allowances, neaten together and press toward sleeves at sleeve caps.



STEP 12: TIE BELT
Stitch belt pieces (a) right sides together to one long strip. Press allowances open. Fold tie belt in half lengthwise, right side facing in. Stitch edges together 1.5 cm  (5/8") wide, leaving an opening for turning. Backstitch to secure ends of stitching. Trim allowances, trim corners at an angle. Turn tie belt press. Sew up opening in seam with small stitches by hand.



FINISHED! Whether you style it sporty, as shown here, or in an elegant fashion with pencil trousers or skirts, this tunic with its V-neckline in front and back and a tying belt is sure to fit your style.



        Posted in:                 Magazine 

 


"This shirt" is sewn with jersey in a playful print that is extra charming with its casings along the sleeves and at the empire waist. This is a great style worn with jeans, as well. 



"Sweatshirts" can also be incredibly feminine is proven by this off-the-shoulder style featuring a sewn-on floral appliqué. Of course, you can also stitch a design of your own for an extra personal touch.



"This jersey shirt" with the contrast bodice and cropped sleeves is a perfect choice for beginning sewists. You can, of course, also choose to make an unadorned version in full jersey. 



A nod to the nostalgic "country blouse" : and especially when sewn as we have here with cotton lace or eyelet fabric. The neckline band finishes the bodice gathers beautifully and sweet bows decorate at the sleeve cuffs.



A classic shirting fabric gets a makeover look on an "ultra-feminine blouse" : silhouette. Overcut shoulders and billowing sleeves combine the best of both in a fresh look.



"This flowing silk top" : has a soft feel against the skin. Mini pleats in the back add a touch of extra swing and the topstitched lace trim is a wonderfully romantic touch.



In the fashion of a denim "skirt" , though with a softened floral fabric for a ladylike twirl. The high waistband is very shaping.



The cut says "First Lady" and the print says total romantic – and both are so great as a combination. A graphic floral print fabric is just right for "this jacket" :. The style is very flattering with a bateau neckline, decorative flaps along the waist and eye-catching buttons.



"This shirt" dress flows beautifully around the figure with every step. A lace trim and elaborate covered buttons add to the appeal. You can choose to accent at the waist with a self-fabric belt using leftover fabric.



        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 
Photo: © Mirijam Fruscella

MATERIALS
+ Solid cotton fabric 60 cm x 60 cm
+ Ribbon 2 cm 70 cm
+ Elastic 15 mm 10 centimeters
+ "Espadrille soles" 
+ Sewing thread
+ Embroidery needle
+ Fabric scissors
+ Chalk or chalk pen
+ Pattern


Print the pattern and cut out your size from the paper. Fold your fabric in half right sides together and cut out pattern twice with 1cm seam allowance all around. Also mark the round contour of the pattern on the fabric with chalk. 



Step 1: Put the two foot parts together at the outer edges. Stitch the pieces together with the sewing machine along the marked chalk line. So that you can turn the foot part later, leave the seam open at one edge for about 5 cm. Backstitch well on either side of the opening for reinforcement.

Step 2: Trim back the seam allowances to 5 mm width. Clip the corners, and along the curves clip in small triangles.



Step 3: Turn the foot parts through the seam opening to the right side. Press the edges and also press in the allowances into the opening. Put the press edges together at the opening and stitch closed with the sewing machine close to the edge.

Step 4: Lay the cut piece again on the foot parts and mark the inside edge marking with a pin.



Step 5: Mark the center with a pin at the front of the foot and the soles. Pin the foot parts with pins onto the soles, making sure that the inside edge of the foot pieces lies on the inside edge of the soles.

Step 6: Thread a long piece of 6-ply thread into the embroidery needle and knot the end. Secure the foot pieces with the thread and overcasting stitches on the sole. Make sure that you tighten the stitches and the distance between the stitches is about 1 cm. Knot the thread end and sew the end to the inside.



Step 7: Cut the ribbon into two equal parts. On the outside of the foot piece stitch one end of the ribbon inputting it 1 cm inside the foot piece. Close the other end of the ribbon by folding back 1cm of allowances and stitching in place.

Step 8: Cut the elastic band in half and stitch the elastic on the inside edge of the foot piece 1 cm from the edge, and underlapping also 1 cm. Pin the other end of the elastic to the ribbon and try on the shoe, adjust to desired length and sew together.

These shoes are perfect for summer and you can make them to match all your favorite summer outfits!
Happy DIYing!            

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 
Photos: © Mirjam Fruscella

MATERIALS:
+ Cotton 140 cm 35 cm / or cotton 90 cm 45 cm
+ Cotton as lining 65 cm 25 cm or cotton as lining 40 cm 35 cm
+ "Vliesofix"
+ 1 Zipper 14 cm
+ 1 Zipper 22 cm
+ Pre-folded cotton bias tape 130 cm
+ Metal buckle for 2.5 cm width
+ Belt adjuster for 2.5 cm belt width
+ Sewing thread
+ Pins
+ Scissors
+ Hand sewing needle
+ Tracing wheel and paper
+ Safety pin
+ Pattern 



Step 1: Iron the parts made of Vliesofix (parts 1 and 2) onto the corresponding pieces of lining material (wrong side of fabric). Peel off the backing paper and iron the parts onto the appropriate pieces of fashion fabric (wrong side).

Step 2: Put the inner pocket piece #3 right sides together above the marked zipper lines on the lower front to the larger pouch piece #2 so that the marked lines meet. On the pocket piece, stitch along the marked lines in the rectangle.



Step 3: Cut between the seams, and diagonally into the corners. Pull the pocket pouch piece in through the opening and pin. Also press around the rectangle. Pin the zipper under the opening with the teeth visible from the right side. Stitch around with a narrow stitch and foot on the machine.

Step 4: Place the other pocket on the inside of the bag, and stitch the pocket pouch 1.5 cm away from the edge. Cut 1 cm of seam allowance all around and finish the edges with the pre-folded bias tape.



Step 5: Stitch the lower front pouch piece #2 at the side of the slit markings right sides together on the upper front pouch piece #1. Press the seam allowances open and continuously press the open edges inbetween the slit edges for the zipper. Pin the zipper under the slit pressed edges with the teeth remaining visible. Stitch around the zipper.

Step 6: Pin the outer bag pieces #4 right sides together on top of each other and stitch along the straight seam. Turn the pieces wrong sides together and press the edge then finish with a stitching line. Pin or baste the open curved edges together.



Step 7: Pin/baste the outside pocket on the front so that the lower edges lie on each other.

Step 8: Fold the belt pieces #6 & #7 lengthwise in half (wrongs side of the fabric on the outside) and stitch the long edges together. Turn the belts right side out with a safety pin, then press the edges and stitch around. Stitch the ends of each belt piece to the sides of the front the front.



Step 9: Open the zipper and put the back pocket piece #5 on the front pocket (wrong side of the fabric on the outside) and stitch all around. Finish the seam allowances with bias tape.

Step 10: Turn the bag to the right side through the zipper opening, and press the edges. Topstitch on the bag along the seam where the belt pieces are stitched.



Step 11: Pull the long strap through the roller buckle, and then put it around the bridge of the clasp. Lead it back around the bridge of the roller buckle and stitch the end of the strap. Lay the end of the short strap around the other bridge and stitch.

Finished! Fanny packs are perfect for the summer for bike rides, traveling, and walks around town. 
 

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 


"An elegant style" highlighted by slits in the slightly turned sleeve design and a flattering bateau neckline. The fine silk jersey has a beautiful effect. Style it with a sequin skirt or a pair of black trousers for an evening look.



A romantic pink crêpe sewn in a masculine utility look works, too. "The wide trousers"  with the stitched on pockets gets advantageous shape with the high waist.



"Here"  is the chance to highlight an extravagant fabric, as the cut is one to remain discreetly in the background. A short exposed zipper at the V-neck in back is the only accent point.



"This jacket" in a biker style with the blouson elements is pure couture. The voluminous organza sleeves are banded at the hem with a sporty cuff – an unexpected and beautiful style juxtaposition.  



"This shirt"  with the crossover panels in front and deep set-in sleeves is one for around the house with jogging trousers or with a pencil skirt in the office. The sleeves taper to the hem so that the full look wraps the body. For those who find the neckline too deep, you can wear it with a blouse underneath. 



So comfortable that we could choose to wear it every day – and so elegant, that it also works for an evening out. "This lightly flared jersey dress"  features inlaid pleats and a mini waterfall neckline. It is sewn in a coated jersey that adds an incredibly fine appeal. 



"This asymmetric style" sewn with an ultra-soft jersey drapes around the body with soft pleats. The flowing fabric enhances the strategic draping. 



Sew "this skirt" with the partially topstitched box pleats in front today and wear it tomorrow! This is a good choice for beginning sewists, too. A glittering elastic band is chic and comfortable. Trendsetters will wear a tulle skirt underneath, as shown here. 



A touch princess, a dash of flapper girl... "This straight-line cut style"  is stunning not only because of the glamorous sequin fabric. The sheer sleeves give a subtle peek of skin and the slip dress nuance is sure to draw a second appreciative look with its artful understatement. 



This is a style winner. "The grey sweatshirt"  fabric lets the sleeves sewn with a reversible sequin fabric shine. Overcut shoulders and a relaxed fit keep this also wonderfully comfortable. For a look that is relaxed without the sparkle, simply sew it fully in sweatshirt fabric. 



An impressive style ready for your next occasion. "This dramatic midi dress" is sewn in a delicate plumetis. Transparent batwing sleeves and pleats along the waistline band accent in all the right places. If the bodice is too sheer for your comfort, you can add a lining layer of georgette or a soft batiste.



"A look" that is totally sporty in front and absolutely girly in back! The back panel seams crossover only at the top – a charming panel of batiste and lace cascade to the hem.



"These" are really great for tumbling about. The elastic waistline includes a cording to easily adjust to comfort. The hems can gather on the sides with bands, as well. 



Here is the new wardrobe favorite for the youngsters. The plastron is connected by panel seams and framed by sewn-in ruffles, mini flutter sleeves cap the shoulders and a lace trim finishes it sweetly. "This style"  can also be a good choice for flower girls…



Go for classic styling or be cool with a pullover and sneakers: Ballerina inspired tulle skirts are a top trend this season for both "women" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/tulle-skirt-032019?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190311-EnPointeCollection-132 and "girls!" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/girls-tulle-skirt-032019?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190311-EnPointeCollection-133



            

        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 


A small twist with great effect: An asymmetric cut lends draping to "this otherwise clear line cut shirt" . The best news: It sews together so quickly that you could even make two in one afternoon.



An edgy biker fashion look that can work for the office. Sew "these trousers"in an imitation suede and accent them with the exposed zippers at the hem. The diagonal stitching at the knee and hems give a strong impression of real leather. 



A winning look with the perfect fit that comes from clean lines, a lightly raised bateau neckline, seam pockets and 3/4-sleeves. The lack of extra seam lines makes "this a great style" to use for large print fabrics. A blouse or a turtleneck worn underneath make it cozy and warm.



"This jacket" :h looks complicated, though it is quite an easy sewing project. Its asymmetric look is the background for the on-trend imitation shearling with a metallic feature on the reverse. The front closes with snaps and the cut-on facing pieces are simply pressed toward the outside and topstitched in place.



"This shirt dress" with the full length button placket is neither too warm, nor too flimsy for a great look at the office in winter. The narrow raglan sleeves drape beautifully off of the shoulders. 



A wrap coat combining comfort and glamour. "This style"  sews together quickly and is shown here with a leopard print mohair sweater fabric. Accent rhinestones are sewn onto the shawl collar. A tying belt lets you adjust to have it wrap snugly or in a relaxed manner – making it possible to fit well over thick sweaters, too.



Cooler than a classic cardigan, but keeping the extra-comfy purpose: A relaxed sweater "fabric jacket" that is woven with a glittering Lurex is a wonderful counter balance to a narrow-fit shirt. The edges are finished with a braided trim.



"This waistcoat"  with its minimal mandarin collar, side buttoning peplum and a full-length zipper is the perfect choice for staying warm without the need to wear a bulky pullover.  



"These pleated waist trousers" include slant pockets and are sewn with a fantastically soft sweater knit - perfect for casual Fridays. Make the most of your styling and create elegant contrasts with quality pumps, a great-looking blouse, then finish the look with a blazer.



A modern classic. The narrow lapels of "this comfortable blazer" with the flap pockets, are stitched on – a stylish detail that also makes sure that the lines stay perfectly in place.  



        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 


Together with the stunningly fresh blazer look, "these cigarette trousers" with the front hem slits and trim bands along the slant pockets are an elegant power suit option. They are also great solo worn with blouses and T-shirts.



"This cherry red plumetis dress" is a knee-length look that will have you dreaming of the hot summer holidays. Black buttons and a pom pom trim at the extravagant sleeve and hem ruffles are beautiful extra details.



When an evening theater or a wedding are on the agenda, "this lace dress"  with an asymmetric turn down collar is sure to draw the looks your way. Panel seams and darts underline the flawless cascade and shape a beautiful silhouette.



Pair it with boots or sophisticated high heels: "This flared to the hem dress"features an asymmetric hem flounce and a wrap detail at the waistline for a style that is versatile enough for a full day of shopping through to an evening out.



Just when we thought we had enough blazers in our closet arsenal, we find this mega style: An asymmetric and colorful accent on the shawl collar is pulled through a slit in front – wow! The rest of "the narrow-fit blazer" is understated. 



A sumptuous crêpe de chine makes "this blouse" : ultra-feminine. The soft drape of the fabric ensures that the flounce along the plastron stays soft and that the sleeve width gathers deftly into wide cuffs for a beautiful and soft finish.



A bit of swing for every step in "this tiered skirt" sewn with a dotted print. Tying bands are sewn in the side seams for relaxed tying in front or in back. This style can work well for the office paired with a proper jacket or wear it with a cool leather jacket for an edgy vibe!



A stylish mix of business and a touch of torero spark in this look. "The slim fit trousers" sewn in a spring white are decorated with a deep black braid trim along the slant pockets.



"This style" can easily replace a blazer at the office, and also be a light jacket to protect against the breeze of the changing season as shown here. This embroidered look includes a fringe trim and deep set-in sleeves. Straight hems make it a great cut for border print fabrics.



"This blouse" is sewn with a soft viscose chiffon that is fluid around the figure in a delicate drape. Flounces along the neckline and the sleeves add an additional touch of swing. For more coverage, simply line it with a layer of batiste or wear a skin tone top underneath.
            

        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 
             A time to stroll dreamily along the promenade, to drink a cup of coffee on the piazza, perhaps a romantic evening walk along the beach...hardly another phrase has so many beautiful and even clichéd visions as those of "dolce vita." The famous Italian life expression, to enjoy life, was quickly embraced start-ing in the 1950s.



To embody a fashion statement in the sweet life was just as important and the looks could not have been more feminine: sweet babydoll styles in pastels and vichy, ﬁery blouses with oversized necklines that followed the feminine curves, super feminine dresses with elaborate floral prints and voluminous skirt panels that visually slimmed and accented the waistline while emphasizing a decidedly feminine cascade over the hips – exactly as shown in our retro style from the year 1954 (pictured above). The wide ruffle at the neckline is a beautiful visual balance to the wide skirt for the overall hourglass silhouette - just see our restyle below!



Swing right into summer – totally possible with "this shaped dress". Extravagant ruffles at the neckline are flattering as well as shape a sort of small sleeve. A fabric belt and a wide panel skirt beautifully shape the figure.

See below how to style for summer...



Grab your sun hat, sunglasses and favorite flats to venture out into the sunny summer weather with this dress.



Opt for a bright bag in a color from your fabric print and even wear a little jacket "like this one" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/sheer-sleeve-jacket-032019?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190502-RetroRestyleRuffleDress-Jacket to keep your arm shielded from the sun - or for a cooler day.



Last but not least amp up the vintage style by wearing your favorite matching pumps and on trend cat eye glasses!


top left: "Birds of Paradise White" :https://www.spoonflower.com/en/fabric/4516388-birds-paradise-white-by-mjmstudio; top right: "Bamboo" :https://www.spoonflower.com/en/fabric/5311026-bamboo-by-svetlana_prikhnenko; bottom left: "ANTHOLOGY_OF_PATTERN_ELLE_BIRD_OF_PARADISE_LIGHT" :https://www.spoonflower.com/en/fabric/5817499-anthology-of-pattern-elle-bird-of-paradise-light-by-holli_zollinger; bottom right: "Orange Blossom" :https://www.spoonflower.com/en/fabric/6179251-orange-blossom-by-mintpeony

What really makes this dress special is the wonderful tropical print! Recreate the style with one of these fabulous prints linked above - print on cotton sateen for the best end result.
 

        Posted in:                 New trends 

 
             Refer to the "pattern’s store page" for specific fabric yardage and notion requirements. Also remember to add seam allowance (you can either add to the paper pattern before cutting or to the fabric around the pattern… see below), further info and amounts can be found in the instructions PDF after purchase.





STEP 1:  CUT OUT THE FABRIC PIECES 
Fold the fabric in half lengthwise, right side facing in and matching the selvages. Pin paper pattern pieces to the fabric as shown in the pattern layout. Use chalk to mark 1.5 cm (5/8") seam and hem allowances round all edges of the pieces. Cut out the pieces on these lines.



STEP 2: THE INTERFACING
Fold the interfacing in half, adhesive side facing in. Pin on pieces 25, 26 and 27. Add 1.5 cm (5/8") seam allowance at edges. Cut out the pieces. Also cut strips of interfacing 3 cm (11/4") wide equal to length of pocket opening edges. Iron interfacing on wrong side of respective fabric pieces (= outside yoke pieces and band). Iron 3 cm (11/4") wide strips on pocket opening edge of front skirt panels. Lay pieces with interfacing right sides together again and pin on the paper pattern pieces.



STEP 3: TRANSFER PATTERN MARKINGS 
Use dressmaker's carbon paper and a tracing wheel to transfer the pattern outlines (seam and hem lines) and all other lines, notches and the slit mark to the wrong side of the pieces. Follow the instructions included with the carbon paper.  Use basting thread to mark abutting lines on the right fabric side of the hip yoke.



STEP 4: HIP YOKE POCKETS 
Pin pocket pieces right sides together with pocket opening edge of front skirt panels (seam number 1) and stitch. Trim allowances. Turn pocket pieces to inside. Baste edges, press. Use button-hole thread to topstitch close to pocket opening edges and again 7 mm (1/4") next to edges at a long stitch setting. 



STEP 5: STITCH POCKET PIECES TOGETHER
Pin front skirt panel to hip yoke so that  pocket opening edge meets with marked placement line. Pin pocket pieces together. Stitch edges together. Neaten seam allowances together. Baste pocket pieces at side and upper skirt edges.



STEP 6: CENTER FRONT SEAM
Lay front skirt panels right sides together. Pin center seam and stitch.  Neaten allowances together and press onto right skirt panel. Work from right fabric side to topstitch close to centre seam and again 7 mm (1/4") next to seam, catching allowances.



STEP 7: FRONT BAND / FRONT YOKE 
Pin band pieces right sides together. Stitch edges together as illustrated. Trim allowances, trim corners at an angle. Turn band, press. Topstitch close to edges and again 7 mm (1/4") next to edges. Baste band on front edge of left front interfaced yoke. 



STEP 8: STITCH ON FRONT YOKE
Lay outside front yoke pieces right sides together, stitch centre seam. Press allowances onto right yoke. Topstitch close to seam and again 7 mm (1/4") next to seam. Stitch centre seam on inside front yoke. Press allowances open. Pin outside yoke right sides together with front skirt panel, matching centre seams. Stitch. Press allowances onto yoke. 



STEP 9: STITCH ON BACK YOKES
Pin outside back yokes right sides together with back skirt panels (seam number 3) and stitch. Press allowances onto yoke. Topstitch front and back yokes each from right side close to joining seam and again 7 mm (1/4") next to seam, interrupting stitching at front band. Pull thread ends to inside and conceal. Neaten back skirt edges.



STEP 10: INVISIBLE ZIP
Open zip and pin face down on right fabric side of one back opening edge of skirt. Zip teeth must lie on marked seam line and zip tapes on the allowance. Zip teeth begin on seam line at upper skirt edge. Attach the special presser foot to your sewing machine. Stitch zip close to teeth. The teeth of an invisible zip roll inward and are held ﬂ at for stitching by the special presser foot.



STEP 11: INVISIBLE ZIP
Pin and stitch the other half of the zip to other edge of opening likewise. Stitch on both side from upper edges to slit mark.



STEP 12: CENTER BACK SEAM
Lay back skirt panels right sides together. Pin centre seam. Stitch center seam from lower edges as far as possible to end of zip stitching line. Lay end of zip aside to stitch. Backstitch to secure ends of stitching. Press allowances open.



STEP 13: SIDE SEAMS
Lay back skirt panel right sides together with front skirt panel. Pin side seams so that yoke joining seams match exactly. Stitch side seams. Neaten allowances and press open. Stitch side seams on non-interfaced yoke pieces (seam number 4). Trim allowances and press open. Neaten lower yoke edge.



STEP 14: DOUBLE THE YOKE
Pin loose yoke right sides together with stitched yoke, matching side seams. Fold back edges out 5 mm (3/16") before opening edge, pin. Turn back skirt edges with zip tapes out, pin. Stitch upper edges together. Trim allowances.



STEP 15: TOPSTITCH THE YOKE
Turn yoke to inside. Press edges. Pin back edges to zip tapes and sew on by hand. Lay lower yoke edge over joining seam, pin. Work from outside of garment to stitch in line of yoke joining seam, catching inside yoke. Topstitch close to upper yoke edge and again 7 mm (1/4") next to edge, interrupting stitching at front band. Pull ends of thread to inside and conceal.



STEP 16: STITCH HEM
Neaten lower skirt edge. Press hem allowance to inside, pin. Use buttonhole thread to topstitch lower edge 1 cm (3/8") wide, catching allowance. 



STEP 17: SEW ON BUTTONS
Sew two buttons to front band, passing needle through yoke on inside.



FINISHED! For a striking effect, use a solid color fabric for the yoke – it will look like a wide belt at the waist!



        Posted in:                 Magazine 

 


"This shirt"sewn with a delicate print crêpe and sophisticated pleats in back is an airy and casual alternative to the classic blouse. 



Ideal for the temperature transition and can be worn instead of a blazer. "This unlined and easy-care coat" includes casual gathering at the sleeve hems. If you would like to pull it closed in front, simply sew a matching tying belt of the same fabric. 



"One style" , two ways to wear it. Underneath the cropped shirt with the playful bow in back, is the splash of a longer top sewn in a slightly lighter shade – and one that can naturally also be worn on warmer days as a solo style. Sew a festive version by using a fine silk jersey. 



A wrinkle-free polyester fabric makes "this feminine blouse dress" with the full-length button placket and hem flounces a perfect choice for the travel case. Trendsetters might wear this unbuttoned on cooler days and worn over a top, skinny jeans and high heels. When choosing the fabric, give extra attention to choose a fabric that looks good on both sides – the hem flounce will show both sides of the fabric. 



"This skirt" is a fabulous combination of a sexy silhouette and sporty details: striped elastic to properly shape and accent at the waist, and side slits to draw attention to your legs.



"This shirt"  is quite basic and yet it has such an impactful look when sewn in trendy yellow. Some pleats extending from the neckline in back add swing and drape at the hips.



"This style"is as great for the office as it is for being away on holiday. Elegant flounces shift delicately below the knees, a shimmer of refined buttons accent in front and a tying band sits at the waist to flatter the feminine silhouette. 



        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 
             Refer to the "pattern’s store page" for specific fabric yardage and notion requirements. Also remember to add seam allowance (you can either add to the paper pattern before cutting or to the fabric around the pattern… see below), further info and amounts can be found in the instructions PDF after purchase.





STEP 1: CUT OUT THE FABRIC PIECES
Fold the fabric in half lengthwise, right side facing in and matching the selvedges. Pin paper pattern pieces to the fabric as shown in the cutting layout. Use chalk to mark 1.5 cm (5/8") seam and hem allowances round all edges of the pieces. Finally, mark pieces a, b, c to measure directly on the fabric from the fold. Cut out all fabric pieces on these lines.



STEP 2: THE INTERFACING
Fold interfacing in half, adhesive side facing in. Pin on pieces 3 and 6. Add 1.5 cm (5/8") seam allowance at edges of pieces. Mark pieces a and b on the interfacing. Cut out the pieces. Iron interfacing on wrong side of pieces. Lay bands and facings right sides together again. Pin on paper pattern pieces again.



STEP 3: TRANSFER PATTERN MARKINGS
Use dressmaker's carbon paper and a tracing wheel to transfer the pattern outlines (seam and hem lines) and also other lines, notches and the slit mark to the wrong side of the fabric pieces. Follow the instructions included with the carbon paper. Use basting thread to mark abutting lines on right fabric side of the hip yoke piece.



STEP 4: DARTS / POCKET BANDS
Pin darts on back trouser pieces and stitch toward points of darts. Knot ends of thread. Press darts toward centre back. Pin pocket bands right sides together with front trouser pieces (seam number 1) and stitch. Trim allowances and press onto pocket bands.



STEP 5: HIP YOKE POCKETS
Pin pocket pieces right sides together with pocket opening edges of front trouser pieces 
(seam number 2) and stitch. Trim allowances and press onto pocket pieces. Stitch allowances close to joining seam. Turn pocket pieces to inside. Baste edge, press. Baste two rows of trim next to each other on band and sew on by hand.



STEP 6: STITCH POCKET PIECES TOGETHER
Pin front trouser piece to hip yoke piece so that pocket opening edge meets with abutting line. Baste pocket opening edge. Baste pocket piece to hip yoke. Stitch. Neaten seam allowances together. Baste pocket pieces at side edge of trousers.



STEP 7: SIDE SEAMS / LEFT SLIT
Lay front trouser pieces right sides together with back trouser pieces. Pin side seams (seam number 3). Stitch seams. Left side seam begins about 5 cm (2") below slit mark (arrow). Backstitch to secure ends of stitching. Neaten allowances and press open.



STEP 8: INSIDE LEG SEAM
Fold trouser legs lengthwise, right side facing in. Pin inside leg seams (seam number 4), matching marking. Stitch seams, slightly stretching back trouser pieces from upper edges to marking. Neaten allowances and press open.



STEP 9: CENTER SEAM
Turn one trouser leg so that right fabric side faces out on one and wrong side on the other. Place trouser legs one inside the other with right sides facing. Pin centre seam, matching inside leg seams. Stitch seam, not catching hip yokes. Neaten allowances and press open from upper edge to beginning of curve. 



STEP 10: CENTER SEAM
Stitch centre front seam on hip yoke pieces so that allowances later lie on inside on allowance of centre seam of trousers. Neaten allowances and press open. Baste hip yoke pieces at upper trousers edge.



STEP 11: WAISTBAND
Lay front waistband right sides together with back waistband, stitch right side seam. Press allowances open. Fold waistband in half with wrong side facing in and press. Unfold waistband again. Pin waistband right sides together with upper trousers edge, matching side seams. Stitch. Trim allowances and press onto waistband. Neaten other long edge of waistband.



STEP 12: ZIP FASTENING
Use the special presser foot. Open zip and pin face down on one edge of opening. Teeth of zip begin at pressed crease on waistband. Stitch zip close to teeth. The teeth of an invisible zip roll inward and are held ﬂ at by the special presser foot. Stitch zip to other edge of opening likewise. Stitch each half of zip from upper edges to slit mark. Backstitch to secure ends of stitching.



STEP 13: TURN WAISTBAND TO INSIDE / SEW ON TRIM
Turn waistband to inside on pressed line, lay over joining seam and pin. Sew on side edges at zip tapes. Work from outside of garment to stitch in line of waistband joining seam, catching inside waistband edge. Pin trim centered along waistband.Turn in ends at slit. Sew on trim by hand.



STEP 14: REMAINDER OF SIDE SEAM
Close zip slightly. Turn left trouser leg right side facing in. Stitch remainder of side seam as far as possible to slit mark, laying ends of zip tape aside. Backstitch to secure ends of stitching.



STEP 15: BELT CARRIERS
Neaten long edges of strip (c) for belt carriers and press 1.5 cm (5/8") wide to inside. Topstitch close to edges. Cut strip into two pieces. Neaten ends. Pin belt carriers over pocket bands as illustrated and stitch in line of waistband joining seam. Lay belt carriers up, turn in ends and pin at upper waistband edge. Stitch belt carriers close to ends.



STEP 16: HEM FACINGS
Join facing pieces each to a round. Press allowances open. Pin facing right sides together with lower trouser leg edge, matching seam with inside leg seam. Stitch facing at lower edge and for front slit on marked line. Clip allowances at slit as illustrated close to line of stitching and trim. Turn facing to inside, press. Neaten inside facing edge, baste. Topstitch lower trouser leg edge 4.5 cm (1 3/4") wide.



FINISHED!



        Posted in:                 Magazine 

 


Casual Friday? You will be perfectly dressed in this outfit. For a practical look, simply pair the look with a white blouse on top. "The solid color trousers" with the oversized slant pockets are extra cozy – and the tying belt adds a style splash.



Yep, gotta have it! "This tunic" with sophisticated pleats at the neckline and balloon sleeves is sure to be a favorite piece. The rounded hem with side slits plays lightly around the hips. Style tip: pair it with slim-fit trousers for a great combination.



"One dress", three looks: Start your morning with pumps and a blazer for the office, then pull on the sneakers and a denim jacket around the city. Wrap the busy day with some statement jewelry for the evening. Patch pockets on the bodice and a placket band grab attention. A band at the waist beautifully shapes the silhouette. 



Fine details like the gathering at the neckline, and sleeve tabs with the gold buttons are special touches to "this basic shirt" . A soft jersey hugs the curves. A solid color and a casual tuck at the waistband is a great style with trendy trousers in a leopard print. 



Comfortable and so chic! "The relaxed cut" and flowing fabric add a visual length to the legs. An ideal style choice: shoes with a slight heel. The decorative tying belt can be worn draped or tied. 



"This long jacket"with its drawstring casing, zipper closure and slant pockets is a sewing project requiring some patience. The result, however, is the reward of a beautiful and remarkably comfortable fashion staple that also includes a tying belt to bring it close to the figure – or to let it be relaxed. 



Wow! "This printed cotton style" makes the tunic glamorous – and ready for a night out. The V-neckline draws attention at the neckline and the decolleté, while the well-placed pleats and balloon sleeves add an extra polish to a fresh look.
 

        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 
Images: © Jan Schmiedel

MATERIALS:
+ Minky fabric
+ Thread
+ "Vliesofix" 
+ Pins
+ Hand sewing needle
+ Scissors
+ Ribbon
+ Pencil
+ "Hot water bottle"
+ Paper
+ Wool yarn
+ "Pom-Pom maker"
+ Ribbon
+ Ruler
+ Measuring tape
+ Template 



Step 1: Print and cut out the template for both bunny ears. Draw hot water bottle on paper with pencil and add approx. 2 cm seam allowance all round, create small facing for top opening.

Step 2: Cut the sleeve 2 times from main fabric, and place right sides together and stitch together with an overlock stitch leaving the top open.



Step 3: Cut the two small ears 2 times from Vliesofix (1 cm seam allowance at the bottom), iron on the wrong side of the fabric of the black fabric and cut out.

Step 4: Cut the ears 4 times from white fabric (with around 1 cm seam allowance). On each of the ears iron on the small black ear and sew on all around with a narrow zigzag stitch.



Step 5: Then put the two ears (with black inner ear) right sides together on the big white ear and stitch at 1 cm. Cut seam allowance back to 2 mm.

Step 6: Turn both ears right side out and iron. Then sew a basting stitch at the bottom of the ears and gather in. Knot thread ends.



Step 7: Cut the facing out (1 cm seam allowance). Stitch the lower edge with the overlock, then fold right sides together and close the side seam with an overlock stitch.

Step 8: Pin the ears to the opening, then attach the facing right sides together and stitch around at 1 cm. Turn the facing inwards and topstitch around 0.7 cm on the right.



Using the pom-pom maker and wool yarn, make a little bunny tail and hand stitch to the lower back of the cover. Insert hot water bottle into the slip and tie "neck" of bottle with a finishing ribbon.
 

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 
Images: © Jan Schmiedel



+ Leather scraps
+ Cotton fabric
+ Thread
+ "Vliesofix"
+ Zipper
+ Pins
+ Hand sewing needle
+ "Clips"
+ Pencil
+ Template



Step 1: Print and cut the templates pieces from paper and draw onto the piece of Vliesofix. Draw the large section 2 times, the three small parts 1 time each.

Step 2: Iron all parts to the wrong side of the leather and trim to the template lines.



Step 3: Remove paper from the Vliesofix and iron all parts to the cotton fabric. Then cut back cotton to the template size.

Step 4: Stitch the three small cut pieces at the upper straight edge.



Step 5: Sew on the zipper on the front with a narrow stitch.

Step 6: Sew on the back of the zipper and if necessary shorten the zipper to the required length (cut and stitch across the ends).



Step 7: Finally, clip all small parts on the front together and stitch the box all around with a narrow allowance.

FINISHED!



Fill with all your coins and cards are you are good to go!



Small purse? No problem! Opt for one of these tiny wallets to place in your fancy little purses and clutches when going out so you can bring just what you need.

Happy DIYing!            

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 


Complete your planner with the matching "Binder pencil case" to really keep organized.



+ Leather
+ Cotton fabric
+ Decovil (Vilene)
+ Pencil
+ Thread
+ Clips (Clover)
+ Metal eyelets
+ Textile glue
+ Scissors
+ Ruler
+ Hole punch
+ Eyelet pliers
+ Pattern template 



Step 1: Trace template on decovil.

Step 2: Cut template from Decovil.



Step 3: Iron Decovil to the wrong side of my fabric.

Step 4: Mark 1.5 cm seam allowance on both sides.



Step 5: Cut out of fabric along added seam allowance lines.

Step 6: Fold both seam allowances onto Decovil and glue in place, with textile glue. 



Step 7: Cut one arrow point from leather. Edgestitch to one end of fabric-covered Decovil piece. 

Step 8: Cut a leather strip, longer and wider than the arrow on all sides. Fold lower end onto end of arrow and edgestitch in place.



Step 9: Edgestitch all edges of arrow onto leather strip. 

Step 10: Trim leather close to edges of arrow.



Step 11: Pierce the holes with the punch.

Step 12: Finally, attach the eyelets to the package with the pliers as per the instructions.



FINISHED! 
 

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 
Images: © Bodo Rickassel & © Jan Schmiedel

MATERIALS:
+ Nylon fabrics
+ Cord
+ Thread
+ "1 Cord stopper"
+ Pins
+ Chalk
+ Hand sewing needle
+ Scissors
+ Tape measure
+ Paper and pencil
+ "Clips"
+ Ruler



Step 1: Draft the pattern pieces. Pocket part: 37 cm wide x 44 cm high (already including seam allowances). Cut corner at 17 cm corner and mark 1.5 cm seam allowance all around. To the triangle also add 1.5 cm seam allowance.

Step 2: Cut 2 of the pocket pieces (without corner, measurements from step 1), and cut 2 of the carrier pieces (76 x 8 cm), and also cut 2 of the corner cut out of outer nylon fabric.



Step 3: Iron both straps 2 cm to the middle on both sides. Then press in half again so pressed edge meet (finished width 2 cm).

Step 4: Both shoulder straps are stitched on both sides in a narrow edged seam.



Step 5: Cut 4 rectangles from green fabric each 21.6 x 8 cm. Then place two of the pieces wrong sides together and stitch the side seams at 1 cm.

Step 6: Turn to the right side and stitch the side seams on each side with a narrow stitch.



Step 7: Iron strips in half to 4 cm width and pin in the middle of each triangle.

Step 8: Clip the pocket pieces to the triangle sandwiching the green tunnel and stitch together at 1.5 cm.



Step 9: The green tunnel (2.5 cm visible) is now sewn on both pockets in the corner. Rip out the seam in-between the two green tunnel edges on the inside and sew them over individually with an overlock stitch creating an opening.

Step 10: Put both bag parts wrong sides together and stitch the bottom closed at 0.5 cm. Open the seam, turn it over and sew it from the wrong side at 1 cm (lapped seam).



Step 11: Repeat on the two side seams: Stitching, pressing and turning wrong sides together stitching at 0.5 cm. Stitch again at 1 cm.

Step 12: Press in the upper edge of the bag 2 cm twice towards the wrong side of the top bag. Also position the straps about 10 cm from the side seam. Stitch all around with a narrow seam.



Step 13: Flip up the strap pieces and sew the edges all around in the middle like an X shape at all four strap ends for extra support.

Step 14: Finally stitch the two green tunnels on either side of the bag at 1 cm each from the fold. Then pull the drawstring through the lower tunnel of each, attach the cord stopper, and knot.



Through the opening you can stuff the bag and pull the cord stopper tight to create a little pouch for your shopping bag! It's now ready to pop into your purse ready for your next shopping trip.

Happy DIYing!            

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 
Images: © Jan Schmiedel



MATERIALS:
+ Drawstring
+ Metallic leather
+ Cotton fabric
+ "Fiberfill"
+ Thread
+ Scissors
+ Pins
+ Template



Step 1: Place the 2 pieces of fabric (leather and printed cotton) one on top of the other wrong sides together, and pin the template. Stitch all around with a short stitch leaving an opening at the bottom.

Step 2: Cut back the seam allowance to approx. 3 mm away from the stitch and stuff the bunny with fiberfill. Finally, close the opening at the bottom with the sewing machine and sew on a drawstring at the top.



MATERIALS:
+ Felt 
+ "Trickmarker" 
+ Scissors
+ Hand sewing needle
+ Metallic thread
+ "Clips" 
+ Template



Step 1: Draw the template in felt with marker without seam allowance (ears only on one side) and cut out. Fold wrong sides together and topstitch the side seams.

Step 2: Lay both corners together and stitch at approx. 3 cm and cut back the seam allowances. Flip to right side and fill with goodies!



"This" : fabric Easter basket not only looks pretty on the table, but is also suitable as a catch all for Easter gifts such as sweets and other small souvenirs.



        Posted in:                 How-To 

 


"The cropped jacket"  includes a turn-down collar and the edges and sleeve hems are finished with a petersham accent.  




Topstitched petersham sewn onto a fine bouclé punctuates "this dress"  with an extra splash of chic.



"This blouse" with its XL- bow and covered buttons looks just as great for a party outfit as it does when paired with casual denim. To bring it closer into the figure, simply wear it as shown here with a narrow leather belt – or use a kit to cover a belt in the same fabric.



"This maxi skirt"  with the deep box pleats is a look that turns heads today just as it did in 1952. The panel seams in front come together at the top with a tipped look on the pockets and they are closed with covered buttons.



"A style" that transcends into the sixties: The boxy look with cropped sleeves from 1959 is a classic with clean lines and princess seams that hug the figure softly.



So ladylike..."this satin" blouse features a shawl-like collar that finishes in a wrap. This style was first shown in 1955. For a striking collar update, cut the collar pattern piece in a contrast color fabric.



Oldies but Goodies - These cuts, fabrics, and colors from earlier Burda fashion editions are celebrating a comeback this month!



        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 


The classic trousers and shirt combination is just too boring, dresses are too feminine and anyway, you are ready to try some-thing new? Then you are in the right place with our fashion focus.


left: Isabel Marant (Photo by Kristy Sparow/Getty Images); right: Blumarine (Photo by Pietro D'aprano/Getty Images)

Boiler suits (a.k.a. work coveralls) are this season's must-have fresh off the runway and it is in the true spirit of the ongoing utility fashion trend. The differentiation from the common jumpsuit is in the stand-out details like snaps, exposed and pronounced metal zippers, eyelets, D-rings, elasticized casings and such.


left: Paul & Joe (Photo by Kristy Sparow/Getty Images); middle: Marques Almeida (Photo by Richard Bord/WireImage); right: Talbot Runhof (Photo by Kristy Sparow/Getty Images)

For those looking to stay true to the original idea of the coverall, sew it in a durable fabric like canvas or twill in a sand or olive tone as highlighted by Talbot Runhof and Paul & Joe. An interesting rejuvenation is to take the masculine cut and transform it with an ultra-feminine fabric such as satin or taffeta (Blumarine) making it a focal point as a boiler suit to style with sexy heels and lots of jewelry.



Recreate the trending style with "this pattern!" Here we cut it with the matte side as the main look, and the sophisticated shimmer to punctuate as the accent at the rolled sleeves. Exposed zippers in front, at the pockets and at the side hems are essential elements for the on-trend fashion statement.



Keep it casual by pairing "this jumpsuit"  with a pair of sneakers and your signature "leather jacket" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/moto-jacket-092017?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190411-FashionBoilerSuit-MotoJacket.



Pump up the look with some heels and for extra warmth before the season is in full swing with a "cozy matching vest".
 

        Posted in:                 New trends 

 
             Refer to the "pattern’s store page" for specific fabric yardage and notion requirements. Also remember to add seam allowance (you can either add to the paper pattern before cutting or to the fabric around the pattern… see below), further info and amounts can be found in the instructions PDF after purchase.





STEP 1: CUT OUT THE FABRIC PIECES 
Fold the fabric in half lengthwise, right side facing in and matching the selvedges. Pin paper pattern pieces to the fabric as shown in the cutting layout. Place piece 2 at the fabric fold. Use chalk to mark 1.5 cm (5/8") seam and hem allowances round all edges of the pieces. Finally, use chalk and a ruler to mark pieces a, b, c directly on the fabric from the fold. Cut out all fabric pieces on these lines.



STEP 2: TRANSFER PATTERN MARKINGS 
Use dressmaker's carbon paper and a tracing wheel to transfer the pattern outlines (seam and hem lines) and also other lines, notches and slit mark to the wrong side of the pieces. Follow the instructions included with the carbon paper. Use basting thread to mark pocket abutting lines on right fabric side of front pieces. 



STEP 3: POCKETS
Press upper pocket edge 1 cm (3/8") wide and then 6 cm (23/8") wide to inside, pin and stitch close to edge. Neaten remaining edges and press 1.5 cm (5/8") wide to inside. Baste pockets on front at abutting lines and stitch close to edges.



STEP 4: SHOULDER SEAMS FRONT EDGES / NECKLINE
Lay front pieces right sides together with back. Pin shoulder seams (seam number 1) and stitch. Trim allowances to 7 mm (1/4"), neaten together and press onto back. Now ﬁ rst trim allowance at front edges and at neckline to 7 mm (1/4"), then press to inside on marked seam line and pin. Stitch allowance close to edge.



STEP 5: STITCH ON SLEEVES
Pin sleeves right sides together with armhole edges, matching markings 2. Match marking at sleeve cap with shoulder seam. Stitch sleeves. Trim allowances to 7 mm (1/4"), neaten together and press toward sleeves.



STEP 6: SLEEVE AND SIDE SEAMS / SLITS
Lay front pieces right sides together with back. Fold sleeves lengthwise. Pin side seams and sleeve seams. Stitch seams, leaving openings in side seams for tie band as marked (arrows). Backstitch to secure stitching at seam ends. Neaten allowances and press open.



STEP 7:  BACK / CASING
Neaten edges of facing strip (b). Now ﬁrst press long edges and then narrow edges 1.5 cm (5/8") wide to inside. Topstitch narrow edges 1 cm (3/8") wide. Pin facing strip on inside of back piece at abutting lines. Match ends with slit edges. Stitch facing strip close to upper and lower edges.



STEP 8: TIE BAND
Stitch pieces (c) right sides together to one long strip. Press allowances open. Fold tie band in half lengthwise, right side facing in. Stitch edges together 1.5 cm (5/8") wide, leaving an opening for turning. Backstitch to secure ends of stitching. Trim allowances, trim corners at an angle. Turn tie band, press. Topstitch band close to edges, stitching up opening in seam. Use a safety pin as a bodkin to insert tie band into back casing and out through slits.



STEP 9: HEM / SLEEVE HEM
First press hem allowance under by 7 mm (1/4"), then press to inside on marked seam line. Stitch a narrow hem. Stitch allowance at slit edges likewise, stitching across top of each slit.



FINISHED!



        Posted in:                 Magazine 

 


"This delightful sheath dress" is so feminine. It includes fun touches like slant pockets and a petersham band at the waistline. The darts at the front of the skirt panel are not fully stitched but drawn in along the waistline as 
sophisticated pleats. 



A choice that works in the warmest temps of the season, as well. The straight lines for "this style" are shaped with inlaid pleats at the neckline and an attached hem band. A slit in the middle of the back gives optimal freedom to move around. 



A breezy look that slips on easily to have you quickly stylish in "this dress"  with the high side slits. A softly draping viscose accentuates the integrated sleeves with an elegant cascade.



"A style"  that works for all figure shapes to give a stunning and attention-grabbing look pulled from the 50s. The bodice wrap adds charm at the decolleté and the knotted detail on the belt adds a beautifully feminine finish. 



"This vibrant and brightly printed shirt dress"  is sure to put you in a great mood from the moment you put it on. A full-length button placket is classic and the relaxed width of the cropped sleeves is capped with narrow cuffs.



Do you have a relaxed shopping afternoon with a best friend planned? "This comfortable dress"  with practical seam pockets doesn't feel restrictive and is also one that works for a day of walking in the city. If you like to have more definition at the waistline, simply wear a wide belt over the elastic.



"This wrap dress"  is perfect for holiday travel thanks to an easy-care and practically wrinkle-free jersey fabric. Drawstring casings at the shoulder let you gather the overcut sleeves to your preference. 



Whether you plan a stroll along the beach or a dinner at home, "this wrap dress"  in a midi length with gathered shoulders can quickly be ready for any situation with an update of accessories. 



Do you prefer the sophisticated trendy metallic jacquard look or perhaps an absolutely classic black crêpe? "This dress"with its overcut shoulders and slightly flared skirt panel is adaptable to a variety of fabric choices for a style that is just right for you.



An especially flattering look with the snug neckline band and the halter style is very flattering for smaller bustlines. "This style" is shown in a romantic print twill. The swinging skirt panel cascades softly around the hips. 
 

        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 


The Carmen neckline lets the shoulders show their beauty. For those who wish to wear a brassiere underneath, the mini sleeves on "this dress"  can also be worn pulled atop the shoulder – then the straps can tuck underneath. 



The details really make a difference here. A yoke band and overlapping front expertly shape a covered placket. T-shirts and blouses should always be tucked with "this look" – a highlight for this feature for full impact that also beautifully draws the eye along the style lines.



"This tunic"  with its slits at the neckline and the hem is an especially flattering look for petite women. Fabric bands, the empire waist and sleeve hems are decorated here with a narrow rick-rack trim. 



The pleats in front hold a shape that mimics the look of a waist tuck, an especially casual feature for the relaxed blouse sewn with a breathable and sophisticatedly draping mixed weave fabric. When not in rotation for your travel needs, "this style" is wonderfully paired with slim fit trousers, skinny jeans or a pencil skirt for the office.



So breezy and stylish. "The Bermudas" are sewn with a striped linen and include stitched down pleats left open at the waist for a playful touch that replaces an attached waistband. You can still highlight this effect and add accent at the waist by wearing a belt.



For sunset strolls or a cover-up at the beach: "This lightweight tunic" with a gathered V-neckline and drawstring casings at the sleeves is our new favorite. For a full-on romantic look, sew it in a delicate eyelet fabric.



This dreamy version of "the perfect summer dress" is a ray of sunshine. The layered cut pulls close to the body with a an elastic casing at the waist and the neckline has an attached flounce that drapes softly along the figure.



Let the vibe of the 70s be revived in "this long cardigan"  look that includes a tying band to pull it casually close or let it simply drape open in front. 



It is hard to believe but "this charming dress" is really one pattern piece that is finished by simply wrapping it around your body – cool! 



"This asymmetric"  shirt with gathering is the perfect last-minute style. Choose a wrinkle-free and easy-care jersey for a look that looks fresh even through the longest journey.



        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 


"The top"  of the look is a proper trouser style and the bottom kicks into fiesta style. A fun look with flounces at the hems that have a positive vibe and look great with a plain T-shirt or in a complete suit style with the blazer.



An unbelievably fiery look! "A wrap dress"  with cropped sleeves, a rounded hem that draws the eye toward beautiful legs, and narrow sleeves with a deep neckline that visually stretches the figure - sexy! 



Thanks to a delicate silk, "this charming floral print" has an especially elegant look. Self-covered buttons and a looped band decorate the neckline.



The individual pieces are on first glance, quite plain, with a squared neckline and 3/4-sleeves. And yet you get drawn in with the deep shade of black and the tailored fit that is both feminine and dramatic. "Put this" on the sewing list right away! 



"This collarless blazer" shows the details. The skillfully designed shaping panels, flap pockets and some contrast color buttons is a look that is sure to put you in a good mood, while also being quite a proper style for the office.



"These waistband trousers" are breezy, lightweight and totally feminine. The floral viscose adds a beautiful and soft drape to the hem flounces for a bit of swing in every step.



Let your summer skin shine in "this blouse" : sewn in a turquoise crêpe. While the cut is a bit demure, the flawless cuffs get an extra glance – and you, of course!



"This wrap dress" sets the shape for an absolute "wow" figure. A plunging neckline and rounded hems counterbalance with narrow sleeves that accent for beautiful arms and shoulders.   
 

        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 
             Refer to the "pattern’s store page"  for specific fabric yardage and notion requirements. Also remember to add seam allowance (you can either add to the paper pattern before cutting or to the fabric around the pattern… see below), further info and amounts can be found in the instructions PDF after purchase.





STEP 1: CUT OUT THE FABRIC PIECES
Fold the fabric in half lengthwise, right side facing in. Pin the paper pattern pieces to the fabric as shown in the cutting layout. Place pieces 2, 4 and 11 at the fabric fold. Fold piece 12 in half and also place at the fold. Use tailor's chalk to mark 1.5 cm (5/8") seam allowances round all edges of the pattern pieces. Cut out the fabric pieces..



STEP 2: THE INTERFACING
Fold the interfacing in half, adhesive side facing in. Fold piece 12 in half on the fold line. Pin on pieces 3, 4 and 12, with piece 4 at the fold. Add 1.5 cm (5/8") seam allowance at edges.. Cut out the pieces. Iron interfacing on wrong side of fabric, on cuffs to fold line. Fold back facing in half, right side in. Lay front facings and cuffs right sides together. Pin on the paper pattern pieces again.



STEP 3: TRANSFER PATTERN MARKINGS 
Use dressmaker's carbon paper and a tracing wheel to transfer the pattern outlines (seam and hem lines), all other markings and * to the wrong side of the pieces. Follow the instructions included with the carbon paper. Use basting thread to transfer centre front on front pieces, front bands and peplum peplum to the right fabric side.



STEP 4: SHOULDER SEAMS
Lay front pieces right sides together with back. Pin shoulder seams (seam number 1) and stitch. Trim allowances to 7 mm (1/4"), neaten together and press onto back.



STEP 5: FACING
Pin front facings right sides together with shoulder edges of back facing. Stitch edges together (seam number 2). Press allowances open. Neaten outer facing edge with zigzag or overlock stitching.



STEP 6: STITCH ON FACING
Pin facing right sides together with front edges and neckline, matching shoulder seams. Stitch facing. Trim allowances, clip curves. Press allowances onto facing and stitch close to joining seam.



STEP 7: TURN FACING TO INSIDE
Turn facing to inside. Baste edge, press. Hold inside facing edge at seam allowances of shoulder seams with a few stitches by hand.



STEP 8: SLEEVE VENT
Clip allowance at lower sleeve edge at markings close to seam line. Press allowance between clippings to inside, turn in, pin and stitch close to edge.



STEP 9: STITCH ON SLEEVES
Pin sleeve right sides together with armhole edge, matching markings 3. Match marking at top centre of sleeve with shoulder seam. Stitch. Backstitch to secure ends of stitching. Neaten allowances together and press toward sleeves.



STEP 10: SLEEVE SEAMS AND SIDE SEAMS
Lay front pieces right sides together with back. Fold sleeves lengthwise. Pin sleeve seams and side seams, pinning end of sleeve inset seams together. Stitch seams. Trim allowances, neaten together and press to one side.



STEP 11: GATHER SLEEVES
To gather lower sleeve edge, machine baste (longest stitch setting) 5 mm (3/16") to each side of marked seam line from * to *. Hold bobbin threads and slip the fabric together to length of cuffs between markings. Knot threads. Distribute gathers evenly.



STEP 12: STITCH ON CUFFS
Pin interfaced half of cuff right sides together with lower sleeve edge between markings (ends of vent) and stitch (seam number 8). Backstitch to secure ends of stitching.



STEP 13: CONSTRUCT BANDS
Fold cuff on fold line, right side facing in. Pin edges of integral bands each together to marking and stitch. Backstitch to secure ends of stitching. Trim allowances, trim corners at an angle.



STEP 14: SEW ON INSIDE EDGE OF CUFF
Turn bands and cuff. Baste edges, press. Turn in allowance at inside edge of cuff and pin at cuff joining seam. Stitch turned in edge along joining seam or sew by hand.



STEP 15: BAND / SIDE SEAMS / RIGHT SLIT
The band is doubled. Outside band: Lay one right and one left band on a back band piece. Pin side seams (seam number 5). Stitch left side seam. Stitch right side seam from upper edges down and from lower edges up each to slit mark. Backstitch to secure ends of stitching. Press allowances open. Inside band: Stitch side seams as on outside band, but leave slit open just the opposite.



STEP 16: STITCH ON OUTSIDE BAND 
Pin band right sides together with lower edge of front and back pieces, matching centers and side seams. Place slit at right side seam. Match markings with front edges, integral bands overhand. Stitch band. Press allowances onto band.



STEP 17: PEPLUM / SIDE SEAMS 
Lay two front peplum pieces right sides together with a back peplum piece each. Pin side seams and stitch (seam number 6). Press allowances open.



STEP 18: DOUBLE THE PEPLUM
Pin peplum pieces right sides facing. Stitch edges together as illustrated. Trim allowances to 5 mm (3/16"). Turn peplum. Press edges. Pin open edges together.



STEP 19: STITCH ON THE PEPLUM
Pin peplum right sides together with lower edge of outer band between markings (seam number 7), matching side seams. Stitch. Press allowances onto band.



STEP 20: INSIDE BAND
Pin inside band right sides together with outside band, matching side seams and slits. Pin edges of overhanging bands together, laying allowances at joining seams out ﬂ at again. Stitch bands together each to front edge of front and peplum. Trim allowances, trim corners at an angle. Turn band. Press edges. Turn in inside band, pin and stitch close to joining seams. Go on to topstitch bands all in one. Pin slit edges of right side seam together, stitch close to edges.



FINISHED!
 

        Posted in:                 Magazine 

 


A classic with a fresh twist: A wide tying band at the hem gives "this T-shirt" the option to adjust the fit close or let it slouch.



"These ankle-length trousers" sewn with a breezy cotton are so comfortable. They have a relaxed fit without a waistband, though with darts that underline the streamlined look. They are especially flattering for tall women.



Just the right look for a visual stretch of your legs. "These slim fit trousers"  have a narrow waist-band, slant pockets, small slits at the hem and a fit that also looks great styled with a pair of booties.



Quick to sew and a beautifully sophisticated look. Deep set-in sleeves and and a relaxed opening at the neckline are effective in making "this shirt wonderfully comfortable. The boxy cut is the perfect background for a printed fabric. 



Call it a long blouse, an ultra-light summer or morning coat, a beach cover up... "this kimono"  with the XL-patch pockets and a tying band that pulls through a casing in the back, is completely versatile. 



From the front, "this blouse"  has classic details like the standing collar and  hidden button placket. In back, the real showstopper is the crossover pleat that draws in the extra cool volume. The bonus is that any extra padding is tucked right away.



"The shirt dress 2.0." -! The button placket is on the backside – the front side is a smooth and flowing cut. 3/4- sleeves can be rolled and adjusted to comfort.



More elegant than a blouson and then much sportier than a little French jacket: "This collarless style" in a boule shape combines the hottest jacket looks of the season – get started right away!



It has the cut of a trench coat – storm flap, large patch pockets and a tying belt are true to style details –, though when sewn with the indigo blue linen "this style"  has a much softer appearance. It is unlined so it can also work on its own as a blouse and is washable, too. 



A truly delicate "blouse style"with a relaxed flare that is finished with flounces along the raglan sleeves and lower hem. The special surprise is on the backside: a deep V-neckline with a mini bow.
 

        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 
Images: © Sebastian Sunday & © Jan Schmiedel

MATERIALS:
+ Main purse fabric
+ Leather
+ Cotton fabric for lining
+ Thread
+ "Decovil Vlieseline" 
+ "Vliesofix Vlieseline"
+ Eyelets
+ Chalk
+ Pins
+ Sewing needle
+ Scissors
+ Pliers
+ Clips
+ "Patchwork ruler"
+ Link chain
+ Tape measure
+ Cutting mat
+ Hammer
+ Pattern template



Step 1: Cut out pieces with 1 cm seam allowance: bottom 1x in leather, 1x in cotton lining fabric. Then also cut rectangles: 58x6 cm in leather, 58x27 cm in outer fabric, and 58x17 cm in cotton fabric.

Step 2: Iron the 58x6 cm cut leather section with the Vliesofix onto the bottom edge of the outer fabric section (58 x 27 cm).



Step 3: Then topstitch the upper edge with the sewing machine.

Step 4: Stitch cotton fabric section (58 x 17 cm) right sides together at the upper edge of the outer fabric at 1 cm. Iron seam allowances on lining material and stitch.



Step 5: Cut the bottom part without seam allowance from Decovil and iron on the bottom part made of leather. Then stitch all around.

Step 6: Then close the side seams right sides together at 1 cm (Attention: see next step).



Step 7: To pull the bag through, leave an opening of approx. 10 cm in the lining.

Step 8: Both parts of the base (made of leather and cotton fabric) should be evenly attached / clipped right sides together around the lower "circles".



Step 9: Then stitch the two bottom parts at 1 cm around the circle part (then cut back the seam allowances to 0.5 cm).

Step 10: Turn the bag through the opening on the cotton lining fabric (Step 7) to the right side. Then sew the opening close by hand or machine.



Step 11: Measure 5 cm from the upper edge, iron and secure. Determine the position of the eyelets (mark them) and hammer them in evenly.

Step 12: Finally, thread the chain through the eyelets and use the pliers to close the link chain.



FINISHED! Fill this bag up with all your necessities and take it with you on your next outing.
 

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 


+ Terry velours fabrics in various colors
+ Light-coloured cotton fabric
+ Thread
+ Straight pins
+ Needle
+ Scissors
+ Thimble
+ Stufﬁng material
+ Pattern template 
Attention! Before cutting the patterns must be enlarged to 200 %.



Step 1: Cut out the following fabric pieces, adding 1 cm (3/8") wide SA: rainbow stripes, rainbow with clouds, rainbow without clouds, cut 1 each, on fold; clouds, cut 2. 

Step 2: Stitch the rainbow stripes together, in the correct order. Press all seam allowances up.



Step 3: Pin the striped rainbow unit to the rainbow piece with no clouds (cotton fabric). Stitch together, 0.5 cm (3/16") from all edges. 

Step 4: Pin the rainbow pattern to the rainbow and baste along the “cloud lines” with dark thread. The cloud lines can also be marked with a chalk pencil or vanishing marker.



Step 5: On upper edge of each cloud, baste along the seam line, between seam marks. Carefully clip seam allowances and press allowances to wrong side, between seam marks.

Step 6: Pin clouds to ends of rainbow, as marked, and sew pressed-under edges in place by hand.



Step 7: Trim ends of rainbow below clouds, leaving 1 cm (3/8") wide seam allowances. Remove basting threads, if needed. 

Step 8: Pin rainbow piece with clouds to rainbow, right sides facing. Stitch together, stitching 1 cm (3/8") from all edges and leaving an opening in the seam, for turning.



Step 9: Turn neck pillow right side out. Stuff with stufﬁng material. Sew seam opening closed by hand. 

Finished! Now your ready for your next vacation.             

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 


The asymmetric gather lends an extravagant drape to "this striped jersey shirt"  with a deep neckline that adds a sexy touch.



"This elegant blazer"  in a smoking jacket style is one you can wear to the office equally as well as to dinner. The collar neckline features a couture pleat detail and the buttons are made with a cover button kit.



"This coat" with its rounded collar and flap pockets along the seam panels has a classic look that is worthy of the extra effort. A beautiful detail: contrast color buttons. 



Such a "romantic look"  that gets extra depth from the ties at the cuffs instead of buttons. Buttons do also have their attention drawing feature here: they are coordinated into pairs.



"This faux two-piece dress" has the visual nuance effect of a blouse and skirt, though it is so much more sophisticated. The sleeves of the style include a fresh element of luxurious gathering and the wrapped look at the bodice stretches the figure beautifully.



How can you pep a jersey shirt? ...with some cool gathering! "These" are created here with sewn-in D-rings and a side tab to keep it all in place. 



Curves are highlighted in their best light with "this feminine cut"and contrast skirt panel. A small snap or a hand stitch at the neckline is enough keep from showing too much. Rather than a traditional attached cuff, this clever gathered sleeve detail artfully draws in the width.



            

        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 
             Refer to the "pattern’s store page"  for specific fabric yardage and notion requirements. Also remember to add seam allowance (you can either add to the paper pattern before cutting or to the fabric around the pattern… see below), further info and amounts can be found in the instructions PDF after purchase.





 STEP 1: CUT OUT THE FABRIC PIECES 
Fold the fabric in half lengthwise, right side facing in. Pin the paper pattern pieces to the fabric as shown in the cutting layout. Place pieces 4 and 6 at the fold. Use a hand gauge and chalk to mark the seam and hem allowances, 1.5 cm (5/8") for seams and 4 cm  (1 5/8") for hem and sleeve hem. Then measure and mark piece a with the ruler. Cut out all the fabric pieces.



 STEP 2: CUT THE INTERFACING
Fold the interfacing in half, adhesive side facing in. Fold piece 9 in half on the fold line. Pin on pieces 5, 6 and 9, pin piece 6 at the fold. Add 1.5 cm (5/8") seam allowance at edges. Also use a pencil and ruler to mark a strip of interfacing 3 cm (1 1/4") wide and the length of front crosswise seam plus 3 cm (1 1/4") allowance. Cut out the pieces. 



STEP 3: IRON ON THE INTERFACING
Use a damp cloth to iron interfacing on wrong fabric side over each area, do not slide the iron. Please read the manufacturer's instructions. Iron the strips of interfacing on front pocket opening edges as illustrated. Leave the pieces to cool to allow the interface to bond well with the fabric.



STEP 4: TRANSFER PATTERN MARKINGS
Fold back facing in half, right side facing in. Lay front pieces, front facings and welts each right sides together. Pin on paper pattern pieces again. Use dressmaker's carbon paper and a tracing wheel to transfer the pattern outlines (seam and hem lines), all other markings and centre front to the wrong side of the pieces. Follow the instructions included with the carbon paper. Use basting thread to transfer centre front and hem to the right fabric side. The snap fasteners will be marked later (see step 23).



STEP 5:  CUT OUT THE LINING PIECES 
Fold lining in half lengthwise, right side facing in. Pin on pieces 7, 8 and 10 to 13 as illustrated. Use tailor's chalk to mark 1.5 cm (5/8") seam and hem allowances round all edges. Cut out all the lining pieces. Use dressmaker's carbon paper to transfer the pattern outlines to the wrong side.



STEP 6:  STITCH FABRIC POCKET PIECES
Pin pocket pieces of top fabric right sides together with pocket joining edge of side front pieces and stitch from front edge to marking. Backstitch to secure ends of stitching. Press seam allowances open.



STEP 7:  WELTS
Fold welts on fold line, right side facing in. Stitch side edges (edge without seam number 1) together. Trim allowances. Turn welts, press. Baste long open edges together and pin to welt joining edge on front pieces (seam number 1). Match side edges of welts with markings.



STEP 8: STITCH ON WELTS AND POCKET LINING PIECES
Pin pocket lining pieces right sides together with pocket opening edges over welts. Stitch pocket pieces and welts. Do not stitch over allowance in front. Backstitch to secure ends of stitching. Clip fronts in corner close to line of stitching as illustrated (arrow). Do not cut into welt or pocket pieces.  Turn pocket pieces to inside. Lay welt up. Press.



STEP 9:  FRONT PANEL SEAMS
Lay front pieces with welts on outside of side front pieces so that pocket piece joining seams meet. Pin welts. Fold fronts as illustrated so that they lie right sides together with side front pieces. Pin panel seams (seam number 2), go on to pin pocket pieces together all in one. Stitch. 



STEP 10: CROSSWISE SEAMS
Then lay front pieces up and stitch crosswise seams next to edges of welts from side edge to marking (seam number 3). Backstitch to secure ends of stitching. Press allowances of panel seams onto fronts. Press allowances of crosswise seams down. Sew side edges of welt to side front with invisible stitches by hand.



STEP 11: CENTER BACK SEAM /STITCH ON YOKE
Lay back pieces right sides together. Stitch centre seam. Press allowances open. Pin yoke right sides together with back and front pieces (seam numbers 4 and 5). Stitch. Press allowances onto yoke.



STEP 12: FACINGS/ SHOULDER
Lay front facings right sides together with back facing and pin shoulder edges together. Stitch shoulder seams. Press allowances open.



STEP 13: STITCH FACING
Pin facing right sides together with front pieces and neckline edge, matching shoulder seams of facing with front yoke joining seams. Stitch facing, stitching at bottom on marked hem line. Trim allowances, clip curves close to stitching several times. Trim allowances at corners at an angle. Trim hem allowance to just 2 cm (3/4") before end of facing (arrow).



STEP 14: TURN FACING TO INSIDE / STITCH HEM
Turn facing to inside. Baste edges and press. Press hem allowance to inside, pin. Stitch hem loosely by hand, catching only 1 - 2 threads of coat fabric so that stitches are not visible on the right side of the garment.  Sew on inside facing edges at hem.



STEP 15: SLEEVES 
Lay under sleeve pieces right sides together with upper sleeves. Pin back sleeve seams (seam number 8), stitch. Press allowances open. Fold sleeves lengthwise, right facing side in. Pin front sleeve seams (seam number 7), stitch. Press allowances open.



STEP 16: SLEEVE FRILL
Fold sleeve frill piece right side facing in. Stitch narrow edges together. Neaten allowances and press open. Neaten lower back edge and press hem allowance to inside by 4 cm (15/8"). Stitch hem loosely by hand.



STEP 17: STITCH ON SLEEVE FRILL 
To gather upper frill edge, stitch two closely spaced lines of machine basting 7 mm (1/4") next to edge (stitch length 4 mm / a good 1/8"). Hold bobbin threads and slip fabric of frill together to ﬁ t width of sleeve. Knot threads, distribute gathers evenly. Pin frill right sides together with lower sleeve edge, matching seam with front sleeve seam. Stitch. Lay frill down. Press allowances onto sleeve.



STEP 18: SET IN SLEEVES
Pin sleeve right sides together with armhole edge. Three points are important for proper ﬁ t: Match markings 10 on sleeve and front. Match marking at sleeve cap with shoulder mark on yoke. Match marking on under sleeve with side seam. Baste and stitch sleeve from sleeve side. Press allowances at sleeve cap toward sleeves.



STEP 19: BACK LINING / EASE PLEAT 
Lay back pieces right sides facing. Stitch back edges together. Stitch on lines marked for ease pleat. Backstitch to secure ends of stitching. Press pleat to one side.



STEP 20: CONSTRUCT LINING
Stitch bust darts on fronts toward points of darts. Press darts down. Stitch yoke to front and back pieces. Press allowances of seams each onto yoke. Stitch side seams and sleeve seams. Press allowances to one side. Set in sleeve linings. Press allowance at lower lining edge and at lower sleeve edges to inside.



STEP 21: STITCH LINING TO FACING
Pin lining right sides together with facing (seam number 14). Match shoulder seams. Stitch lining, beginning and ending about 10 cm (4") above hem edge (arrow). Clip allowance of lining at back neck edge.



STEP 22: SEW ON LINING
Place lining inside coat with wrong sides facing. Place sleeve linings inside fabric sleeves. Press allowances of facing onto lining. Push up lower lining edge and sew on at hem by hand. Lay extra length of lining down like a small fold. Sew remaining lining edges on at front facing. Sew lower edge of sleeve linings on at allowances of frill joining seams by hand.



STEP 23: MARK THE SNAPS
The snap fasteners (x) are marked for size 36 on paper pattern piece 5. The bottom x is the same for all sizes. Move the top x for sizes 38 to 44 up according to the neckline. Space the other x evenly in between. Lay the paper pattern piece for all sizes on right front and use straight pins to mark the x on the fabric. Mark x on outside of left front (in centre front) likewise.



STEP 24: SEW ON THE SNAPS
Sew top halves of snaps to facing of right front, taking even stitches and exiting needle on right side of garment. Sew bottom halves of snaps on left front to match.



FINISHED!
 

        Posted in:                 Magazine 

 
Images: © Jan Schmiedel

MATERIALS:
+ Metallic Leather
+ Cotton
+ "Vliesofix Vlieseline"
+ Thread
+ Awl
+ Scissors
+ Pins
+ Twine
+ Clips
+ End caps
+ Tape measure
+ Pliers
+ Pen
+ Link chain
+ 2 split rings
+ Template



Step 1: Cut the cut piece 2 times without seam allowance from Vliesofix and iron on the left side of the leather. Then cut out both parts.

Step 2: Remove backing paper from the Vliesofix and iron both parts on the wrong side of the cotton fabric. Then cut out the pieces along the edges.



Step 3: Top stitch both pocket pieces at the top edge.

Step 4: For the two tabs, iron together 2 pieces of leather (approx. 0.5 x 4 cm) using Vliesofix and stitch on both sides with a short edge.



Step 5: Clip both parts wrong sides together, and fold the two tabs together and clip in approx. 1 cm from the top opening.

Step 6: Stitch side and bottom edges, also catching the tabs. The upper edge with the stitching from step 3 remains open.



Step 7: Hand-stitch the chain along the outer edge of the bag. It is best to first pierce holes with the sewing machine.

Step 8: Iron two pieces of leather (about 3 x 50 cm) together using Vliesofix. Then stitch at a distance of about 0.5 cm 3 times.



Step 9: Then cut out 3 strips of leather, each 6 mm wide and stitch 3 lines in the centers. Trim sides then firmly tie together at one end using twine.

Step 10: Now braid the 3 leather bands evenly and at the end knot them together again with yarn.



Step 11: Glue the caps to the two ends of the braided tape and attach the link chain (length approx. 25 cm each) with split rings to the tabs and end caps on both sides.



FINISHED!
 

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 


This colorful cactus pin cushion is just the right gift for sewing enthusiasts! And is ideal for using up felt remnants. 

Here how it's made:
Round cactus: Cut the small section 6x from green felt. Note: Add 0.5 cm seam allowance at the edge. Put pieces right sides together and sew at 0.5 cm, so that the seam allowance is outside. Then cut back to 0.3cm. When sewing: Leave a small hole on one side - by stuffing the cactus with filling cotton, sew the hole by hand. Cut the flower template 2x from colored felt (or fabric) and sew it to the cactus using embroidery thread and knot stitch. The big cactus is made in the same way as the little one, except that 4 cut pieces are sufficient and 3 flowers are sewn on it.



The flowers in the look vibrant and hold all needles together all year long without watering. With fabric scraps, filling wool and felt, they are quickly self-made.

The pincushion lower right consists of 12 leaves 3.5 x 6 cm. After cutting, round off the fabric rectangle at one end. Now stitch each 2 pieces pieces together around the long side edges and the curve (seam width 5 mm) leaving the bottom ends open. Now you can turn the "pockets" right side out and stuff them with stuffing. The flower center consists of a round piece of felt (diameter 4cm). Pin together the open edges of the leaves and stitch them side by side on the outside edge of the felt circle. The leaves should be outside. At the end, cover another button with the diameter of 4cm with a piece of fabric and sew it on the felt circle.



Sweet pincushions are created from empty hand cream cans! The future of empty cream pots can be so fulfilling: as delightful pincushions in different sizes. "Download the pattern here!" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/hand-cream-pin-cushions?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190320-QuickTipPinCushions-HandCream

Here how it's made:

Small pin cushion: Cut 2 circles, Ø 7.5 cm, from the fabric. Stitch circles right sides together (seam width 5 mm), leaving approx. 4 cm open for turning. Turn. Gently stuff pillow with stuffing, sew seam opening. Put the pillow in the small can.

Medium pincushion: Cut 2 circles, Ø 10.5 cm, from the fabric. Stitch circles right sides together(seam width 5 mm), leaving approx. 4 cm open for turning. Turn. Gently stuff pillow with stuffing, sew seam opening. From the middle, embroider the cushion with thick thread so that 8 "pieces of cake" are formed, and tighten the embroidery thread uniformly. Cover and sew on the button in the middle of the cushion and place in the can.

Large pillow: Cut out pieces A and B:  Part A (lateral part) 1x on the fold, part B (upper part) 5x all around with 5 mm wide seam allowances. In addition to the pieces, cut a circle Ø 11 cm. Stitch together all part B pieces to create a circle, always starting or ending 5 mm before the edges. Press seam allowances open. On piece A, stitch the short side seam right sides together and press open the seam allowance. To create the spikes, stitch the sewn B pieces to piece A along the jagged edges right sides together. Partially clip into the V's between the points. Stitch sewn pieces A & B to the bottom circle right sides together leaving a small opening. Turn to the right side and stuff with filling. Tip: Use a point turned to get those points nice and pointy! Stitching the opening together by hand and sew on the button by hand in the middle of the cushion. Place in large tin.



Which pin cushion style are you more likely to make?            

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 
Photos: © Jan Schmiedel

MATERIALS:
+ "Velvet"
+ Thread
+ Felt
+ "Liquid latex" 
+ Foam rubber
+ "Decovil I Vlieseline"
+ "Style Vil Vlieseline"
+ "Clips" 
+ Scissors
+ Pins
+ Plastic headed pins
+ Pattern template



Step 1: Cut small sole without seam allowance from Decovil, iron to the wrong side of the velvet fabric and cut with 2 cm seam allowance. Stitch around the curved edges by hand and pull in around Decovil and set aside.

Step 2: Also cut out the large sole from Decovil and iron on velvet. Cut the sole again from Style-Vil (foam) and fasten it by hand on the Decovil sole.



Step 3: Stitch and pull in basting threads to evenly ease around the edges so that the seam allowance lays inwards. Mark the flap placement with plastic head pins.

Step 4: Cut flap with 2 cm extra on right and left for seam allowances, and iron on Style-Vil and to the wrong side of the velvet. Add 2 cm seam allowance to the velvet at the top and bottom and sew inside by hand.



Step 5: Cut the flap again with 2 cm seam allowances out of the velvet, iron in the seam allowance, pin it from the wrong side of the flap in step 4 and sew all around.

Step 6: Clamp the large and small soles together on one side, insert the flap 2 cm in on one side and stitch around. Caution: leave an opening for the flap on the other side.



Step 7: Now put the flap 2 cm into the opening and sew it by hand.

Step 8: Cut out a large felt sole and press it against the slipper from the bottom. Sew all by hand with thread.



Step 9: Lastly, coat the sole with sole latex glue or emboss with sponge rubber and let dry. Repeat all steps for the other slipper.

FINISHED! Complete your indoor look with these loungewear patterns below:


top left: "Negligé" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/neglig%C3%A9-012019--2?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190301-DIYVelvetSlippers-Slip; top right: "Plus Size Bottoms" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/silk-pajama-bottoms-plus-size-012017?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190301-DIYVelvetSlippers-PJBottoms; bottom left: "Bra and Knickers Set" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/bralette-and-knickers-lingerie-set-122014?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190301-DIYVelvetSlippers-BraandKnickers; bottom right: "Robe" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/robe-122016?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190301-DIYVelvetSlippers-Robe

Happy DIYing!            

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 


Six darts on the front and two in back shape "the skirt"perfectly along the figure and draw the waist in. Sophisticated: a slit at the knee.



Bring a touch of 60s design into your wardrobe with "this asymmetric cropped jacket" : with the contrast color buttons in a horn look. The generous sleeves are drawn in at the hem with darts for a cool boule effect.



The wide sleeves and "the generous cut"  are especially flattering when sewn with the printed, lightweight and transparent viscose fabric. For more of a masculine look, sew it with a fine stripe shirting. 



Exact cuffs, inlaid pleats along the shoulder and a moderate V-neckline ... the cut of "this dress" :with the bias skirt panel looks good on paper, though the real power of the style is in the wonderfully printed crêpe in electric blue and black.



If you are looking for an easy project you can sew with a printed jersey and still be flattering, then "this style"  is the one. No darts and a bateau neckline make it ready to go.



The true partner to the animal print look is a casual trouser in a solid color fabric! "This pair" is a great choice and includes darts at the hem that, in combination with the sturdy  double jersey, draws in the relaxed volume.



"This knee-length coat"sewn with a fine and shimmering jacquard tiger print is one that is sure to pull all looks your direction whether worn for an elegant opera evening or totally relaxed over a T-shirt and jeans. For a classic look, sew button holes instead of tabs along the front edges or combine it with a tying belt of the same fabric.



"Here"  is your trendy alternative to jeans: extra-narrow trousers sewn in a bottle green imitation leather. If you would prefer a genuine (stretch) leather fabric, be sure to take the pattern to your leather outlet – the leathers can really vary in appearance!



Lush gathered raglan sleeves bring a modern element to the otherwise "classic blouse style" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/gathered-blouse-082019?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-bsa-bl-190805-WildThingCollection-102. 



You just can’t get enough of the animal print trend? "This style"with the elastic waist and relaxed cut sleeve agrees – the fabric has a patchwork look of various prints.

            

        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 


MIX AND MATCH: Wear it with an elegant dress or with track trousers: Long blousons work with every outfit!


left: Chanel (Chanel Photo by Stephane Cardinale - Corbis/Corbis via Getty Images); right: Fendi (Photo by Andreas Rentz/Getty Images)

From high-end fashion houses like Chanel all the way through newcomers like Maria Cornejo: Not often does a trend take on the full fashion spectrum. Blousons in maxi lengths were the common denominator for every catwalk of this season – and for good reason. The silhouette is markedly more feminine than the classic blouson look. The typical strong military detailing is set aside leaving freedom to add more fun and exciting features like drawstring casings (Maria Cornejo) and XL pockets (Fendi).


left: Zero + Maria Cornejo (Photo by Albert Urso/Getty Images); right: Zimmermann (Photo by Victor VIRGILE/Gamma-Rapho via Getty Images)

Also, a wider set of fabric choices add a great variety to the stylish makeover of this season. Traditional nylon fabrics are replaced with feminine tweed and bouclé (Chanel) and jacquard; tropical prints (Paul & Joe), patchwork eye-catchers (Zimmermann) and logo prints are the new normal. These fresh must-haves of the runway are the inspiration for our fashion look on the opposite page for you to sew your own style.




Style fresh: Rather than a collar of ribbed fabric, this version includes a V-neck with a casing.



Run with the athleisure style of the long blouson jacket and pair with bottoms like these "Stretch Trousers" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/stretch-trousers-122018?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190220-Blouson-StretchTrousers. Then you can really make the whole look pop with a pair of fashion sneakers!



Style this jacket with a printed dress "like this one" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/tunic-dress-062018?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190220-Blouson-TunicDress to pull in one color. Then dress it up with a fun pair of booties!



Take a fashion risk by paring the blouson jacket with a jumpsuit like our "Midi Jumpsuit".
 

        Posted in:                 New trends 

 


Topstitched and beaded flounces give "this style" with its sporty striped shirting fabric a breezy and fresh touch. The look is especially flattering for women with smaller bustlines. The flared sleeves look great while also adding a bit of comfortable coverage for the first warmer days of the season.



The half-length sleeves are an easy and comfortable choice for the fluctuating temperatures of the season. "The sporty blouse" includes a V-neckline and rather than structured panel seams, it has a tying belt – so you can choose to draw it close or let it drape more casually. 



"This style"  is an update on the business blouse. We kept the classic features like the button placket, turndown collar and a back yoke, then refreshed it with cropped sleeves that draw in the extra volume thanks to deep pleats at the cuff. A sophisticated and fresh look.



The perfect choice for even those that find blouses to be too “stuffy”. "This style"  in a fine silk does away with superfluous details and lets itself get the highlight from sophisticated gathering along the panel seams. 



Prints are very effective when sewn into "this straight-line shaped blouse". The gathers add extra swing to the pattern and the hem gathers at the sleeve ends are ideal for border prints.



Whether time at the office or a dinner is on the agenda "this ultra-feminine wrap blouse with the wide hem band and ties that cap the deeply set sleeves is one that works for (almost) every excursion.



"Knotted blouses"  are having a revival this season. They are a great choice to pair over close-fitting tops or dresses for an effortless fashion bridge of looking great and casual cool.



"This pretty blouse" in the popular paisley print is sure to quickly become a wardrobe favorite. Style it with jeans or with fine trousers to look great either way. The tying bands are secured into the side seams to let you adjust it to your figure.  



        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 
             Refer to the "pattern’s store page"  for specific fabric yardage and notion requirements. Also remember to add seam allowance (you can either add to the paper pattern before cutting or to the fabric around the pattern… see below), further info and amounts can be found in the instructions PDF after purchase.





STEP 1: CUT OUT THE FABRIC PIECES 
Fold the fabric in half lengthwise, right side facing in and matching the selvedges. Pin paper pattern pieces to the fabric as shown in the cutting layout. Lay pieces 1, 2, 4 + 6 on the fold. Use chalk to mark 1.5 cm (5/8") seam and hem allowances round all edges. Cut out the pieces on these lines.



STEP 2: THE INTERFACING
Fold interfacing in half, adhesive side facing in. Pin pieces 3 and 6 to interfacing. Pin piece 6 at the fold. Add 1.5 cm (5/8") seam allowances at edges of pattern pieces. Cut out pieces. Iron interfacing on wrong fabric side of facings. Fold back facing in half, right side in. Lay front facings right sides together. Pin on paper pattern pieces again.



STEP 3: TRANSFER PATTERN MARKINGS 
Use dressmaker's carbon paper and a tracing wheel to transfer the pattern outlines (seam and hem lines) and also the notches, asterisks and the centre front on piece 3 to the wrong side of the pieces. Follow the instructions included with the carbon paper. Use basting thread to mark centre front on right side of fabric.



STEP 4: SHOULDER SEAMS
Lay front right sides together with back. Pin and stitch shoulder seams.  Trim allowances to 7 mm (1/4"), neaten together and press onto back.



STEP 5: BACK BAND
Lay side back band pieces right sides together with centre back band. Stitch panel seams (seam number 2). Trim allow ances to 7 mm (1/4") and press open. Gather centre back band by stitching lines of machine basting 
(longest stitch setting) along upper and lower edge to each side of marked seam line. Pull all threads to inside. Pull bobbin threads to 10 cm (4"). Knot ends of thread. Distribute gathers evenly.



STEP 6: NECKLINE BAND, FACING /SHOULDER SEAMS
Lay two non-interfaced front band pieces each right sides together with back band. Stitch shoulder seams (seam number 3). Trim allowances and press open. Use the interfaced front bands as the facing: Lay front facings right sides together with back facing. Stitch shoulder seams (seam number 3). Trim allowances and press open.



STEP 7: CONSTRUCT NECKLINE BAND 
Pin facing right sides together with neckline band, matching shoulder seams. Stitch front and upper edges together. Trim allowances, trim corners at an angle, clip curves. Turn band right side out. Baste edges and press carefully, not pressing gathers ﬂ at. Topstitch close to edges. Pin lower edges of neckline band together. Pin right front band to left band, matching centers.



STEP 8: GATHER BACK OF BLOUSE 
Gather back between * by stitching lines of machine basting to each side of marked seam line. Pull bobbin threads to 10 cm (4") (length of centre back band). Knot ends. Distribute gathers evenly.



STEP 9: STITCH ON NECKLINE BAND 
Pin neckline band right sides together with neck edge, matching centers and shoulder seams. Stitch band. Trim allowances to 7 mm (1/4") and neaten together. Lay neckline band into neckline, press allow ances onto blouse. Topstitch blouse close to lower edge of neckline band.



STEP 10: SIDE SEAMS AND SLEEVE SEAMS
Lay front right sides together with back. Stitch side seams from upper edges to marking at beginning of underarm curve. Backstitch to secure ends of stitching. Fold sleeves lengthwise, right side facing in. Pin sleeve seams and stitch. Trim allowances, neaten together and press to one side.



STEP 11: HEM AND SLITS
First trim hem allowance to 7 mm (1/4") and then press completely to inside and pin, easing in extra width along the curve. Stitch a narrow hem. Trim allowances to 7 mm (1/4"), neaten together and press onto back. Press sleeve hem to inside, turn half in and pin. Stitch a narrow hem.



STEP 12: SET IN SLEEVES
Pin sleeves into armholes with right sides facing. Three points are important: Match sleeve seam with side seam. Match markings 7 on sleeve and front. Match marking at sleeve cap with shoulder seam. Baste and stitch sleeve. Trim allowances, neaten together and press toward sleeve at sleeve cap.



FINISHED!



        Posted in:                 Magazine 

 


"This dress"  with the V-neckline is sexy, yet wonderfully elegant. The sleeves are left unlined – for an alluring peek of skin, and the cuff bands are tied into sweet bows. 



Even sewing "this blouse" will put you in a great mood thanks to the on-trend tropical print fabric. For a festive occasion, you can choose to sew it in a vibrant shade of silk satin. 



As the temperatures start to rise, "these breezy and relaxed trousers"  sewn in an easy-care twill are great to have at your fingertips. The wide waistband lays close to the body and is attractive with tucked in tops, as well. 



"This cherry red blazer"  with its long and extended shawl collar is a look that brings you right into the limelight. The easy-care fabric keeps wrinkles at bay making it also a perfect choice for the travel case.



At first glance, an unadorned look. The details, however, speak for themselves. "The below the knee style" features stunning details like the topstitched fabric bands and a small slit in front.



"This blouse style" is incredibly elegant. An asymmetric collar and overcut shoulders drop to generous sleeves that end in cuffs finished with delicate, shiny buttons.   



A party look or a day in the office ... even a holiday style! "A trouser cut" that transitions well with a wide waistband to beautifully shape the figure and is sewn with a flowing viscose.  



"The classic black blazer" is refreshed this season with this soft blazer style and a shawl collar look. If the full trouser suit look is too much, combine the jacket with a pair of slim fit trousers or jeans.
            

        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 
All images: © Jan Schmiedel

+ Decorative cotton fabric
+ Lining fleece fabric (or cotton)
+ "Webbing" 
+ "Decovil" 
+ "Vliesofix"
+ Bias tape
+ Thread
+ Scissors
+ Pins
+ Ruler
+ Tape measure
+ Pattern / stencil



Step 1: Print stencil pieces of the side panel and make circular stencils: large circle radius 15 cm, small circle radius 12 cm.

Step 2: Cut the two circles from Decovil (without seam allowance) and iron on the wrong side of the printed decorative fabric.



Step 3: Then cut out both circles completely, each with 1 cm seam allowance.

Step 4: Iron both circles with cotton fabric using Vliesofix and also cut out.



Step 5: Then cut the two Decovil side panels (without seam allowance) and iron on the fabric back (seam allowance: lower edge 1 cm, side each 2 cm).

Step 6: Then cut out the fabric with the seam allowance on both side panels (note: no seam allowance at the top).



Step 7: Use Vliesofix to iron the cotton lining on the wrong side of the fabric (on both sides).

Step 8: Stitch the side seams at 2 cm right sides together. Then iron the seam allowances at 1 cm and secure.



Step 9: Topstitch on either side of the side seam securing the seam allowance down in place.

Step 10: Now pin the bias binding to the upper edges of the two circles right sides together.



Step 11: Then stitch along the bias binding at 0.5 cm all around.

Step 12: Iron the bias binding inwards around the edge and pin in place. Then stitch around the outside in the seam groove (stitch in the ditch).



Step 13: Both parts of the base pieces should be pinned evenly around the side panels, right sides together.

Step 14: Then stitch the bottom base at about 0.9 cm. Afterwards, finish the seam allowances together all around with bias binding.



Step 15: Finally, cut the straps/webbing to the desired length and sew them to the upper edge of the two baskets.

FINISHED! Tidy up and fill with your crafting items.

Need something to knit with your newly organized supplies? Check out these popular knitting patterns below:


Happy DIYing!             

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 


Lay the back pieces right sides up.



"This pattern" has a little notch to indicate the bottom of the zipper. When adding the seam allowance, make sure to keep this different in center back edges!



Cut two small squares each 1 5/8" x 1 5/8" out of lining. Use a matching colored lining, I used a darker color so you can see it better in pictures!



Pin each lining square matching up the corners of the back edge with the square.



This is right sides together with the skirt.



Using a fabric marking pen (this one disappears with heat) to mark the seam allowances onto the lining/facings. Mark 5/8" down from the notch and 5/8" from the upper/zipper back edge.



Stitch from the seam allowance line to the back edge.



Backstitch at the edges.



Stitch each side.



Then clip into each corner right to the seamline.



Flip each facing to the wrong side and give a good press - this will also make the markings go away.



View from the wrong side.



Also press in the allowance (to the wrong side) above the notch where the zipper gets stitched to.



Flip back up the facings/linings and pin the lower half of the center back seam below the zipper - pinning from the end of the facings/linings to the hem of the skirt.



View of the full seam.



Starting at the top of the seam (lower edge of facing/linings) stitch to the hem of the skirt at 5/8" seam allowance.



Press the entire seam allowance open and flip down the facing on the wrong side.



Secure with a pin to keep down in place and then flip over to the right side.



Pin the press side allowance to the zipper tape and match up the finished lower edge of the slit with the bottom of the zipper stop.



Working from the right side stitch about 1/8" from the pressed edge starting at the top.



Pivot at the base.



Then stitch up the other side of the zipper.



View of the bottom of the zipper!



Depending on the pattern the waistband/waist facing will be sewed up before or after zipper installation.



View from the wrong side: If you have a lining, stitch the lining from the skirt hem to the end of the zipper and press allowances to the wrong side for the zipper opening and hand stitching around the zipper from the wrong side.



        Posted in:                 How-To 

 


For an ultra-feminine  and elegant entrance, choose this dress with the narrow skirt. The pocket flaps and the tabbed sleeves relax the look. The belt shapes the typical hourglass figure that was a popular look for Grace Kelly.



As the deﬁnition of feminine fashion in most of the 50s included wide petticoats and narrow pencil skirts, the shift at the end of the decade embraced more utilitarian elements. In 1957, the year that our retro look highlights here, the world was beginning to explore new spaces and enjoy economic prosperity. Fashion was beginning to turn toward practical, without losing the feminine vibe. Hand-bags took on a greater role as a function-al necessity to a full day as it was the place to keep everything you needed during the day close at hand and in style.



Today, "this vintage dress"  is certainly in the utility style of fashion. One that is not only chic, but ﬁrst and foremost, practical. And practical was important from 1957 on, as countries were seeking new horizons and people discovered new frontiers. 

"This dress shows feminine and function as one."



Elevate the style of this dress instantly with a strappy pair of heels and an easy cozy cardigan cat "like this one" 


Bring out the bright color of this dress with a matching "coat with piping"  and then really amp up the look with colorful shoes. 



Indulge in other decades by pairing with an oversized faux fur coat "like this one and some edgy black booties.



Or go the vest route and layer over a fun "fur waistcoat" and matching white boots to make the dress color really pop!
 

        Posted in:                 New trends 

 
             Refer to the "pattern’s store page"  for specific fabric yardage and notion requirements. Also remember to add seam allowance (you can either add to the paper pattern before cutting or to the fabric around the pattern… see below), further info and amounts can be found in the instructions PDF after purchase.





STEP 1: CUT FABRIC PIECES
Fold the fabric in half lengthwise, right side facing in and matching the selvedges. Pin the paper pattern pieces to the fabric as shown in the cutting layout. Use a ruler and chalk to mark the seam and hem allowances: 1.5 cm (5/8") for seams and edges, 3.5 cm (1 1/2") for hem and sleeve hem. Then use a ruler to mark the pieces to be cut to measure (a, b) from the fabric fold and mark with chalk. Cut out all the fabric pieces.



STEP 2: TRANSFER PATTERN MARKINGS 
Use dressmaker's carbon paper and a tracing wheel to transfer the pattern outlines (seam and hem lines) and also the seam marks (notches) to the wrong side of the pieces. Follow the instructions included with the carbon paper. Use basting thread along lines for casing on back piece to transfer these lines to the right fabric side.



STEP 3: TIPS ON STRETCH FABRICS 
To retain the elasticity of the fabric, stitch seams on stretch fabric with a narrow zigzag stitch. Neaten allowances with an overlock stitch or with a zigzag stitch.



STEP 4: STITCH TOGETHER FRONT AND BACK
Pin front bands right sides together with front (seam number 1) and stitch. Then stitch front yokes to bands likewise (seam number 2). Stitch back bands and yokes to back (seam number 3 und 4). Trim allowances to 7 mm (1/4") and neaten together. Press all allowances up.



STEP 5:  SHOULDER SEAMS / NECKLINE BAND 
Lay front right sides together with back. Pin shoulder seams (seam number 5) and stitch. Trim allowances to 7 mm (1/4"), neaten together and press onto back. Stitch ends of neckline band piece together 1.5 cm (5/8") wide, right side facing in (= centre back seam). Trim allowances and press open. 



STEP 6: PREPARE NECKLINE BAND
Fold neckline band in half widthwise, wrong side in. Press fold edge lightly, then unfold and mark centre front. Mark eyelets spaced 3 cm (1 1/4") to each side of centre front and 1.5 cm (5/8") from fold. Follow manufacturer's instructions to attach eyelets. Fold neckline band in half again, pin open edges together.



STEP 7: STITCH ON NECKLINE BAND
Use a straight pin to mark centre of neckline on front and back. Pin neckline band (a) to edge of neckline, matching centers and with eyelets lying on front to each side of centre. Stitch neckline band slightly stretched to ﬁ t. Trim allowances to 7 mm (1/4") and neaten together. Lay neckline band up, press allowances onto front and back.



STEP 8: STITCH ON SLEEVES
Pin sleeves right sides together with armhole edges. Two points are important: Match marking at top centre of sleeve with shoulder seam. Match markings 6 on sleeve and front. Stitch sleeves. Trim allowances, neaten together and press toward sleeves.



STEP 9: SLEEVE SEAMS AND SIDE SEAMS
Lay front right sides together with back. Fold sleeves lengthwise, right side facing in. Now ﬁrst pin ends of sleeve inset seams together. Then pin and stitch sleeve seams and side seams. Trim allowances, neaten together and press onto front.



STEP 10: BACK DRAWSTRING CASING
Neaten casing strip (b) round all edges.  Now ﬁrst press ends to inside by 1.5 cm (5/8") and then long edges. Pin casing strip to back piece at abutting lines so that it ends at side seams. Stitch casing strip close to top and bottom edges. Backstitch to secure ends of stitching.



STEP 11: STITCH HEM 
Neaten hem allowance and turn to inside, baste. Press edge, pressing extra width at curves ﬂ at. Topstitch lower edge of garment 3 cm (11/4") wide. To keep the edge stretchy, use a twin ma-chine needle for topstitching. You will need two spools of thread. Stitch from the right fabric side with two upper threads and one bobbin thread. The upper threads form parallel lines of stitching. The bobbin thread forms a line of zigzag stitch-ing. Stitch sleeve hems likewise.



STEP 12: INSERT DRAWSTRING
Cut 1.00 m (about 40") of 3 cm (1 1/4") wide cotton tape. Turn in ends twice and stitch to prevent them from fraying. Use a safety pin as a bodkin to insert tape at neckline through eyelets. Insert remainder of tape into back casing. Turn in ends, stitch.



FINISHED!



        Posted in:                 Magazine 

 


"This knee-length tunic"  with V-neckline and cropped sleeves is a casual and oh-so elegant choice. When the full length button placket in back is closed, this style can also be worn as a lightweight summer dress.



"The anorak" is back – this season in a feminine pink with sporty details like topstitched fabric bands, a robust zipper in front and elastic at the back hem and cut details that emphasize the boule shape. 



"This blouse" is sewn in silk and relaxed to the max. The uncomplicated cut lets a good print be a great highlight. The slight standing collar is very flattering and pleats in the back give plenty of room to move. 



"This relaxed fit shirt" with the rounded neckline is a look that works every time. It look as great with jeans as it does with a skirt!



Belt bags are an absolute must-have this season. "This A-line skirt" adds the feature right into the look. Topstitched seams emphasize the safari style. This belt with the hanging mini pocket – you can easily omit this stylish add-on if you would like.



Dresses can be cool, too – as "this dress"  can confirm in the trendy utility look. Contrast bands and a belt accent the sporty style. Alternatively, wear this as a long blouse paired with narrow trousers.



"A fresh twist"  on the classic safari jacket. 3/4-sleeves get  an XL-tab at the sleeve hem and the mini storm flap is much more feminine than the original. The turn down collar, flap pockets and buttons in a horn style finish stay true to the original. 



The sand colored cotton stretch fabric gives "these elegant Marlene trousers"  with the cuffed hem and deep slant pockets a modern nod. They stay close to the waist without a bulky waistband.
            

        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 


"This soft yellow dress" with the V-neckline is so feminine. The waistline band is an elastic smocked skirt panel section that adds an interesting and comfortable faux two-piece effect. 



"This T-shirt" with the rounded neckline and knotted sleeves is so much more than a wardrobe basic – yet it is one that you will reach for time and again.



A look that has the sophistication of a blazer and the breeziness of a blouse. For summer business days, "this unlined style" : with the tying belt and sleeves that can casually roll with inner tabs is one we love. 



This is a beautiful look to show some skin without baring it all thanks to a "plunging V-neckline"  in front and back. A fabric band between the shoulders keeps the neckline in place from the back. 



"This trouser style"  is a classic with a high cut pleated waist and slant pockets. A delicate pink viscose crêpe is incredibly ladylike – and has the added benefit of making them possible to toss in the washing machine.



The flowing silk crêpe used for "this dress" feels wonderfully smooth against your skin. The pattern in cut on the bias – also the lower skirt panel – for a beautiful and dreamy drape.



Fresh and perfectly dressed with "this dress" featuring gathers and wide straps. For a figure-flattering accent on the wrap detail, wear a belt to draw extra attention at the waistline. 



From the front, everything is per usual – in back you catch the swing of the snazzy yoke flounce. High side slits make "this blouse" perfect to wear over trousers or skirts.



        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 
All images: © Jan Schmiedel



+ Velvet
+ Cotton
+ Metallic leather
+ "Decovil light"
+ "Vliesofix" 
+ Zipper 20 cm long
+ Thread
+ Chalk
+ Pins
+ Hand sewing needle
+ Pins
+ Tape measure
+ Velvet ribbon (optional: for the strap)
+ Scissors
+ "Leather Glue" 
+ "Clips"
+ Ruler
+ Template



Step 1: Cut the middle-sized circle twice from Decovil and iron to the wrong side of the velvet fabric. Then iron and cut 2 large circles of Vliesofix.



Step 2: Then iron the cotton fabric. To pull in the edges, hand stitch basting stitches along the edge and pull it in evenly towards the cotton side so that the seam allowance lay inwards. Do this for each circle.



Step 3: Evenly sew one side of the zipper with a zipper foot evenly along half of the round circle. Make sure the zipper teeth are close to the folded edge of the circle, then open the zipper and sew to the second half (other circle) of the small bag.



Step 4: Cut ears (small circle) twice from Decovil, then iron to the wrong side of the velvet fabric. Then mark the notches.



Step 5: Place dotted cotton fabric right sides together and stitch around, along the Decovil between the notches



Step 6: Just cut back the seam allowance along the seam and turn both ears to the right side. Then topstitch around the circle close to the edges starting and stopping at the notches.



Step 7: Place both ears at each end of the zipper and using clips bring two larger circle together - sandwiching the ears in-between the two purse pieces. If you like, you can add a velvet ribbon as a strap to the top. Then topstitch along the curve to put everything together. 



Step 8: Cut leather (about 20 x 12 cm) and fold in the long edges, then the other smaller edge and sew by hand.



Step 9: Cut leather strips (3 x 9 cm). Coat with leather glue on both sides and fold into the middle.



Step 10: Then place the glued-in leather strip around the loop from step 8, fasten with clips and sew by hand. Finally sew on the bag.



FINISHED!



Fill with all your small goodies and take out on the town!
 

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 


The clean lines of "this shirt"  are sure to draw positive attention. Its bateau neckline has a slightly deeper neckline in back, though it is still a style that can be easily worn with a brassiere. To keep the shoulders from dropping, a narrow fabric band connects the shoulders.



"An elegant shift dress"  with sporty details. The fabric bands at the waist fasten together and lay toward the bodice. Raglan sleeves shape the shoulders beautifully and cover the upper arms in ladylike fashion. 



"This is a style" :that you likely don't already have in your wardrobe closet. Overlapping trouser panels drape in front for a playful kick to the hem. They flutter with every step, swaying sensationally around legs. The narrow hip band is beautifully subtle to keep the focus on the exaggerated trouser legs.



A banded collar and the halter neckline gives "this style"  a nod to the classic sophisticated tops from the 60s. Extend the length of the pattern to sew a sexy mini or midi dress for hot summer night parties.



"These narrow fit trousers"  shape beautifully along the yoke sewn in a comfortable stretch fabric. An extra feminine detail: The attached hem bands that tie in bows at the sides.



A lightweight topper for cool evenings or as a modern blazer look. "The blouson"  is sewn in a fine satin and is drawn toward the waist with an elastic casing and a tied bow to keep it closed.



"This halter style swimsuit"  is an elegant style for the pool or the beach. The plunging neckline is decorated with a mini bow. Panel seams help this style follow the figure. The bodice of the swimsuit is doubled with a white fabric for an interesting accent with the tie. This look can also work for a sunset meet-up worn as a bodysuit paired with a summer skirt. 



So cool: "A narrow-fit skirt" with trench coat details! Horn buttons and a fold-over collar at the waistband are two fun features. Style it best with tops and t-shirts that fit close to the body.



"This tunic" shows how elegant a striped shirting fabric can be. The attached fabric bands shift between horizontal and vertical – and the addition of piping sets it in focus.



The ladylike look of a skirt and the practical sense of shorts. "These shorts" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/high-waisted-shorts-072019?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-190715-HighClassCollection-107B are sewn with a royal blue crêpe and feature pleats that open toward the waist and the hem for sensational volume.



"This deep blue linen shirt" with its plastron and mother of pearl buttons is all about relaxed comfort. The sleeves are finished with a meticulous cuff hem that leaves enough width so that they can also be casually rolled.



"This charming dress" is so cheerful in a vibrant pink poplin. A wide ruffle is sewn into the side panel seam – it would also be a great accent in a contrast color. 



An elaborately finished scallop hem decorates "this cropped top"- with the rounded neckline.



"This"  is sure to be a new wardrobe favorite for the youngsters. A charming scallop trims the hems. They aren't only cute, though, as they are also quite comfy with the elastic casing in the back waistband.



"A sweet swimsuit"sewn in the dotted fabric and with mini ruffles along the straps and neckline.
 

        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 

 
+ Cotton (100 x 40 cm)
+ "Decovil (Vlieseline)
+ Ribbon tape or bias binding both 1.5 cm and 2.5 cm wide
+ 2 Zippers each 25 mm long
+ Thread
+ Pins
+ Hand sewing needle
+ Patchwork ruler
+ Tape measure
+ Pen 
+ Chalk 
+ "Grommet" 
+ Scissors
+ Hammer
+ Instructions 



Outfit planning for the month? Put everything on one hanger and all your accessories in the zippers pouches of this "hanger organizer"



Then simply place over your hanger through the grommet!



Fill with everything from socks to underwear, and even makes a fabulous little gift for men to keep organized.



Make a bunch in different fabrics and patterns to brighten up your closet and use up fabric scraps - but have even ore fabric scraps? Try these hanger covers below...



For a pattern, place the hanger on paper and add 1.5 cm (fullness and seam allowance) all around. Cut cover pieces 2x from fabric and 2x from "fusible batting" Iron volume fleece to the wrong side of the fabric pieces then mark the center at the upper and lower edge of the cover. Pin pieces right sides together and sew along the upper edge, one end and the middle at the lower edge (seam width 7 mm), leaving approx. 5 mm open at the upper edge in the middle for the hook. Flip to the right side. Slide the hanger into the cover, pushing the hook through the opening. The remaining open reference edges are sewn together by hand.

Happy DIYing!            

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 


"Cargo trousers" for the office are a go when they are like these in a delicate pink twill. Faux flap pockets as well as a belt and bands with D-rings at the waist and hem are true-to-style details.



The shimmering bands along the sleeves have the effect of a bolero style for the bodice. "The swinging skirt"  panel makes it a seasonal piece that can also work beautifully in autumn with a pair of shaft boots.



Wear this look with a pair of red trousers or with black for a more relaxed look. "This blouse" : features the peplum highlight and perfectly proportioned puff sleeves for a look that works for every fashion mood. 



"This fine silk shirt"  is so cool. The 80s details like overcut shoulders and deep-set sleeves are sure to draw appreciative glances your way. 



"This A-line skirt"  style has an elegant look thanks to the panel seams with the flounce inserts. Add an extra eye-catching effect to the look with a touch of color to the godets.



As a break in style worn under the thick cardigan or as shown here with a sexy pencil skirt, "this basic top"  is so flexible (and so quick to sew!) that we recommend to sew it in many colors and prints.



So stylish! "This well-fitted blazer"  features a contrast color button and rather than a lapel, a diagonal stitched pleat.



The cut of "this shirt"  is pure in its lines – then you get a glint with the glamorous strips of sequin accent along the shoulders and the sleeves. If you don't prefer the sparkle, simply switch the strips for a crêpe in contrast color.



Red and leather – always an exciting combination. "The skirt"with figure-shaping darts and front slit detail shows its contemporary update.



The relaxed cut of "this jacket"with its asymmetric front and darts in the sleeves is perfect for the first cool days. It is lined – this keeps the rough weave knit in shape for lots of wear.



"This shirt" is sewn with a semi-transparent burnout fabric for a look that is simple, though quite impressive. A skin tone slip shirt worn underneath can work well, too.              

        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 
Photos by: ©Jan Schmiedel



+ Leather
+ Cotton
+ "Vliesofix"
+ 1 Zipper
+ "Transparent paper" :
+ Pen
+ Thread
+ "Clips" 
+ Hand sewing needle
+ Ruler
+ Tape measure
+ Scissors
+ Pattern 



Step 1: Cut cut pieces with all around 0.7 cm seam allowance in the cotton fabric: cut 1 of A (lower part), 2 of B (side part) - here at the zipper edge without seam allowance, 1 of C (head).

Step 2: Iron golden leather with Vliesofix and cut the ears twice (section D) with 0.7 cm seam allowance at the lower edge, at the side at the rounding without seam allowance.



Step 3: Remove paper from the Vliesofix and iron the two ears with golden leather. Cut off overhanging leather.

Step 4: Stitch around both ears close to edge.



Step 5: Iron the cut pieces from Step 1 (1 of A, 2 of B, 1 of C) on the wrong side of the fabric with Vliesofix. Peel off paper and iron the parts on the back of the leather.

Step 6: Cut out all cut pieces along the cotton edge.



Step 7: Strap: Cut out 0.8 x 38 cm from Vliesofix and iron on leather. Remove paper, iron and cut leather.

Step 8: Then stitch the strap on both sides close to the edges.



Step 9: Iron black leather with Vliesofix, mark and cut out the eyes. Use tracing paper over top to iron eyes to the position on the face.

Step 10: Stitch around both eyes.



Step 11: Open zipper and stitch one side from the top using a zipper foot.

Step 12: Keep the zipper open and sew the second side of the zipper in the same manner.



Step 13: Carefully cut both ears down 0.3 cm. This is how to better fit the rounded edge of the head (C).

Step 14: Clamp both ears to the headboard and stitch at 0.7 cm.



Step 15: Stitch the face ( C ) on the right side of the body (pattern pieces B with the zipper sewn in). Lay the face forward and stitch the seam from the right edge.

Step 16: Fold the strap in the center of the loop and stitch it on the right (bottom right) to the bottom (A).



Step 17: Finally, clasp the bottom (A) right sides together on the mouse (B and C) and stitch all around. Leave zipper open for turning.

FINISHED! Now fill your little bag with all your small or large cosmetics depending on the size.            

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 
             Refer to "the pattern’s store page here"  for specific fabric yardage and notion requirements. Also remember to add seam allowance (you can either add to the paper pattern before cutting or to the fabric around the pattern… see below), further info and amounts can be found in the instructions PDF after purchase.





Step 1: CUT FABRIC PIECES
Fold fabric in half lengthwise, right side  facing in. Pin paper pattern pieces to the fabric as shown in cutting  layout, laying pieces 1, 2, and 5 on the fabric fold. With a ruler and tailor’s chalk, mark the seam allowances, as follows: 1.5 cm (5/8") at all seams and edges. Draw the measured pieces directly on the fabric. Cut out all fabric pieces.



Step 2: TRANSFER PATTERN MARKINGS TO THE FABRIC
On all fabric pieces, use dressmaker’s carbon  paper and a tracing wheel to transfer the pattern outlines (seam and hem lines) and all other  pattern markings to the wrong side of the fabric. Follow the instructions included with the carbon paper. Hand baste along pocket placement lines on front and also the fold line and centre front on the hood to make these visible on the right side of the fabric. Mark eyelet insertion positions with pencil dots on the right side of the fabric. 



Step 3: TIPS FOR WORKING WITH STRETCH FABRICS
When working with stretch fabrics, the best  results will be achieved with a serger/ overlock machine. These seams will be especially elastic so that they don't tear during wearing. If you don't have a serger/ overlock machine, stitch seams with a special stretch stitch or with a narrow zigzag stitch. Make sure that the thread tension is not set too tight.



Step 4: POCKET
Finish all edges of the pocket piece, except the lower edge. On each pocket opening edge, fold the allowance to the wrong side, baste in place, and press. Topstitch 1.3 cm (_") from the pocket opening edges. Then press the allowances on upper and side edges to the wrong side. Pin pocket to front piece, to meet marked placement lines. Edge stitch upper and side edges of pocket in place, tying off ends of seams with backstitching. Baste lower pocket edge in place.



Step 5:  SIDE SEAMS / SLEEVE SEAMS 
Lay front piece on back piece, right sides facing. Pin side seams then stitch as pinned. Fold each sleeve lengthwise, right side facing in. Pin and stitch sleeve seams. At each seam, trim allowances to 7 mm (_") wide, ﬁnish edges of allowances together, and press allowances to one side.



Step 6: WRIST BANDS
Fold each wrist band piece in half, right side facing in. Stitch ends together. Press seam open. Fold wrist band in half lengthwise, wrong side facing in. Pin attachment edges together. Pin wrist band to lower edge of sleeve, stretched as needed, matching wrist band seam to sleeve seam. Stitch wrist band to sleeve. Trim seam allowances, and ﬁnish edges of allowances  together. Turn wrist band down.



Step 7: SET IN SLEEVES
Lay each sleeve on armhole edge, right sides facing. Pin sleeve seam and side seam together. Pin remaining sleeve edge to armhole edge, matching seam marks 4 on sleeve and front piece. Stitch sleeve in place. Trim seam allowances to 1 cm (3/8") wide, ﬁnish edges of allowances together, and press allowances toward sleeve. Topstitch the sleeve, 7 mm (_") from the seam, thereby catching the seam allowances.



Step 8: HEM BAND
Stitch ends of hem band piece together to form a ring. Press seam open. Fold hem band in half lengthwise, wrong side facing in. Pin attachment edges together. With a straight pin, mark a point exactly opposite the seam. Pin hem band to lower edge of hoodie, right sides facing, stretch-ing hem band slightly and matching seam and straight pin to the side seams. Stitch hem band in place. Trim allowances to 7 mm (_") wide and ﬁnish edges together. Turn hem band down. 



Step 9: SEW THE HOOD
Lay hood pieces together, right sides facing. Pin, then stitch the centre seam. Press seam  allowances to one side. Trim the lower allowance to 5 mm (3/16") wide. Turn the edge of the upper allowance under and pin it in place. Edge stitch this allowance in place. Insert eyelets in front edge of hood as marked, following the manufacturer's instructions and catching small pieces of fabric on the wrong side of the hood, to prevent the eyelets from tearing the fabric. Trim the  edges of these fabric pieces, close to the eyelets.



Step 10: SEW THE HOOD
Fold the self-facing on the front edge of the hood to the inside, along the marked fold line, turn the raw edge under, and baste the self-facing in place for a ﬁnished width of 2 cm (_"). Edge stitch the self-facing in place. Pin the left front hood edge to the right front hood edge, matching the centre fronts. Baste the lower edges together.



Step 11: ATTACH THE HOOD
Mark the centers of the front and back neck edges of the sweatshirt with straight pins. Pin the hood to the neck edge, right sides facing, matching the centers and matching the seam marks on the hood to the seam marks on the sleeves. Stitch hood in place. Finish edges of seam allowances together and press allowances down. Topstitch the sweatshirt 7 mm (_") from the hood attachment seam, thereby catching the allowances.



Step 12: CORD
Wrap adhesive tape tightly around one cord end. Slide this end of the cord through one eyelet, along the front edge of the hood, and out through the second eyelet. Trim away the end with the adhesive tape. Knot cord ends.



FINISHED!
 

        Posted in:                 Magazine 

 
             Refer to the pattern’s store page for specific fabric yardage and notion requirements. Also remember to add seam allowance (you can either add to the paper pattern before cutting or to the fabric around the pattern… see below), further info and amounts can be found in the instructions PDF after purchase.





STEP 1:  CUT OUT FABRIC PIECES
First mark the centre of the fabric, between the selvages. Then fold the selvages to the marked centre, right fabric side facing in. Pin pattern pieces 1 and 2 to the fabric, on the folds. With a ruler and tailor’s chalk, mark the seam and hem allowances, as follows: 2 cm (_") for the hem and sleeve hem and 1.5 cm (5/8") at all other seams and edges. Fold the remaining fabric in half lengthwise, right side facing in. Pin pattern pieces 3, 4, and 5 in place as shown. Add seam and hem allowances. Cut out fabric pieces.



STEP 2: INTERFACING
Fold edges of interfacing to centre as illustrated, adhesive side facing in. Pin  pattern pieces 4 and 5 to the fabric, on the folds. Add 1.5 cm (5/8") wide seam allowances. Cut out pieces. Iron interfacing pieces to wrong sides of facing  pieces. Fold interfaced pieces in half again, right side facing in, and pin pattern pieces in place again.



STEP 3: TRANSFER PATTERN MARKINGS 
On all fabric pieces, use dressmaker’s carbon paper and a tracing wheel to transfer the pattern outlines (seam and hem lines) and also the seam marks and shirring lines to the wrong side of the fabric. Follow the instructions included with the carbon paper. 



STEP 4: TIPS FOR SEWING JERSEY 
When sewing fine knit fabrics, use a special machine needle for stretch or jersey fabrics. These needles have rounded points which won't damage knit fabrics. To maintain the elasticity of the fabric, stitch seams with a narrow zigzag stitch. Stitch hem and seam allowances in place with a twin machine needle (see also Step 11). Finish the  edges of seam allowances with an overlock stitch or zigzag stitch.



STEP 5: ELASTIC SHIRRING
Working from the wrong sides of the front and back pieces, zigzag stitch over elastic thread, along marked lines. Please note: The zigzag stitch should be as narrow as possible without catching the elastic thread. It must remain  possible to pull the elastic thread. Then stitch two more rows of shirring, spaced 1.8 cm (_") apart. Leave threads hanging on the side edges.



STEP 6:  SHOULDER SEAMS 
Lay front piece on back piece, right sides facing. Pin shoulder seams, matching seam number (1). Stitch seams as pinned. Tie-off ends of seams with backstitching. Finish edges of seam allowances and press seams open.



STEP 7: NECK EDGE /FACING
Lay the front facing piece on back facing piece, right sides together. Pin shoulder edges together. Stitch shoulder seams. Press seams open. Finish the outer facing edge. Pin the facing to the neck edge, right sides together, matching the shoulder seams. Stitch the facing in place. Trim the seam allowances. Clip the allowances along the curves. At center front, clip the allowances close to the stitching (arrow). 



STEP 8: TURN FACING TO INSIDE 
Turn the facing to the inside. Baste the seamed edge and press. Topstitch 2 cm (_") from the neck edge, thereby catching the facing.



STEP 9: SIDE SEAMS / SLEEVE SEAMS 
Lay the front piece on the back piece, right sides facing. Pin, then stitch the side seams,  making sure to not catch the elastic threads. Fold each sleeve lengthwise, right side facing in. Pin, then stitch the sleeve seams. At each seam, trim the seam allowances to 7 mm (_") wide, ﬁnish the edges of the allowances together, and press the allowances to one side.



STEP 10: SET IN SLEEVES
Pin each sleeve to armhole edge, right sides facing. The seam marks (4) on sleeve and front piece must match. The sleeve seam and side seam must match. The seam mark on the sleeve cap must meet the shoulder seam. Baste, then stitch the sleeve in place. Trim seam allowances and ﬁnish edges of allowances together. In the area of the sleeve cap, press allowances toward the sleeve.



STEP 11: HEM / SLEEVE HEMS
Finish the lower edge. Press the hem  allowance to the wrong side and pin in place. Attach the twin needle to the machine. Thread the needle with threads from two spools. Work from the outer side and use the twin needle to stitch 1.5 cm (5/8") from the lower edge with two upper threads and one bobbin thread. The bobbin thread forms zigzag stitches, to maintain the elasticity of the fabric.



STEP 12: ELASTIC SHIRRING
Pull all threads to the inside. On each line of stitching, knot the upper and bobbin threads together. Pull the elastic threads from both sides, to achieve a comfortable waist width. For each line of stitching, knot the front and back threads  together. 



FINISHED!



STEP 1: CUT OUT FABRIC PIECES
Fold the fabric in half lengthwise, right side facing in, matching the selvages. Pin pattern pieces to the fabric as shown in the cutting  layout. With a ruler and tailor’s chalk, mark the seam and hem allowances, as follows: 1.5 cm (5/8") at all seams and edges. Next draw the measured pieces on the fabric, with a ruler and tailor’s chalk. Then cut out all fabric pieces.



STEP 2: TRANSFER PATTERN MARKINGS
On all fabric pieces, use dressmaker’s carbon paper and a tracing wheel to transfer the pattern outlines (seam and hem lines) and also the seam marks and placement lines to the wrong side of the fabric. Follow the instructions included with the carbon paper. On each hip yoke piece, hand baste along the placement line to make it visible on the right side of the fabric.



STEP 3: TIPS FOR SEWING JERSEY 
When sewing ﬁne knit fabrics, use a special machine needle for stretch or jersey fabrics. These needles have rounded points which won't damage knit fabrics. To maintain the elasticity of the fabric, stitch seams with a narrow zigzag stitch. Finish the  edges of seam allowances with an overlock stitch or zigzag stitch.



STEP 4: HIP YOKE POCKETS
Pin each pocket piece to pocket opening edge of front piece, right sides facing, matching seam numbers (1). Stitch edges together as shown. Trim seam allowances. Open pocket piece toward side, press seam allowances toward pocket piece, and understitch in place.Turn pocket piece to inside. Baste pocket opening edge and press.



STEP 5: PIN POCKET OPENING EDGES TO HIP YOKE PIECES
Pin each front piece to hip yoke piece so that the pocket opening edge meets the marked placement line. The right fabric sides of pocket piece and hip yoke piece are facing. Pin pocket opening edge in place.



STEP 6: STITCH POCKET EDGES TOGETHER
Working from the inside, pin each pocket piece to hip yoke piece, making sure to not catch the front piece. Stitch pocket edges together. Trim seam allowances to 7 mm (_") wide and ﬁnish edges of allowances together. Baste pocket to the upper and side edges of the front piece.



STEP 7: SIDE SEAMS / INNER LEG SEAMS
Lay front pieces on back pieces, right sides  facing. Pin side seams, matching seam numbers (2), and pin inner leg seams, matching seam numbers (3). Stitch seams as pinned. Finish edges of seam allowances and press seams open.



STEP 8: CENTER SEAM
Turn one leg right side out. Pull this leg into the second leg, right sides facing. Pin the centre seam, matching the inner leg seams. Stitch the centre seam from the upper front edge to upper back edge. Finish edges of seam allowances. Press seam open from upper front and back  edges to beginnings of crotch curve.



STEP 9: WAISTBAND / SIDE SEAMS
Lay front waistband piece on back waistband piece, right sides facing. Pin narrow edges  together. Stitch left side seam. For the right side seam, mark the waistband centre then mark 1.2 cm (_") above the centre and again 1.2 cm (_") above the second mark. Stitch right side seam from one edge to centre, leaving an opening for the tie band, as marked. Tie-off ends of seams. Press side seams open, pressing allowances on open edges to wrong side. Fold waistband in half lengthwise, wrong side facing in. 



STEP 10: WAISTBAND ELASTIC CASING
Pin open long edges of waistband together to  upper edge of pajama bottoms, matching side seams. The opening lies on outside at right side seam. Stitch waistband in place. Finish edges of allowances together. Turn waistband up. To form elastic casings, topstitch waistband twice lengthwise, spaced 1.2 cm (_") apart. Pull elastic into upper and lower casings, using a safety pin as bodkin. Sew ends of each elastic together by hand.



STEP 11: TIE BAND
Fold each tie band piece in half lengthwise, right side facing in. Stitch 7 mm (_") from fold edge.  Thread threads in a darning needle and knot securely. Push needle through fabric tube, eye end ﬁrst, to turn tube right side out. Overlap ends of tie bands by 1.5 cm (5/8") and stitch  together with zigzag stitch. Using a safety pin as bodkin, pull tie band into middle casing of waistband. Knot ends of tie band.



STEP 12: RUFFLES
Stitch ends of each rufﬂe piece together, to form a ring. Trim seam allowances, ﬁnish  edges together, and press allowances to one side. The lower edge remains unﬁnished. To gather the upper rufﬂe edge, machine baste twice, close to seam line. Pull bobbin threads to gather rufﬂe to match lower leg edge. Knot threads. Pin rufﬂe to lower leg edge, right sides facing, matching rufﬂe seam to inner leg seam. Stitch rufﬂe in place. Trim seam allowances, ﬁnish edges together, and press allowances up.



FINISHED!
 

        Posted in:                 Magazine 

 


Whether it's a day at the office or a quick chat and drink with the neighbor, "this feminine dress" with the open neckline, 3/4-length flounce sleeves and a swinging skirt panel is beautifully flexible. Is there still snow outside? Style it with a rollneck top and tights for extra warmth.



Add an instant polish to any basic outfit. "The jacket"  in a caban style is sewn with a fine bouclé. An oversized and rounded collar flatters the decolleté and shoulders, while patch pockets and a double row of silver buttons are refined finishing details. 



Ring, ring… the analog telephone with the handset and dial is only shown here for effect, as it matches perfectly to our casual and loose fitting "retro style blouse" :. The flared sleeves, as well as an extra thick and oval band along the neckline, is a nice shape – and incredibly comfortable.



A full-on vintage look! The real highlight, though, is "the flared midi skirt" in bonbon color jacquard. The belt and buckle at the waistline are covered in the same fabric and the pocket flaps are decorative.



This is quite a breeze to sew, with a look that is sure to be a favorite while accentuating your figure wherever you go. "This knee-skimming sheath dress" with sleeves has a narrow fabric belt accent at the waist for a sleek finish. Need a formal look: top it with a velvet dinner jacket; going casual: wear it with leather.



Including a lapel collar, slant pockets on the sides and a tying belt for the waist, "this classic trench coat style"  is just right for the unpredictable weather of the season. This masterpiece pattern is worth every minute of detail work! A black & white retro dotted print is sure to draw positive attention whether worn for an appointment at the office or to a cocktail party. Style tip: wear black heels for serious and sexy; go casual with boots.



This print mix in a cotton with stretch is eye-catching! "The straight leg 7/8-length trousers"  fit snugly with a side zipper that streamlines the look. Blouses and shirts should definitely tuck at the waist so that the button tabs can beautifully draw attention.



A must-have for every wardrobe! "This pencil skirt"  – here in the jumbo dot print – shapes a wonderfully feminine figure and is also a great choice for beginning sewists. Stylish extra: decorative pleats at the side.



Absolutely on-trend: outfits with print mixes! The cut of "the blouse" : is a classic with collar, button placket and a patch pocket.



The wonderful pastel shades aren't the only reason "this shirt dress" : is exceptional. The lovely details like a full-length button placket, bands at the sleeve hems,  slits at the sides – and of course, the elastic at the waist, all combine to shape a beautiful silhouette.



        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 


All kids are sure to find these a favorite because it would be hard to find anything else so splendidly comfortable. "The double gauze trousers"  are super quick to sew. They make a great gift for mums with new babies!



Come on, let's go shopping (play time)! Simply pull on "this cardigan" with the ribbing over top, tuck some money in the side pockets and snap it closed in front - all by themself. Suddenly, the youngsters are looking very grown up.



At last no pink! "This dress"  sewn in a light blue is fun for celebrating - such as for a birthday. The fabric is enhanced at the neckline and the hem with decorative machine stitching. The style is one that also works well with printed fabrics.



It is hard to handle how cute this look is. "The relaxed style" : is ready for every adventurer, whether they are crawling or running. And, mamas will be happy to know that elastic keeps them easy to pull on and off. 



Grey, but hey! "This style"  is a basic for boys and girls. The lightweight cardigan with snaps and ribbing at the sleeves and hem pulls on quickly (and always looks great). The mandatory pocket is placed in the left front.



A beautiful style that can pass on to the next generation after a growth spurt. "The vintage look floral dress"  includes drawstring casings to tie at the waist and a stitched-on lace trim at the neckline. Pair it with leggings or jeans worn underneath for tumbling around.



We are in love with "this retro tunic" 8 with its elastic smocking accents above the hem and at the sleeves. The neckline features a decorative cord with mini tassels. For extra-cold days, wear it with a wool silk bodysuit or a turtleneck combination.



"This top" completes a fantastic unisex combination with the jacket and trousers. The casual shirt has sleeves that roll.
 

        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 
             Refer to "the pattern’s store page here"  for specific fabric yardage and notion requirements. Also remember to add seam allowance (you can either add to the paper pattern before cutting or to the fabric around the pattern… see below), further info and amounts can be found in the instructions PDF after purchase.





 Step 1: CUT OUT THE FABRIC PIECES 
Fold fabric in half lengthwise, right side facing in, so that the selvages lie together. Pin paper pattern pieces to the fabric as shown in the cutting  layout. With a ruler and tailor’s chalk, mark the seam and hem allowances, as follows: 3 cm (1 1/4") for hem and sleeve hems and 1.5 cm (5/8") at all other seams and edges. 



Step 2: TRANSFER PATTERN MARKINGS TO THE FABRIC
On all fabric pieces, use dressmaker’s carbon paper and a tracing wheel to transfer the pattern outlines (seam and hem lines) and also the seam marks (notches) and asterisks to the wrong side of the fabric. Follow the instructions included with the carbon paper. 



Step 3: TIPS FOR WORKING WITH JERSEY
When working with ﬁne knit fabrics, use a stretch needle or jersey in your sewing machine. These needles have rounded points which won't damage the knit fabric. To maintain the elasticity of the  fabric, stitch seams with a narrow zigzag stitch. Stitch seam and hem allowances in place with a twin machine needle (see also Step 4). The edges of the seam allowances do not need to be ﬁnished, unless the stitches of the fabric come unraveled. In this case, ﬁnish edges with an overlock stitch.



Step 4: NECK EDGES
On front and back neck edges, press seam allowances to wrong side and pin in place. Attach your machine's twin needle. Place two spools of thread on the machine and thread the twin needle. Topstitch 1 cm (3/8") from each neck edge, with straight stitch, approx. 3 mm long. The upper threads form parallel lines of stitching and the bobbin thread forms zigzag stitches. This means the edge remains elastic. Tip: First test-stitch on a fabric scrap. Loosen the thread tension slightly, if needed.



Step 5: GATHER SHOULDER EDGES
To gather each shoulder edge, ﬁrst stitch two lines lines of machine basting, one on each side of the marked seam line, from * to *. Hold the bobbin threads, then gather the fabric along these threads to 7 cm (23/4"). Knot the gathering threads.  Distribute the gathering evenly.



Step 6: SHOULDER SEAMS
Lay the front piece on the back piece, right sides facing. Pin the shoulder seams, matching the seam numbers (1). Stitch the seams as pinned. Tie-off the ends of the seams with backstitching. Finish edges of the seam allowances and press the seams open.



Step 7: ATTACH SLEEVES
Pin each sleeve to armhole edge, between seam marks, right sides facing. The seam marks (4) on sleeve and armhole edge must match. The seam mark on the sleeve cap must meet the shoulder seam. Stitch each sleeve in place, not stitching across the seam allowances (arrows). Tie-off the ends of the seams.



Step 8: LOWER SLEEVE SEAMS 
Fold each sleeve lengthwise, right side facing in. Pin the sleeve seam, matching the seam marks (3). Stitch the sleeve seam, turning the allowances of the sleeve attachment seam out of the way so they are not caught by the stitching. Finish edges of seam allowances and press seam open.



Step 9:  SIDE SEAMS 
Lay front on back, right sides facing. Pin side seams, matching seam numbers (2). Stitch each side seam from seam mark to lower edge. At lower end of seam, beginning at hem line, angle stitching slightly out (arrow). Tie-off ends of seam. Finish edges of seam allowances and press seam open. Also ﬁ nish edges of allowances of sleeve attachment seam and press open.



Step 10: STITCH HEM IN PLACE
Finish lower edge of top. Press hem allowance to inside and pin in place. Again attach the twin needle to your machine. Working from the outer side and using the twin needle,  topstitch 2.5 cm (1") from the lower edge of the top, thereby catching the hem. 



Step 11: STITCH SLEEVE HEMS IN PLACE
Finish lower edge of each sleeve. Press hem  allowance to inside and pin in place. Working from the outer side and using the twin needle, topstitch 2.5 cm (1") from the lower edge of the sleeve, thereby catching the hem.



FINISHED!



        Posted in:                 Magazine 

 
Materials:
+ Laminated cotton fabric 
+ Bias tape
+ Paracord 
+ Thread
+  Cord stopper
+ Scissors
+ Chalk pencil
+ Thimble
+ Ruler
+ Tape measure
+ Straight pins
+ Needle
+ Safety pin
+ Quilter’s ruler
+ Pattern template



Step 1: Pattern pieces (all include SA): base (printed template); side: 59 x 42 cm (23_" x 16_"), pockets: 59 x 8 cm (23_" x 3_")

Step 2: From fabric, cut 2 base pieces (attention: pattern piece includes seam allowances), 1 side piece, and 1 pocket piece. On base pieces, clip 2 mm (a scant 1/8") at each of the 4 notches.



Step 3:  Fold bias tape lengthwise so that one edge extends by 1 mm (a scant 1/16"). 

Step 4: Lay over upper edge of pocket piece, pin in place, then edgestitch in place. 



Step 5:  Fold pocket piece in half, matching narrow edges, right side facing in. Stitch side seam with  1 cm (3/8") wide seam allowance. Press seam open. 

Step 6: Stitch side seam of side piece as described for pocket piece, but leave 1 cm (3/8")  open in centre of seam (for casing) and leave approx. 7 cm (2_") open, for turning.



Step 7: Pin pocket piece to outer lower edge of side piece, matching side seams. Stitch across pocket piece to create outer pockets, spacing lines of stitching as desired. 

Step 8: Stitch approx. 1 cm (3/8") from both sides of casing opening, each  approx. 1 cm (3/8") long. Tie-off ends of stitching with backstitches. 



Step 9: Divide each open edge of side piece into 1/4’s. Mark with straight pins.

Step 10: Pin each base piece to side piece, right sides facing, matching notches of base to pins. Stitch with 1 cm (3/8") wide SA. 



Step 11: Turn the bag right side out, through the 7 cm (2_") opening. Sew the seam opening closed by hand.

Step 12: Fold one half of bag to the inside and press fold (near the 1 cm (3/8") casing opening. Topstitch approx. 0.7 cm (_") from upper edge. 



Step 13: Finally, run the cord through the upper edge, using a safety pin as bodkin. 

Step 14: Attach the cord stopper and knot each end of the cord. 



FINISHED! Makes a fabulous gift to make for the upcoming holiday season too.
 

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 
All images © Jan Schmiedel


+ Cotton fleece
+ Chunky knit cuffs
+ Pins
+ Ruler
+ Scissors
+ Hand sewing needle
+ Thread
+ Mittens template 



Step 1: Place all 3 cut pieces on the fabric and cut twice each with 1 cm seam allowance.

Step 2: Place the two pieces of thumb on top of each other right sides together and pin to the marking.



Step 3: Stitch both pieces of fabric together at 1 cm, sewing the ends well at the marking.

Step 4: Cut back the seams to approx. 0.5 cm and iron.



Step 5: Attach the larger piece right sides together, moving the thumb upwards.

Step 6: Sew both gloves around at 1 cm and then cut back the seam allowance to 0.5 cm. Turn to the right side.



Step 7: Fold the cuffs (each approx. 20 cm long) and sew together with an overlock stitch right sides together. Then sew the loose threads by hand on the lower edge.

Step 8: Stitch cuffs evenly on right sides together evenly around the bottom opening of the glove. Then finish the seams with an overlock stitch.



FINISHED! Decorate your mittens with ribbons and bows or even try embroidering for extra customization.
 

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 
All images: © Jan Schmiedel



+ Cotton
+ Thread
+ Foam rubber
+ Cardboard
+ Transparent paper
+ Glue stick
+ Chalk
+ Fabric scissors
+ Tape measure
+ Ruler
+ Hand sewing needle
+ Ironing cloth
+ Safety pin
+ Cord ends
+ Cord
+ Paper scissors
+ Brush
+ Fabric paint
+ Pins
+ Template 



Step 1: Cut fabric to approx. 88 x 34 cm. Then finish all edges with a serge or zig-zag stitch.

Step 2: Create stamp: Select template ("download here" :https://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/shoe-bag?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-181116-DIYShoeBag-Template) and transfer to tracing paper with a chalk pen.



Step 3: Draw template with chalk on foam rubber, and cut out and stick on a piece of cardboard.

Step 4: Coat the shoe stamp with textile paint using a brush.



Step 5: Fold fabric (to 44 x 34 cm) and put another piece of cardboard in between. Carefully press the stamp to the desired position.
 
Step 6: Then set the textile paint dye with an iron and pressing cloth.



Step 7: Edge-stitch around the edges of the shoe with a sewing machine.
 
Step 8: Fold the bag right sides together, and stitch the two side seams at 1 cm...



Step 9: ...leaving an opening of 2 cm on both sides at 8 cm from the upper edge.
 
Step 10: Turn and iron the top edge at 6 cm and stitch around 2 cm down from the top edge.



Step 11: Stitch another line 2 cm from the last stitching line - now the tunnel is created!
 
Step 12: Finally, use a safety pin to pull through the cord and knot the cord ends.



FINISHED! Sew a bag for every pair of shoes in your closet!            

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 
             Refer to "the pattern’s store page here"for specific fabric yardage and notion requirements. Also remember to add seam allowance (you can either add to the paper pattern before cutting or to the fabric around the pattern… see below), further info and amounts can be found in the instructions PDF after purchase.





Step 1: CUT PIECES FROM DRESS FABRIC 
Fold fabric, right side facing in. Pin paper pattern pieces to the fabric as shown in the cutting layout. With a ruler and tailor’s chalk, mark the seam allowances, as follows: 4 cm (15/8") for hem and sleeve hems and 1.5 cm (5/8") at all other seams and edges. Cut out fabric pieces along these chalk lines.



Step 2: TRANSFER PATTERN  MARKINGS TO THE FABRIC
On all fabric pieces, use dressmaker’s carbon paper and a tracing wheel to transfer the pattern outlines (seam and hem lines) and all other pattern markings to the wrong side of the fabric. Follow the instructions included with the carbon paper. Hand baste along the hem line, the centre front line, and the lines at back walking slit to make these lines visible on the right side of the fabric. Remove the paper pattern pieces.



Step 3:  TRIM LEFT SKIRT BACK AT WALKING SLIT 
On the left skirt back, trim the slit edge 1.5 cm (5/8") from the marked “left edge” (Linke Kante) line, as illustrated. 



Step 4: CUT OUT LINING PIECES
Fold lining fabric in half lengthwise, right side facing in. On pattern piece 7, fold the underlap with facing out of the way and in paper pattern pieces 1 to 8 to the lining fabric as shown in the cutting layout. With a ruler and tailor’s chalk, mark the seam allowances, as  follows: 1.5 cm (5/8") at all seams and edges. Cut out lining pieces along these chalk lines.



Step 5: THE INTERFACING
On each of the paper pattern pieces 1 and 3, use a pencil and ruler to draw a 3 cm (1_") wide facing along the neck edge. Cut these facing pieces off the pattern pieces. Fold interfacing in half widthwise, adhesive side facing in. Pin facing pieces to the interfacing, with piece 1 on the fold. Add 1.5 cm (5/8") wide seam allowances to the edges. Cut out interfacing pieces. Iron them to the wrong side of the neck edges of the lining pieces (see Step 18). Transfer pattern outlines to the lining pieces.



Step 6:  STITCH AND TOPSTITCH DARTS 
Baste darts in bodice fronts. When stitching each dart, catch a bias strip of dress fabric, approx. 3 cm (1_") wide, in the seam, on the side where the dart will be topstitched later. Press each dart toward side edge and press bias strip toward  centre. Working from the outer side, topstitch 5 mm (3/16") from the dart seam, at the point angling in to the end of the dart and catching the bias strip with the topstitching. Pull thread ends to inside and knot together. Stitch and topstitch darts in back pieces and back skirt pieces in the same manner.



Step 7: FRONT SECTION SEAMS / CENTER FRONT SEAM
Lay side fronts on center fronts, right sides  facing. Pin side front seams, matching seam numbers (1). Stitch seams. Trim seam allowances to 1 cm (3/8") wide and press toward the front. Topstitch 5 mm (3/16") from each seam, thereby catching the seam allowances. Stitch center front seam. Press seam open. Topstitch 5 mm (3/16") from each side of the center front seam.



Step 8: S KIRT / FRONT YOKE
Pin the front yoke pieces to the side front skirt pieces, right sides facing, matching seam numbers (4). Stitch as pinned. Trim the seam allowances. Press allowances toward the yokes. Topstitch the yokes 5 mm (3/16") from the seams, thereby catching the allowance.



Step 9:  FRONT SECTION SEAMS
Lay side front skirt pieces on the front skirt piece, right sides facing. Pin side front seams, matching seam numbers (5). Stitch seams. At each seam, trim seam allowances, ﬁnish edges of allowances together, and press allowances  toward centre front. Topstitch 5 mm (3/16") from each seam, thereby catching the allowances.



Step 10: BACK WAIST BAND PIECES
Pin back waist band pieces to skirt back pieces, right sides facing, matching seam  numbers (6). Stitch as pinned. Trim seam allowances. Press allowances toward waist band  pieces. Topstitch waist band pieces 5 mm (3/16") from seams, thereby catching the seam allowances.



Step 11: CENTER BACK SEAM / SLITS
Finish edges of allowances on back skirt edges. Lay skirt backs together, right sides facing. Baste the centre back seam and baste the  walking slit closed, with a continuous line of basting. Stitch the center back seam from lower slit mark to approx. 5 cm (2") below marked end of zipper (arrow). Tie-off ends of seam. Clip right skirt back close to stitching at upper edge of underlap (arrow).



Step 12: HIDDEN WALKING SLIT
Press center back seam open above the clip. Below the clip, press slit allowances toward left skirt back. Press self-facing of right skirt back under, on marked fold line. Baste upper edges to skirt. Working from the outer side,  topstitch left skirt back diagonally as marked, thereby catching the facings and underlap. Tie-off ends of seam. Remove basting at slit.



Step 13: WAIST SEAMS
Pin bodice back pieces to upper edges of back waist bands, right sides facing, matching seam numbers (8). Stitch as pinned. Press seam allowances away from waist bands. Pin bodice front to upper edge of skirt, right sides facing, matching section seams. Stitch. Press seam allowances away from skirt.



Step 14: INVISIBLE ZIPPER
Pin the open zipper face down to one back edge of dress, with the edge of the zipper tape 5 mm (3/16") from the edge of the fabric. The zipper teeth begin at the seam line on neck edge.  Using the special presser foot, stitch the zipper in place, ending at the slit mark. Stitch the second zipper tape to the  opposite slit edge in the same manner.



Step 15: STITCH REMAINING CENTER BACK SEAM
Close the zipper slightly. Lay the skirt backs together, right sides facing. Stitch the remaining center back seam, stitching as close to the ends of the zipper stitching lines as possible and turning the end of the zipper out of the way, over the seam allowances to do so. Tie-off the ends of the seam. Press the seam open.



Step 16: SHOULDER SEAMS AND SIDE SEAMS
Lay dress back on dress front, right sides facing. Pin the shoulder seams, matching seam numbers (2). Stitch the shoulder seams, easing the back shoulder edges. Pin the side seams, matching seam numbers (3) and matching ends of horizontal seams. Stitch side seams. Finish edges of seam allowances and press seams open. 



Step 17: HEM / SLIT
Open slit facings again. Finish lower edge of skirt. Press hem allowance to inside, baste, and press. Sew hem loosely in place by hand – the stitches should not be visible on the outer side of the skirt. Turn slit facings to inside again, pin in place, and sew to hem allowance by hand.



Step 18: SEW DRESS LINING
Stitch darts and seams on lining as  described for the dress. Stitch the center back seam between the slit marks. Finish the edges of the allowances and press centre back seam open, also pressing allowances on slit edges to wrong side.



Step 19: NECK EDGE
Pull dress lining over the dress, right sides facing. Pin neck edges of dress and lining together, matching shoulder seams. Fold lining edges to outside, 5 mm (3/16") before the slit  edges, and pin in place. Fold seam allowances with zipper tapes to outside and pin in place, over the lining. Stitch along the marked neck edge. Trim seam allowances and clip allowances on curves.



Step 20: NECK EDGE
Turn dress lining up, toward neck  opening. Press seam allowances toward lining and under stitch allowance to lining, close to the seam, stitching as close to back edges as  possible. This ensures that the lining remains ﬂ at and hidden along the inner neck edge, even though the neck edge is not topstitched.



Step 21: SEW LINING IN PLACE 
Turn the lining into the dress. Baste the neck edge and press. Baste dress and lining  together along armhole edges. Turn back lining edges under and sew to zipper tapes. Press lower edge of lining to wrong side, 3 cm (1_") wide, turn raw edge under, pin this allowance in place, and edge stitch in place. The lining should be  approx. 1.5 cm (5/8") shorter than the dress. 



Step 22: SEW LINING TO WALKING SLIT
Above the walking slit, pin center back seams together. Pin the right lining back to the facing and sew in place by hand. Cut the left lining back to the width of the facing, as illustrated, then cut straight down to lower edge (i.e. trim away a  rectangle). Clip lining into the corner. Turn lining edges under and sew in place as illustrated. 



Step 23: SEW SLEEVES
On each sleeve, pin elbow dart. Stitch dart from edge to point. Press dart down. Fold sleeve lengthwise, right side facing in. Stitch sleeve seam. Finish edges of seam allowances and press seam open. Finish lower edge of sleeve. Turn hem allowance to inside, pin in place, and sew loosely in place by hand. 



Step 24: SET IN SLEEVES
Pin each sleeve to armhole edge, right sides facing. The seam marks (10) on sleeve and bodice front must match. The sleeve seam must match the side seam. The seam mark on the sleeve cap must meet the shoulder seam.  Working from the sleeve side, stitch sleeve to armhole edge. Finish the edges of the seam  allowances together. In the area of the sleeve cap, lay allowances toward the sleeve.



FINISHED!
 

        Posted in:                 Magazine 

 
Images: © Jan Schmiedel


+ Mickey fabric 
+ Red fabric
+ Vliesofix / "HeatnBond"
+ Leather band 3 mm
+ Thread
+ Ruler
+ Scissors
+ Hand sewing needle
+ Tape measure
+ Pins
+ Chalk
+ Safety pin
+ Pinking shears
+ Numbers template 



Cutting: 24 rectangles in different sizes with chalk pen record and cut out (here approx. 16 x 38 cm).



Clean edges with pinking shears (or overcast with overlock). If you want, you can now embroider the bags with the brother Innov-is M280D embroidery machine.



Mark openings for the drawstring 1 cm away from the top edge at 3 cm.



Fold the rectangles right sides together and stitch the two side seams at 1 cm skipping over the drawstring openings.



Press open the side seams and iron the top edge of the bag at 2.5 cm and secure with pins.



Then stitch around 2 cm from the upper edge and stitch the ends well.



Use the safety pin to pull the leather tape into the tunnel from both sides of the bag.



Draw the "numbers from the template": mirror-inverted on Vliesofix and iron on the fabric. Then cut out, peel off paper and iron on the bags.

            

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 
             Refer to "the pattern’s store page here"  for specific fabric yardage and notion requirements. Also remember to add seam allowance (you can either add to the paper pattern before cutting or to the fabric around the pattern… see below), further info and amounts can be found in the instructions PDF after purchase.





Step 1: CUT FABRIC PIECES
Fold the jacket fabric lengthwise, right side facing in. Pin paper pattern pieces to the fabric as shown in the cutting  layout. With a ruler and tailor’s chalk, mark the seam and hem allowances, as follows: 4 cm (15/8") for hem and sleeve hem and 1.5 cm (5/8") at all other seams and edges. Draw the measured pieces (a and b) directly on the fabric. Cut out all fabric pieces.

Lining: Following the cutting layout, cut pieces 3, 4, 5, 12, 13, and b from lining fabric, adding 1.5 cm (5/8") wide seam and hem allowances.



Step 2: THE INTERFACING
Fold interfacing in half, adhesive side facing in. Pin paper pattern pieces 1 and 7 to 11 to the interfacing. Add 1.5 cm (5/8") wide seam allowances. Draw piece a on the interfacing. Cut out all interfacing pieces. Iron interfacing pieces to wrong sides of corresponding fabric pieces. In addition, iron interfacing strips to wrong side of fabric on slit facings of back and sleeve pieces and hem allowances of side, back, and sleeve pieces. Lay or fold interfaced pieces together again, right sides facing. Pin pattern pieces to fabric pieces.



Step 3: TRANSFER PATTERN MARKINGS TO THE FABRIC
For sizes 36 to 44, mark the front end of the pocket line on each front piece, the same distance from dart as marked for size 34. On all fabric and lining pieces, use dressmaker’s carbon paper and a tracing wheel to transfer the pattern outlines (seam and hem lines) and all other pattern markings to the wrong side of the fabric, following the manufacturer's instructions. Hand baste along lines for pockets, slits, hems, center front, and folds to make them visible on right side of fabric.



Step 4: FRONT DARTS 
Slash each front piece along marked pocket line, ending 1.5 cm (5/8") before the end. Trim away seam allowances. Cut along centre of dart, ending approx. 2 cm (3/4") from the point. Pin dart closed. Stitch dart toward point. Trim seam allowances. Press dart seam open, pressing point flat. Hand sew edges of horizontal slash closed, with herringbone stitches.



Step 5: SIDE FRONT SEAMS
Lay side pieces on front pieces, right sides facing. Pin side front seams, matching seam numbers (1). Stitch seams. Press seams open. On each side piece, use vanishing chalk to mark the pocket line as an extension of the slash and to the length of the flap (a total of 14 cm/ 5 1/2"). Iron interfacing strips, 4 cm (15/8") wide, to the wrong side of each side piece, over the marked line.



Step 6: STITCH PIPING IN PLACE 
With vanishing chalk, mark piping placement lines on the right fabric side, 1.5 cm (5/8") above and below each pocket line. Press each piping strip in half lengthwise. Pin each piping strip in place so the fold edge meets the marked placement line. Mark pocket ends on piping. Stitch piping in place, 7 mm (1/4") from fold edge. Cut side piece, ending 1.5 cm (5/8") before pocket end, and clip diagonally into each corner, thereby forming small triangles – do not cut piping.



Step 7: ATTACH POCKET LINING PIECES
Turn pipings toward pocket opening and press. Fold small triangles to inside and stitch to pipings. On inside, lay each pocket lining piece over lower piping attachment seam, right side facing wrong side, and pin in place – pocket lining piece points up. Working from outer side, stitch along lower piping attachment seam, thereby catching lining piece. Press lining piece down.  



Step 8: FLAPS
Pin each interfaced ﬂap piece to a ﬂap piece with no interfacing, right sides together. Stitch edges together as illustrated. Trim seam allowances and clip curves. Turn ﬂap right side out and press. Slide open edge of each ﬂap under the up-per piping and pin in place. 



Step 9: STITCH POCKET AND LINING PIECES TOGETHER
Working from the inside, lay each pocket piece of main fabric on pocket lining piece, right sides facing. Pin to attachment seam of upper piping. Working from the outer side, stitch along upper piping attachment seam, thereby catching the ﬂap and pocket piece. Pin pocket and lining  pieces together, trim even, and stitch edges together.



Step 10: CENTER BACK SEAM
Trim left back piece 1.5 cm (5/8") from marked LEFT EDGE line. Lay back pieces together, right sides facing. Baste center back seam from upper to lower edges. Stitch seam from upper edge to slit mark. Tie-off ends of seam. On right back, clip allowance at upper end of underlap into corner (arrow). 



Step 11: BACK SLIT
Press back seam open above clip. Press slit allowances toward left back. On right back, press facing to inside, along marked FOLD LINE, and baste in place. Baste facing and underlap to left back. Working from the outer side, topstitch left back diagonally, as marked, thereby catching the facing and underlap.



Step 12: SHOULDER SEAMS
Lay jacket fronts on jacket back, right sides facing. Pin shoulder seams, easing back shoulder edges. Stitch seams. Also stitch shoulder seams on facing pieces, matching seam numbers (4). Press all seams open.



Step 13: COLLAR STANDS
Pin collar stand pieces to upper and under collar pieces, right sides facing, matching seam numbers (5). Stitch as pinned. Trim seam allowances and clip curves. Press seams open. Topstitch close to each side of each seam.



Step 14: ATTACH COLLAR
Stitch under collar with collar stand to each jacket front, from seam mark to corner, matching seam numbers (5). Tie-off ends of seam. Stitch upper collar to front facings in the same manner, matching seam numbers (6). Clip jacket fronts and front facings each into corner, close to last stitch (arrow).



Step 15: ATTACH COLLAR
Pin under collar to neck edge of jacket, between clips, matching seam marks on collar stand to shoulder seams. Stitch. Trim seam  allowances and clip curves. Press seam open. Stitch upper collar to neck edge of facing in the same manner.



Step 16: STITCH COLLAR PIECES TOGETHER
Pin upper collar to under collar, right sides facing, easing extra length from outer edges and matching seam lines. Stitch. Trim seam allowances, trimming diagonally across corners. At seam marks, clip seam allowances of fronts and facings close to stitching (arrow). Between each clip and front edge, turn allowance of lapel up.



Step 17: SEW LAPELS
Lay facings on jacket fronts, right sides together, on lapels easing extra length from outer edges. Pin edges together. Beginning at each seam mark, stitch edges together, on lower edge ending stitching at marked hem line. Trim seam allowances, trimming diagonally across corners. On hem edge, trim only up to 2 cm (3/4") from facing edge (arrow).



Step 18: BASTE LAPEL CURVES 
Turn collar and facings to inside. Baste facings and press. Roll under collar and jacket fronts along marked FOLD LINES. Baste pieces together with long angled stitches. Pin collar  attachment seams together then stitch them  together by machine or sew them together by hand, with back stitches.



Step 19: SIDE BACK SEAMS HEM / SLIT 
Lay side pieces on back piece, right sides facing. Pin side back seams, matching seam numbers (2). Stitch seams. Press seams open. At back slit, open facings. Finish lower edge of jacket. Turn hem allowance to inside, baste, and press. Sew hem loosely in place by hand. Turn facings to inside again and sew to hem by hand.



Step 20: SLEEVES WITH PLACKETS 
Lay each under sleeve on upper sleeve, right sides facing. Stitch back sleeve seam, ending at slit mark and matching seam numbers (8). Tie-off ends of seam. Baste slit closed. Stitch edges of self-facings together. Press allowances and facing toward upper sleeve. Fold each sleeve lengthwise. Pin front sleeve seam, matching seam numbers (9). Stitch seam. Press seam open. 



Step 21: SET IN SLEEVES
Pin each sleeve to armhole edge, right sides facing. The seam mark on sleeve cap must meet the shoulder seam. The seam marks (10) on sleeve and jacket front must match. Baste sleeve in place, easing sleeve cap. Stitch. In the area of the sleeve cap, press seam allowances toward sleeve. Try the jacket on and pin raglan shoulder pads in place. Hand sew shoulder pads to allowances of shoulder and sleeve attachment seams. Turn sleeve hem allowances to inside, press, and sew loosely in place by hand. 



Step 22: SEW LINING
Pin lining backs together, right sides facing. Stitch centre back seam, ending at slit mark. Stitch as marked to form the ease pleat, ending at seam mark (arrow). Press pleat toward right back (as mirror image of jacket). Sew lining. Stitch sleeve linings, stitching plackets closed. Set sleeves in lining. Press allowances on lower edges of lining and sleeve linings to wrong side.



Step 23: ATTACH LINING
Pin lining to facing, right sides together, matching shoulder seams. Stitch, beginning and ending approx. 10 cm (4") above hem edge (arrow). On back neck edge, clip seam allowance of lining. Lay lining in jacket, wrong sides facing. Press  allowances toward lining. Pull linings into sleeves. Slide lower edge of each sleeve lining up and sew to sleeve hem.



Step 24: SEW LINING EDGES
Pin lining to facing of underlap. Cut the opposite lining back horizontally, 1 cm (3/8")  below upper slit end, as illustrated. Then cut straight down and clip into corner (arrow). Turn lining edges under and pin in place. Slide lower lining edge up slightly and sew to hem allowance. Lay extra length of lining down, in a small fold. Sew lining to slit facings and front facings. Work buttonholes as marked. Sew buttons in place, sewing the small buttons to the upper sleeves. 



FINISHED!



        Posted in:                 Magazine 

 


"Twist the scarf of this jersey blouse to the back of the neck and ﬁnish with a ﬂirty bow for a modern effect." That short clip was the introduction for this pattern in December 1958, as one of the fashion must-haves of that decade. A special weight is given to the word "ﬂirty,” because at the time, it was still not common or in vogue to show too much skin. Sexy fashion was obtained through sophisticated twists of fabric that would draw the eye along drapes and lines. 

Fashion trendsetters of the time; big screen actresses like Grace Kelly and Ingrid Bergman, were leaders with their cool beauty styled by artful dresses and blouses tailor-made for them – as was common. Perhaps it isn't too surprising that the trend is back and that this blouse style is again in vogue in our day, where showing skin and deep necklines are "business as usual" and a trend toward modesty and tailored lines is in fashion. This look draws attention to all the right places and pulls the eye toward the most important element: Our face and with it, our personality. The pattern is nearly the exact one from 1958 with a refresh. Rather than being sewn with a jersey, we've chosen to sew it in a dreamy silk – additional information is found below …





Not only the extraordinary print is divine, its name certainly is. The peacock print, "Juno" is named after the Roman goddess and is a fresh interpretation of the Liberty print, "Hera". Silk satin by Liberty.

Although the pattern style may be old, the blouse can easily be worn in many different ways, and for different seasons - what's your style?



We love a good pattern/print mixing outfit here, and there is no same in having both a party on the top as well as the bottom. Try pairing the retro blouse with something equal as vibrant like "these slight flare trousers" in complimentary colors. Then top it off with the most comfortable shoe - the sneaker, but with a twist.



Perhaps now you're getting really into the fall sewing vibes, and a "good trench coat"  is really the key to any chilly weather outfit. Let the blouse shine by wearing with a sleek pair of sold pants "like these ones"  and finish it off with your favorite fall booties!



If you're the rebel type and like to wear white after labor day, then try pairing the blouse with these "sporty button pants"to also nod to the current athleisure fashion trend. Then glam it up with a pump that pulls a color in your blouse's print.

We love when patterns are remastered and brought back to life from 1950s' Burda - what is your favorite retro/vintage pattern?

Happy Sewing!            

        Posted in:                 New trends 

 
             Refer to "the pattern’s store page here"for specific fabric yardage and notion requirements. Also remember to add seam allowance (you can either add to the paper pattern before cutting or to the fabric around the pattern… see below), further info and amounts can be found in the instructions PDF after purchase.





Step 1: CUT FABRIC PIECES
Fold fabric in half lengthwise, right side facing in. Pin paper pattern pieces to the fabric as shown in cutting  layout, laying pattern pieces 1, 4, and 5 on the fabric fold. With a ruler and tailor’s chalk, mark the seam and hem allowances, as follows: 1.5 cm (5/8") at all seams and edges. Cut out fabric pieces along these chalk lines.



Step 2: THE INTERFACING
Fold interfacing in half, adhesive side facing in. Pin pattern pieces 4 and 5 to the interfacing. Add 1.5 cm (5/8") wide seam allowances. Cut out pieces. Iron interfacing pieces to wrong sides of corresponding fabric pieces. Fold each interfaced piece in half, right side facing in. Pin paper pattern pieces to interfaced fabric pieces.



Step 3: TRANSFER PATTERN MARKINGS TO THE FABRIC
Use dressmaker’s carbon paper and a tracing wheel to transfer the pattern outlines (seam and hem lines) and also the seam marks (notches) onto the wrong sides of all  fabric pieces. Follow the instructions included with the carbon paper. 



Step 4: BUST DARTS / CENTER BACK SEAM
Fold the front piece, right side facing in, matching the lines of each dart. Pin dart lines together. Stitch each dart from edge to point. Knot threads at point of dart. Press darts down. Lay back pieces together, right sides facing. Pin center back seam then stitch seam as pinned. Finish edges of seam allowances and press seam open.



Step 5: SHOULDER SEAMS
Lay blouse front on blouse back, right sides facing. Pin shoulder seams, matching seam numbers (1). Stitch shoulder seams. Trim seam allowances to 7 mm (_") wide, finish edges of allowances together, and press allowances to-ward back. Lay front facing piece on back facing piece, right sides together. Pin shoulder seams, matching seam  numbers (2). Stitch seams. Press seams open. Finish outer edge of facing.



Step 6: STITCH FACING IN PLACE
Pin facing to neck edge of blouse, right sides together, matching shoulder seams. Stitch facing to blouse along neck edge. Trim seam allowances to 7 mm (_") wide and clip curves. At center front, clip allowances close to stitching (arrow).



Step 7: TURN FACING TO INSIDE 
First, turn the facing up, toward the neck opening, and press the seam allowances toward the facing. Topstitch the facing close to the  attachment seam, thereby catching the seam  allowances. This helps the facing lie smoothly on the inside of the blouse, without needing to have visible topstitching on the neck edge. Then turn the facing to the inside. Baste the neck edge, then press. Hand sew the  inner facing edge to the allowances of the shoulder seams and centre back seam.



Step 8: SIDE SEAMS / SLITS
Lay blouse front on blouse back, right sides facing. Pin the side seams, matching seam  numbers (3). Stitch the seams as pinned, ending stitching at slit marks (arrow). Tie-off the ends of the seams with backstitching. Finish the edges of the seam allowances and press the seams open, also pressing allowances on the slit edges to the wrong side.



Step 9: SLEEVE PLEATS
Fold each sleeve in half lengthwise, right side facing in. First, for the middle pleat, pin the two pleat lines together then stitch between the seam marks. Tie-off ends of stitching. Press the pleat so that the seam meets the centre (= inverted pleat) and pin in place. Working from the outer side, stitch along the centre, between seam marks. Tie-off ends of stitching. Stitch the  remaining pleats. Beginning at the centre, press pleat folds toward side edges of the sleeve. 



Step 10: SLEEVE SEAMS / SLEEVE HEM
Fold each sleeve lengthwise, right side facing in. Pin sleeve seam, matching seam numbers (4). Stitch seam. Trim seam allowances, ﬁnish edges of allowances together, and press allowances to one side. Press sleeve hem allowance to inside, turn raw edge under, and pin allowance in place. Edgestitch hem in place.



Step 11: SET IN SLEEVES
Pin each sleeve to armhole edge, right sides facing. The seam marks (5) on sleeve and blouse front must match. The sleeve seam and side seam must match. The seam mark on sleeve cap must meet the shoulder seam. Working from the sleeve side, baste sleeve to armhole edge, easing the sleeve cap. Stitch sleeve in place. Trim seam allowances. Finish edges of allowances together. In area of the sleeve cap, press allowances toward sleeve.



Step 12: HEM / SLITS
On slit edges, open allowances again. Press hem allowance to wrong side, turn raw edge under, and pin hem in place. Edgestitch hem in place. Turn slit allowances to inside again, fold edges under by half allowance width, and pin in place. Edgestitch slit allowances in place,  making a few horizontal stitches across upper end of slit.



FINISHED!
 

        Posted in:                 Magazine 

 
             Refer to "the pattern’s store page here" for specific fabric yardage and notion requirements. Also remember to add seam allowance (you can either add to the paper pattern before cutting or to the fabric around the pattern… see below), further info and amounts can be found in the instructions PDF after purchase.





Step 1: CUT OUT FABRIC PIECES
Fold fabric in half lengthwise, right side facing in. Pin paper pattern pieces to the fabric as shown in the cutting  layout. Place pieces 21 and 22 on the fabric fold. With a ruler and tailor’s chalk, mark the seam and hem allowances, as follows: 1.5 cm (5/8") at seams and edges, 3 cm (1_") for the hem, and 2 cm (_") for the sleeve hems. Finally, draw the measured piece (a) directly on the fabric, with tailor's chalk and a ruler. Cut out all fabric pieces. 



Step 2: TRANSFER PATTERN MARKINGS TO THE FABRIC
On all fabric pieces, use dressmaker’s carbon paper and a tracing wheel to transfer the pattern outlines (seam and hem lines) and all other pattern markings to the wrong side of the fabric. Follow the instructions included with the carbon paper. Hand baste along the tuck lines, to make them visible on the right side of the fabric (see Step 6).



Step 3: SHOULDER SEAMS
Lay front piece on back piece, right sides facing. Pin the shoulder seams, matching seam numbers (1). Stitch the shoulder seams. Finish the edges of the seam allowances with zigzag stitches or overlock stitches. Press the seams open.



Step 4: NECK BAND
Fold the neck band piece in half lengthwise, wrong side facing in. Press the fold edge. Unfold the piece again. Pin the narrow edges together, right side facing in. Stitch the narrow edges together, tying off the ends of the seam with backstitching. Press the seam open. Again fold the neck band in half lengthwise. Pin the long edges together.



Step 5: ATTACH NECK BAND
Pin open edges of the neck band together to the neck edge, right sides facing, matching the neck band seam to one shoulder seam. Stitch the neck band in place. Finish the edges of the seam allowances together. Turn the neck band toward the neck opening and press the seam allowances toward the front and back pieces. Topstitch the neck edge approx. 3 mm (1/8") from the neck band attachment seam, catching the allowances.



Step 6: SLEEVE TUCKS
Working from the right side of the fabric, lay tucks in each sleeve, in the direction of the arrows, matching the basting lines. Pin the tucks and baste them to the seam allowances on the side edges of the sleeve.



Step 7: ATTACH SLEEVES 
Pin each sleeve to armhole edge, right sides facing. The seam marks (2) on sleeve and front piece must match. The seam mark at the centre of the sleeve cap must meet the shoulder seam. Stitch the sleeve in place. Finish the edges of the seam allowances. Press the seam open.



Step 8: SLEEVE AND SIDE SEAMS
Lay front piece on back piece, right sides facing, folding the sleeves lengthwise. First pin the ends of each sleeve attachment seam together, then pin the sleeve and side seams. The tucks on each sleeve must meet. Stitch the seams. Finish the edges of the seam allowances. Press the seams open.



Step 9: HEM / SLEEVE HEMS 
Finish the lower edges of the sweatshirt and the sleeves. Fold the hem allowances to the inside and pin them in place. Press the edges. Topstitch 2.5 cm (1") from the lower edge of the sweatshirt and 1.5 cm (5/8") from the lower edges of the sleeves, thereby catching the hems.



FINISHED!
            

        Posted in:                 Magazine 

 
             Refer to "the pattern’s store page here" for specific fabric yardage and notion requirements. Also remember to add seam allowance (you can either add to the paper pattern before cutting or to the fabric around the pattern… see below), further info and amounts can be found in the instructions PDF after purchase.





STEP 1: CUT FABRIC PIECES
Please note for sizes 38 to 46: Before cutting fabric pieces, mark the stitching line for the neck edge pleat on piece 1 the same distance from the line for your size as marked for size 36.
Fold fabric in half lengthwise, right side  facing in. Pin paper pattern pieces to the fabric as shown in cutting  layout, laying pieces 1, 2, 3, and 5 on the fabric fold. With tailor’s chalk, mark seam and hem allowances, as follows: 1.5 cm (5/8") on all seams and edges. Draw piece a directly on the fabric. Cut out all fabric pieces.



STEP 2: INTERFACING
Fold interfacing piece in half, adhesive side facing in. Pin pattern piece 5 to the interfacing, on the fold. Draw 1.5 cm (5/8") wide seam allowances along all edges. Cut out interfacing piece. Iron  interfacing piece to wrong side of front facing piece. Fold the interfaced piece in half, right side facing in, and pin the paper pattern piece to the interfaced piece.



STEP 3: TRANSFER PATTERN MARKINGS TO THE FABRIC
On all fabric pieces, use dressmaker’s carbon  paper and a tracing wheel to transfer the pattern outlines (seam and hem lines) and all other  pattern markings to the wrong side of the fabric. Follow the instructions included with the carbon paper. Hand baste along the pleat lines on front, back, and sleeve pieces and also along the hem fold line on the sleeve, to make these lines visible on the right side of the fabric.



STEP 4:  FRONT PLEAT
Please note: The “pleat fold” (Faltenbruch) line, center front line, and stitching line are only needed on the right half of the front. The “left placement” (links Anstoß) line is only needed on the left half of the front (= red lines). 



STEP 5:  FRONT PLEAT
Fold front piece along the marked pleat fold (Faltenbruch) line, right side facing in. At neck edge, stitch edges together as illustrated, ending at marked seam allowance on upper edge. Clip allowances close to last stitch (arrow). Turn right side out. Fold front piece along marked pleat fold line, lay fold edge on “left placement” (links  Anstoß) line, and pin in place. Stitch pleat as marked. Tie-off ends of seam with backstitching.



STEP 6:  BUST DARTS / STITCH YOKE TO FRONT
For each dart, fold front piece so that dart lines meet, right side facing in. Pin dart lines together. Stitch dart from edge to point. Knot threads at point of dart. Press dart down. Pin yoke to shoulder edges of front piece, right sides together, matching seam numbers (2). Stitch edges together as pinned. Trim allowances to 7 mm (_") wide and press allowances toward yoke.



STEP 7:  STITCH YOKE TO BACK 
Working from the outer side, lay pleats in back piece in direction of arrows and pin in place. Pin yoke to back piece, right sides facing,  matching seam numbers (1). Stitch yoke to back. Trim seam allowances to 7 mm (_") wide. Press allowances toward yoke.



STEP 8: DOUBLE THE YOKE, ATTACH FRONT FACING
On the second yoke piece, press the allowances on the attachment edges to the wrong side. Pin this yoke piece to the attached yoke piece, right sides facing. Finish edges of front facing piece. Pin front facing to front neck edge, right sides together – the shoulder edges lie on the yoke. Stitch facing and yoke to neck edge. Trim seam allowances and clip curves. At centre front, clip allowances close to stitching (arrow).



STEP 9: TURN YOKE AND FACING TO INSIDE AND SEW IN PLACE
Turn yoke and front facing to inside. Baste neck edge and press. Baste inner yoke edges to  attachment seams and sew in place by hand. If desired, topstitch close to neck edge.



STEP 10: SIDE SEAMS AND SLEEVE SEAMS / BUTTON LOOPS
Lay front piece on back piece, right sides facing. Pin, then stitch side seams. Fold each sleeve lengthwise, right side facing in. Pin and stitch sleeve seam. At each seam, trim allowances to 7 mm (_") wide, ﬁnish edges together, and press to one side. Fold bias strip for loops in half lengthwise, right side facing in. Stitch 0.5 cm (3/16") from fold edge. Run threads through eye of darning needle and knot securely. Push needle through fabric tube, eye end ﬁrst, to turn right side out. 



STEP 11: SLEEVE HEMS / PLEATS
First press allowance on each lower sleeve edge to wrong side (1.5 cm/5/8" wide). Then press sleeve edge to wrong side, along hem fold line, baste in place, and edgestitch in place. Cut bias fabric tube into two equal pieces and lay each piece to a loop. Stitch each loop to marked front pleat line, beginning at stitching line, as  illustrated. The loop size must match the button size. Sew each BUTTON in place, as marked by x. 



STEP 12: SET IN SLEEVES / HEM
Pin each sleeve to armhole edge, right sides facing. The seam marks (5) on sleeve and front piece must match. Sleeve seam and side seam must match. The seam mark on sleeve cap must meet shoulder mark on yoke. Baste sleeve in place, easing the sleeve cap. Stitch sleeve in place. Trim seam allowances and ﬁnish edges of allowances together. In area of sleeve cap, press allowances toward sleeve.
Press hem allowance to inside and turn raw edge under. Edgestitch hem in place.



FINISHED!
 

        Posted in:                 Magazine 

 
All images: © Jan Schmiedel



+ Wool
+ Cotton
+ "Decovil I Vlieseline Freudenberg" 
+ "Decovil Light Vlieseline Freudenberg"
+ Link chain
+ Thread
+ Scissors
+ Pins
+ Hand sewing needle
+ Thimble
+ Measuring tape
+ Pliers
+ Template/stencils 



Step 1: Cut stencils (enlarge PDF to 200%) with 1 cm seam allowance. A: 2 times wool, B: 1 time wool and 1 time cotton, C: 2 times wool, 1 time wool and 1 time cotton.

Step 2: Cut section A 1 time from Decovil I without seam allowance and iron on the wrong side of the wool fabric.



Step 3: Put the interfaced piece A to the right side of the unfinished cut piece A and stitch the outer bow 1 mm next to the Decovil insert.

Step 4: Then cut back the seam allowance along the rounding to about 2 mm and turn the shield and iron.



Step 5: Stitch the brim piece from the right side of the fabric along the curve at 1 cm.

Step 6: Cut cut piece C (cuffs) once from Decovil Light without seam allowances and iron on the wrong side of cut piece C. Then in both parts  of piece C stitch the center back right sides together.



Step 7: Pin the center back at the cut part B (side part). Place right sides together evenly on cutting section D (cover) and stitch at 1 cm.

Step 8: Iron the seam allowance towards the side panel B and stitch around it from the right side.



Step 9: Put cuff C (Step 6) right sides together with the cap (B and D) from Step 8 and stitch. Iron seam allowances towards the side panel B and stitch edges right sides together.

Step 10: Put the brim (from Step 5) on the cap. Carefully cut the allowances several times at the opening, so it sews in better around the curve.



Step 11: Stitch the brim right sides together to the cap at 1 cm.

Step 12: Cut D and B from cotton fabric. Stitch the center back of B, and press seam allowance open and then pin it around cut piece D and stitch around the curved edge.



Step 13: Pin the cuffs C on the right side of the cap (step 12) and stitch all around. Iron seam allowance towards side panel B and stitch from edge to edge.

Step 14: Pin the inner and outer hats and sew together at 1cm, then pull through the opening.



Step 15: Iron in the seam allowance at the opening at 1 cm and pin.

Step 16: Stitch along the front of the brim on the cuff (C) 2 mm near the edge. So the lining is sewn on the inside.



Step 17: Finally, cut the chain to the desired length and sew. Also sew the buttons at the ends by hand.

FINISHED!



This hat can be made from an old or thrifted coat and each piece can be cut in different fabrics for an interesting look!


Photographer: Jan Schmiedel, Sebastian Sunday
Production: Catharina Hader
 

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 


"A sweet look" for the youngest fashionistas! A happy print is used to sew this bodysuit that gets tied at the shoulders – not only as a beautiful detail, though also to ensure a perfect fit.



A cool basic: "This comfortable shirt" that can also be a shirt or a pajama top has a mini polo placket and a patch pocket. This look sews together quickly and suitable for both solid and wild print fabrics!



Slant pockets, an elastic waist, side slits..."this style"  follows the lines of the classic tennis shorts look. A colorful printed cotton or vibrant solid makes it just right for kids.



"This dotted dress with short sleeves is so cute. Deep pockets are tucked into the horizontal seam. 
 

        Posted in:                 Patterns Selection 

 
             Refer to "the pattern’s store page here" : for specific fabric yardage and notion requirements. Also remember to add seam allowance (you can either add to the paper pattern before cutting or to the fabric around the pattern… see below), further info and amounts can be found in the instructions PDF after purchase.





Step 1: CUT PIECES FROM JACKET FABRIC 
Fold fabric in half lengthwise, right side facing in (selvages lie together). Pin paper pattern pieces to fabric as shown in cutting  layout. With a ruler and tailor’s chalk, mark allowances, as follows: 1.5 cm (5/8") wide seam allowances and 4 cm (1 5/8") wide hem allowances. Cut out fabric pieces along these lines.  Cut collar (piece 10) last from a single layer of fabric. Pin pattern piece 10, printed side up, to right side of fabric.



Step 2: THE INTERFACING 
Fold interfacing in half widthwise, adhesive side facing in. Pin paper pattern pieces 11 and 12 to the interfacing. Add 1.5 cm (5/8") wide seam allowances to the edges. Cut out pieces. Iron interfacing pieces to wrong sides of facing pieces. 



Step 3: TRANSFER PATTERN MARKINGS TO THE FABRIC 
Lay/fold pieces with interfacing together again, right sides facing/right side facing in. Pin paper pattern pieces to these fabric pieces. Use dressmaker’s carbon paper and a tracing wheel to transfer pattern outlines (seam and hem lines) and all other pattern markings to wrong side of the fabric pieces (see manufacturer's instructions). Hand baste along hem lines, fold lines, and centre back to make these lines visible on right side of fabric. 



Step 4: CUT OUT LINING PIECES
Fold lining fabric in half lengthwise, right side facing in. Pin paper pattern pieces 3, 5 to 9, and 13 to 15 to lining fabric, as shown in cutting layout. With a ruler and tailor’s chalk, mark seam allowances, as  follows: 1.5 cm (5/8") at all seams and edges. Cut out lining pieces along these chalk lines. Transfer pattern outlines to lining pieces, with dressmaker’s carbon paper.



Step 5: FRONT PIECES / DARTS 
Fold each front piece lengthwise, right side facing in. Pin dart lines together. Stitch dart from edge to point. Knot threads at point of dart. Cut along centre of dart, ending approx. 4 cm (15/8") from the point. Trim dart allowances to approx. 7 mm (1/4") wide. Press seam open, pressing point of dart flat.



Step 6: BACK 
Lay side back pieces on centre back piece, right sides facing. Pin side back seams, matching seam marks (1). Stitch seams. Press seams open. Lay resulting back units together, right sides  facing. Pin then stitch centre back seam. Press seam open.



Step 7: SIDE SEAMS
Lay front pieces on jacket back, right sides facing. Pin side seams, matching seam numbers (4). Stitch seams. Press seams open.



Step 8: LOWER FRONT AND BACK PIECES 
On the lower front and back pieces, pin the  section seams (seam numbers 2 and 3). Stitch these seams. Press seams open. Then stitch the side seams, matching seam numbers (5). Press the seams open. Pin the lower jacket unit to the upper jacket unit, right sides facing (seam number 6), matching the seams. Stitch as pinned. Press seam open.



Step 9: ZIPPER 
If needed, shorten the zipper. Separate the zipper halves. Baste the zipper tapes to the seam allowances of the jacket fronts, right sides facing; the zipper teeth lie toward the fabric pieces. Turn upper ends of zipper tapes toward the outer side. Stitch zipper halves in place, using your machine's zipper foot.



Step 10: SHOULDER SEAMS
Lay jacket fronts on jacket back, right sides facing. Stitch shoulder seams. Press seams open. Lay front facing pieces on back facing piece, right sides together. Stitch shoulder seams, matching seam numbers (12). Press seams open. Lay the facing aside for the time being.



Step 11: STITCH SLEEVE SEAMS
Lay each under sleeve piece on an upper sleeve piece, right sides facing. Pin back sleeve seams (seam number 9) then stitch seams as pinned. Press seams open. Fold each sleeve lengthwise, right side facing in. Pin front sleeve seams (seam number 10) then stitch as pinned. Press seams open. Fold each hem allowance to inside, baste, and press. Sew loosely in place by hand.



Step 12: SET IN SLEEVES
Pin each sleeve to armhole edge, right sides facing, easing the sleeve cap between the •. The seam mark on the sleeve cap must meet the shoulder seam. The seam marks (11) on the upper sleeve and front must match. Working from the sleeve side, baste then stitch the sleeve in place. Trim seam allowances. In the area of the sleeve cap, turn allowances toward the sleeve. 



Step 13: SEW THE COLLAR
Fold the collar piece along the marked fold line, right side facing in. Pin the narrow edges and lower edges together, as far as the seam marks (seam number 8). Stitch as pinned. Trim seam allowances, trimming diagonally across corners. At each seam mark, clip allowances close to the last stitch. Turn the collar right side out. Baste the seamed edges and press. Pin the open edges together.



Step 14: BASTE COLLAR IN PLACE
Baste the collar to the neck edge, between the seam marks (seam number 8). The longer collar end lies on the right jacket front. The centre back of the collar must meet the centre back seam of the jacket.



Step 15: SEW THE LINING
Lay lining back pieces together, right sides facing. Stitch the centre back seam and stitch as marked to form the ease pleat. Press the pleat to one side. Stitch darts in lining fronts. Press darts toward front edges. Stitch lining pieces together, matching the seam numbers. Set sleeves in lining. Press allowances on lower edges of lining and sleeve linings to wrong side.



Step 16: STITCH FACING TO LINING
Pin facing to lining, right sides together, matching seam numbers (15) and matching shoulder seams. Stitch, beginning/ending  approx. 10 cm (4") above the lower edge (arrow). Trim seam allowances. On back neck edge, clip lining allowance several times. Press allowances  toward lining.



Step 17: LINE THE JACKET
Pin the facing/lining unit to the jacket, right sides together. Stitch together along edges, on the front edges using the zipper foot and catching the zipper halves. Trim seam allowances and clip curves. On the jacket fronts, trim hem allowance only up to 2 cm (3/4") before the facing edge. Turn the jacket right side out. Pull the lining into the jacket, wrong sides facing. Baste the seamed edges and press.



Step 18: HEMS / SEW LINING EDGES IN PLACE
Fold hem allowances to the inside, baste, and press. Sew hems loosely in place by hand. Sew facings to the jacket hem. On jacket and sleeves, slide lower edges of lining up slightly and sew to hem/sleeve hem by hand. Lay extra length of the lining down, in a small fold. Sew the remaining lining to the front facings. 



FINISHED!



        Posted in:                 Magazine 

 


+ Corduroy exterior
+ Cotton lining
+ Scissors
+ Bar clasp
+ Adjustable buckles
+ Bias tape & webbing strap
+ Marking pen
+ Fusible interfacing
+ Template for the ﬂap 



Step 1: Cut ﬂap from exterior and lining fabric. Pin wrong sides together and stitch around the curve close to the edge. Enclose and ﬁnish the sewing allowance around the curve with bias tape.

Step 2: Cut front pieces (69 x 27 cm/ 27 x 10.5 in.) of exterior and lining. Pin webbing straps (2 x 52 cm (20.5 in.) and handle (20 cm / 8 in.) along the upper edge along right side of exterior.



Step 3: Pin ﬂap and lining pieces as shown along the upper edge of the exterior fabric and sew together with 1 cm (3/8 in.) seam allowance.

Step 4: Cut side pieces (31 x 10.5 cm / 12.25 x 4 in. ) from exterior and lining. Press to adhere interfacing to the exterior pieces, sew both side pieces together along one narrow end right sides together, press seams open, turn right sides out.



Step 5: Pin exterior piece to side pieces, wrong sides facing and sew a presser foot's width to secure the seam.

Step 6: Finish the seam allowances at the edges of both sides with the bias tape.



Step 7: Follow the package instructions to attach the clasp for the ﬂap

Step 8: Pin the attachment straps of the  webbing band (2 x 15 cm (6 in.)) on the bottom of the rucksack with the buckle in place and stitch.



Finished! Your little one will love this new backpack for the new school year. Naturally, every student needs the all-important pencil case to gather the supplies needed for learning the ABCs. Make this one yourself with our 
step by step instructions below...



+ Cotton fabric
+ Fusible web
+ Scissors
+ Zipper 20 cm (8 in.) long
+ Templates



Step 1: Cut the pattern pieces in the chosen color template with 1 cm (3/8 in.) seam allowances. For the pencil tip, press fusible web to adhere the colored point to the tip, as shown.

Step 2: Sew the zipper to the long sides of the rectangle. Pin the straight edges of the pencil tip piece and stitch along the 1 cm (3/8 in.) allowance and turn with right sides out. 



Step 3: Pin the right sides of the tip along a side of the rectangle with right sides matching. Stitch along the 1 cm (3/8 in.) seam allowance. 

Step 4: Pin the circle piece with right sides facing, to the other end of the rectangle and stitch along the 1 cm (3/8 in.) seam allowance. 



Finished, and happy back to school sewing!
 

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 
             Refer to the "pattern’s store page" for specific fabric yardage and notion requirements. Also remember to add seam allowance (you can either add to the paper pattern before cutting or to the fabric around the pattern… see below), further info and amounts can be found in the instructions PDF after purchase.





STEP 1: CUT OUT THE FABRIC PIECES
Fold fabric in half lengthwise with right side facing in. Use tailor's chalk to mark pattern pieces 1 and 3 each 4x on the fabric along the edges of the paper pattern pieces as shown in the pattern layout. Add 1.5 cm (5/8") seam allowances round the edges of the pieces and also 3 cm (1 1/4")  hem allowance. Finally, use tailor's chalk and a ruler to mark pieces a and b directly on the fabric. Now cut out all pieces. Cut piece 1 likewise from lining with 1.5 cm (5/8") seam and hem allowances (see pattern layout).



STEP 2: THE INTERFACING
Pin the waistband, fabric piece a, to the interfacing with the wrong fabric side facing the adhesive side of the interfacing. Cut out the piece. Iron the interfacing on the wrong side of the fabric. 



STEP 3: TRANSFER PATTERN MARKINGS 
Use dressmaker's carbon paper and a tracing wheel to transfer the pattern outlines (seam and hem lines) and all other lines and marking to the wrong side of the pieces. Follow the instructions included with the carbon paper. Use basting thread and hand stitches to transfer the hem line to the right fabric side of the skirt panels and godet pieces.



STEP 4: PANEL SEAMS
Lay two skirt panels each together with right sides facing. Pin edges together. Pin and stitch seams each from upper edges to marking (2). Backstitch to secure ends of stitching. Press allowances open. Important: Do not yet stitch skirt together to a round.



STEP 5: STITCH ON GODETS
Pin one godet right sides together with one skirt panel and stitch from marking (2) to lower edges. Allowance of godet overhangs at the top at marking. Backstich to secure ends of stitching. Stitch other edge of godet likewise. Continue in this manner to stitch on 7 godets below the panel seams. Trim allowances of seams to 7 mm (1/4") from top to bottom. Neaten allowances and press open from top to marking.  Press allowances at godets onto skirt panels. 



STEP 6: STITCH ON WAISTBAND
Press waistband in half lengthwise with wrong side facing in. Unfold waistband again. Pin and stitch waistband right sides together with upper skirt edge. Press allowances onto waistband. 



STEP 7: INVISIBLE ZIP
Open zip and pin face down right sides together with one opening edge. Teeth of zip begin on pressed crease of waistband and they lie on marked seam line with the zip tapes on the allowance. Attach the special presser foot for invisible zips to your sewing machine. Stitch close to teeth of zip as far as slit mark. The teeth of an invisible zip roll inward and are held ﬂat by the special presser foot. 



STEP 8: INVISBLE ZIP
 Pin and stitch other half of zip to other opening edge likewise. Stitch both halves of zip from top to slit mark. Backstitch to secure ends of stitching.



STEP 9: CENTRE BACK SEAM
Lay both skirt panels with the zip together with right sides facing. Stitch centre back seam from marking 2 as far as possible to ends of zip stitching lines, laying end of zip aside. Backstitch to secure ends of stitching. Press allowances open. Stitch on last godet as instructed in step 5.



STEP 10: STITCH ON SKIRT LINING
Stitch panel seams of skirt lining. Stitch centre back seam from slit mark to lower edges. Neaten allowances and press open. Pin skirt lining right sides together with waistband and stitch, laying allowances at opening edges out ﬂ at again. Press allowances onto lining. Turn in allowances at narrow edges of waistband. Turn waistband to inside on pressed crease and pin. Sew on opening edges of lining along zip tapes by hand. Work from right side of garment to stitch in line of waistband joining seam.



STEP 11: HEM LINING/SKIRT
Tip: Leave skirt to hang for a few days. Then check the length and even out the hem edge if necessary. Neaten hem, turn to inside and baste. Stitch hem loosely by hand. Press lower edge of skirt. Press hem of lining under, turn in and pin. Stitch a narrow hem. The skirt lining should be slightly shorter than the skirt.



STEP 12: TIE BAND
Stitch pieces b right sides together at one end. Press allowances open. Fold tie band in half lengthwise, right side facing in. Stitch open edges together 1.5 cm (5/8") wide, leaving an opening for turning. Backstitch to secure ends of stitching. Trim allowances, trim corners at an angle. Turn tie band, press. Sew up opening in seam by hand.



FINISHED! An extra swing thanks to the godets for this knee-covering skirt with the extra-narrow waistband.



        Posted in:                 Magazine 

 
             Refer to "the pattern’s store page here"for specific fabric yardage and notion requirements. Also remember to add seam allowance (you can either add to the paper pattern before cutting or to the fabric around the pattern… see below), further info and amounts can be found in the instructions PDF after purchase.





Step 1: CUT FABRIC PIECES
Fold fabric in half lengthwise, right side facing in. Pin paper pattern pieces to the fabric as shown in the cutting  layout. Pin pattern piece 1 to the fabric, with its printed side facing down. Place pieces 1 and 2 on the fabric fold. With a ruler and tailor’s chalk, draw 1.5 cm (5/8") wide seam allowances and 3 cm (11/4") wide hem allowances on the fabric. Finally, draw the measured piece (a) on the fabric. Cut out all fabric pieces.

Step 2: TRANSFER PATTERN  MARKINGS TO THE FABRIC
On all fabric pieces, use dressmaker’s carbon  paper and a tracing wheel to transfer the pattern outlines (seam and hem lines) and also the slit marks and seam marks to the wrong side of the fabric. Follow the instructions included with the carbon paper. In addition, mark the centres of the front and back neck edges each with a small chalk mark on the wrong side of the fabric.



Step 3: TIPS FOR WORKING WITH JERSEY
When working with fine knits, use a stretch or jersey needle in your machine. These needles have rounded points which won't damage the fabric. To maintain the fabric's elasticity, stitch seams with a narrow zigzag stitch. Trim seam allowances to 7 mm (1/4") wide. Then finish edges of both allowances together, with an overlock or zigzag stitch. Press allowances to one side. To stitch the hem, use a twin machine needle (see Step 12).



Step 4: SIDE SEAMS
Lay front piece on back piece, right sides facing. Pin side seams. Stitch side seams.  Trim seam allowances to 7 mm (1/4") wide, finish edges of allowances together, and press  allowances toward back.



Step 5: SLEEVES WITH TIE BANDS 
On each sleeve facing piece, finish angled edge. Pin each facing piece to cut-on tie band on sleeve piece, right sides together. Stitch edges  together as illustrated. Trim seam allowances, angling toward ends of seam. Trim across the point, leaving 3 mm (1/8"). Finish edges of allow-ances on upper sleeve seam edges and slit  edges, ending at the facing. 



Step 6: UPPER SLEEVE SEAMS
Turn sleeve facings to inside and press seamed edges. Lay each sleeve front on sleeve back, right sides facing. Pin upper sleeve seam, matching seam numbers (4). Stitch seam, ending at slit mark (arrow). Tie-off end of seam with backstitching. Press seam open and press  allowances on slit edges to wrong side. 



Step 7: LOWER SLEEVE SEAMS
Lay each sleeve front on sleeve back, right sides facing. Pin lower sleeve seam and stitch seam.  Trim seam allowances to 7 mm (1/4") wide, ﬁ nish edges of allowances together, and press allowances toward one side. 



Step 8: SLEEVE HEMS /TOPSTITCH EDGES
Finish lower edge of each sleeve. Press hem allowance to inside and pin in place. Topstitch 1 cm (3/8") from lower sleeve edge and from edges of tie and slit, stitching horizontally across upper end of slit.



Step 9: SET IN SLEEVES
Pin each sleeve to armhole edge, right sides facing. Lower sleeve seam and side seam must match. The seam marks (1) on sleeve and front piece must match. Stitch sleeve in place. Trim seam allowances to 7 mm (1/4") wide and ﬁnish edges of allowances together. Beginning at neck edge, press allowances of upper seam sections toward sleeve, approx. 10 cm (4") long.



Step 10: NECK BAND 
Fold neck band piece in half, right side facing in, matching narrow edges. Stitch narrow edges together, with 1.5 cm (5/8") wide seam allowance. Trim seam allowances. Press seam open. Fold band in half lengthwise, wrong side facing in. Pin open edges together. 



Step 11: ATTACH NECK BAND
Pin neck band to neck edge, right sides facing, stretching the neck band slightly. The open edges of the neck band meet edge of seam allowance and neck band seam meets one back sleeve attachment seam. Stitch neck band in place. Trim seam allowances to 7 mm (1/4") wide and ﬁnish edges of allowances together. Turn neck band toward neck opening and press seam allowances away from band. 



Step 12: STITCH HEM IN PLACE
Finish lower edge of the top. Press hem allowance to inside and pin in place. Attach a twin needle to your machine. Working from the outer side, stitch 2.5 cm (1") from lower edge, catching the hem. With a twin needle, you stitch straight stitch with two upper threads and one bobbin thread. The bobbin thread forms zigzag stitches which prevent the edge from stretching and forms an elastic seam. Tip: First practice with a twin needle on a scrap of fabric. It may help to loosen thread tension and use a longer stitch setting.



FINISHED!            

        Posted in:                 Magazine 

 



1 Anita Ekberg also liked to wear circle skirts. Rome, apx. 1955 
2 Here is a look at the original skirt from "burda  moden" 7/1958 
3 Brigitte Bardot and Dario More-no in "Come dance with me" 
4 Cover of "burda moden" 7/1958



In 1947, Christian Dior established the  "New Look" that awakened the feminine silhouette anew. Wide swinging skirts and narrow waistlines were evident in nearly every fashion hit of the 1950s. Audrey Hepburn conﬁrmed the charm with her award-winning performance in 1953 for "Roman Holiday" when she wore her calf-length bell skirt. In 1959, Brigitte Bardot turned heads in "Come dance with me!" wearing the wasp waistline and petticoat look. It goes without saying, that "burda" readers, too, were fond of  the bell-shaped skirt craze. The "moss green summer skirt with coordinating belt" from "burda moden" of 7/1958, celebrates its 60th birthday this month.



Audrey Hepburn and Gregory Peck in "Roman Holiday"

As we continue to appreciate the many ways to celebrate our feminine shape - and the  hourglass silhouette still holds exceptional charm - we have brought back the ﬂared midi skirt with fresh details. The cut itself is quite nearly the same. Rather than choosing to sew it in a satin, we freshen it with a modern choice of a fun cotton jacquard with a summery palm tree print. 



The updated styling for today includes a simple blouse or T-shirt. Rather than white gloves and a matching colour belt, we relax the outfit with bright summer accessories. Style tip: To keep the stretched look for the style, as the midi skirt hits at the calf, high heels are a must. The best choices include a pair of pumps or some wedges. 

Here are even more styling options:



Prints on prints! We love pairing different prints together and the adorable lemon print of "this cold shoulder top" is perfection. This look is great for a brunch party or tea with friends, especially when paired with the hottest strapy heels of the season!



If the summer heat is really getting to you, this circle skirt pairs wonderfully with a flouncy tank "like this one" Finish off the summer daytime look with a comfy-but-cute pair of embroidered sandals.



We love keeping to casual - especially with unexpected pieces like this retro skirt. Wear with a knit top like our "knotted shirt"  and your favorite pair of sneakers!
            

        Posted in:                 New trends 

 
             First let's gather the materials for the cork headphone cover:

+ Cork
+ Rhinestone
+ Iron
+ Punch
+ 1 Button rivet
+ Scissors
+ Screwdriver
+ Template


Download the template and print it out. Place the template on the cork and cut out along solid circle line. Also transfer the two markings for the rivet with chalk.



Step 1: Iron the rhinestone decoration, according manufacturer's information about ironing temperature.

Step 2: Fold the cork circle in half and use the punch to make a hole through both halves as shown.



Step 3: Pierce button rivet from behind and twist together.

Step 4: Secure the rivets with a screwdriver. Finished!



For the business card covers:

+ Material: 15 cm x 15 cm
+ Iron
+ Thread
+ Pins
+ Scissors
+ Hand sewing needle
+ Template


Step 1: Download the template and print it out. Place the cut paper piece with the printed side up on the fabric and draw the outer shape. Cut out the card sleeve part 2x. 

Step 2: Glue with rhinestones and put the two card sleeves wrong sides together, and stitch sides and bottoms with a narrow allowance. Finished!
            

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 
             Refer to the "pattern’s store page" : for specific fabric yardage and notion requirements. Also remember to add seam allowance (you can either add to the paper pattern before cutting or to the fabric around the pattern… see below), further info and amounts can be found in the instructions PDF after purchase.





STEP 1: CUT OUT THE FABRIC PIECES
Fold the fabric in half lengthwise, right side facing in and matching the selvages. Pin paper pattern pieces to the fabric as shown in the pattern layout. Use chalk to mark 1.5 cm (5/8") seam allowance and 3 cm (11/4") hem allowance round all edges of the pieces. Finally, use chalk to mark piece a directly on the fabric. Cut out all fabric pieces on these lines. 



STEP 2: TRANSFER PATTERN MARKINGS 
Use dressmaker's carbon paper and a tracing wheel to transfer the pattern outlines (seam and hem lines) and also the darts, lines, notches and * to the wrong side of the pieces. Follow the instructions included with the carbon paper. Use basting thread to mark centre front and fold lines on right fabric side. Remove the pattern pieces from the fabric. See step 15 for marking buttonholes and buttons.



STEP 3: THE INTERFACING
Cut off the self-facing along the FOLD LINE on paper pattern pieces 1 and 3. Fold interfacing in half, adhesive side facing in. Pin on pieces 1, 3 (front facings) and piece 6. Add 1.5 cm (5/8") seam allowance at edges (except at cut edges of pieces 1 and 3). Also mark piece a on the interfacing. Cut out interfacing pieces. Iron interfacing on wrong side of respective pieces. Lay pieces with interfacing right sides together again and fold in half. Pin on paper pattern pieces again. Transfer pattern outlines to the interfacing.



STEP 4: BUST DARTS / SHOULDER-SEAMS AND SIDE SEAMS
Pin bust darts on front pieces and stitch toward points. Knot ends of thread. Press darts down. Lay fronts right sides together with back. Pin (forward) shoulder seams. Pin side seams. Stitch seams. Trim allowances to 7 mm (1/4"). Neaten allowances together and press onto back.



STEP 5:  SKIRT / CENTER BACK SEAM, SIDE SEAMS
Lay back skirt panels right sides together. Stitch centre seam. Lay front skirt panels right sides together with back skirt panel, stitch side seams. Neaten allowances of seams and press open. 



STEP 6: GATHER WAIST EDGES
To gather upper dress and upper skirt edge, stitch two lines of machine basting each from * to * spaced 3 mm (1/8") apart. Slip fabric together along bobbin threads to a length as follows on back and back skirt panel: 25 – 26 – 27 – 28 – 28 –	30 cm (10" - 10 1/4" - 10 3/4" - 11 1/8" - 11 1/8" - 12"), on fronts and front skirt panels to: 8.5 – 9 – 9.5 – 10 – 10.5 – 11 cm (3 3/8" - 3 1/2" - 3 3/4" - 4" - 4 1/4" - 4 3/8"). Knot threads. Distribute gathers evenly. (Measurements in order for sizes 34 – 36 – 38 –40 – 42 – 44)



STEP 7:  WAIST SEAM
Pin upper dress right sides together with upper skirt edge, matching side seams and also centre front and back. Pin seam (seam number 5) and stitch, stitching between lines of gathering. Trim allowances to 1 cm (3/8") and neaten together. Secure seam by pinning cotton tape over seam from centre front to centre front. Work from other side to stitch again exactly in line of seam, catching tape. Remove gathering threads. Press allowances onto upper dress.



STEP 8: HEM / FACINGS
Neaten hem allowance, press to inside and baste. Stitch hem loosely by hand.Pin back facing right sides together with shoulder edges of front self-facings. Stitch shoulder seams (seam number 2).  Press allowances open. Neaten facing edge.



STEP 9:  NECKLINE / FACING
Turn self-facings of upper dress out and pin right sides together with neckline, matching shoulder seams. Stitch neckline edges together. Trim allowances, clip curves. Lay facing into neckline, press  allowances onto facing and stitch as far as possible close to seam.



STEP 10: SEW ON FACING
Turn facing to inside, go on to turn self-facings to inside on fold line. Baste edges, press. Sew inside facing edge to allowances of shoulder seams, waist seam and at hem. Also sew on bottom facing edges at hem by hand.



STEP 11: SLEEVE SEAMS
Fold sleeves lengthwise, right side. Trim allowances to 7 mm (1/4"), neaten together in. Pin sleeve seams and stitch. Trim allowances to 7 mm (1/4"), neaten together and press to one side. 



STEP 12: SLEEVE BANDS
Stitch lines of machine basting to each side of marked seam line to gather lower sleeve edges. Fold each sleeve band, stitch across ends. Press allowances open. Pull bobbin threads on sleeves to gather to ﬁt sleeve bands. Knot ends of threads. Distribute gathers evenly. 



STEP 13: STITCH ON SLEEVE BANDS
Pin sleeve band right sides together with lower sleeve edge, matching seams. Stitch sleeve between lines of gathering. Trim allowances and press onto sleeve band. Press other edge of sleeve band 1.5 cm (5/8") wide to inside. Fold sleeve band so that pressed under edge meets with joining seam. Stitch close to edge or sew along joining seam by hand.



STEP 14: SET IN SLEEVES
Pin sleeve into armhole with right sides facing. When setting in sleeves, 3 points are important for proper ﬁ t: Match markings 7 on sleeve and front. Match sleeve seams with side seams. Match marking at sleeve cap with shoulder mark on back. Baste sleeves, easing sleeve cap slightly between •. Baste and stitch sleeves from sleeve side. Trim allowances, Neaten together and press toward sleeve at sleeve cap.



STEP 15: FASTENING
For sizes 36 to 44, mark top buttonhole (x) on paper pattern piece 1 the same distance from neck edge as for size 34. The x below the waist seam is the same for all sizes. Centre an x in between on upper dress. Also mark four more x on front skirt panel at intervals of 10.5 cm (41/4") each. Use pins and chalk to transfer all x to the dress fabric. Work buttonholes on the right crosswise from each x. Sew buttons on the left to match.



FINISHED! For a striking effect, use a solid color fabric for the yoke – it will look like a wide belt at the waist!


Want more sewing lessons? Check out our last one here on our "Shaped Waistband Skirt" :https://www.burdastyle.com/blog/sewing-lesson-112b-shaped-waistband-skirt-052019.            

        Posted in:                 Magazine 

 

left: Miu Miu (Photo by Victor Boyko/Getty Images); right: Christian Siriano (Photo by Fernanda Calfat/Getty Images)

False serpent is an expression that one would not normally choose to call their fashion choice, though it is now looking to jump into our wardrobe as the trend du jour. The python optic is perfectly placed on a pencil skirt, as runway designers from Mi-lan to New York have shown. The fabric choice for this look to be printed onto – (faux) leather, silk, cotton – or as a jacquard weave, has a wide range of possibility so that we can choose what we love.


left: Rochas (Photo by Peter White/Getty Images); middle: Calvin Klein (Photo by Slaven Vlasic/Getty Images); right: Antonio Marras (Photo by Victor Boyko/Getty Images)

The styling is also new: rather than pairing with a reserved blouse, now cool sportswear and T-shirts in a layered look (Antonio Marras, Calvin Klein) or a masculine blazer style (Miu Miu) with a pencil skirt are hot.  Fashionistas choose an allover print (Rochas) or mix the look with shades of neon throughout (Christian Siriano).



The print isn't the only draw to this look – also the cut of "the skirt"  is a stunner. An asymmetric wrap detail creates a sexy slit in front and darts in the back ensure a perfect fit even without a waistband.

Whatever the outfit occasion, "this skirt" is versatile and will surely elevate anything you pair with it. 



This skirt works wonderfully for a day at the office, especially if you plan on going out for after work drinks with co-workers. This look especially though will make a fabulous #OOTD that means business, and we love it paired with a bright blouse "like this retro one"  with a large bow. Pair with classic pumps and some matching sunnies to round out the entire look.



You'll also be ready to tackle any weekend activity with this skirt, and for the warmer days paired with a lovely little lace tank "like this one" - you'll be brunching, day tripping, and heading to the market in style!



Night out on the town? This skirt screams a sultry outfit complete with a "blousey top" and a red lip. To keep things comfortable opt for a lower block heel that is also on trend this season. 

How will you rock this python skirt trend?            

        Posted in:                 New trends 

 

 
+ Silver faux leather
+ Pink leather
+ Marbled cotton fabric
+ Bondaweb fusible web (Vilene)
+ Thread
+ Pen
+ Clips 
+ Ruler
+ Metal eyelets
+ Hook-and-loop tape
+ Corner and edge shaper
+ Scissors
+ Straight pins
+ Hole punch
+ Eyelet pliers
+ Pattern 



Step 1: Cut the pattern piece from fusible web, without seam allowances. Iron this piece to wrong side of the silver faux leather. 

Step 2: Cut the leather exactly along the edges of the fusible web piece. 



Step 3: Peel paper backing from the fusible web.

Step 4: From the hook-and-loop tape, cut a circle, approx. 1.5 cm (5/8") in diameter. Separate the hook and loop circles.



Step 5: Stitch one of the circles of hook-and-loop tape to the leather with fusible web, as marked, stitching around the entire circle edge. 

Step 6: Iron silver piece to wrong side of pink leather, using a pressing cloth. Cut pink leather exactly along edges of silver leather.  



Step 7: For the pocket, cut 2 pieces of cotton fabric, adding 0.5 cm (3/16") wide seam allowances. Stitch pieces together, right sides facing, leaving 3 cm (1 1/4") open on lower edge. Trim corners diagonally.

Step 8: Turn pocket piece right side out and make sharp edges and corners, with the help of the shaping tool.



Step 9: Stitch remaining circle of hook-and-loop tape to pocket piece, as marked. Topstitch close to upper angled edge of pocket piece. 

Step 10: Lay pocket piece on silver side of leather and clip in place. Edgestitch side and lower pocket edges to leather and also topstitch close to remaining leather edges.



Step 11: Lay pencil case next to rings of planner and mark positions of eyelets.  

Step 12: Punch holes as marked



Step 13: Insert metal eyelets in holes and attach with the help of the eyelet pliers. 

FINISHED! Add to your planner and fill with all your favorite pens and pencils.            

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 


+ Leather
+ Vliesofix
+ Yarn
+ Key ring
+ Precision knife
+ Cutting mat
+ Ruler
+ Scissors
+ Template 



Step 1: Draw template on Vliesofix and cut out.

Step 2:  Iron Vliesofix onto the leather and cut out again. Remove paper and iron leather (on LOW heat).



Step 3: Cut back excess leather completely.

Step 4:  Now cut the two lines using a precision knife and ruler.



Step 5: Edgestitch the leather around the two cut lines, using a leather needle.

Step 6: Braiding: First, pull the bottom end of the key fob through the top of the right-hand notch.



Step 7: Then braid again starting at left side only braiding 3 times (ie left-right-left).

Step 8: Then pull the lower end through the left cut. Repeat the process: weave right-left-right and pull right through the incision. The process must be repeated about 3 times, then automatically results in a closed braided tape.



Step 9: Fold the braided up (fix it with a clip if necessary) and stitch in place. Attach keyring.

FINISHED! Giving a friend a house key? Make them one of these in their favorite color so they won't lose it! 
Happy DIYing!            

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 


+ Fabric in grey, pink & black
+ Vliesofix Vlieseline
+ Pencil
+ Thread in pink & black
+ Wide bias tape
+ Chald
+ Scissors
+ Hand sewing machine needle
+ Pins
+ Bias tape
+ Fork
+ Wool yarn
+ Template 



Step 1: Put the template on the grey fabric, with the bottom part on the fold.

Step 2: Cut out all around without seam allowance.



Step 3: Iron Vliesofix on the fabric in pink and black. Transfer and cut out the templates for eyes, nose and ears in pencil.

Step 4: Now iron the eyes, nose and ears on the right side of the gift bag in the designated positions.



Step 5: Sew ears, eyes and nose with a tight little zigzag stitch. Attention: open the gift bag and don't sew closed!

Step 6: Attach the small bias binding to the ears on both sides of the bag and stitch.



Step 7: Fold the bag together and cover the side seams with a wide bias tape.

Step 8: For the pompom put a short piece of wool in the middle of the fork, then wrap wool several times around the fork.



Step 9: Now tie the short piece of wool tightly around the wound wool.

Step 10: Cut the wool along the two outer edges along the fork.



Step 11: Cut pompom round evenly around and sew on by hand to the bunny.

Finished! 

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 


On this necklace made of tulle, which are embroidered with rhinestones and pearls all over will make any dress more glamourous. 



Materials:
+ Tulle 150 cm  x 80 cm
+ Organza flowers
+ Beads
+ Plastic stones
+ Sequined rosettes
+ Glass stones (Swarovski)
+ Hook and eye
+ Picture frame or hoop 50 cm 40 cm
+ Sewing thread
+ Stapler
+ Screw
+ Pattern template 



Step 1: Tension four layers of tulle onto the frame, cling to the back.

Step 2: Attach the covered frame with clasp to a table edge.



Step 3: Fix the paper template in the middle with pins on the tulle, roughly topping with thick yarn.

Step 4: Release the paper template again.



Step 5: The stitched outline is ready.

Step 6: Embroider the necklace with gemstones.



Step 7: Cut the finished embroidered necklace from the tulle.

Step 8: Sew on the hook and eye closure from the ends.



Materials:
+ Lace edging with one-sided bow edge 8 cm 60 cm 
+ Grosgrain 2 cm 60 cm
+ Grosgrain 7 mm 40 cm
+ Grosgrain 4 mm 40 cm
+ Baumwollband 1 cm 60 cm
+ Rubber band 7 mm
+Sewing thread

Seductive accessory for the bride - DIY instructions:

Put the grosgrain ribbon 1 cm next to the straight edge on the left side of the lace border. Elastic band (thigh width plus 2 cm) in the middle of the Grosgrain ribbon stretched. Lay the cotton ribbon on the rubber band and stitch it up with a wide zigzag stitch, while stretching the rubber band. Sew up the narrow sides of the garter 1 cm wide, put the seam allowances apart and stitch with zigzag stitch. Combine the narrow grosgrain ribbons, sew the middle of the ribbon on the elastic band on the garter belt. Tie ribbons to the bow. Cut away band ends.



Materials:
+ Tulle 12 cm 10 centimeters
+ Nappa leather 12 cm 20 cm
+ Adhesive fleece (Vlieseline Vliesofix)
+ 1 pk sequins 15 mm
+ 3 beads
+ 2 Rhinestones 3 cm (Swarovski)
+ 3 Rhinestones 12 mm (Swarovski)
+ Brooch pin
+ Glue
+ Sewing thread

Beautiful souvenir made of tulle - DIY instructions:

Double the leather (left side inside) and cut the oval brooch shape without any additions. This is about 9 x 7 cm in size. Cut the tulle lace in the same shape, but all around with 1 cm addition. Sew on rhinestones on tulle lace. With the sequins each 6 stacks, 3 mm high. Thread a sequin pile, a small pearl and a second pile, fan out the sequins in flower shape and sew on the tulle lace. Iron adhesive fleece on a leather part (on the right side), remove paper layer. Iron the tulle tip gently with the tip of the iron, do not put the iron on the sequins or the rhinestones. Lay the tulle tip around the leather edge and glue it to the bottom. Sew on the brooch pin on the second leather part.



A crown for the main character of the fairytale wedding - this unique beaded veil requires a bit of skill according to the occasion. 

Materials:
+ Headband
+ Tulle 10 cm 50 cm
+ 4 organza flowers 8 cm
+ Satin ribbon 2 cm 45 cm
+ Glue
+ Sewing thread

Queen for a day - DIY instructions:

Put the tulle lace around the headband and glue it to the underside with glue. Glue the satin ribbon over the "seam", making the strip edges narrower at the ends of the hairband's shape. Arrange the flowers on the headband and sew on the tulle lace.
 

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 


+ Jersey in light grey & pink
+ Fiberfill
+ Vliesofix Vlieseline
+ Embroidery thread in dark grey & pink
+ Wool
+ Fork
+ Scissors
+ Pins
+ Sewing needles
+ Chalk
+ Yarn
+ Template



Cut pieces A, C, D, E, F, G and H in light grey jersey with 0.7 cm seam allowance. Cut piece B out of pink sweat jersey without seam allowance. A: 4 x, B: 2 x, C: 1x, D: 1x, E: 2x, F: 1x, G: 2x, H: 2x.



Ears: Iron cut pieces B with Vliesofix onto the two cut pieces A and stitch all around with a narrow zigzag stitch.



Now put the two ears left and left on the cut pieces A and sew all around. Open at the bottom for turning.



Turn the ears, place between the cuts C and D and stitch right to right.



Attach the two lateral cut pieces E on the right side to the right and stitch them tight.



Finally, stitch the lower headboard / chin (cut piece F). Then turn the head and stuff with cotton wool. 1. Cut STEP A, C, D, E, F, G, and H cut from light grey sweat jersey with 0.7 cm seam allowance. Cut piece B out of pink sweat jersey without seam allowance. A: 4 x, B: 2 x, C: 1x, D: 1x, E: 2x, F: 1x, G: 2x, H: 2x 2. STEP Ears: Iron cut pieces B with Vliesofix onto the two cut pieces A and all around quilt with a narrow zigzag stitch.



Hand-sew the opening at the bottom of the head, pull it together and knot well.



Embroider the nose with pink embroidery thread by hand. Then embroider the sleeping eyes with grey embroidery thread.



Place cut parts G on right side and close back seam. Close abdominal seam (cuts H), put G and H together right side to right and stitch all around. Cut in front.



Turn body, stuff with cotton and sew neck as in Step 7. Sew on the head by hand, press the legs together at the bottom and sew them by hand so that the bunny sits well.



For the pompom put a short piece of wool in the middle of the fork, then wrap wool several times around the fork.



Now tie the short piece of wool tightly around the wound wool.



Cut the wool along the two outer edges along the fork.



Cut pom-pom round evenly around and sew on by hand to the bunny.



Finished!



        Posted in:                 How-To 

 


+ Linen fabric
+ Cotton fabric
+ Thread
+ Scissors
+ Vanishing marker
+ Chalk pencil
+ Straight pins
+ Ruler
+ Pattern piece 



Step 1: Use the pattern piece to cut a piece of linen fabric, with generous seam allowances (approx. 2.5 cm/1" wide). On the wrong side, draw the outline of the pattern piece and the other stitching lines. 

Step 2: Hand baste along pattern piece outline to make it visible on the right side of the fabric. Working from the right fabric side, stitch irregular decorative lines along the centre section and small triangle section. 



Step 3: Pin pattern piece to fabric piece again. With the vanishing marker, mark 1 cm (3/8") wide seam allowances along all edges of pattern piece. 

Step 4: Cut fabric along these lines.



Step 5: Now lay the linen piece on the cotton lining fabric, right sides facing. Pin in place. Cut cotton piece exactly along edges of linen piece.

Step 6: Stitch linen and cotton pieces together along all edges, leaving turning opening as marked.  



Step 7: Trim allowances to 2 mm (a scant 1/8") wide and trim points and corners.

Step 8: Turn right side out and shape points and corners. 



Step 9: Fold first flap over as shown, linen side facing in. Press and pin in place. Edgestitch in place from upper edge to point.

Step 10: Turn piece over so that cotton side faces up. Fold small triangle over so that edge meets centre and edgestitch in place.



Step 11: Finally, fold along centre and pin. Stitch from upper edge to point, thereby also closing the turning opening.

Happy DIYing!            

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 

Grace Kelly on the day of her civil ceremony.

"The fairy tale wedding on the Riviera has happened, and also the realized dream of many young girls who imagine to f ind their own handsome prince." We used these words to introduce the detail-rich interpretation of the still-beloved bridal dress of the time in our August 1956 issue: The gown that Grace Kelly wore to wed Rainier III and became Princess Grace of Monaco. 30 million television viewers watched with wonder as she arrived in the stunning work of art sewn with Rosaline lace from Brussels. 



Grace Kelly managed to obtain the simultaneous charm of an ultra-glamorous, youthful, surreal beauty and delicateness. This was no surprise, as the dress was the creation of the costume designer Helen Rose, whose work in the film industry specialized in maximum effect and upscale attire and continues to charm and feel modern. The one tiny catch? This style is very elaborate and requires a great deal of sewing knowledge so be sure when you start to give yourself enough time…



Choose the lace jacket or not, either way this super glamorous "bridal dress" has a princess vibe to make a most beautiful day be even more unforgettable. The corset bodice is accented at the bra cups with a delicate trim, the skirt with a light train that is decorated in back with sewn-on bows. See it featured in our "Wedding Season Lookbook here!" :https://www.burdastyle.com/blog/wedding-season-lookbook



Tips & Tricks: In order to ensure that this dress sits perfectly and drapes with just the right precision, a skillfully sewn petticoat of tulle and sheer nylon is required as the rigid synthetic fibres hold the shape. The characteristic stiffness is important, as well as the ability to be flat and lightweight – extremely important because it must hold up to a full day of wear. This floor length slip skirt only covers the backside and the sides. The lower skirt panels that rest on the backside of the body, and the upper skirt panels with broad width and additional rows of gathered tulle, support to shape the lower skirt panel of the main dress. Diagonally topstitched satin bias bands enclose corsetry boning to additionally support a stable contour. 
 

        Posted in:                 New trends 

 


+ Felts in various colors
+ Thread
+ Multi-adhesive
+ Embroidery thread
+ Sewing needle
+ Pins
+ Scissors
+ Chalk
+ 3D textile paint
+ Brush
+ Template 



Step 1: Stencils on felt and cut without seam allowance (1 times body, 2 ears, 1 nose / mouth part).

Step 2: Transfer nose and mouth to the round felt using the chalk stick.



Step 3: Embroider nose and mouth with backstitch and fill in the nose.

Step 4: Then embroider the little dots around the nose with glitter yarn (wrap 4 times around the needle and back off).



Step 5: Put the nose / mouth part on the body part and quilt all around.

Step 6: Now embroider the eyes with black embroidery thread using the same technique as for the points around the nose (see 4th step).



Step 7: Stamp cheeks with textile paint. Simply glue a round piece of felt onto a thread spool, paint with paint and stamp.

Step 8: Sew the two ears around each other round edged, then attach to the body part at the top and also sew the body part round edged.



Step 9: Finally, fold over the middle back and stick. Then stitch with a narrow edge using the sewing machine.

Finished!
 

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 


The fashion filled streets of New York City have been embracing this accessory lately! 



+ Silk cloth
+ Velvet
+ Ribbon
+ Vliesofix Vlieseline
+ Jewelry pliers
+ Pins
+ Hand sewing needle
+ Chalk
+ Clamp
+ Scissors
+ Stamp
+ Ruler
+ Feathers
+ Template 



Measure the neck circumference and shorten the band to this length. Then put the band ends in the clamp and press together with the pliers. Then attach locking parts.



Tape the ribbon (total 16 x 58 cm) on the silk (in the 8 x 58 cm gap) and adjust the two ends at about 2 cm at an angle.



Sew ribbon (8 x 58 cm) all around at 1 cm (while making the opening turn), cut back the seam allowances at the edges and turn.



Cut the loop part (16 x 50 cm), fold in the break (at 8 cm) and stitch at the longitudinal edge at 1 cm, then turn it over. Now stitch the two ends in the middle with 1 cm overlap.



Cut the center section of the silk ribbon (10 x 8 cm) and iron in the two long outer edges at 1 cm each.



Now wrap the middle part around the loop and pin it down. Break in the ends and sew on by hand.



Fold ribbon slightly offset and insert a small fold at the top. Then sew on by hand to the loop.



Iron two velvet layers together with Vliesofix.



Draw template of the flower and cut it out.



Fold the flower (quarter) and sew it down.



Then sew the flower pistils in the middle (make a total of 5 flowers of satin and / or velvet in this way).



Iron two velvet layers (5 x 3.5 cm) together with Vliesofix. Here, the individual springs are sewn by hand.



Sew on the 5 flowers to the piece of fabric with the feathers and then sew the whole piece in the middle on the loop. Finally, sew a bow to the velvet ribbon.



Finished!



Add this accessory to the necklines of a classic button up blouse to become an instant style icon!




Happy DIYing!            

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 


MATERIALS:
+ Reversible fabric
+ Fusible web
+ Thread
+ Pressing cloth
+ Scissors
+ Pinking shears
+ Straight pins
+ Pencil
+ Tracing paper
+ Machine needles for metallics 
+ Ruler
+ Metal buckles
+ Pattern template  



Cut the following fabric pieces: 2 bag sides, 25 x 50 cm; 1 bag base, 30 x 45 cm. Straps: 2 pieces, 105 x 4 cm; 4 pieces, 14 x 4 cm; 2 pieces, 126 x 4 cm. All incl. 1 cm seam allowances. 



For the lotus ﬂower, cut a piece of fabric, approx. 20 x 13 cm. Iron fusible web to the metallic side, using a pressing cloth as shown here. 



Trace the lotus ﬂower pattern onto tracing paper, then transfer to the fusible web. Cut out lotus ﬂower piece.



Place lotus ﬂower in centre of metallic side of base piece and iron in place. With metallic thread and closely spaced zigzag stitches, stitch along all edges of ﬂower.



Straps: Lay pairs of strap pieces together, metallic sides facing. Stitch 1 cm from long edges. Turn right side out. 



Topstitch 0.5 cm from long edges of each strap piece.



Run each shorter strap piece through a metal buckle, fold strap end to wrong side, and stitch in place. 



Stitch bag sides (grey on outer side) to bag base (metallic on outer side), catching straps in seams – both shorter straps with buckles on front and the 105 cm long strap on back.



Turn both ends of longest strap (126 cm) to wrong side and stitch in place. Run ends through buckles. Lay strap on bag. Stitch each half in place, close to upper bag edge, also stitching crosswise for strength.



Stitch side seams of bag. On upper edge, fold 6 cm to inside, as facing, and stitch in place, 0.5 cm from facing edge. Trim all seam allowances with pinking shears or ﬁnish edges with a serger. 







You can chose to appliqué the loutus flower or not depending on your preference, if you do, you can "download the template for free here!" :http://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/yoga-bag--2?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-180105-DIYYogaBag-Template This bag is the ultimate yoga bag that holds everything you need to get to class in style.




Happy New Year!            

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 


This leather moon bag with a stiched-on eye will swing at a party but it also shines during the day and draws admiring glances.



Both futuristic and classic – the sun, moon, and stars were found on dresses, coats, and accessories in the latest runway shows!



To make your own, here is what you'll need...

+ Metallic leather
+ Scrap of black leather
+ Leather glue
+ Magnet fastener
+ Snap hook
+ Screw-on attachment rings
+ Decovil & bondaweb (both adhesive)
+ Cotton fabric
+ Sewing thread
+ Clips
+ Chain
+ Pliers
+ Hole punch
+ Scissors
+ Straight pins
+ Pencil
+ Screw driver
+ Pattern pieces 




Eye: Iron Decovil to wrong side of black leather, then iron Bondaweb onto Decovil. Moon: Cut front and back pieces from metallic leather. Iron Decovil to wrong sides of both.



Trace the eye pattern onto the Bondaweb side of the black leather and cut out. 



Peel paper backing off the Bondaweb. Place eye on moon front piece and iron in place, using a pressing cloth or a piece of baking paper, since the leather is very heat-sensitive 



Machine stitch the eye in place



Cut both inner bag facing pieces from leather and iron Decovil to wrong sides of both (Decovil with no seam allowance on lower edges). Mark fastener position. 



Cut small slits on both sides of marked fastener position and attach magnetic fastener. 



Lining: From cotton fabric, cut 2 lining pieces. Stitch these to leather facing pieces, right sides together. Press allowances toward fabric and understitch in place. 



Iron Bondaweb to wrong side of each lining/facing unit. Then iron these units to wrong sides of front and back pieces of leather.



Topstitch front and back individually close to opening edge (approx. 7 cm/23/4" from outer edges), as marked.



Loops: Cut 2 leather strips (1.1 cm x 7 cm/ a scant 1/2" x 23/4"). Punch a hole in the centre of each.



On each strip, attach a screw-on attachment ring, with the help of a screw driver. 



Fold each strip in half and glue ends together, with leather glue, to form loops. 



Lay loops between front and back, on both sides, and hold in place with clips. Edgestitch front and back together, approx. 2 mm (a scant 1/8") from outer edges. Attention! Don’t leave clips on leather too long because the impressions remain visible!



Finally, attach snap hooks to chain, with the help of pliers, then attach hooks to rings.



Finished!








        Posted in:                 How-To 

 
             You can only sleep when it's really dark? Then the sleep mask is the perfect accessory for you! Especially when traveling, by plane, train or bus, you can simply hide the environment with the sleep mask and take a short break.




But first, here is what you'll need:
+ Thick wool about 50 g in gray (Color 012 - Lana Grossa "Alta Moda Alpaca" made of 90% alpaca, 5% new wool, 5% polyamide)
+ Crochet hook No. 5
+ Thin linen fabric (pink) 25 cm x  30 cm or silk!
+ Interlining 25 cm 15 cm
+ Imitation leather in black 10 cm x  10 cm
+ Elastic in black 8 mm x  40 cm 
+ Sewing thread and needle (hand)
+ Tissue paper
+ Pins
+ Scissors
+ Pattern template 



For the sleep mask cast on 8 small meshes and crochet 8 sts in the 1st row (RS), replacing the 1st sts (sts) of this and each of the following rows with 2 sts. Crochet 2 dc in the 1st and last dc in the 2nd round, otherwise 1 dc in each dc of the pre-R. work (= 10 fM). Work the 3rd to 8th round like the 2nd round (= 22 dc after the 8th round). The 9th to 11th R. work without increases. Inc 1 st at the top of the 12th row and 1 st at the bottom (= 22 dc).



Leave 1 sc in the 13th round at the upper edge without the Zunhame and at the lower edge, or pass 1 sc in the back row (= 21 dc). Crochet the 14th, 16th, 18th and 20th round like the 13th round, work the 15th, 17th and 19th round without removing (= 17 dc after the 20th round). Leave 1 dc at the top and bottom on the 21st round (= 15 dc). Crochet the 22nd and 23rd round like the 13th row (= 13 dc). The 24th R. (middle row) works without declines. Crochet 25th to 47th row opposite to row 23rd to 1st row. Then crochet the sleeping goggles with 1 round dc.

Don't know how to crochet? No problem! Print out the template and use as a pattern piece to cut in your favorite sweater or cuddly fabric. 



Cut two of the "template" in the pink linen (with seam allowances) and one in your interlining without. Pin and fix the interlining to one of the pink linen pieces then sew the two pink linen pieces, right sides together, leaving a small opening at the bottom to turn to the right side. Once turned right side out, hand sew the small opening closed and give a good press to smooth the edges.



Extract the eyelash shape from the "template" :http://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/crochet-sleep-mask?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-171129-DIYHolidaySleepMask-Template adding no allowances and cut out in imitation leather, or any black fabric you have. Hand sew onto the outer crocheted piece.



Sew the elastic between the two layers and then to combine the crocheted sleep mask with the pink linen lining: simply sew them together by hand!



Finished!




        Posted in:                 How-To 

 


Here is what you'll need:
+ Aluminum ruler
+ Carton
+ Happy knife
+ Double-sided adhesive tape
+ "do it" spray
+ Metallic thread
+ Metallic sewing machine needle
+ Chalk
+ Cutting mat
+ Eraser
+ Gloves
+ Template ("download here for free" 




Using the chalk pen, draw the stencil/template on the cardboard.



Then draw the individual connecting lines with the ruler (see template).



Carefully cut out with aluminum ruler and precision craft knife (use cutting pad!).



Turn the cardboard over (on the undrawn side), draw the number with the chalk pen and stitch with metallic yarn several times (then remove the marked with the eraser).



Carefully scrape the lines with the craft knife (do not apply too much pressure ...).



Fold the diamond: glue the seam allowances sideways with the double-sided adhesive tape and fold them together.



Fill the individual diamonds with sweets etc. and then close them at the top (glue them with adhesive tape).



Finally, spray the crystals with "do it" spray paints in metallic and glitter tones.



With 24 such small diamonds, the calendar is ready! Decorate you mantel or holiday table with these cool origami pieces.



Fill with all your favorite things!
 

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 


Here that what you'll need:
+ Felt
+ Tulle
+ Cotton
+ Trimmings
+ Fiberfill
+ Headband
+ Ribbons
+ Thread
+ Pins
+ Hand sewing needle
+ Scissors
+ Glue
+ Thimble
+ Cardboard
+ Pen
+ CD
+ Template



Cut 4 layers of the ears in felt.



Sew each ear, right sides together and turn to the outside. Hand sew trim around the ear.



Cut bia strip (5 x 50 cm).



Stitch together at a narrow seam allowance along the long side at approx. 1.2 cm. Then trim to 2 mm.



Turn to the right side and thread the hair band through.



Cut edges and hand sew closed.



Cut out the horn piece with 1 cm seam allowances, sew together as pictured.



Flip to the right side and fill with filling wool. Trim the decorative bands by hand in spiral form around the horn.



Cut a circle (Ø 4 cm) from cardboard.



Circle a circle from fabric (Ø 7 cm) round, and cover cardboard with it. To make it easier you can sew a basting stitch around the outside of the circle to gather on the wrong side.



Then attach and hand sew to the bottom of the horn.



For the flowers use the CD as a stencil and cut in a double layer of tulle. Then cut as a spiral about 2 cm wide.



Hand stitch around the inner edge of the tulle.



Then pull hand sewing thread to gather in tulle and secure with more hand stitches.



On the head band glue the horn in the center and the ears on either side. Decorate further with ribbons, trim and tulle flowers!



        Posted in:                 How-To 

 




Here is what you'll need:
+ Cotton print fabric 
+ Cotton fabric in solid color
+ Round wooden lid
+ Thread
+ Chalk pencil
+ Ruler
+ Hand sewing needle
+ Scissors
+ Straight pins
+ Bias tape former
+ Bodkin 
+ Felting wool
+ Long ruler



From print fabric, cut one rectangle (28.5 x 13 cm/ 11 _" x 5 1/8"), with upper edge torn; one circle (ø 10 cm/ 4"); and casing piece (28 x 2.5 cm/11" x 1" ). From solid fabric cut drawstring (40 x 1 cm/ 16" x 3/8")



Fold rectangle in half, wrong side facing in, matching narrow edges. Stitch narrow edges together (back seam), stitching 0.5 cm  (3/16") from edges. 



Now turn bag wrong side out and press. Stitch 0.7 cm (_") from the seamed edge, for a neat ﬁnish, both inside and out.



Press casing piece with bias tape former, following manufacturer’s instructions.



Pin casing piece to outer side of bag, approx. 2 cm (_") below upper edge, on ends turning raw edges under. Edgestitch upper and lower edges of casing in place.



Pin base piece (circle) to lower edge of bag and stitch in place. 



Fold drawstring piece lengthwise and edgestitch long edges together, also stitching across one end. Turn right side out, using the knitting needle as a turning aid.



Pull drawstring into casing, with the help of the bodkin.



With the felting wool, form two balls by rolling them between your hands. Sew felted balls to ends of drawstring.



Finished! Fill with goodies to give away to a friend or keep for yourself.



Here is what you'll need:
+ Cotton fabric 
+ Handmade paper 
+ Thread 
+ Ruler
+ Straight pins
+ Scissors
+ Pattern piece ("download here for free" :http://www.burdastyle.com/pattern_store/patterns/gift-bag?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-170929-DIYGiftBags-GreenBagTemplate)



Use pattern piece to cut fabric piece, adding 1.2 cm (_") wide seam allowances. Fold fabric piece, wrong side facing in. On all 4 sides stitch 0.5 cm (3/16") from edge.



Press seams open. Turn bag wrong side out. Then on all 4 sides, stitch 0.7 cm (_") from edge. Press seams. Turn bag right side out.



Cut paper piece for top. Fold upper opening, ﬁ ll bag with sweets, and pin opening closed. Fold paper piece over opening and stitch in place, adding a heart or message, as shown.



Finished!


Happy DIYing!            

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 


Here is what you'll need:
+ Jersey fabric
+ Thread
+ Paper
+ Hand sewing needle
+ Scissors
+ Chalk pencil
+ Straight pins
+ Pen 
+ Pattern pieces



Cut 2 fabric rectangles, each 36 x 20 cm (14 _" x 8"). Fold each, right side facing in. Stitch narrow edges together with zigzag stitches. Lay each piece so that seam lies along centre. Lay pattern piece on fabric and draw curve.



If you want the cap to have ears. Cut out four fabric ear pieces, adding 1 cm (3/8") wide seam allowances.



Lay pairs of ear pieces together, right sides facing, then lay them on a piece of paper – the paper prevents stretching when stitching. Stitch along curved edge. Carefully remove paper.



Trim seam allowances to 2 mm (a scant 1/8"). Turn ears right side out and press smooth.



Slide ears between layers of one cap piece and pin in place. Lay each cap piece on paper. Stitch along curved edge. Remove paper.



Trim seam allowances of each cap piece.



Lay one cap piece in the other, right sides facing. Stitch lower edges together, leaving approx. 4 cm (1_") open, for turning.



Turn cap right side out. Press seamed edges. Sew seam opening closed by hand.




        Posted in:                 How-To 

 


+ Leather
+ Cotton fabric
+ Bondaweb (Vilene)
+ Stufﬁng
+ Thread
+ Elastic
+ Lurex ribbon
+ Leather glue
+ Needle
+ Scissors
+ Ruler
+ Pencil
+ Rhinestone
+ Pattern template 



Draw around pattern piece, on wrong side of leather. Cut out leather piece. 



Iron fusible web (Bondaweb) onto wrong side of a piece of cotton fabric (approx. 15 x 25 cm / 6 x 10 "). Draw pattern piece outline on fusible web. Cut out fabric piece.



Peel paper backing off fusible web. Lay a small amount of stufﬁng on wrong side of leather piece. Lay fabric piece over stufﬁng and iron edges to leather. Do not iron center!



With pencil, draw stitching lines on cotton piece. Topstitch twice along each line. Do not yet stitch along edges.



Cut out 2 pocket pieces. Stitch together, right sides facing, leaving an opening, for turning. Trim seam allowances. Turn right side out. Sew opening closed by hand.



Cut a second shell piece from leather, but do not yet cut scalloped edges. Stitch pocket to one half of shell, stitching along side edges and centre. Sew elastic to second half of shell, as desired.



Pin lurex ribbon to both ends of cotton piece and sew in place by hand.



Glue both leather pieces (quilted outer piece and inner piece with pocket and elastic) together, with leather glue. 



Topstitch close to all edges. Trim inner piece along scallops. Sew a decorative rhinestone to the shell, as desired.




Put all your little sewing necessities into place and take with you to fix any fashion emergency!
 

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 

Materials:
- A stand (for example, microphone stand)
- 2-3 rolls of duct tape 
- Cardboard for the lower end
- An old, hip-length shirt or dress
- Filling
- Scissors
- Clear plastic film for the neck (saran or cling wrap)
- Glue


Step 1: Put on the long-sleeved T-shirt or dress. A garment as close as possible to the body is best suited. Remember that the shirt is cut up, so take an old one that you no longer need or want.


Step 2: If you have a shirt that is low cut and without a roll collar, protect the cleavage and the neck with fresh plastic film.


Step 3: Glue a strip of tape directly under your chest around the body. Pull the tape taut so it feels like a second skin on your body, but not too tight so it doesn't alter your measurements.


Step 4: Defining the breast: To keep the chest area from being flattened, but keep its natural shape, work crosswise. Start under the left chest and pull the strip along the inside of the chest to the right shoulder. Proceed on the other side the same way.


Step 5: Continue working in the chest area with obliquely glued strips until everything is covered.


Step 6: Work from the chest downwards with horizontal, parallel strips. Glue 2 to 3 layers in the front and back so that the necessary stability can be achieved.


Step 7: Again, protect the neck with glue, before gluing, then glue short strips horizontally around the round. Do not make them too tight!


Step 8: The finished taped look from the front...


Step 9: ... and from the back.


Step 10: Mark the natural waist to perfect later. Bend slightly to the side. Where a crease occurs in the tape, mark a point with the marker. Just the same way on the other side. Then connect both points to a line that runs around the waist.


Step 11: With bandage scissors (has a dull tip, so there is no danger of injury) cut the back along the back center (including the shirt).


Step 12: Carefully pull the sleeve forward so that it retains its shape as much as possible.


Step 13: Use a short strip of adhesive tape to glue the seam again.


Step 14: Glue the neck opening.


Step 15: Also close both arm openings with the tape, allowing the form to be stuffed.


Step 16: Tightly fill the torso with filling wool (or plastic padding). It should really be as compact as possible, so that you can later stick pins and fabric to the bust.


Step 17: Place the bust on the cardboard, the outline for the ground record. Cut a cross for the stand in the center of the ground. Stick the cardboard to the bust, push the stand through the cross into the bust, if necessary fix it.



Finished!            

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 


Materials:

• Cardboard in green, pink and pink
• Glitter glue
• Pearl pen
• Plastic beads in a set
• Glue
• Pencil
• Gel paint pen
• Scissors 
• Stencil

Step 1: First, cut out the stencils in the cardboard on the various colors. You can enlarge the template larger and smaller as well to make different size paper flowers.


Step 2: Continue to cut out the stencil and for the leaves, draw oval shapes freehand and cut them out.


Step 3: Coat the flower pieces 1 and 3 in the middle with glue and then also glue the plastic bead in the middle and leave to dry.


Step 4: After drying decorate the bead with gel paint pen in little dots as pictured.


Step 5: Decorate the flower petals with the glitter liner and the pearl pen with dots and let it dry again.


Step 6: Draw fine lines on the leaves with the pencil.


Step 7: Cut "branches" and connect the individual flowers / glue flowers.

Use the paper flowers to decorate a table, for a background, and more! Even try cutting stencil pieces out of fabric and sew to a garment...

Happy DIYing!            

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 


BurdaStyle Germany's creative assistant Catharina (pictured above) says "This bomber jacket is my must-have choice for autumn because it is cool and uncomplicated. It goes just as well with a chic dress as it does with casual jeans.

Here is what you'll need...



Materials:
- Sweatshirt,
- Separating zipper, 60 cm (24") long,
- Fusible interfacing
- Tape measure
- Scissors 
- Thread
- Needle
-  “Gems”
- Straight pins 
- Vanishing marker 
- Ruler


Step 1- Turn the sweatshirt wrong side out. Fold it exactly along the centre front and mark along this fold with the vanishing marker.


Step 2- Iron a strip of fusible interfacing to the wrong side of the sweatshirt, along the centre front. Cut along the marked centre front.


Step 3 - Turn the sweatshirt right side out. Pin the zipper halves to the front edges, right sides facing.


Step 4 - Machine stitch the zipper in place, using the zipper foot. Fold the zipper tapes to the inside and topstitch a presser foot width from each front edge.


Step 5 - Determine and mark the positions of the large and small “gems”. Sew each “gem” in place and knot the thread ends securely.



Here, the large “gems” are spaced 14 cm (5_") apart and the small “gems” are 3 cm (1_") apart. But you can place the “gems” on your jacket wherever you please – just give your creativity free rein!

Make More!
Of course, the same principle can be used on woolen pullovers. Just don’t forget to stitch closely spaced zigzag stitches to the left and right of the centre front, to secure the knit stitches when the pullover is cut.
            

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 
             Before BurdaStyle I worked at a dance and skating costume shop and what we did with all the leftover scraps from sewing up the costumes was to make matching scrunchies! Scrunchies may remind me of my childhood (because I also was a dancer) I love the idea of wearing them again.


Materials:
- Fabric 0.5 m x 1.40 m for three scrunchies (for each different fabric make a rectangle 40 x 10 cm)
- Elastic (3.5 mm wide x 1 m) 
- Hand sewing needle
- Thread
- Tape measure
- Pencil 
- Pins
- Safety pin
- Scissors

Step 1- Fold rectangle in half widthwise and pin right sides together. 


Step 2- Stitch the seam together using a seam allowance width of 0.5 cm.

Step 3-  Pin a safety pin to one of the short edges and pull through so the tube is right side out.


Step 4-  On one of the edges press in 1 cm.

Step 5-  Pin the safety pin to one end of the elastic and insert it into the tube.


Step 6-  Pull the elastic through the entire tube, and this will gather the tube slightly. Once the end of the elastic is out the other side tie the ends of the elastic in a knot.

Step 7-  Insert the unpressed edge into and under the pressed edge and hand sew closed.



And your done! You can really have fun with these and make them up in all different colors and fabrics. For thicker hair use longer elastic and for thinner hair use shorter elastic so the scrunchie is smaller. Check out our "Facebook Live" :https://www.facebook.com/BurdaStyleSews/videos/ video for a step-by-step video! 

Love making your own accessories? Then you must check out and grab our newest kit "The BurdaStyle Make Your Own Accessories Kit!" :http://www.burdastyle.com/webinars/make-your-own-accessories-kit--2?utm_source=burdastyle.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bs-meh-bl-161011-ScrunchieDIY-AccessoryKit. 

This kit includes 4 draft-it-yourself accessory patterns and 9 that you can print and assemble at home. Make yourself a new bag in various sizes and even sew your own tablet cover and slippers! This kit includes a wide variety of different accessory patterns that you are going to love to sew and use time and time again.




Happy Sewing!            

        Posted in:                 How-To 

 
             "This" large shopper purse is made out of a chic imitation leather crocodile material. In side, there is a fixed stitched pocket and a detachable clutch, which can also be hooked on to the outside of the bag. 

Before I started here at BurdaStyle I actually worked in a custom purse and bag making shop for a couple years and learned how to sew all types of different purses. I have since strayed more into making clothes but the occasional purse project is very nostalgic to me.

Refer to "the pattern’s store page"  here for specific fabric yardage and notion requirements.

This is a draft-it-yourself pattern, and you will find all the piece measurements in the PDF instructions


Draft all of your pattern pieces, and cut out of your fabric before beginning.

Notes on working with imitation leather:
Stitch seams with regular sewing _thread and a machine needle size suited to the thickness of your imitation leather. Use pins especially designed for imitation leather since the holes left by regular pins are permanent. _These special pins may still _leave _visible holes in heavier leather or imitation leather. In this case, _paper clips can be used to hold seams and edges. Avoid unpicking seams. Stitch at a medium stitch setting. Stitches which are too short may cause the leather to tear. If your sewing machine does not transport the leather properly, use a Teflon-coated presser foot or stitch over a piece of tissue paper which is torn away after stitching. Press imitation leather from the wrong side under a dry pressing cloth, at moderate heat and without steam. Test-iron on a scrap of your imitation leather.

Step 1- Vilene Bias Tape/stay tape: On each bag piece a, use tailor's chalk to mark facing fold line on one narrow edge, spaced 9.5 cm (3_ ins) from edge.

Step 1a- Iron Vilene Bias Tape/stay tape to wrong sides of _pieces a, b, and g. On pieces a, the line of chain stitch must lie exactly on _facing fold line. On pieces b, iron tape along one narrow edge of each = upper bag edge; on piece g, iron tape along one long edge = _upper opening edge.

Step 2- Iron pelmet interfacing in place: Iron interfacing pieces to wrong _sides of bag pieces a (only up to _facing fold line), side bag pieces b, and bottom piece c, leaving seam allow_ances without interfacing (2). Important: Please read the manu_facturer‘s ironing instructions for the interfacing. Test-iron on a scrap of fabric first.


Step 3- Sew the bag, side bag pieces: On each side bag piece b, turn allow_ances on one narrow edge to inside and pin in place. Lay side bag pieces on one bag piece a, right _sides facing, matching one long edge of each and _matching lower bag edges. S_titch _side bag pieces in place, seam allow_ance width = 1 cm (_ in). Stitch second bag piece a to remaining long edges of both side bag pieces in the same manner. Turn allow_ances on upper side bag edges to _inside and pin in place. Then turn allow_ances of seams toward bag pieces a and press. 

Step 3a- With buttonhole thread and working from the outer side, topstitch bag _pieces a close to seams, beginning at upper edges of side bag pieces. Use a long straight stitch (stitch length: 4 – 5 mm / approx. _/__ in). Leave thread ends hanging, thread into a needle, pull to inside, and knot together with bobbin _threads. Turn bag right side out.


Step 4- Set in bottom: Pin one long edge of bottom piece c to _lower edge of one bag piece a, right sides facing – al_lowances on narrow edges of bottom extend. Stitch bottom in place, beginning and ending exactly at corner. 

Step 4a- Turn bag wrong side out. Stitch _second long edge of bottom to _second bag piece in same manner. On side bag pieces, clip lower seam allowances 1 cm (_ in) deep, directly next to seams.

Step 4b- Pin narrow edges of bottom to side bag pieces, right sides facing. Stitch, beginning and ending exactly at corners. Turn bag right side out.


Step 5- _Inside pocket: On front inside pocket piece g, press interfaced long edge to wrong side, 1.5 cm (_ in) wide. Working from outer side, topstitch 1 cm (_ in) below fold edge = upper opening edge. Lay front _pocket piece on back pocket piece f, with wrong side facing right side and matching side and _lower edges. Edgestitch side and lower edges of front pocket piece in place.

Step 6- _Attachment band: Lay strips i together, wrong sides _facing. Edgestitch together along long edges. Fold one end of resulting band through D-ring of snap-hook and stitch end in place.

Sew lining:
Lay side bag lining pieces b on one _lining piece a, right _sides facing, matching one long edge of each and matching lower edge. Stitch side bag _lining pieces in place, beginning or ending at lower edge, 1 cm (_ in) before edge. Stitch second lining _piece a to remaining long edges of side bag lining pieces in same manner. Press seam allowances open. Set in bottom lining piece as described in steps 4, 4a, and 4b, omitting clipping the seam allowances. Press upper lining edge to inside, 1 cm (_ in) wide.

Step 7- _Sew lining in bag: Use tailor's chalk or vanishing _marker to mark facing fold lines and seam allowances on right fabric side of upper bag edges; the facing fold lines are 9.5 cm (3_ ins) from edges.

Step 7a- On one lining piece and on the inside pocket, mark the upper centres with straight pins. Lay inside _pocket on lining, matching centres and matching upper edges. Pin _pocket in place. Pin lining with inside pocket to upper edge of one bag piece, with wrong side facing right side – upper lining edge meets marked seam allowance line. Edge_stitch lining with inside pocket in place, tying off ends of stitching with backstitching.


Step 8- Stitch lining to opposite inside facing edge in _same manner. Push lining into bag, with wrong sides facing. Fold self-_facings to inside, along marked _facing fold lines. Pin facing folds. 

Step 8a- Pin open end of attachment band to one bag side _piece of main fabric, centered exactly, and stitch in place. On side bag pieces, pin upper edges of main fabric and lining together and edgestitch together with buttonhole thread. Also use buttonhole thread to topstitch close to upper and _side edges of bag pieces. Leave thread ends hanging, thread into a needle, pull inside, and hide.

Step 9- Handles: Press long edges of each handle to wrong side, 1 cm (_ in) wide. Fold each handle lengthwise, wrong side facing edge, so that pressed-under edges meet exactly. Top_stitch handle close to all edges, thereby stitching open long edge closed.


Step 10- Pin ends of each handle to bag, spaced 8 cm (3_ ins) from side bag edges and 5 cm (2 ins) from upper bag edge. With buttonhole thread, sew handles in place by hand or by machine.

Step 11- Clutch: Pin facing strips k to beginning and end of zip, with wrong side facing right _side, and edgestitch in place, with buttonhole thread.

Step 12- Pin one narrow edge of clutch piece e to zip tape, with wrong side facing right _side and spaced 3 mm (_ in) from teeth of zip. Edgestitch clutch piece to zip.

Step 13- Stitch opposite narrow edge to second zip tape in same manner, turning the wrong side out to do so. Pin side clutch edges together, wrong side facing in, and edgestitch together, with button_hole thread. 

Step 14- Run zip-pull piece j through slider. Stitch ends of pull _piece together, laying toward the _side to do so. Secure pull-tag with a few stitches by hand. Insert eyelet in corner, near end of zip, through all fabric layers. To attach the eyelet, following the manufacturer's instructions. Attach the clutch to the shopper, with the snap-hook.


If you want to sew this purse pattern not in imitation or real leather make sure you use a heavy fabric like canvas and use double interfacing! Also get creative and use hardware on your purse like D-rings and studs.

Happy Sewing!

Meg            

        Posted in:                 Magazine 

