Airport style has recently gained momentum, thanks to the growing paparazzi culture. Every celebrity has a distinctive travel style, but there’s a common love shared for the closet staple kurta. Instead of flexing their sartorial muscles in high-end, street-style brands, the leading ladies have chosen the simple kurta as their favourite. Of course, they amp it up with their Hermès Birkin and Gucci sunglasses, but the dainty kurta sets still takes the centre stage. While Deepika Padukone prefers her kurtas to be form-fitted in bright, jewel tones, Kareena Kapoor is a fan of over-sized kurtas in neutral shades. Scroll down for our edit of all the celebrity-approved kurtas you can incorporate in your travel style.  Kareena Kapoor Khan Setting unconventional fashion norms comes naturally to Kareena Kapoor Khan. Case in point, seen here in an olive-green kurta set, teamed with a leather jacket and a pair of trendy kicks, a look only she can pull.For another run to the airport, this time with her family, Kareena Kapoor Khan chose a mustard yellow kurta teamed with off-white flared pants, and tiny round sunglasses.  Deepika Padukone Deepika Padukone was recently seen at the airport in a fuchsia pink, embroidered kurta set by Lajjoo C. The actor styled her traditional ensemble with a pair of juttis and an ox-blood coloured bag.  Sara Ali Khan Sara Ali Khan’s choice of kurta set is an all-white ensemble with multi-coloured stripe detail. If a plain white kurta to the airport is too simple for you, try this upgraded version. Kangana Rananut A true advocate of all things classic, Kangana Rananut’s traditional style at the airport is understated and elegant. Pictured here in a muted beige, minimally embroidered kurta set, teamed with a nude bag and statement sunglasses.					Fall trends are officially making their way to your wardrobe! If you’re a fan of all things sassy, you’re going to love the idea of wearing your pantsuit with a bralette. Power suit, but make it sexy. Give your boardroom style a feminine touch by teaming it a dainty bralette, just like these leading actors did. While Katrina Kaif layered her embellished pantsuit on a delicate lace bra, Sonakshi Sinha and Jacqueline Fernandez opted for monotone pantsuits and bralette combinations. Putting their envy-inducing abs on display. Scroll down to find all the different ways in which the celebrities have styled their pantsuits with a sleek bralette. Bhumi PednekarBhumi Pednekar styled her shimmering, sequined suit with a barely-there embellished bra. Making a solid case for balanced opulent dressing. Ileana D’CruzIleana D’Cruz teamed her powder pink pantsuit with a textured bra, breaking the monotony of a plain old suit. Jacqueline FernandezJacqueline Fernandez chose a sunshine yellow suit and bralette, all in the same hue. Giving a lesson on how to work this trend in monotone. Sonakshi SinhaSonakshi Sinha gave her checkered suit a modern spin by layering it over a solid coloured bralette instead of a regular shirt.Sonakshi Sinha put her rock-solid abs on display in this over-sized, powder blue pantsuit, which she styled with a sports bra in a twin shade. Demonstrated the sporty-chic way of wearing the pantsuit with a bralette trend. Katrina KaifKatrina Kaif wore her silver, sequined pantsuit with a lacey bra, showcasing how to work two contrasting elements in the same ensemble.					Colour blocking is a versatile trend that is no longer restricted to just mixing two colours in an outfit. You can colour-block your look by teaming separates in two different hues or by teaming a singular-toned outfit with a contrasting coloured accessory or shoes. Bring out some bold hues and style them together like Alia Bhatt did; or break the monotony of solid black outfit with a dash of colour like Kareena Kapoor Khan. For those who aren’t a fan of busy prints and multiple elements, this trend is a perfect pick. Here’s our edit of all the celebrity-approved ways to flaunt the colour-block trend in style  Kareena Kapoor KhanEver thought two bright tones cannot work together? Take a cue from Kareena Kapoor Khan. The actor styled her aqua-blue bodysuit with a neon green, sequined, pencil skirt. Neutralising the look further with a pair of transparent, strappy heel.  Kriti SanonKriti Sanon effortlessly worked this form-fitting colour-blocked gown. She kept the rest of her look minimal with a pair of dainty, hoop earrings, and centre-parted hair.  Aditi Rao Hydari Aditi Rao Hydari demonstrated a distinctive of wearing the power suit. She opted for an ox-blood and burnt orange asymmetrical pantsuit, which she styled with a traditional choker.  Tara SutariTara Sutaria broke the monotony of her black and white outfit by teaming it with a bright neon skirt, another way of working the colour-block trend.  Athiya ShettyAthiya Shetty opted for a contrasting gown in lime green and beige, working two contradicting hues in the same outfit.  Alia BhattInstead of infusing multiple colours in the same outfit, Alia Bhatt chose contrasting separates in two bright hues, an innovative way of sporting the colour-block trend.					The sporty-chic dress trend is a cheat sheet for those who like to appear stylish without compromising on functionality. Sporty dresses don’t necessarily have to be made from active-wear material, all it needs to be is comfortable with an athletic feel to it. Sartorial expert Sonam Kapoor Ahuja wore a mustard yellow, pocketed dress, with stripe detail, teamed with a pair of funky dad-sneakers, adding to the sporty vibe. On the other hand, Ananya Panday demonstrated a different way of wearing the trend by opting for a crayon blue, wrap dress by Balenciaga and teamed it with a pair of strappy heels. Here’s our edit of all the different ways in which you can sport the trend.  Kriti SanonKriti Sanon styled her geometrically-patterned, hoodie-dress with a pair of white sneakers, showing you how to upgrade your travel style.  Kareena Kapoor Khan Kareena Kapoor Khan wore a beige and bottle green coloured, pocketed dress with centre zip detail. Giving the sporty dress trend an unusual spin.  Sonakshi SinhaSonakshi Sinha layered her royal blue, dual-slit, fitted dress with an oversized, monochrome, printed jacket, elevating the glamour quotient of the look. Vaani KapoorVaani Kapoor styled her neon short dress with a monotoned jacket, demonstrating a different way of working the sporty dress trend.  Sonam Kapoor AhujaThe actor gave her regular look a sporty upgrade by teaming her midnight blue, pleated dress with a bright red sweater from Bhaane’s latest collection. Sonam further dialled it up a notch by wearing statement silver jewellery with an athletic look.					There are risqué trends, and then there is the cut-out dress trend. The peek-a-boo skin-show moment has an understated appeal to it. There are multiple ways in which you can wear the cut-out dress. The geometrical shape can be carved out from the centre, showing your toned midriff or from the sides and the back, accentuating your curves. Recently, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen in a lemon yellow, diamond-shaped, midriff cut-out dress by Dion Lee, at the trailer launch of her movie. The actor teamed the dress with a pair of strappy heels, dainty earrings and hexagon-shaped glasses. You can easily replicate this look at your next Sunday brunch with the girls. Scroll down to view all the celebrity-approved ways of wearing a cut-out dress.  Nushrat Bharucha Nushrat Bharucha styled this metallic, side cut-out dress by Rohit Gandhi and Rahul Khanna with a pair of high heels and pushed-back sleek hair. A party look you can easily imitate.  Janhvi KapoorJanhvi Kapoor raised the heat in this multiple cut-out, asymmetrical Basil Soda gown. The young actor complemented the ensemble with a pair of statement Sophie Webster heels and a stark red mouth. Pooja HegdePooja Hegde broke the solid colour monotony of this bright-coloured yellow dress with a pair of aqua-hued earrings. A smart styling hack you can incorporate in your next look.  Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor effortlessly worked the monochromatic, sequined, side cut-out dress by Prabal Gurung. The actor kept the rest of her look simple with a sleek ponytail, drop earrings and a hint of glitter on the lids. If less is more is your vibe, this look is tailor-made for you. Kiara AdvaniKiara Advani looked like a vision in this double textured, side cut-out dress. If you want to give the sequin and bright colour combination a rest, you can opt for this minimal-chic outfit by Prabal Gurung.					The big, puffy tulle gowns, with a Carrie Bradshaw stamp of approval, are having a major moment in fashion right now. With the recent resurgence of maximalism, celebrities are pulling all the stops with these candy-floss resembling couture gowns.Deepika Padukone has championed the art of wearing the voluminous gowns and has demonstrated different ways to work it on the red carpet. She recently wore a ballet-pink and black, off-shouldered tulle gown by Giambattista Valli at the closing ceremony of a film festival. The actor kept the rest of her look minimal with dainty jewellery and dewy makeup. Contradicting her classic-chic look, was Malaika Arora, who stepped out looking like a fiery goddess in an asymmetrical, scarlet gown by the same designer. She elevated her look with layered pearl necklaces, shimmering eyelids and a stark red mouth. Here’s a round-up of all the different ways in which celebrities have demonstrated this trend. Deepika PadukoneDeepika Padukone’s love affair with fluffy, capacious gowns goes way back. The actor decoded this tried-and-tested formula on the Cannes runway two years ago and has showcased multiple ways of wearing the large couture ensembles ever since. Priyanka Chopra JonasPriyanka Chopra Jonas made her Cannes red carpet debut this year. For one of her appearances with her husband Nick Jonas, she opted for a pristine white, multi-layered, Georges Hobeika gown. Chopra Jonas punctuated her look with a dainty diamond necklace, pulled back sleek hair and her signature warm-toned makeup. Sonam Kapoor AhujaWhen it comes to defying the fashion norms, nobody does it quite like Sonam Kapoor Ahuja. The sartorial expert gave the big tulle gown trend her own spin in this raven black, pre-stitched, gown-sari by Shehlaa Khan, detailed with exaggerated sleeves. She dialled it up a notch by teaming it up with a veiled fascinator by Philip Treacy. Aishwarya Rai BachchanAishwarya Rai Bachchan took the red-carpet game to a whole another level with this extravagant, feather detailed, Ashi-studio tulle gown. The actor who is a regular at Cannes Film festival has upscaled the bar for her contemporaries. Sara Ali KhanShe may be new to the world of Bollywood but isn’t a rookie when it comes to fashion. Sara Ali Khan looked like a vision in this 3D dimensional, tulle gown by Gaurav Gupta for a recently held award function.					There is a nip in the air and the weather is finally getting pleasant. Although we do not get to enjoy the perks of a full-blown winter just yet, we can still relish the season with an upgraded wardrobe. A fail-safe trend you can bet on is the shirt dress, it’s cosy, comfortable and ultra-stylish. It’s basically a shirt sans the pants, but we’re not complaining.You can style it with a broad belt like Sonakshi Sinha, or wear it oversized like Malaika Arora. Layer it with a blazer and you’re boardroom ready, or team it with thigh-high boots for a night on the town. You can also make it your workwear staple like Meghan Markle who is an official fan of the buttoned-down shirt dress trend. We’ve rounded up a list of celebrity-approved shirt dress looks for you to take style inspiration from. Malaika AroraWant to achieve that laid-back, relaxed, chic look? Take cue from Malaika Arora who styled her oversized grey shirt with a pair of fiery red, ankle-length boots. Pooja HegdePooja Hegde upped her street-style game with this metallic blue, striped shirt, which she styled with a Gucci, belt bag and chained sunglasses. You can imitate this look if you want to give your basic shirt dress an upgrade. Sonam Kapoor AhujaSonam Kapoor Ahuja wore this black and white, Cover Story dress, designed by Karl Lagerfeld and teamed it with a pair of sleek, black boots. Demonstrating how to work this trend the old-school, classic way. Karisma KapoorIf the idea of wearing a plain shirt dress to work sounds mundane to you, layer it with a blazer and a pair of cool sneakers, just like Karisma Kapoor did. Shraddha KapoorInstead of digging deep in your closet to find that perfect party dress, borrow a formal shirt from your boyfriend, team it with a wide, waist-clenching belt and you have a winning look on your hands. Deepika PadukoneIf minimalism isn’t your thing and you’re all about those intricate details, opt for this long, form-flattering, knotted shirt dress by Rajesh Pratap. Ditch the jewellery, like Deepika Padukone, and allow the dress to take the centre stage. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon kept this day look fuss-free in an emerald green, shirt dress by Nupur Kanoi and styled it with a pair of closed-toe heels and geometrical earrings by Azotiique. Kriti KharbandaKriti Kharbanda was seen working the trend in this printed shirt dress and kept the rest of the look clean with just a high top-knot.   The most recurring sari during the festive season was the sequin laden six yards by Manish Malhotra, another innovative rendition of the classic silhouette by the couturier. The shimmer sari has become a go-to sartorial choice for almost every leading lady in Bollywood. The latest addition to the list is Bhumi Pednekar who opted for an off-white sequin sari, and teamed it with a dainty velvet blouse during her movie promotion. While Bhumi went for a classic-chic look, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen sporting a rose-pink sequin sari with a barely-there blouse. Kapoor Khan punctuated the risqué look with a layered diamond necklace and her signature makeup. Here’s our edit of all the versatile ways in which you can work this trend. Bhumi PednekarBhumi Pednekar is all about the less is more formula, seen here in an antique white, sequin sari and blouse, sans the jewellery. Tara Sutaria  The young and vivacious Tara Sutaria stepped out in a smoke grey, sequin sari and blouse combination for the recent Diwali festivities. To do justice to this all-embellished ensemble, Tara swapped heavy statement jewellery for a dainty layered necklace and complemented it with soft and peachy makeup. Natasha PoonawallaThe all-time advocate of all things extra, Natasha Poonawalla pulled all stops with this sage green sequin sari and styled it with an emerald green necklace, suitable for a Maharani. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon’s take on the trend was a little different from her contemporaries. She styled her shimmering sari with a strappy, backless blouse, chandelier earrings, deep smokey eyes and Mogra bearing low bun. Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor in a sequined black sari is a vision to behold. The actress paired her sari with a cutout blouse and kept the rest of her look minimal, keeping the entire focus on the traffic-stopping silhouette.   Checkered pantsuits are having a major moment this season. The recent resurgence of this trend takes you back to school time nostalgia when plaid, tartan and checks dominated your closet. Fast forward to 2019, the checkered suits have now been given a glamorous makeover by the leading ladies of Bollywood. Anushka Sharma bowled everyone over with her boardroom-ready Gucci pantsuit, which she wore on a red carpet for an awards function. Deepika Padukone gave her checkered suit a retro twist, with flared trousers, overlapping jacket and pair of round glasses. Here’s a list of the most recent revivals of trend and how you can incorporate the same in your wardrobe. Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor wore the perfect outfit you need to juggle between work meetings and happy hour. If you want to do the same, opt for this berry-hued, checkered suit by Prabal Gurung and swap the shirt for a black cropped top. Kriti SanonAnother interesting take on the trend was showcased by Kriti Sanon, who wore a white Appapop checkered suit, with an innovative cuff detailed trouser at the airport. To nail the semi-casual look, she styled it with over-sized sunglasses and a pair of white kicks. Sobhita DhulipalaShobita Dhulipala demonstrated a cool new way of mixing and matching different types of checkered prints through her recent look at an awards function. Dhulipala layered the suit on a printed T-shirt and accessorised it with white pumps and cat-eye glasses. Priyanka Chopra JonasPriyanka Chopra Jonas kept it easy chic as she styled her grey checkered suit with a polo neck T-shirt and a pair of clear glasses. An elevated airport look, suitable for the globetrotter. Deepika PadukoneDeepika Padukone could easily pass off as a yesteryear actress in this sage green, checkered pantsuit. The actor further complemented her classic ensemble with round glasses, nude pumps and sleek centre-parted hair.   For some millennials, sari may not be the top thing on their festive wear list, as the idea of draping the six-yards and tripping in it is very real. Here’s the good news, the recent upgrade given to the meticulous silhouette has finally made it functional and gen-next friendly. Props to the modern-day designers for thinking beyond the archetypical version of a sari and serving us with innovative pre-stitched, layered and asymmetrical styles. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja gave it a yesteryear spin by teaming her sari with an open koti blouse, Shilpa Shetty-Kundra opted for a sari-gown, something you can effortlessly slip into. Here’s our edit of all the unconventional ways in which the leading ladies have worn a sari and so can you. Shilpa Shetty KundraShilpa Shetty Kundra flaunted her envious curves in a pink, ruffled sari by Riddhi Mehra and teamed it with a tube blouse, and a belt. A winning look for all those who have killer collar bones and don’t want to hide them under layers. No new sari? No problem. Pull an old sari out of your mother’s closet, drape it the classic way and layer it with a structured long jacket, just like Shilpa Shetty Kundra did with her Angadi heritage sari.  Katrina KaifKatrina Kaif knocked it out of the park with this pastel, belted sari and off-white jacket combination by Anamika Khanna. If you’re looking for an innovative construction with a lot of details, this ensemble is calling out to you. Chitrangda SinghChitrangda Singh raised the heat in this pre-stitched, metallic number by Amit Aggarwal. This is all you need if you’re planning to steal everyone’s thunder this Diwali. Sonam Kapoor AhujaSonam Kapoor Ahuja looked ethereal in this open-Koti, old-school sari by Sabyasachi. For those who are looking to go all retro-chic, you can thank us later. Amplify your cool-girl vibe in this pre-stitched, palazzo sari by Rheson, team it with a pair of combat boots and you’re officially ready to be the fashion rebel you always wanted to be. KajolThe power-house actress seen here in an asymmetrically draped, gold and off-white sari by Tarun Tahiliani. This statement-making look will push you out of your comfort zone and will help you up your sartorial game this Diwali.																		Festive spirit is all about spreading love and happiness. There’s no better time to tell your loved ones that you appreciate everything they do for you. Express your gratefulness with a thoughtful gift that they’ll enjoy and cherish. Here’s a gifting guide with plenty ideas for every woman who holds a special place in your heart. ELEGANCE PERSONIFIED Dainty rings by CaratLane BOHO BABEGlass Sutra’s handmade, bespoke, glass jewellery collection by Gappei PRETTY GIRL SWAGOn-trend sunnies by Vogue Eyewear  Hand-painted, vegan footwear collection by Designer Vedika Merh and CAI FUN AND FOODIE Araku Coffee & Svami’s Ready to Drink Ginger Ale ALL THINGS FANCY Luxury artisanal chocolates and paintings by Muse The Store  MADAME FASHIONISTA Contemporary kurtas by Raisin  Frill sarees by Limerick  MAKEUP MAVEN Mac gifting boxes NATURAL NICHE Forrest Essentials gift box Bellebox from Vanity Wagon					Festive season comes with the added pressure of looking presentable at every event. Besides impressing the long list of relatives and your secret office crush with your sartorial choices, you also need to get some Instagram-worthy shots for the grid. To make all your festive looks distinctive from one another, you need to strategically plan your wardrobe for all the different occasions you've sent an RSVP to.While you can wear a long and flowing Anarkali for a puja, you can dial it up a notch by opting for an elegant sari to the late-night card party. Keep it contemporary for the office party with an angarakha styled kurta, and bring out the big guns (voluminous lehenga) for the main soiree. Here’s our edit of all the celebrity-approved festive ensembles you can take inspiration from. Karisma KapoorBegin your festivities with a relaxed Anarkali in contrasting hues, and look as ethereal as Karisma Kapoor. Shilpa Shetty KundraShilpa Shetty Kundra seen here in a retro, polka-dotted sari teamed with a pussy-bow blouse, a classic look you should recreate for the glamorous card party. Shraddha KapoorShraddha Kapoor looked drop-dead gorgeous in this beige, intricately embroidered, Tarun Tahiliani sharara set. The perfect outfit for all the Diwali luncheons and day-time gatherings with family and friends. Tara SutariaIf you’re looking to make a statement at your office party without going OTT, this unconventional, angarakha dress with an asymmetrical cut is just the silhouette for you. You can give it an ethnic flavour by accessorising it with traditional jewellery, just like Tara Sutaria did. Ananya PandayIt’s the festival of lights, the only occasion where you can look like a disco ball and get away with it. Pull all the stops and go for the extravagant lehenga you were contemplating about. Ananya Panday opted for a gold, mirror work lehenga by Abu Jani-Sandeep Khosla and styled it with a halter neck blouse bearing exaggerated sleeve detail. Talk about going big or going home.					Planning your festive wardrobe can get exhausting and monotonous. While playing dress-up is fun, the idea of wearing heavy-duty lehengas and saris to each event can get taxing. Long nights of card parties, endless Diwali lunches and that office party you can’t miss – there’s a smart way of showing up to all these occasions without making it look repetitive. Ditch your traditional blouse for a crisp white shirt and pair it with a bright-coloured lehenga and a pair of statement earrings, a classic Karisma Kapoor move. Swap the voluminous skirt for a flared pair of palazzos, and team it with a cropped top, just like Sara Ali Khan did. Here’s our edit of all the unconventional ways in which you can spruce up your festive style. Alia BhattWho needs a blouse when you can perfectly work the printed Sabyasachi sari like Alia Bhatt. Add a pair of shoulder dusters and you’re good to go. Taapsee PannuDenim sari? Yes, please. Taapsee Pannu doesn’t abide by your conventional rule book, seen here in a denim sari paired with a collared blouse. A breezy look for all the fashion rebels.A hybrid silhouette between a sari and a pantsuit. Tapsee Pannu opted for this all-white ensemble by starch the label and made a strong case for androgynous dressing with a twist. Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor wore a straight-fit kurta, layered with a jacket both by Antar-Agni, and punctuated the look with a pair of white kicks. This one is for all the girls who live in their denim and sneakers, wanting to stick to the same formula even during the festive season. Sonakshi SinhaIf you’ve got abs, it's morally incorrect to keep them hidden. Sonakshi Sinha working her cool-girl spell as per usual in these culottes cropped top and patchwork jacket set by Anamika Khanna. Shilpa Shetty KundraShilpa Shetty Kundra flaunting her statuesque figure in this metallic sari-gown by Amit Aggarwal. If you’re looking for a form-flattering, modern silhouette, this is it. Sonam Kapoor AhujaAlways ahead of the curve, Sonam Kapoor Ahuja looked splendid in an off-white, plunging kurta and pant set, teamed with a blazer and a gold choker. Calling out all the risk-taker who can efficiently strut in in this décolletage neckline bearing ensemble. Sara Ali KhanThe next-gen Bollywood actress looked like a vision in a navy-blue copped top and flared palazzo set by Nupur Kanoi. If you’re looking for a blend of Indian and western sensibilities, this ensemble is perfect for you. Janhvi KapoorThe young and effervescent Janhvi Kapoor opted for a ruffled, cropped white shirt over her shimmering, powder blue lehenga by Abu Jani-Sandeep Khosla. An innovative trick to offset the look by keeping the bottom half heavy and upper half light.					 Dressing up for festivities is something that we all look forward to. Yes, we love Diwali and everything that comes with it. But wait. How exactly do you embrace the festive spirit at your workplace without going overboard? We are here to help you with your dilemma. Here is a list of some fun outfits that you can flaunt at your workplace without hassle. Pair with palazzos Palazzos are effortlessly stylish and comfortable. They are an undeniable fashion must-have. Pair them up with a stylish silk or georgette blouse with traditional prints. Add a chunky beaded ethnic necklace to complete your look. How about a long, elegant kurti to go along with a pair of flared palazzos? We love this look because it is sophisticated and oh-so-stunning. Go ahead and throw on some bangles to amp up the ethnic quotient. Now that we're talking about comfort, what are your thoughts on rocking a pair of smart and versatile cigarette pants with that long kurti? Easy on the eyes and tasteful, cigarette pants look good with almost every type of kurti! Fancy donning a long embroidered jacket along with your palazzos? These jackets will add extra definition and detail to your ensemble. Here's a quick example for you to nail this look. Pair a long white kurti with white palazzos and add a long, printed jacket over it. Throw on a pair of Kolhapuris for that extra oomph. Complete your ensemble by wearing a pair of stunning chandelier or drop earrings. Sari, not sorry!Timelessly beautiful, saris are something that Indian women love wearing. Fabrics like cotton, khadi, silk, and linen promise comfort and look extremely graceful. Similarly, chiffon saris are light and scream elegance. Stick to the pastel palette if you're not entirely comfortable with wearing bold colours to work. Add a cute little bindi and you will be good to go! Not comfortable wearing your regular sari blouse to the office? Worry not! How about a shirt blouse instead? Our Bollywood divas have been in love with this trend for quite some time now and we think it's time that you did too! Pair a crisp full-sleeved shirt blouse with a cotton or linen sari and voila! You have yourself a drop-dead gorgeous outfit that you can comfortably flaunt at your workplace. Cute and quirky peplum blouses are all the rage in town these days. Go ahead and try one out with your sari.  Twist to the originalsKurti dresses are pretty much like the 'LBD' of ethnic fashion; you must have at least one in your wardrobe! Angarakha and shirt-style kurtis make us swoon. Also, they look great with every body type! Wear a smart shirt with a printed long skirt… Who says skirts can't be worn with a buttoned shirt? This look has been all the rage in town this festive season. Pair a flared long skirt with a crisp, well-fitted shirt and get ready to make heads turn all day. Oh! Tasselled earrings work exceptionally well with this outfit. Back to the basicsHow can we not mention the quintessential ethnic work-fashion piece? Ladies, the quaint and angelic white Chikankari kurti can be your lifesaver during the festivities. Throw on a bright coloured dupatta over it for that happy burst of colour. Bandhani and Phulkari dupattas are our personal favourite! You can try on a statement neckpiece or a pair of oxidised jhumkas to go with it. Not feeling experimental? Stick to the classic anarkali. Ladies, you can never go wrong with this one. Opt for floor length and heavily flared anarkalis. The high raised A-line cut makes them look exquisite no matter the body type. How about going one step ahead with some mesmerising chaandbali earrings? You can also wear a nice front open anarkali kurti with your favourite pair of dark jeans. So there you have it! Your very own handy guide for flaunting ethnic wears at your workplace this Diwali! Text: Sanika Tamhane  Got too much to do with almost no time? Well, don’t worry as we have a look book of your next five days right here! Pick your favourite looks and shine on this Diwali. Femina puts together a variety of looks, ensuring that women of all ages get to look their best self this very Diwali. DAY ONE: DHANTERAS Raisin Option AStyle: We recommend an asymmetric kurta. A kurta is not only comfortable to wear but looks oh-so-chic, especially if there is a design element that adds to the look. The asymmetric style gives it an edgy look. If the neckline is low, then team it up with a chunky choker and mid-sized studs in the ear. If the neckline is high, leave the neck jewellery-less and wear chunky earrings. Add some bangles and finger rings and you're set.Makeup: Rosy glow makeup would look perfect with this. Apply subtle blush strokes that make your cheeks pop by adding a touch of extra blush along cheekbones, blending out toward your temples. Nude lips with defined eyes will complete the look. Punit BalanaOption BStyle: For the same vibe, but a different look, go for a layered dhoti pant teamed with a fitted top. The dhoti pant can be of a single colour and the top with it can be in a traditional print, or vice versa. The juxtaposition of plain and print makes for an interesting visual, and balances the look. Drape a long scarf around your neck, or tie it like a turban on your head to quirk it up. Round hoops at your ears and chunky bangles will complete the look.Makeup: To compliment this look we would suggest mauve accents as a preferred makeup looks. Mauve is one of those perfect shades for transitioning from warm weather to cooler temperatures because it feels more dramatic than summery shades. DAY TWO: NARKACHATRUDASHI Option AStyle: Try a sharara with a matching short kurta and dupatta. A monotone colour scheme looks subtle yet striking with the embellishments. Accessories with chaandbaalis and multiple bangles in contrasting colour.  Makeup: Highlight the eyes and the lashes with thick eyeliner and long lashes. Add faux lashes if needed. Keep the rest of the makeup nude, with just a gloss over the lips. MishruOption BStyle: Make your regular kurta stand out with an interesting bottom! Wear a slit pant that are not only comfort-plus, but take your look to the next level. To complete this look accessorise yourself with a silver oxidised choker along with matching jhumkas.Makeup:  Brighten up your face by the prominence of a highlighter unlike contouring, which has slowly but surely been disappearing from our radar, whereas highlighting has consistently been a great route for emphasizing points of your face where the light hits. Just a touch on your Cupid's bow, cheekbones, and brow arches give your skin a naturally gorgeous finish. DAY THREE: LAXMI POOJA Abu Jani Sandeep KhoslaOption AStyle: This is a day of giving ode to the goddess of wealth, Laxmi. As gold is worshipped on this day, it is apt that you wear that colour too. Wear a monotone gold sari with an embellished border. The blouse can be in a design of your choice. Ensure you wear bold earrings. The neckpiece and bangles can be as blouse design too. A maangtika won’t look amiss. Makeup: To complement the sari, you should go with matt gold eyeshadow with brown smudged eyeliner giving a smoky gold look. Neutral brown lip shade is the only other makeup you need. Anita DongreOption BStyle: A traditional sari never goes amiss! Opt for a Banarasi silk sari with rich metallic embellishments on the borders and the pallu. The blouse design can be as per your choice. Keep the jewellery traditional too. Kundan neck piece and earrings with coloured bangles and a kundan cuff is what will look best.Makeup: To enhance the overall look, keep your makeup subtle. Just put on thin wings on the eyes and nude lips with contoured cheeks. DAY FOUR: PADVA Tarun TahilianiOption AStyle: A cream coloured mid-thigh length dress-like kurta worn over flared pallazos make for an uber-chic style that will have you looking oh-so-stylish this day. If you don’t mind to show off that pristine clear skin, have a deep V neck, but if not, opt for this in a smaller V neckline. With the deep V-neck, you can wear a bold choker in the neck and mid-sized studs in your ears. Makeup: To add just a little more glamour to this look, sport rich red lips. Use a nude or light brown coloured eye shadow and just highlight the eyes with crisp eyeliner. Arpita Mehta Option BStyle: A georgette or crepe sari with flounces on one side takes the traditional sari to a new level. Have the sari in a plain fabric or just a printed one. Have the blouse heavily embellished to add the festive touch to the look. Add a matching belt over the sari and pallu to add a glam quotient. Statement earrings and a cuff at the wrist with a statement ring on the other hand… that’s the only jewellery you need for this look.Makeup: Get your eyes to do all the talking. Using the same colour as on the outfit, have your eye liner coloured, bold and bright. Keep the rest of the makeup in complete nude. DAY FIVE: BHAIDOOJ House of MasabaOption AStyle: Give your style an edge with an off-shoulder dress that follows similar asymmetry at the hem too. Pair it with straight pants and you’re ready. Wear a multi-layered long neck piece with matching pair of earrings. A funky armlet on the side where the dress doesn’t have shoulder support and some layered bangles will look very chic.Makeup: For an edgy ensemble, you need edgy makeup too. Why not opt for multi-coloured eyeliners? Use two different colours for the line above and below the eyes. A little shimmer on the eyelids and fresh pink lips is all you need. Pooja ShroffOption BStyle: A boat-neck kurta that is asymettric at the hem is also an option you can choose. From below the waist to floor-length, the hemline is in an inverted U-shape, making for an interesting design detail. Wear it over draped pants and this look will make heads turn. Wear printed top with plain bottom or vice versa. Wear oxydised choker and cuffs at your wrist, and you’re set.Makeup: Go matte for this look. Brown matte lipstick with subtle smoky eyes and you’re ready to rock the look. - Inputs by Nondini Dhawan  													If the idea of stepping out in heavier-than-your-body-weight lehengas making you want to ditch those Diwali events, we’ve got some good news for you. If you’re not the kind of person who likes to go all OTT with your Diwali looks, the brocade trend is tailor-made for you. While it's traditional and looks opulent, brocade silhouettes are also light-weight and functional. It will help you dance the night away in comfort. Kareena Kapoor Khan and Tara Sutaria made the perfect case for this trend, by looking festive-ready in these brocade ensembles, without comprising on the glamour quotient. Here’s a list of celebrities who will convince you to invest in a brocade kurta, lehenga or Anarkali for all the upcoming soirees you’re planning to attend. Swara BhaskarSwara Bhaskar opted for this six-yards of beauty, and styled it with a pair of shoulder dusters, keeping it elegant and chic. Karisma KapoorThe undisputed queen of style, Karisma Kapoor paired her brocade skirt with a simple white shirt. A styling trick you can incorporate if you want a fusion look. Mrunal ThakurThe versatile actress opted for mustard, brocade sharara set, an ideal look for day-time pujas and Diwali lunches. Esha GuptaEsha Gupta chose a bright, neon kurta set and styled it with a pair of statement earrings, a look you can easily recreate for the next card party. Alia BhattAlia Bhatt perfectly balanced her fiery red kurta and palazzo set with a pair of long, gold chandelier earring and a sleek bun. A classic look, one for the books.					Diwali , the festival of light, is a perfect celebration of all things bright. For those who love the style, Diwali gives them the right excuses to put their fashionable foot forward while the friends, family and loved ones come together to celebrate. If you're wondering about the Diwali fashion trends to follow, we've all the perfect compilation to strut in style for the glittering evenings.These Diwali fashion trends will also help you navigate the gifting dilemma for your girl gang and lovely women of your lives. This Diwali, you can channelize your inner diva as you get to exude exuberance, glitz and glamor in the stylish latest fashion from our perfect festive picks. Want to know which Diwali trends to pick that suit your innate style? Scroll below:Diwali Fashion Trends: Minimum Is MaximumThis Diwali, try your hands on some exhilarating minimalistic fashion . Minimalistic outfits are all the rage this season, and this Diwali, you can make the most of it. The basic principle of minimalistic fashion is to keep it simple. You can endorse a simple sari look, clubbed with natural makeup and light jewelry to mark the occasion. This Diwali fashion trend  will help you keep light and would make your celebration free of fuss. And whoever said, less is more, are obviously right. Try and find out! Tip:  You can use the art of layering to add charm to your minimalistic approach. Play up your look by mixing different textures. Diwali Fashion Trends: PalazzosPalazzos have made a distinct place in our hearts with their easy-breezy appeal and ultra-comfortable carryings. The best part about this Diwali fashion trend is that you can pair it with a crop top, tunic, kurta, Anarkali or even with a choli, and would eventually emerge out as the fashionista . Palazzos are also a top fave outfit style favored by celebs. Tip:  With a wide-legged palazzo pant , try long kurtas to add dimension to your outfit. If you're pairing it up with a tunic or long top, glam up with accessories like belts for add some definition to your look. This Diwali, show off some printed perfection Printed Maxi dresses are everybody's top favorite outfit, no matter the occasion. Come Diwali, try and pick some printed maxi dresses that match the festive appeal and accentuate your fashion game . You can go for an ethnic range, which is available in most brands or prefers something simplistic. Take cues from your favorite celebs and up your festive style game in printed maxi dresses .Tips: Don't go overboard by mixing too many different prints. However, if you're mixing patterns, don't blend more than two types of prints in your look. Go ethnic, this Diwali, with the veritable vestsWhether you are a lover of all things simple or adore a jazzed-up look, an ethnic vest, popularly known as Koti, can be the perfect pick this Diwali season. Pair it with your Anarkali, long kurta or a simple top, your festive fashion appeal would be unmatchable in this spunky Diwali fashion trend . Team it up with right accessories, and voila!Tip: Pay extra attention to the right fit. Vest, if not of the perfect fit, can break your look. This Diwali has a sequined affairThere can never be enough of sequins love possible in this world. A little bit of glitter can add the oomph to your look, making you the dazzling diva of every party. Sequins have been in vogue for quite some time. This Diwali, try on a sequined range of outfits at the glittering festivities . From sequined saris to skirts and even kurta, there's nothing that can't handle the sequin shine with elan. What would be your pick?Tips:  You look can be made much better if you add some bold colors to compliment sequins. With sequined outfits, chunky or clunky jewellery or excess accessories should be avoided. Ethnic pants are in vogue this DiwaliGone are the days when bottom wears cam with a limited range of varieties. This Diwali put your fashionable foot forward in ethnic pants. From intricately embroidered range to brocade and zari patterns, ethnic pants are all the rage this season. Pair them up with your fave kurta or crop top, the choice is all yours.Tips: Right fit is the right tip for ethnic pants fashion . Make sure the length of your kurta doesn't kill the charm of your pants. Crop top and lehenga - the perfect trend to pick this DiwaliEndorsed by all your fave celebs, crop top and lehenga combination tops our list of traditional yet spunky Diwali wear . With the accentuated oomph of the crop top and desi touch of the lehenga , this look is a sure-shot heart winner. Go plain or glittery, or printed or embroidered, there are more than one ways to rock this Diwali fashion trend. What would you choose?Tips:  Keep heavy jewellery at bay, if trying this fashion trend. It's best if you choose a simpler neckline for your crop top if you plan to wear jewelry , especially the heavy ones. Bring in comfort and fashion in dhoti salwarsDhoti salwar is a perfect blend of comfort, style and chic statement. Pair them up with a bold tank top or traditional kurtas, their appeal is undeniable. Be the head turner in this fancy, fashionable fad , this Diwali. To add more to your look, team it up with indo-western chic makeup and accessories and you're all set to rock the Diwali party this time.Tips: Do not wear a dupatta if you opt to team up your dhoti salwar with the jacket. Best to be paired with short kurta to show off the fun style. 'Cos c o-ords are in fashionAdd a twist of fusion to your festive wear with this Diwali fashion trend. Co-ords have been making a wave in the fashion scene for some time, and it's your turn to turn up the heat, this Diwali, in these new style trends .Tips: Try light jewelry and minimum accessories with this trendy look . Pay attention to the fit of your co-ord wear to avoid making it look slumpy. Bring on the desi Diwali swag in brocade This Diwali, move over the usual desi prints and try something quintessentially traditional. Brocades have been the crown jewel of the Indian textile landscape. Go for a brocade print sari or try this Diwali fashion trend in skirts or salwar-kameez. You can add the edginess to your look by going for deep-neck blouses and floral sari . Try brocade in silk or velvet to bring out its original charm.Tips:  Don't be afraid to mix and match patterned accessories with brocade. Just keep the same color family and vary the scale, and patterns, if you'd like.  Show off shararaWhy go for mundane skirt look when you can strut in style in a sharara? Ultra-comfy and edgy, this style has been the talk of the fashion town and also a celebrity-loved trend . Try long slits, sheer or mesh, there are multiple varieties of shararas to style for Diwali. Tips:  The best way to flaunt your sharara look is by teaming it up with short Kurtis. Sari with jacket are all the rage, this DiwaliWhat can be a better way to sport a sari with a fun jacket, this Diwali! This fashion fad has been making waves for its boss-lady vibes. Last season, saris with capes were the IT thing, whereas, this year, it's uber-cool to pair a  sari with a jacket . A jacket on top of your sari can totally turn around your look. From traditionally dull, you can go on to become chic and smart in a sari with just one layer. Isn't this cool? Tips:  If you sari is heavily embellished, go for bold-hued jackets . Don't be afraid of mixing textures. Full of fashion and flare Dramatic blouse sleeves have been a head turning fashion trend . This festive season, try on flared sleeved blouses with your sari and add the much-needed spunk to your desi look . You can go for long or short variety and can also opt for deep back neck for additional appeal.Tips:  If you want your blouse to do the talking, try keeping your sari simple for the occasion. Go for heavy earrings and void neckpieces. Bangles would also not be needed with this fashion trend. Diwali Fashion Trends: FAQs 1. What to wear for Diwali Diwali is the time to celebrate with your family. It is also about celebrating our colorful traditions and vibrant culture. However, what you choose to wear should stem out from your idea of âÂÂâÂÂcomfort. If you're comfortable in salwar-kameer or sari or a pant-suit or shorts, you should totally rock it with all your confidence, and fashion and trends would follow! 2. Which dress code fits for the Diwali festival? Ideally, people generally prefer wearing traditional outfits like saris, lehengas and salwar-kameer. There are several other varieties of ethnic outfits from regional areas that can be totally your pick this Diwali. If you're celebrating the festival at home, you can go for something that gives you comfort and mobility as well as style. However, if you're spending this festive time outside the home, you can try new trends and styles like ethnic pants, dhoti salwar, among others. Our advice would be to blend comfort and fashion to have a great time. 3. Is it ok to wear a black color dress on Diwali? Several people in Indian people believe that black should not be picked up to wear on Diwali day. Independently, you can decide to wear the color that you want. But, the festive feeling is all about joy and celebration with your loved ones. It's best if you take advice from a family member to avoid hurting any sentiments on this auspicious day. Somewhere in a far-off land, Cher Wolowitz and Carrie Bradshaw are silently approving the comeback of the mini skirt. Full props to the millennial celebrity brigade in Bollywood for single-handedly bringing back the classic trend into our lives. Ananya Panday and Janhvi Kapoor have managed to sport the trend in versatile ways. Whether they’re hitting the red carpet, or flexing their off-duty style while enjoying a Sunday brunch at Bastian, the young actresses have decoded multiple ways of wearing the tiny silhouette. Here’s a list of different ways in which you can style the ‘it’ trend of the season. Ananya PandayUpdate your work wardrobe with this beige twin set by Ulyana Sergeenko, and put your game face on, just like Ananya Panday did.Copy this Clueless inspired look for a date or a luncheon with friends.  Tara SutariaThe next time you want to colour block your look with a pop of neon, take a hint from Tara Sutraria’s Topshop skirt styled with a black and white blouse.If you’re going for a fun and flirty look, Tara Sutaria’s soda orange, skirt and jacket set is perfect for you. Sara Ali KhanIf sporty-chic is your vibe, opt for this sleek black skirt, and cropped top from Puma. Style it with a pastel jacket and a pair of trendy kicks, like Sara Ali Khan.  Priyanka Chopra JonasLet’s just say Priyanka Chopra Jonas knocked it out of the park with this turquoise turtle neck and mohair skirt ensemble by Max Mara and so can you. Janhvi KapoorTrust Janhvi Kapoor to teach you a thing or two on how to smartly blend retro with metallic, while working the mini skirt trend. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon demonstrating her street style best in an electric blue, asymmetrical skirt and jacket set by Farah Sanjana. Deepika PadukoneDoesn’t matter if you don’t have endless legs like Deepika Padukone, you can still wear this slogan patched, denim skirt and jacket by Kanika Goyal and look like a complete stunner. Kiara AdvaniKiara Advani looked effervescent in this powder pink, semi-sheer blouse and skirt by Anushka Khanna. This look is tailor-made for your next all-girls trip in an exotic location.					If you’re looking to elevate your festive wardrobe this season, take inspiration from these leading ladies who have opted for some unusual and gravity-defying blouse styles. From exaggerated shoulders to some risqué cuts with décolletage detail, these statement-making pieces are all you need. Traditional blouses are constantly being reinvented with a modern twist. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja kept it simple with a scarlet blouse, bearing an asymmetrical front opening. Sara Ali Khan opted for a sheer blouse with 3D floral applique. Want to step out of your comfort zone and experiment with your sartorial choices? Fret not, we’ve got you covered. Here’s our edit of all the styles in which you can interpret the unusual blouse trend. Ananya Pandayif you’re all about flaunting your curves, this barely-there, silver embellished blouse by Sabyasachi is perfect for you. Tara SutariaThis aqua blue, corset with an added rib cage detail by Papa don’t preach is the ideal fusion wear. Sara Ali KhanSara Ali Khan doesn’t play by the rule. Case in point – this all-black, power shouldered blouse with a 3D texture she was recently seen in. If you don’t like to keep it subtle, this Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla number is tailor-made for you. Shraddha KapoorShraddha Kapoor redefines elegance in this sage green, peplum blouse by Kresha Bajaj. Kriti SanonTrust Kriti Sanon to effortlessly work this metallic, hot pink, piece-of-art by Amit Aggarwal. Sonam Kapoor AhujaThis red, floral printed Vedika M blouse on Sonam Kapoor Ahuja may look simple to you from the front, but the back detail is where you get your money shot.Another day another Sonam Kapoor Ahuja outfit you bookmark for future reference. The actress styled this Tamil print sari by House of Masaba with an off-shouldered, balloon sleeved blouse. Priyanka Chopra JonasThe original desi girl raising the oomph factor in this printed Sabyasachi bralette, styled with a ruffled sari. Brownie points on keeping it subtle yet sensuous. Aditi Rao HydariKnown as the ethereal princess of Bollywood, Aditi Rao Hydari looked striking in this midnight-blue, semi-sheer, cut-out blouse by Falguni Shane Peacock. Katrina KaifIf there’s anybody who can work this plunging neckline, ruffle sleeved blouse by Manish Malhotra, it’s Katrina Kaif. Konkona SensharmaThe power-house actress has mastered the art of keeping it easy-chic. Seen here in a mandarin collared bubblegum pink blouse, paired with a smoke grey sari designed by Arjun Saluja. Jacqueline FernandezThe glamour goddess looked like a complete head turned in this rose pink, semi-sheer, ruffle sleeved blouse by Falguni Shane Peacock.					Athleisure is slowly revolutionising as the streetwear in India. Credit the enthusiastic paparazzi culture for capturing your favourite celebrities as they step in and out of the city’s hottest workout spots. We bet, by now you know that Sara Ali Khan is a Pilate’s girl, Malika Arora swears by yoga and Alia Bhatt likes to do it all, because she can. If their rock-solid abs don’t motivate you to drop the packet of chips and hit the gym, their comfortable-chic range of tracksuits definitely will. From cropped hoodies, neon jackets, and colour-blocked bombers to racer-back sports bras, and graphic printed tank tops, there’s a plethora of options to pick from. Kareena Kapoor Khan has mastered the art of more is more, even when it comes to activewear, she likes to add a pop of colour or a shade of neon. Mira Rajput Kapoor, on the other hand, is often sighted in abstract printed, neutral coloured athleisure to the gym. Here’s our edit of all the celebrity-approved tracksuits you need to invest in.  Malaika Arora Style the animal print set with a solid coloured jacket, just like Malaika Arora did. Vaani Kapoor and Sophie ChoudryIf you’re not a fan of all thing matching, opt for a neutral coloured sports bra and legging combination and round it up with a cropped jacket like Vaani Kapoor. You can also use an element of colour from the rest of your clothing in your bomber, just like Sophie Choudry. Kriti Sanon Flaunt your toned midriff in a cropped red T-shirt and track like Kriti Sanon. Elevate your style quotient with this sage green, racer-back sports bra and yoga pants, pair it with a soda orange jacket for that additional burst of colour.  Kiara AdvaniIf understated sexy with a hint of femininity is your vibe, pick Kiara Ali Advani’s bubblegum pink tracksuit while catching your next red-eye.  Mira Rajput Kapoor Mira Rajput Kapoor’s printed tracksuit with a single coloured jacket is for those like to mix it up prints and patterns in their workout wardrobe.  Kareena Kapoor Khan Trust Kareena Kapoor Khan to make you want to revisit the neon trend, full points on getting it right by styling it on an all-black outfit.					The Chopra sisters have demonstrated an alternative way to wear the popular pantsuit. Priyanka Chopra Jonas stepped out in powder pink, satin pantsuit by label Munthe, for the inaugural NBA India Game. Chopra-Jonas opted for this loose-fitted, power suit in a pastel hue, ditching the dark-toned, form-flattering version she’s generally seen in. Parineeti Chopra’s choice of the satin suit will convince you to invest in one. The junior Chopra sister was first seen working the trend in a pearl white suit, from the Tommy Hilfiger and Zendaya collaboration. Not many moons later, the actress chose a similar outfit, this time a navy-blue number by H&M, rounded off the look with a Celine belt and a pair of closed-toe pumps. Look at all the latest additions to this statement-making trend. Priyanka Chopra Jonas The tangerine pantsuit makes the perfect case for easy-chic date-night dressing.  Parineeti ChopraThis off-white suit is a definite game-changer in relaxed power dressing.If you’re looking to shuffle between work and leisure on a Friday night, this H&M navy suit is all you need.  Katrina Kaif This periwinkle blue suit with a long jacket by Michelle Mason strikes the ultimate balance between semi-casual and formal. Shamita Shetty This House of CB, nude-pink suit is ideal for you if power dressing with a hint of glamour is your vibe.					Sonam Kapoor Ahuja, Priyanka Chopra Jonas, Anushka Sharma and Alia Bhatt will convince you to trade the heavy-weight ethnic silhouettes for these elegant printed saris this festive season. Just in time when you’re planning your wardrobe for all the upcoming Diwali parties, these leading ladies have served some serious sartorial inspiration for you. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja and Priyanka Chopra Jonas were seen sporting the trend during their movie promotions, Anushka Sharma was draped in the printed 6 yards for an award function. Here’s our edit of all the printed saris you need to bookmark for the upcoming festivities. Priyanka Chopra Jonas opted for this black, floral-printed sari by Sabyasachi and styled it with her signature sleeveless blouse. She looked like a complete head-turner when she stepped out for the promotion of her upcoming movie. During which, she rocked another printed number by the same label, this time in an off-white and red combination with a retro, polka dotted twist. If there’s a new trend on the horizon, Sonam Kapoor Ahuja is on the forefront of it. Recently, the actor wore a foliage green, micro-floral printed sari by Masaba Gupta and elevated the look with statement silver jewellery. Kapoor-Ahuja kept it easy-chic, something you can effortlessly recreate.  Anushka Sharma swears by the less in more formula, even when it comes to traditional looks, she likes to keep it minimal. Case in point, the mint-green, floral sari by Sabyasachi that she wore for an award function. Staying true to her aesthetic, she rounded off the look with statement shoulder dusters and a messy bun.  Planning the next event on your social calendar and wondering what to wear? Take cues from Kriti Sanon. The marsala hued, printed floral sari with ruffle detail by Arpita Mehta is perfect for all the upcoming Diwali Poojas as well as the late-night card parties.  Madhuri Dixit Nene epitomises grace like no other, and there’s nobody who defines timeless beauty like her. Every time she serves a look, you sit up and take notes. If bold and bright colours aren’t your style, you can opt for this pastel pink, printed organza sari by Jade like the beautiful actress did.					Though this chic phenomenon is not entirely new, its popularity among people is on a rise thanks to its flamboyant presence on social media platforms. If done right, this a la mode fashion can add that extra bit of oomph to your attire. Take a moment and reminisce about the days when we would send out anxious messages to our gang asking them about their outfits. What they were donning for the night? What if our outfits matched? The horror! These momentous precautions have a taken a back seat with changing times.  Matching outfits with your friend is no more a faux pas. Instead, it has become a raging and super fun trend that is here to stay! Twinning as a trend first emerged in South Korea’s K-pop culture. While coordinating your outfits completely is not an anomaly entirely, it can overpower the essence of your real personality and make you look, umm, a little too alike. But hey! We’ve got you covered. Have a look at these simple tips and tricks to ace the twinning game. Go ahead and make that winning statement with your fashion twin! One colour palette, multiple outfitsThis is a great way to flaunt the twin-win look without being too discernible. No worries even if you and bestie have different taste when it comes to styling your clothes. The main idea is to predominantly stay within the same colour palette and explore varied outfits. Think Gigi Hadid’s and Kendal Jenner’s iconic twin ensembles Match your fabricsHere’s an easy breezy example to help you get a better idea about this tip.  You can wear a chic eyelet white cotton dress with and your twin can throw on a white top having a similar eyelet detail. Dressing in tandem with your friend in this way leaves a lot of room for experimentation.  Top to bottom! Bottom to top!Interchanging the colours of your outfit with your BFF can be really fun. Fancy sporting a cute baby pink skirt with a pastel blue top? Your BFF, on the other hand, can rock a baby pink top with a pastel blue skirt. Think out of the boxWhat’s the first thing that comes to your mind when you think about twinning? Matching your garbs, right? While this is the most popular choice, there are some other subtle ways in which you can strut your way into the twin parade. How about getting matching phone covers? You are your fashion twin will be carrying around your phone pretty much everywhere. Bring out those accessories There are a myriad of ways in which you can elevate your twinning game without synchronizing your outfits from head to toe. Add a pair of matching oxidized tribal jhumkas to your ensemble for that subtle yet classy twinning look.  So there you have it! Your very own handy guide which will aid you in conquering this super-fun trend. Lastly, we would just want to remind you that twinning is not about replicating each other’s clothes. Don’t strive to look identical! It is one thing to twin your outfit with a person and another to look like their clone. Maintaining your identity is of crucial importance. Reflect on of your personal sense of style. Ensure that your individual personality shines through your matching outfit. A lot is shouldered by the details therein. The aim is not to look like identical twins. You want to alike but different. You can wear the same shirt but pair it up with different bottoms. Wear dresses with a similar length but different prints. Yes, twinning can be that effortless. In the recent times, we have seen the resurgence of power suits in all patterns and prints, but the one to recur on our Instagram feed time and again is the black power suit. Available in different cuts, silhouettes, and styles, these suits are the epitome of elegance and smartness, and can be styled in multiple ways. Some of the most striking pieces donned by Bollywood divas are listed below; have a look:Kareena Kapoor KhanThe one-sleeved suit by Nikhil Thampi definitely steals the limelight.Kangana RanautThis embellished two-piece by Nedret Taciroglu spells power all the way.Fatima Sana ShaikhTrying to find something that’d be perfect for a big office meeting? Look no further. This suit by Khanijo is all you need.Sonam Kapoor AhujaIf you’re someone who thinks bigger is better, then this one by Jacquemus is just the one for you.  Amyra DasturThese separates by Ashish N Soni will set you in your party mood.Shilpa Shetty KundraWhat’s an ideal outfit to wear in a soiree you ask? This is it; by Jacquemus.  Kalki KoechlinThis Armani power suit complemented with a white blouse is the ideal marriage (if that could be a thing) between sophistication and ease. Do you worry about your ugly arms (it's all in your head)? If yes, then puffy sleeves are perfect to hide them while simultaneously making a fashion statement. Kidding. You can wear this trend anyway since it’s one of the raging fads of 2019. From designers and celebrities to influencers and fashion enthusiasts, everyone is celebrating puffy sleeves. While some like Deepika Padukone prefer going all out, others such as Priyanka Chopra Jonas like it minimal yet loud. So, if you want to keep up with the trend, you can either style a top with the detailing with tapered trousers or make them the centre of your outfit by donning a dress with large puffy sleeves. Scroll down to know how some of our leading ladies have styled the trend:Priyanka Chopra JonasDeepika PadukoneSonam Kapoor AhujaAlia BhattAditi Rao HydariSonakshi SinhaMrunal Thakur Any dress that’s below the knee and above the ankle is called tea-length. These dresses that do not reveal much and yet do not hide everything, is a celeb favourite for various reasons. One being, it makes you look uber-classy and sophisticated, and second, it’s fuss-free since the hems fall above the ankle. We list seven celebrities who recently donned tea-length dresses for different occasions. Have a look and take cue from them to stay ahead of the curve:  Sonam Kapoor AhujaKriti SanonPriyanka Chopra JonasDiana PentyKiara AdvaniShilpa Shetty KundraSonakshi Sinha    As the athleisure trend finds more takers and people keep putting comfort first, one thing can be said for sure–sneakers are here to stay. But choosing sneakers doesn’t mean you have to compromise on style! Stay on-trend with this sneaker style guide detailing trends to watch out for. Go all-white like Deepika Padukone and Athiya Shetty.  Turn to chunky sneakers like Ananya Panday and Alia Bhatt.  There’s nothing quite like textured sneakers!  Tie-dye is a raging sneaker trend.   Fluorescent and neon sneakers are hot favourites too. While you probably love standing out from the crowd, make sure you’re not flaunting trends that many are forsaking for classics and functional pieces! Scroll through this fashion guide for what’s already out and what’s still in for this year.  Out: Zebra and cow prints In: Classics like leopard print and polka dots  Out: Mini sunglasses In: Oversized shades  Out: Overalls  In: Utility jumpsuits  													Out: Tiny handbags  In: Clutches and crossbody bags  Did you see American actor Zendaya at the Met Gala 2019 red carpet? She had a Cinderella moment, where the ‘fairy godfather’ flicked his wand, and the black and blue gown by Tommy Hilfiger lit up in blue! This was made possible with technology; the structure inside the dress was made up of metallic plates, LED lights, batteries and wire. At the same event, musician Janelle Monáe wore an exaggerated Christian Siriano balloon-hipped dress that had a motorised blinking eye on one breast! This too was an amalgamation of fashion and technology at its chicest! Katy Perry was one of the foremost though and had worn a LED dress at the Met Gala and during her tour in 2014. It’s not just the celebs that get to wear such high-tech ensembles, even daily wear is getting its fair share of technological advancement. Wrist-worn smart watches or bands have become common in recent years. But, according to a research carried out by UK-based Juniper Research, the trend is shifting to ‘connected clothing’, which is forecasted by them to become $1 billion industry in 2020! Here are some of such cool garments that you can choose from.Jacket phone: What if you could pick up calls, control music volume, and get directions by just taping or brushing the sleeves? Levi and Google have collaborated for a jacket that does just that! Digital yogi: If you’re learning yoga, and want to refine your poses and get them right, these yoga pants are just for you! Brand Nadi X has come up with the pants that sense when your yoga pose needs refining and uses haptic feedback to create small vibrations on the body part you need to adjust.Swimming in sun: We’re always worried about just how much sunscreen to apply when on the beach, wearing swimwear. Brand Neviano has come up with stylish swimsuits that have a water-proof a UV sensor that detects if the UV rays are high and if you need more sunscreen to be applied! Research is also being done on how else to incorporate technology into fashion in order to make our life easier. At Deakin University’s Institute for Frontier Materials, they’re looking into developing fibres that can store energy. They’re hoping to make garments that can be used to charge phones and other small devices. Imagine slipping your discharged phone into your pocket, and it comes out charged! Well, with more and more of our lives getting touched by technology, is this tech-forward fashion really a surprise? 													Animal printed or in fabrics like suede or PVC, thigh-high boots amp up the look of any outfit. You can either pair it with a dress, or shorts and a top to make you stand out anywhere you go. To know more ways of teaming the shoes with different garments, scroll down, as some of our leading ladies know exactly how to slay in ‘em: Sonam Kapoor AhujaAlia BhattPriyanka Chopra JonasManushi ChhillarBella HadidKim Kardashian WestKendall Jenner Headed out for a much-needed vacay? We’ve got you covered with an easy-breezy style lookbook. From keeping with the neon trend casually to sporting ubiquitous bold prints, here are few ensembles donned by celebs that make for perfect inspo for your holiday wardrobe.  Day-out LookAnushka Sharma’s casual chic look works perfectly for shopping or sightseeing while Tara Sutaria’s uber cool mini-skirt-and-sneaker combo is trendy to grab a bite or take a stroll to explore. Ananya Panday’s checkered co-ord ensemble is also a stylish option you’d want to include in your outfit checklist. Evening-out LookBold prints are in vogue right now and we recommend slipping into a flowy, romantic dress like Priyanka Chopra Jonas or Disha Patani for an evening out with your friends or family.HikingAlthough our girl PeeCee didn’t exactly head out to trek in this ensemble, a more casual version of this outfit will do. A pair of sturdy boots, crisp khaki shorts and a tee is perfect. You can swing the athleisure way too and slip into track pants and a cotton T-shirt with sneakers. BeachIf you’re travelling to tropical climes a swimsuit has got to be on your to-carry list! Opt for either a monokini or bikini like Disha or sport a cute crochet co-ord like Malaika Arora.BrunchWe LOVE a sharp neon outfit. It’s fresh, cool and lets your steal the limelight in all the right ways. If you’re feeling particularly bold try a casual two-piece like Malaika or don a no-fuss mini like Manushi Chhillar. Date NightBe it to the mountains or the beaches, if you’re travelling with bae, indulging in date-night is a must. You can never go wrong with the classic LBD like Lisa Haydon. If you’re looking for something slightly more casual, try a satin slip dress with gladiator flats like Manushi. You’re sorted! 													One of the jewellery trends that’s making waves among fashion enthusiasts and Bollywood divas alike is layering. Whether you opt for chunky pieces like Esha Gupta or keep it dainty like Sonam Kapoor Ahuja, (both, below) this style is sure to upgrade any look instantly. Take cue from our desi girls on how to style this fad: Sonam Kapoor AhujaPriyanka Chopra JonasDeepika PadukoneSonakshi SinhaShilpa Shetty KundraEsha GuptaSayani Gupta 													Traditional Indian jewellery is known to add a luxe quotient to outfits. However, these marvels of chunky gold, silver and kundan pieces are often limited to ethnic clothing. While pairing them with western wear can seem a little daunting, once you learn the art of flaunting your accessories right, there’s no looking back. Scroll through this look to get started! Sonam Kapoor Ahuja Aditi Rao Hydari Alia BhattSobhita DhulipalaMouni RoySanya Malhotra 													Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas’s wedding is taking over the internet, and we won’t be surprised if that spurs you to plan your own. Picking, rather crafting, the perfect dress for D-day is the most important part of all the preparations (second only to finding your perfect groom). The dress you choose should exude your persona, bring the best out of your features, and crazy complement the dazzling man standing next to you on the altar…there’s too much responsibility on it. We have put together a celeb-approved lookbook for your perusal, go gaga! Sophie TurnerPriyanka Chopra JonasKatrina KaifJacqueline FernandezKiera Knightley Sobhita Dhulipala 													Although sunglasses primarily have a job to protect our eyes from the harsh sun rays, fashion lovers have made them a style statement, and we aren’t complaining. From medium and teeny-weeny to larger-than-life frames, sunglasses have undergone several transformations over the years. Feline frames, a.k.a. cat-eye, rose to fame with Audrey Hepburn’s film, Breakfast at Tiffanys in 1961. Since then, it has graced the faces of several Hollywood and Bollywood celebrities time and again on various occasions. We curated a list of some of our leading ladies who have styled the trend really well. Check them out to up your fashion game: Alia BhattDeepika Padukone Priyanka Chopra Jonas Gigi Hadid Sonam Kapoor Ahuja Kaia Gerber Kangana Ranaut 													Prepping to bag that dream job? Get your formal game on point with AND's work wear collection. A solid resume, great qualifications, and sparkling wit are a definite must have to impress your interviewer. But, equally important is the first impression that you create within the initial few seconds of the meeting. Designer clothing brand—AND has a variety of looks you can sport to leave an impactful first impression.We put together a  no-fail shopping list from AND's range of office wear that spells all things business. Make a style statement with a classic black jump suit. AND recognises jumpsuits with a new-found place in its formal collection for a super chic semblance. Moreover, black is a safe, professional colour that looks flattering on all body types. When in doubt, wear black. If you’re interviewing with a more creative company, opt for this dress with orange and blue stripes. A perfect ensemble for the sassy fashionista who would like to stand out rather than fit in. This ruffled hem aqua dress makes for a great attire option for the corporate climber. Exude confidence while looking both formal and fashionable at the same time. It looks chic and feels so comfortable that you won’t have to worry about a thing. Looking to work at a financial firm or as an executive in a corporation, select neutral tones to give that professional look. Wear a well-fitted dress in a neutral shade to prove that you mean business. Pick this dress from AND that has bow detailing which is a hot trend on the red carpets. This chevron dress with blue stripes strikes the right balance between grace and glamour.  A refined look for the lady who carries many successes in the bag, ready for the next run.													For a more casual work environment, opt for florals to convey a relaxed vibe. A touch of delicate with glam galore... AND's play of prints presents soft pastels paired with an high-waisted trouser in a pop of colour. It's the perfect pick for girls who are marking their presence in the field of fashion.Your wardrobe speaks volumes about yourself. Don’t be afraid to show who you are in the workspace. To shop AND's collection, visit the site.  													While heels have always been spotted at parties and dates, it’s fancy flats that are replacing them on various occasions with its ‘comfort-first’ appeal. With detailings and pop colours becoming the highlight of an outfit, you can play around with different flats while wearing a monotone dress or separates. Here’s a list of Bollywood celebrities who have styled this newborn trend effortlessly: Sonam Kapoor Ahuja Kareena Kapoor KhanAnushka SharmaDia MirzaKriti SanonKiara AdvaniTaapsee Pannu Be it Priyanka Chopra Jonas or Sonam Kapoor Ahuja, all the leading ladies have one thing in common, they are in love with the trending colour of the season—orange. Whether you go head-to-toe in this bright hue like our desi girl or add a dash of it to your ensemble like Alia Bhatt, this shade can brighten anyone, any day. Here is a list of few other celebrities who have carried the shade effortlessly: Priyanka Chopra Jonas Sonam Kapoor Ahuja Alia Bhatt Kangana Ranaut Deepika Padukone Shilpa Shetty Kundra Ananya Panday    													From runways to streets, the maximalist trend of patchwork can be seen everywhere winning hearts of celebrities and fashion enthusiasts, alike. With mixing and matching taking centre-stage, we show you some celeb-approved ways of styling this fad to keep you ahead of the fashion game: Sonam Kapoor AhujaTaapsee PannuPooja HegdeBella HadidSwara BhaskarGigi HadidKarishma Tanna  Priyanka Chopra Jonas flaunted a shimmery asymmetrical dress at the Cannes Film Festival this year, and the trend took over the fashion world like wildfire. Wondering why? One has to give credit to its versatile make that blends flawlessly across cool and casual little dresses to chic evening gowns. What’s more, it adds a playful touch to the attire that evokes a sense of mystery. If you wish to get on this bandwagon, here’s how B-town is making the best of an uneven hemline. Kriti Sanon Malaika AroraLisa HaydonSonam Kapoor AhujaShruti HaasanBhumi Pednekar 													Bows have always been considered as a delicate addition to any outfit that enhances elegance, takes the sass a notch higher, and bestows more definition to the look. However, more often than not they are considered as an add-on than the most striking element of attire. Their sudden, stylish entry in the mainstream haute couture is making heads turn on the red carpet, and we find ourselves wondering… Is the bow trend switching towards the center of the stage? Decide for yourself:  													Casual chokers have been a much loved accessory, adding sass to street style since early 2000s. This year, the choker trend underwent a fashionable transformation making their way in the traditional game. These close-fitting necklaces have the potential of giving a striking definition to any outfit. Well that’s not it, this gorgeous piece of accessory also gives a well-sculpted look to the neck. Bollywood divas are going gaga over traditional chokers… Here’s how you can team your pick to ace the next ethnic look you sport: Go solo with a chunky choker.Don it with an off-shoulder style to make the necklace stand out.Team it with a plain blouse to amp up the drama. Wear it along with a long necklace for a royal touch. Pick one with coloured beads to match with your outfit.Pair it with matching statement earrings. Go for a gold and traditional version of the casual choker, as sleek as stylish. Wondering where to go choker shopping? Here’s something to get you started: Choker sets by Kashi JewellersChunky chokers by Gehna Jewellers 													Dainty chokers by Tanishq 													Everything at the 72nd international Cannes film festival is making news since last 10 days, giving the fashion world its freshest lot to go gaga over. If you’re keeping an eye on all things trending, here are some of the latest looks from the French Riviera.   Bedazzling beautyAdriana Lima looks like a vision in this vivid violet haute couture. Teaming thigh-high slit with a halter neck style, and topping it up with matching earrings and lots and lots of shimmer, Lima’s style is on point!  Pink-a-tonLorena Rae features a sultry play of frills with just the right amount of shine in Rami Kadi. Raise a toast!Natasha Poly dressed in this Versace gown is elegance personified. Shades of Champaign meet subtle yet shiny makeup and a neat hairdo to perfect her look. If you forgot to notice it in Lima’s style, here’s another reason why you should go overboard when it comes to matching the outfit with your jewellery.  A cape escapeHuma Qureshi concluded her Cannes journey in Anamika Khanna, and we couldn’t have asked for a more gorgeous good bye!  Leather luxeNoel Capri goes bold and basic in a glossy, black Zuhair Murad couture.  Beaming ballerinaGet over little black dresses, red is taking over the season as Alina Baikova’s stuns in Zuhair Murad.  Roaring redDua Lipa is charming over the world with her songs as well as her unique sense of style. She lives up to our expectations as she steps in an extravagant ruffled red gown by Valentino. Asymmetrical cut, drop earrings, and glossy bun are some of the richest trends to take from this look.  Exquisite easeLipa keeps the drama going strong in a figure-hugging black silk dress. Her look wows with a dramatic heart choker that’s sure to rage this year!  Dress me daisyKendall Jenner blooms in a pink perfect dress!  Heaven’s harmonyEva Longoria redefines the modern-day angel in a glossy Alberta Ferretti gown.					 Keeping up with Cannes 2019? See what’s trending at the 72nd Cannes Film Festival on Day 8:LUXE TUXSonam Kapoor Ahuja flaunts a custom Ralph And Russo couture tuxedo with Chopard jewellery. GIVE ME SOME SUNSHINEShe also turns heads in a bright yellow custom-made couture dress by Ashi Studio at the launch of the Garden of Kings collection by Chopard. BRIGHT FUTUREGiving a futuristic vibe, Diana Penty looks chic in this metallic dress with Kimono sleeves. CAPE OF STYLEHuma Qureshi looks chic in this sari-cape ensemble by Gaurav Gupta. SHARP AND SOFTAishwarya Rai Bachchan makes the juxtaposition of a strong and sharp jacket with a soft and flouncy skirt, looking oh-so chic! MONOCHROME MAGICElle Fanning flaunts the quintessential Dior look in an ensemble created by Dior creative director, Maria Grazia Chiuri. MEN IN BLACKLeonardo Di Caprio and Brad Pitt look suave in their black tuxedos. RED ALERTModel Winnie Harlow takes the red carpet in a red flounce asymmetric dress by Jean Paul Gaultier. 													Find out what’s trending at the 72nd Cannes Film Festival on Day 7:Angelic oomphAishwarya Rai Bachchan looks like a heaven-sent Goddess in a white ruffle gown by Ashi Studio. Fusing fine textures like feather and tulle, Aishwarya complements her look with dramatic, kohl-rimmed eyes and hair pulled back in a bun.  Denim diariesOnly Aishwarya can make denim look so dazzling! The actor makes us believe that if you layer your outfit right you are bound to make a statement. From denim-on-denim to bold printed blazers and pretty play of accessories, there’s nowhere you can’t don denims, Aishwarya confirms. All this with her signature bright red pout.  Free the frillThe fashionista finally made her Cannes 2019 appearance, and we are in awe! In her first look at the festival, Sonam Kapoor Ahuja steps in like a day dream dressed in a vivid Valentino gown, which features all things frill and fancy. The actor teamed this look with a dainty loose braid, amped with the addition of fresh flowers.  Paint me purpleThis has to be one of the best looks of the season! Sonam’s Elie Saab gown is the exemplary blend of smooth texture and the perfect fall of the fabric, made magical with a lustrous purple hue. What’s more? The trend of exaggerated bow keeps going strong.  Roar of royaltyWhile last week at Cannes has established that gold is the new black, this lavish ensemble by Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla solidifies the trend, and how! Sonam channels her inner maharani in this couture gown exuding some whimsical sari vibes. The actor is at the top of her traditional game with a striking choker that completes the look.  Sheer cheerRussian beauty Natalia Vodianova make heads turn in Versace. Her well-fitted sheer gown fuses soft with shine with a gorgeous spin of texture.																		Keeping up with the Cannes Film Festival 2019? Here’s what made news on Day 6:    A starry affairAishwarya Rai Bachchan sprinkles stardust in her golden mermaid gown by Jean-Louis Sabaji couture. She complements the look with a super sleek side part and subtle shades in makeup.  Fire on firePriyanka Chopra Jonas turns up the heat in an shimmery orange gown, bringing open back style back in the game.  A chain meshChopra keeps the metallic fervour going strong in a chic, wrap-around gown. She whips just the right amount of drama with a halter back style, paired perfectly with a plunging neckline and a high-low hemline.  Beauty boundAdèle Haenel gives the chain-me trend a stronger endorsement with a bold, gold statement neckpiece.  Bird of paradiseDiana Penty shines bright in a feathery yellow ensemble by Atelier Zuhra.  Vintage vibesPenty picks a dazzling beige ballroom gown and completes the look with a neat hairdo, flaunting retro waves.  A frill flingHuma Qureshi takes the dramatic, ruffle route in a metallic grey Gaurav Gupta gown. She uses play of accessory for a pop of colour.  Print perfectQureshi approves of the knotted neckline trend in Ralph Lauren. With basic bold prints, soft pink-hued makeup, and glossy wild waves—the actor has blended the look with utter perfection!					 The Princess Diaries  Priyanka Chopra Jonas looked like a dream in an elegant princess white tulle gown. Larger than lifeDiana Penty’s big bow stole all the attention. Flaunt themKangana Ranaut knows how to rock an off-shoulder blouse.  Keep it lightHuma Qureshi looks whimsical in a white column gown with feather detailing at the hems.  Sparkle up Hina Khan shimmers in a metallic off-shoulder, thigh-high slit gown.     Tulle queenDeepika Padukone was spotted wearing a high-low tiered tulle gown.  Pleat itPriyanka Chopra Jonas in a pleated jumpsuit.  One loveKangana Ranaut approves one-shoulder style. Comfort firstDiana Penty teams balloon sleeves top with a slit skirt.  Bling it onHuma Qureshi shimmers in a blazer-dress.  													Our favourite B-town divas are making heads turn at the Cannes Film Festival 2019! Here’s presenting some of the most-awaited looks of the season, coming to you straight from the Day 3 of the event.   Madame metalllicaPriyanka Chopra Jonas looks ravishing in a Roberto Cavalli ensemble. With Chopra’s stunning look, the trend of polished waves keep going strong at the red carpet. Beguiling basicsDeepika Padukone looks like a vision in a custom Dundas gown and brings back the classic black-n-white on the center-stage. And, didn’t we say the bow trend is going to be a ‘big’ rage this season!  Go gold!Kangana Ranaut stays true to her roots, flaunting a custom Falguni Shane Peacock corset with a Kanjeevaram sari by Madhurya. Kangana gives the traditional attire a striking twist by pairing it with gloves for a touch of romance.  Beauty with a causeBryce Dallas Howard makes sustainable fashion the latest fad by opting for a previously owned outfit.  Power suitsShailene Woodley wows in her boss lady look wearing Christian Dior haute couture.  Drops of dewBella Hadid aces the dewy makeup look, and we are in awe!  Lavender loveHina Khan continues to charm on Day 3 in Maison Armine Ohanyan. Do we see geometric textures making their way in our wardrobe?  Gleaming GoddessLadies, ‘tis time to sparkle! Julianne Moore stuns yet again in Givenchy, balancing it perfectly with a pastel cape. Eva Longoria dazzles in a Cristina Ottaviano statement piece.					Southern France gets lit as stars from all over the world flood the city to attend the 72nd Cannes Film Festival. We have hand-picked some of the most talked-about trends that won hearts on the second day of the event.  The classic red-n-goldAlessandra Ambrosio storms in a dramatic red gown, solidifying our love for thigh-high slits and knotted necklines.  Mermaid magicHina Khan’s Cannes debut is all things sparkle in a stunning silver gown by Ziad Nakad. Her look features the current rage of plunging neckline and peppy play of silver.  Flower powerElle Fanning takes a fresh spin on florals in a floaty dress, made more magical with a milkmaid braid.  Leather loveJulianne Moore comes dressed in a statement Louis Vuitton gown, throwing in just the right amount of leather luxe.  Pretty pastelsFrédérique Bel brings carefree pastel hues to the red carpet, and we’re in awe.  Team textureChris Lee make heads turn in Balmain suit with a strong take on texture.  Shine on shimmerAmber Heard oozes oodles of glam and glimmer, flaunting makeup by L’Oréal Paris. Formal-alleyMonia Chokri make basics look beguiling. Chic sleekSelena Gomez steal hearts in a gorgeous navy blue ensemble, donning a daring deep middle part.					  It’s that time of the year when May gives us a boost of all things glam and glitzy. The 72nd annual Cannes Film Festival got off with a spectacular start on the May 14, and is here for an exciting run till the 25th of this month. To help you keep up with everything that is trending at the red carpet, here’s whipping you a quick look book:  Haute high-slitEva Longoria Baston in Alberta Ferretti blush gown   Chic sheerJulianne Moore dressed in Dior  All-white aesthetics Alessandra Ambrosio flaunting Ralph & Russo Fearless fuchsia Izabel Goulart in a custom Etro gown  Sassy sleek updos Chloë Sevigny and Selena Gomez in Louis Vuitton Polished waves Romee Strijd wearing a lace gown by Etro  Stay tuned for more!																		Hustle is our daily dose of adrenaline, life is happening on the go, and comfort isn’t about leisuring in bed but launching towards new endeavours—we’re the millennials! To cater to the needs of our fast paced lives, here’s listing five new launches of 2019 that will help keep your athleisure game going as strong as stylish. Spykar GymJnsToday, there’s little time for anything, leave changing outfits thrice a day. This is why your favourite denim pants get a sassy makeover with GymJns. Spykar’s newest launch is everything you have been wishing for, think—great fit, comfy fabric, sporty style, and crazy stretchability. GymJns offer a four-way dynamic stretch in comparison to the two-way stretch of their regular variants, which make the switch from fun to fitness and leisure an effortless affair. In addition, it comes with the ease of quick drying for a completely hassle-free experience. All this with a cool and carefree semblance apt for fitness ethusiasts! Reebok PureMove BraAs they say, a good workout begins with the right wardrobe selection. To keep you fit and fabulous, Reebok is here to help you get the best out of your exercise session with PureMove Bra. Reebok’s sports bra offers a seamless fit with breathable perforations that feels like a second skin, so that you can move freely without any distraction. What’s more, you can make a statement with its unique colour collection—cold grey and bold teal.  Santoni SneakersWhoever said one needs to give up comfort for a striking style, didn’t hear about these Italian beauties. Santoni Sneakers team excellence of its ergonomic craft with utter elegance. Santoni’s handcrafted shoes are one of its kind, which adds to a sophisticated look. It’s ideal for professionals who are looking to incorporate athleisure in their work wear wardrobe.  Reebok x Gigi Hadid Clothing CollectionAnother exciting launch from the house of Reebok brings fashion and fitness together, and how! Bold, sporty, and uber-stylish, Reebok x Gigi Hadid clothing collection is an authentic representation of the model’s love for all things athletic. Chunky sneakers, uber-stylish track jackets, retro body suits…there’s a whole range waiting for you! Featuring vivid stripes, color-blocked patterns, and 90s-inspired designs, Gigi made sure to have her love of volleyball come through in each element of the collection.  Skechers D'LitesGoing gaga over the chunky sneaker trend? Skechers D'Lites collection is your playfield; go pick a pair that suits you the best! Skechers’ all-new range of sneakers showcases a wide range of dad-shoes that reiterates the 90s love for kicks, being offered in an interesting palette of bold, vivid colours.																		Are you letting conventions carve your style? This season, get more creative with your outfits! Instead of steering straight to the women’s section, why not explore the crazy potential of menswear to get more out of our wardrobe. Stepping away from trends won’t just feel like a breath of fresh air but will also make you stand out stylishly within your clan. Here’s how: Baggy jacketsWe’ve said it enough time that capes are taking over the season. From casual western to ethnic and formal wear, they can be seen everywhere. Pick an easy-fitting men’s jacket to take your breezy summer look a few notches higher. Basic teesLoose clothes are the way of the season. Swap your fitted T-shirt for a men’s tee that hangs loose and helps you beat the heat in style. You’ll be surprised with the range of cool graphics that the collection offers. Tuck the tee in to give your outfit a sultry definition.  													Blazers If you are building your boss lady wardrobe, opt for a blazer to complete your formal look. Picking ‘em from the men’s section offer a host of styling hacks. These blazers come with a longer length than their feminine counterparts, which pairs well with short dresses and pencil skirts. They fall comfortably and give even the most basic of outfits a sharp semblance. Wear it unbuttoned and with rolled up sleeves to feign the fit. Button down shirtsFound your preferred print in the men’s section? Take your pick without giving it a second thought. Give your men’s shirt a dainty finish by donning it with a haute high-waist skirt, throwing it over a slim-fitted tee, or better still, go for a tucked-in look with tight pants. Cool capsIf you feel hats and scarves are taming your wild spirit, set it free with caps.  													Power dressing is ruling office corridors as pants, blazers, and tailored suits take centre stage for working women. Six well-known designers show the explorable options:Nikhil ThampiCutting edge“I strongly recommend a blazer as it offers the perfect combination of formal and semi-formal for office-going women. A high-waist pencil skirt is a versatile option, and can be teamed with a variety of tops. You can also don well-fitted trousers, palazzos, and cigarette pants with different blouses for a smart look. Lastly, you can never go wrong with a crisp white or an oversized shirt.”Shruti SanchetiReality bites “With rapid globalisation and increased urbanisation, the average Indian woman is a working one and rubs shoulders with men. Wear outfits keeping cultural ethos, weather conditions, and your body type in mind. Easy-breezy silhouettes that are practical can be worn to work. Linen, chambray, rayon, and cotton are easy to maintain, so I suggest these fabrics. You can opt for neutral colour palettes and smart details, that will give a formal yet stylish spin to your ensemble.”Genes by Lecoanet HemantFuss free“Working women have always been muses for us. To ensure that empowerment shines through, combine clean lines and functionality with impactful details. We believe, mixing of textures and contrasting hues creates a powerful wardrobe. A sleek skirt or trousers in either beige or black are wardrobe essentials. Further, use belts and wallets to bring the look together for a perfect office ensemble.”Saaksha and KinniPrint party“Swap the classic white shirt and black trousers with a printed co-ordinate set. Instead of wearing a monotone pencil skirt, opt for an organza printed bottom, and pair it with a contrasting patterned blouse. You can also replace a plain black pantsuit with a bright-hued top and chequered trousers.Wearing bright prints will not only bring creativity to your work space, but also make the monotony of getting ready fun.” 													Overdoing trends can become ubiquitous and get boring. Only if you knew what a slight change in pattern or an addition of a bold accessory could do to your style, you would never have a dull day again. Here’s bringing you 5 creative ways to spice up your wardrobe this season: Sassy suits It’s no news that pant suits are a big rage in 2019. However, keeping in line with the formal effect, it’s being sported in basic colours and patterns. Make your executive look meet the shimmer trend, go glam with prints and patterns, or swap you pants with a long skirt. Tip: If you're going for shimmer, pick a stripe-patterned suit to strike the right balance.  Big beltsThis is an accessory that has the potential of amping any outfit almost intentionally. Give your dainty collection of slim belts a rest and go for a big, bold variant for striking definition. These belts will also give your outfit a well-fitted semblance.Tip: Stick to colours that can blend well with several outfits. For starters, think black, brown and beige.  Ruffle Formal wear is not the first thought that comes to the mind when we say ruffle. But that need not be the case. Swap that prim pencil skirt for a sassy ruffle skirt or go for haute ruffle sleeves, and give your office wardrobe a flirty twist.Tip: Opt for an office-apt, knee-length skirt and let the ruffle do the talking. You will be the new talk of town.  Plunging neckline B-town divas are going gaga over this trend, and why not! This fashionable tweak can amp an elegant look with a flirty twist. However, their red carpet appearances have made us believe that it’s limited only to the ballroom. It’s time to break out of this myth and sport a plunging neckline in a basic top for a brunch date, or a summer dress for a stroll in the beach. Go wild and pair a black statement piece with a white suit-pant, if you will!Tip: Don this neckline in a no-pattern basic colour to bring the best out of it.  Bow Why should boys have all the fun? Let’s release this fashion favourite from its gender-specific role and make it a part of our work wardrobe.Tip: Play with different delicate designs to add more personality to your outfit. Feminine is in!Go on, give it a go!					Winter is finally over, and we’re happy about the sunny days to be here again. You’ll be shedding those heavy jackets and coats and finally be able to show off the latest trends in fashion as you step out. Here’s looking at the trends this season that will have you turn heads. While the previous year was all sorts of the frivolous extravaganza, this year is more about practical functionality with a generous dollop of extra. Animal printsAnimal prints started making the rounds of runways sometime early last year and in filtered into our closets in full force by the end of the year. The predatory prints from the ’80s had made a massive comeback but with the much-needed makeover! The well-known prints are so much chic and oh so covetable now. What was once considered a bold statement for the wild-hearted is now being sported at ease by the shy too. Cheetah, leopard, snake, zebra, you name it and the print is available at your go-to an e-commerce site. Styling an animal print is a little tricky as you do not want to look like you belong to the circus! Steer clear of heavy fabrics like wools and velvets and opt for smooth and silky outfits such as silks and cotton. Start with a skinny leopard printed bodysuit and boyfriend jeans with boots and work your way up to a snakeskin evening gown with strappy black heels and minimalistic jewellery and you’re all set.  Utility dressingRemember days you were looked down upon for leaving your house in oversized sweats and cargo pants? Well, it turns out that you can proudly flaunt your baggy cargo pants and sneaks this year, all thanks to the utility dressing rage! Welcome to 2019 where function meets fashion in the form of unpolished practicality. It is nothing but practical, laid back and super comfortable clothing. 2019 has functionality written all over it. Imagine practical oversized clothing in muted tones. Combat trousers, chic overalls, trench coats, baggy sweats, sneakers are taking the fashion world with a storm and we aren’t complaining one bit. The key to nailing the perfect utility look is to style the pieces. If you haven’t experimented yet, start with styling functional clothing with tailored pieces. Start with layering an army jacket over a solid black jumpsuit or playsuit with black boots and move ahead. Also, you can jazz up your khaki trench coat with a red lip and a silk scarf for the perfect date look or can sport those ‘ugly’ trainers with a sleep skirt suit at work and be practical, comfortable and oh so chic at the same time. Win-win!  Cycling shortsCycling shorts are nothing new; in fact, Princess Diana regularly sported them with crew necks long ago. Fast forward to 2019, and they are easily the biggest trend of the year. They were unmissable on the runaways and have been marking territory in online and offline stores in abundance. And not, not just in the regular black spandex garment we’ve grown up with but jazzed up in pretty colours and prints and embroidery. It goes without saying that the humble piece of sportswear has graduated the fashion ladder by heaps and how. The garment that was once worn for physical activities is now being sported under blazers to the boardroom. And oh, it is Kim Kardashian approved too! Women all across the globe have taken a fancy for these bodycon shorts and are pairing it off with anything and everything. From boardrooms to date nights to soirees, these shorts are hard to miss. You too could dip your toes in the water by the pairing of a solid coloured one with a loose oversized tee for your regular coffee runs and upgrade by sporting metallic ones underneath blingy long blazers. It isn’t clear on if the trend is here to stay or not, but that doesn’t stop it from being everywhere at the moment! Oversized2019 revolves around the word oversized! From oversized unstructured jackets and t-shirts to oversized huge sunnies and hats, there’s no stopping really! (Yep, that means we would have to put away our skinny sunglasses from last season!) While last season was more sleek and minimal in terms of accessories, this season is all about exaggeration in terms of hats, belts, bags, etc. The tote bag has gotten a makeover and has blown out really big! Loud hair bands- studded, leather, satin etc too seem to have maximized. Sunglasses are big and bold with added adornments. Chunky jewellery in a more natural form rather than being polished would be a hit this year. Belts too are broad and oversized. 80’s fashionThe thumb rule of fashion is that each trend resurfaces after a few years. There are some that we can’t stand and some we welcome with open arms, like the 80’s fashion. The retro fashion has gotten a redo and we can’t wait to see it on the streets. Imagine belted high waist denim and power suits in neon (remember Priyanka Chopra?) and fringed mullets and big hair. Puffy sleeves, ruffles and shoulder pads are more fashionable than you thought. Although the style is more refined and structured than what it was before. Shoulder pads blazers mean business and are definitely not going anywhere for a long time. Ruffles trims tops and dress continue selling like hot cakes. Statement sleeves too are in the running. Expect to see a lot more of the 80’s fashion this year! Text by Ravina SachdevImages by Yogen Shah Some of the colour trends of the year, ruling the ramps and streets alike, are fiesta (red-orange), jester red, turmeric, living coral, pink peacock, pepper stem (yellow-green) and Aspen gold. While hues like Aspen gold and pink peacock became celebs’ favourite in no time, others too are making their way in style. We have a list of celebrities that have flaunted these raging colours in recent times with utmost flair. Have a look: FiestaAlia BhattMalaika Arora Jester RedSonakshi SinhaKalki TurmericKajal AggarwalShilpa Shetty Kundra Living CoralKiara AdvaniKarishma Tanna Pink PeacockFatima Sana ShaikhDiana Penty Pepper StemAthiya ShettySonam Kapoor Ahuja Aspen GoldMadhuri Dixit-NeneRicha Chadha   From age-old terminologies associated with them like mechanism to ‘cinch your waist’ or to give an ‘optical illusion’ to make your body look hourglass shaped, belts have evolved for good. Today, this add-on is not only used to hold your pants up but has also become a statement piece in an outfit. From Sonam Kapoor Ahuja’s ‘barely there’ to Deepika Padukone’s side-knotted belt, we’re talking of an accessory existing in multiple forms. Being aware of its quality to make an ensemble look uber stylish at once, our Bollywood divas are using and reusing them with different sets of separates and outfits. To know how our desi girls have adorned themselves with it, scroll down: Sonam Kapoor AhujaDeepika Padukone Alia Bhatt Fatima Sana Shaikh Katrina KaifPriyanka Chopra JonasShilpa Shetty KundraKalkiVidya BalanKriti Sanon Are you someone who likes to keep up with fashion trends? If yes, then this style will keep you company for a long time to come. We’re talking about animal prints (tiger, zebra, cow, leopard, snake). If you are a maximalist, go for a head-to-toe animal print look. If not, then add a dash of the pattern in the form of an accessory like a scarf, a pair of shoes, trendy sunglasses or a handbag. Being in a country that lives and breathes Bollywood, let’s dive in and have a look at some of our desi girls (and, boy) who have donned the print and carried it well: Priyanka Chopra JonasPeeCee’s snake printed shoes are offsetting the otherwise sophisticated look.  Sonam Kapoor AhujaTeaming a suit with a zebra printed blouse to maintain the balance between ‘work and play’ is the smartest combination you’ll find.  Ranveer SinghWhen our Gully Boy decides to go minimal (Yes, you read right) wearing only one garment with prints.  Kalki If Kalki’s look wasn’t cool enough, the head scarf just added the extra oomph.  Malaika AroraChic all the way! Karishma TannaGo wild like Karishma.  													Gone are the days when eyeglasses were considered unfashionable and boring. Today, there’s no smarter accessory to add to your look. They give a polished appearance that’s both sexy and strong. In fact, the trend is winning so many hearts that not only are they being donned with prescription lenses but also as no-power lenses, purely to make a fashion statement. All for the artsy effect! As we know, 2019 is about going bold and individualistic in your fashion choices. So, go for a fat frame, pick a sleek one in an oversized variant, or take the classic way. Catch on this spectacle rage with these celeb-inspired looks:OVERSIZED glasses clearly lead the list It’s never too modern for the RETRO-ROUND frames Ooomph up with an AVIATOR Sassy and sleek SEMI-RIMLESS framesBack to the BASICS 													Minimalist and sassy, the most appealing jewellery trend of the year spells all things quaint. While statement necklaces and chunky earrings are very much in play, they are limited to adorning occasional events. For an everyday appearance, more and more people are looking for accessories that are glamorous but subtle, and enhances the outfit instead of overpowering it. There’s more to it... The season is witnessing a thrust of natural and wild energy, and animal motifs are being donned everywhere from drop earrings to dainty rings. “Animal motifs like butterfly, peacock, fish etc. have always been an evergreen trend. They depict the beauty of nature and the vibrant shades of one’s personality. The beautiful colours of a butterfly, for instance, depicts particularly well in drop earrings and pendants. If you are buying fashion jewellery, match it right with your outfit to get an effortless quirky look with animal motifs.” Tells Pradnya Mhaske, the Head of Jewellery Design and Merchandising at CaratLane. Check out how the popular jewellery brands are living up to this trend: CaratLane CandereShazeKalki Fashion Malabar Gold and Diamonds  													You might have had a love-hate relationship with chokers, but they became fashionable 500 years ago and are still raging among fashion enthusiasts in their evolved forms. After gaining prominence in 1990, the tattoo choker returned to claim its spot again in 2015. Whereas, today, the velvet, lacy, beaded, chained, and pearled neckpieces are going strong and are constantly metamorphosing in terms of size and material. Not to be left behind, Bollywood actors are walking hand in hand with jewellery trends where ethnic chokers top the list. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja was spotted in a dainty choker adorned with pearls, Kareena Kapoor Khan went for a jadau neckpiece. To know how other B-town divas styled the ‘It’ trend of the season with different outfits, scroll down: Sonam Kapoor AhujaIn Amrapali. Kareena Kapoor KhanIn Anjali Bhimrajka. Deepika PadukoneIn Sabyasachi.  Alia BhattIn Sabyasachi.  Malaika Arora In Satyani Fine Jewels.  Pooja HegdeIn Anita Dongre. Shilpa Shetty KundraIn Rare Heritage.  Katrina KaifIn Tanishq.  Karisma KapoorIn Birdhichand Ghanshyamdas.  Kiara AdvaniIn Joolry.  Bipasha Basu Singh GroverIn Falguni Mehta.					 It’s time for all of us to make a resolution to not fall prey to body figure stereotyping and make it all about self-love. Not trying to hide behind frumpy clothes that do you no justice is one way to do that. Finding out and understanding your body type is something to be thankful for, however making it a stereotype is not. So all the apple body-shaped woman, pear body-shaped and also the full-sized hourglass body-shaped ladies, stop being used to the embarrassing yourself, rather start embracing yourself! With numerous brands breaking the beauty taboo with real-body campaigns and policies we celebrate every woman with perfection. If you are curvy, it is important to dress according to your size. Say goodbye to every oversized clothes and slide into the outfits with the right fit that will hide your problem areas and highlight the right angles of your frame. Styling from top to bottom can bring a vast change in your look. Have a look at some great style tips for real girls who felt too voluptuous to wear certain items, and we're here to blow those myths right out of the water. LINES AND SHAPES You need your first impression to be fab-worthy, and it is all about your lines and shapes that draw the eye. One great trick is to wear monochrome ensembles. This makes the viewer’s eye move up to down, or vice versa, forming one uninterrupted line, which makes you look tall and slim. If you’re looking to enhance those curves, then opt for a bodycon dress in the right fabric like jersey. You can also wear ensembles that have lines narrowing at the waist and spreading away at the bust and the hips. The lines can be in the form of a print, stitches, pleats, etc. A dress with a plunging V-neck and a cinched waist which then flairs out below, also gives the illusion of an hourglass figure.  THE RULE OF THE HEM Knowing where hems or borders should be on your body can help you lengthen the frame. A knee-length skirt, for example, should sit just right under the knee, never around the biggest part of the calf.  The hem of the jeans should be at the ankle, or (even better) an inch or two below. If you are not of average height, buy your clothes, specifically the bottoms from a retailer that gives you perfect length options. Well, hems can be tricky sometimes but the best thing is to not to have a clue about it and find a tailor with a good eye, trust them and learn as you go.  SAY 'NO' TO OVERSIZED CLOTHES Just beanpoles look great in larger than the average dress size! Don’t add volume to your body by wearing oversized dresses. Instead, pick the clothes that are body-skimming (not too tight) and show your curvy side. Say no to a giant t-shirt, but a maxi or kaftans that skim the curves and have some belt at the waist is cool. If you want an easy profile, or if you got your favourite graphic on a tee or tunic then pair it with tighter trousers or jeans and make it to your advantage. MIND THE SHOES It’s always a head-to-toe thing and what you put on your feet that matters. Pointy tips and low heels can make you look slim, whether you are pairing it with a skirt or a pair of pants. Try to find a shoe with a vamp the ends at the top of your toes, other than halfway around. Shoe styles with low vamps include ballet flats and pumps. High-vamp shoes include Mary Janes and loafers. WHAT NOW, ACCESSORIES? Long chains, not chokers are good to go, especially if you got classic apple shape and short neck. Your focus should be on creating long, unbroken lines along your body. No mood of jewellery? Grab a long scarf helps for the same effect. Layering your jewellery is another way of drawing the eye vertically. From choker to long chains, layer with a couple of them together. Even when wearing bangles and bracelets, stack them up.  VOTE FOR LAYERS Contrary to stereotypes, layering doesn’t necessarily add volume. Instead, it sometimes gives your body a definition. Wearing a tank top with a pretty cardigan instead of one-piece dress or T-shirt can help to underline your shape.  Ensure though that you don’t layer with bulky garments.  EMBRACE YOUR HIGH WAIST High-waisted pants are your companion. They help tuck in folds and fat and minimize muffin tops since they end at the slimmest part of the waist. Ensure they're long, finishing at the lower leg or underneath, following the rule of the hemline.  Dress to make yourself feel good, and you will make heads turn!  Text: Akruti Khandkar 													Step into summers with a fresh hair style to set the tone of the season right. Amp it up with a fresh colour hue, cut it short for a sassy touch-up, beat the heat with ponies and buns, or better still…feel the wind in your hair in style with an exaggerated side parting. Here’s how to take on the sunny spirit, this year:Cool colourWavy bobNaughty knotDeep side partOn-point pony 													One of the top fashion cities of the world, Paris, witnessed its annual fashion week (February 25 to March 5, 2019) recently. Manish Arora, Stella McCartney, Givenchy, among several other designers, showcased their latest collections with undeniable excellence. Some of the trends spotted at the fashion week of the French capital are listed below. Have a look and rework your wardrobe: BeltsDiorRahul MishraFrom Dior to Rahul Mishra, cinched waists remained a designer favourite. Broad shouldersMaison MargielaGivenchyJumping on the bandwagon of maximalist lovers are Maison Margiela and Givenchy. NeonManish AroraSaint Laurent One of the hottest trends of the '80s, neon is back for good. Studded outfitsBalmainFor that extra edge, don a studded outfit.  Flower powerStella McCartneyFeminine and stylish always include floral print.  See-throughValentinoOpt for a sheer dress for a bold and daring look.  Exaggerated silhouettesAlexander McQueenChoose exaggerated silhouettes to look larger than life. 													There’s only one occasion that’s more special than the ‘bride pride,’ and that’s the playful cadence of a bridesmaid. Why’s that, you ask? It is because you get the perks of that dressy, dreamy milieu without the collywobbles of a bridezilla. If you are priming up for your besties wedding, here’s what on the trends platter to help you customize your bridesmaid look for the season. DressWhile lehengas hold their place strongly in the wedding wardrobe, indo-western outfits are gaining crazy admiration in 2019. If you’re sticking with the former, you can give it a contemporary twist with an atypical colour like electric blue or switch up your outfit with a blazing print. Take a cue from these on-trend attires. Bright bold prints Stunning sharara dressesFantastic fusion  Hair From the ramp of Lakmé Fashion Week to the red carpet of Nykaa.com Femina Beauty Awards, 2019 is experiencing a fashion fever of all things wavy. Soft polished waves, mesmerizing messy tresses, and everything in between is winning over divas and here’s how you can don this hairdo too. Sexy side swept Soft textured wavesDressy messy ponies  Makeup This year, the makeup palette sees a move from the traditional red look to softer tones of the pink and brown family. Dramatic, kohled eyes nonetheless slip strongly into popular 2019-trends too. Soft pinkBrown and beigeThe classic wing  													Bollywood brides have been tweaking the traditional trousseau to add a personalised touch to their D-day look. Deepika Padukone brought the white-gown-veil to our red Indian wedding, Anushka Sharma introduced the pastel power, and Priyanka Chopra Jonas had a fresh take on the classic ruby rage. Taking a cue from these celebs, here’s a compilation of how modern brides will be quirking up their wedding wardrobe this year. The experimental bride  The contemporary traditional bride The pastel perfect bride The fun fusion bride  The colour queer bride   													Everything is grand and maximalist when it comes to Milan. This season too, we witnessed a range of trends and styling tips from one of the most celebrated fashion extravaganzas of today. Glam giants like Versace, Gucci and Armani gave a visual presentation of what ‘expression through fashion’ is all about. They are testimony to the fact that styling is an art and one of the most fundamental ways to present yourself to the world. Below are few glimpses of the fashion week to upgrade your MO: GucciAfter all-black everything, it’s head-to-toe red that will be talked about.  VersaceHave a quilted leather jacket in your wardrobe? Take it out and layer it with a turtleneck top to turn heads. Or, sparkle in a column dress adorned with chunky jewellery.  ArmaniDon velvet, taffeta and silk separates together next time for a striking look. Also, navy and black are cool to be teamed in conjunction.  EtroBring the vintage style back with a jacquard jacket or a bustier mini dress.  AtticoPink and red is the perfect mash-up for a ritzy look. Offset the clash with a third hue.  Tod’sBermuda shorts are back in the trend. Flaunt them everywhere you go.  Stella JeanChequered wrap trench coat is a synonym for high fashion today. Team it with a neutral turtleneck underneath to appear ramp-ready. Also, animal print is everywhere, unveil your wild side with it. United Colors of BenettonTake cues from UCB on how to rock the rainbow trend.					PastelsA perfect choice for an OOTD, these sweet-looking hues can be paired with almost anything in your wardrobe. With flirty silhouettes and romantic textures, you can mix and match your pastels with neutrals or with other pastels. FloralsUnleash your inner girl by wearing these pretty floral dresses. This trend gives a huge shoutout to the '80s era with the bold styles, shades and silhouettes. NeonNeon clothes aren’t just for the runway, they are immensely wearable even in your daily wardrobe! See below some of our favorite picks that are guaranteed to make your outfit stand out. Natural tonesEarthy tones, in contrast to vibrant neons, give off a more grounded vibe. If your style falls under the classic spectrum, then this trend is for you																		Other than giving an outfit a flirtatious spin, sheer is loved by celebrities and fashion enthusiasts for its feminine appeal. It not only adds grace to an ensemble, but is also an extremely light and comfortable fabric. Here is a list of some Bollywood divas who have embraced the sheer trend in saris, gowns, ethnic separates, and dresses. Check them out:Sonam Kapoor AhujaPriyanka Chopra JonasShilpa Shetty KundraKriti SanonKajolKangana RanautAthiya Shetty 													Find out the hottest hair trends of 2019 that stole the show at the red carpet at the Nykaa.com Femina Beauty Awards 2019. Ponnies were a big hit, while straight tresses took the ultra-sleek route. Also, curls got a messy finish and the glossy-wet look re-entered the fashion game with a bang. The hairstyles spotted were an envious mix of elegant and flirty. So take cues and ace that perfect hairdo that’s sure to make heads turn!Deepika PadukoneSara Ali KhanTwinkle KhannaTaapsee PannuTabuRaveena TandonAdah SharmaZareen KhanDaisy ShahGayatri Bhardwaj  Anukreethy VasMrunal Thakur Lopamudra RautRadhika MadanShama SikanderAsha NegiPhotographs: Vinay Javkar																		Maangtika is a must-have that has long been a bridal essential. This statement piece has a bold semblance that takes any ethnic look several notches higher. In 2019, this traditional treasure is no more limited to bridal wear alone. The current wave of fashion is seeing the love of maangtika extend beyond lavish Indian weddings, exploring its potential to the fullest. Here is how our favourite celebs are donning this elegant piece of jewellery on every occasion. Mark of minimalism Keeping it contemporary The classic crescent Way of weddings  													If there’s one makeup essential that can instantly amp up your look, it is a powerful pop of colour for your pout. Lip colours set the tone of your appearance and make even the most basic outfits stand out. What’s more? It is the easiest and quickest way to up your style game by turning a subtle office semblance into a bright brunch look with a pink shade, or an evening look for the drinks with a red pop. This year, the trendy lip palette largely accommodates diverse shades of pink. Spanning striking colours from pastels to fuchsia, it is being sported in both matte and glossy textures. The classic red shade holds its place strong in the 2019-collection too while the quirky orange takes a backseat this season. And the nudes… Well, the subtle charm of nude shades is taking over hearts like never before, and with it comes the '90s love for browns back in the box. Here’s why: Marvellous majenta pink  Subtle soft pink  Ravishing redBlazing brown Nymphic nude 													The most treasured attire of our tradition, sensational sarees never go out of fashion. There’s something about the six-yard-wonder that blends effortlessly with both, a casual get together as well as a festive celebration. It graces budding beauties as much as it adores the charm of maturity. Precisely, a saree is eternal and extends to everyone who shares the love for ethnic.Time and again sarees have adopted contemporary ways to make every new wave of trend its own. This year the biggest fashion extravaganza—Lakmé Fashion Week—brought some ramp-fresh ideas for wearing sarees while also revisiting many classic styles. We’ve consolidated a list of these latest saree looks for you! Play with different designs or textures in your blouse and pair it with a plain saree to fabricate a subtle yet striking look. Abhishek Sharma 													Team dark-and-soft shades from the same family to flaunt a colourful palette. Latha 													The long-standing love for thick fabrics in saree is back in the game. Seems like it is time to pull out all the Banarsi and Kanjivaram sarees from the back of your cupboard. Shailesh SinghaniaShailesh Singhania 													Contrasting this classic charm is the light, sheer sarees that exude a rich yet breezy enigma. Latha 													Gold is the new black. Shailesh Singhania 													Pastel colours have been a big hit amongst western outfits lately, and saree is all set to embrace its ethnic side. Latha 													Going the bold way? Resort to prominent prints.Shailesh SinghaniaShailesh Singhania 													Elegant, full and three quarter sleeve is another eye-catching trick to make your outfit stand out. Shailesh Singhania 													Ramp looks are often assigned to ostentatious occasions only, given its glam and glitz…but not anymore. Life is too short to wear an outfit that doesn’t bring the best out of you. Experience the power that exudes when you feel your outfit, that wave of excitement which comes with the assurance of—‘You got this, girl’. Feel your fashion, and ramp your way to success. This millennial mantra comes to life with the easy-breezy, street style featured at LFW SR’19. Incorporate these looks in your daily wardrobe and give your 2019 a fashionable upgrade. Go glowLatha Lacy missy Misfit Panda Sheer dearLatha Aesthetic athleisure Reebok Sale Fury with Bodice Formally phenomenal Boat Presents Kunal Rawal Suit up in stripes Boat Presents Kunal Rawal  Power prints The Woolmark Company by Péro and Bhuttico Flowy fever Reebok Sale Fury with Bodice Keep up with the colours Misfit Panda Classy corporate Abhishek Sharma The most-awaited week in the style industry is here, Lakmé Fashion Week Summer/Resort 2019 began with quite a bang! Apart from looking forward to celebrity showstoppers, we're also dying to see what kinds of trends emerge from this season’s fashion extravaganza. So, without further ado, let’s check some of them out: Live life queen sizeExaggerated sleeves are huge this season and designers Gauri & Nainika believe in its power. Other than giving a glamourous spin to an outfit, big sleeves draw attention to your shoulders and highlight them beautifully.  Colour playThe second show #artmeetsfashion by designers Ajay Kumar, Bobo Calcutta, Helena Bajaj Larsen, and Yavi saw some vibrant designs spelling confidence and quirkiness.  Polka dotsThis raging print of 1930s is back for good. Gauri & Nainika embraced polka dots in their recent line making a stunning feminine appeal.  Modest fashionModest fashion is on rise and INIFD Launchpad left no stone unturned to bring it in the limelight with its self-effacing yet stylish line.  SuitsBreaking the shackles of old stereotypes, suits today are not confined to work wardrobes but have extended its boundaries to parties and other casual spaces. Designer Sneha Arora brings them into focus.																		With the rise of chunky accessories and edgy silhouettes, the love for dainty, frilly ruffles could be hard to come by. But, knowing that this fashion trend would be pervading your world for the next 12 months, perhaps it's time to reconsider. To help you with the same, we have rounded up some of the celebrity looks featuring this much talked- about trend. Check them out: Deepika PadukoneIn Gauri & Nainika and shoes by Balenciaga.  Sonam Kapoor AhujaIn Rejinapyo.  Shilpa Shetty KundraIn Ridhi Mehra and choker by Amaris.  Tamannaah BhatiaIn Rose Room Couture.  Kiara AdvaniIn Arabellaa top teamed with Topshop pair of jeans and shoes by Christian Louboutin. Mouni RoyIn Kara. Anushka SharmaIn Cinq à Sept.					The first major social media trend of 2019 has entered the realm, and grandly! We have been looking up to these celebs to stay à la mode season after season, their wardrobes have evolved and so have ours with them…and here they are, taking us for a trip to nostalgia by sharing then-and-now pictures of their decade-long journey. We can’t help but cheer at how they have raised our style quotient over the years. So, here’s appreciating them for their fashion fads, their awe-inspiring demeanour, and for just being so stylishly them. Sonam Kapoor Ahuja takes the ethnic route, sharing her love for Indian attires that she has held so closely for all these years.  Dia Mirza hasn’t stopped stealing hearts with her graceful glamour.					Bipasha Basu Singh Grover made us believe that confidence is the most important accessory that one needs to complete any outfit, and she continues to live by the rule.  Same pose, same sass, and there we have our sensational Shilpa! If Shetty Kundra is to be believed (do you still doubt after this post!), ‘yoga se hi hoga’.  Maybe it’s yoga, maybe it’s in their genes. Shamita Shetty is the perfect pictorial portrayal of—chin up, princess!  Gorgeous then, gorgeous now! Kim Sharma is here to show how you can keep exploring different styles and ace all of them…with those drooping eyelids, of course.  And whoever said you can’t get your style game right the very first time, clearly didn’t stumble upon Diana Penty’s glam.  Mandira Bedi exudes strength like no one else. One rule: Stand tall.  A great smile goes a long way…yes, over a decade if you have one as warm as Ayesha Takia’s.  The fashion icon of the television world, Anita Hassanandani is proof there’s nothing sexier than a happy glow. Well, flirty florals don’t hurt either!																		While Bhumi Pednekar was spotted in a yellow Ekaya piece, Kiara Advani shone in a printed bustier teamed with skirt by Label: Anushree. Our other ‘IT girls’ of Bollywood are digging big time on this fun and lively colour. Check out what they wore: Bhumi PednekarIn Ekaya. Kiara AdvaniIn Label: Anushree.  Kangana RanautIn Madhurya.  Shilpa Shetty KundraIn Faabiiana.  Tamannaah BhatiaIn Sukriti & Aakriti.  Nargis FakhriIn Label: Anushree.  Rhea ChakrabortyIn Sukriti & Aakriti.																		From Minnie Mouse in 1928 to Dior’s best-selling New Look piece in 1954, polka dot print has taken everyone aback with its feminine and romantic appeal. Its fan base ranges from Hollywood actor Emma Stone to Bollywood beauties Sonam Kapoor Ahuja and Kareena Kapoor Khan. Be it on clothes or accessories, this print ups any look to its epitome. Let’s check out how our B-town divas have styled the trend: Kareena Kapoor KhanIn a Masaba sari.  Sonam Kapoor AhujaIn an Erdem velvet dress.  Sara Ali KhanIn a Pretty Little Thing dress.  Anushka SharmaIn a Sabyasachi suit.  Kangana RanautIn Good Earth India.  PatralekhaaIn House of Neeta Lulla.  Swara BhaskerIn a Mango dress.					 Winters see you bring out those old boots and show them the light of the day. Only issue: You’ve worn them a number of times last season and they just don’t feel that special anymore. How you wish your boots had some colour or a fringe or even a shiny buckle. Sigh! Fret not. With some easy fix tricks, you can upgrade your boots to the latest fashion trends of this season and always stay in style! Buckle up!What you need: Belts, scissors, hot glue.How to make: Cut your belt measured according to the roundness of your boot at the calf. Use hot glue to attach your belt onto your boot. Hold it in place and let it dry. Cut off any unwanted extra belt length and buckle it around your boot. Add extra notches if required. You can repeat the same procedure using more belts with different colours or textures and you have your very own cowgirl boots! Cool cutsWhat you need: Ruler, penknife, chalk.How to make: Draw or trace the design of your choice onto your boot using chalk. Size your grid according to your liking. Use the pen knife to cut out the parts you wish to keep hollow. Once done, wipe off the chalk marks with a damp cloth and you cut out boots are ready. This DIY is easier to work with semi-thick leather that won’t lose shape or tear after cutting. Dazzling tipsWhat you need: Paintbrush, gold/silver pearl shine paint, a thick masking tape, fixative sprayHow to make: Add masking tape a few centimetres away from the tip of the boot. Press firmly. Paint using the gold or silver paint making sure the paint doesn’t go under the tape. Paint smooth and even coats to get a smooth surface. Allow it to dry for a couple of hours and remove the tape. Wipe off any stray dried up paint. Spray on the fixative spray and let it dry for 24 hours. And voila! Lace all dayWhat you need: Lace, pins (if required) and fabric glue.How to make: Cut strips of lace that is long enough to go around your boot. Arrange your pattern and pin it so it holds your desired shape. Using tiny amounts of glue, attach it to your boot. Let it dry completely. You can even add a few beaded chains and feathers for a complete boho look. Retro kicksWhat you need: Masking tape, matte finish paint, brush, scissors.How to make: Cut pieces of the masking tape and stick them onto your boot in any desired shape. You can make a star shape or go abstract and stick the tape onto your boot in any way you like. Once this is done, paint over the design you've created using any matte finish paint of your choice. Let it dry and peel the tape off slowly to reveal your design. Continue making more designs or simply stick the tape in equidistant parallel lines to create stripes for a sporty look.Text: Yvonne Jacob 													The glamour industry revolves around fashion cycles and trends that dominated once, have returned to claim their spot again. We found some unique styles at the recently concluded spring/summer fashion week that have all it takes to make it big this year. Check them out: Tight/micro pleats From Givenchy to Balmain, this style is in the good books of everyone.  Boyish shortsAfter cycling shorts making the rounds among fashion enthusiasts last year (thanks to Kim Kardashian West), we’re happy to bid it adieu and welcome these comfortable shorts into our wardrobes in 2019. Tie-dyeLike it or not, SS19 ramps were swamped with this '60s print. Apparently, designers from Prabal Gurung to Stella McCartney are its recent ‘dye’ hard fans. What about you? Fancy flatsFlats are the new heels, they say. And fashion emperors concur. Only, along with being comfortable, flats will be fancier and more detailed in 2019.  FringesFringes have been with us since time immemorial. Difference is you’ll get to see them more this year in apparel as well as accessories.  NeonThis trend has always had a love-hate relationship with us. Whatever may be the case, designers are not done with neon yet and it will be making a bright appearance everywhere this year. Exaggerated sleevesHave thin shoulders? No worries, exaggerated sleeves got you covered (literally). Image credits – Imaxtree.com																		“Don't be into trends. Don't make fashion own you, but you decide what you are, what you want to express by the way you dress and the way to live,” said fashion emperor Gianni Versace. And, we do concur with him. However, knowing what our favourite celebrities and designers indulged in 2018 will not hurt anyone, will it? Fashion this year was surprising and challenging, in India and abroad. It took us back into ‘90s with the resurgence of styles like gold hoop earrings and fanny packs. And, swamped us by its revolutionary and modern approach through sustainable and androgynous fashion. We witnessed fashion giants such as Chanel jump on the bandwagon with Stella McCartney and Vivienne Westwood to go fur-free. While many others partook in a conscious decision to opt for faux leather over real. So, without further ado, let’s check out some of the trends that made waves in 2018 and will hopefully continue to do so in the coming years: Gold hoop earringsFrom International models to global icons such as Priyanka Chopra Jonas, gold hoop earrings looped in, one and all.  BeltsBe it saris or dresses, cinched waists were accepted by everyone, including Kangana Ranaut and Karisma Kapoor.  Chunky sneakers With a liking for everything bold and beautiful, chunky sneakers made a major comeback this year and Alia Bhatt embraced it in a big way (literally!).  Sustainable fashionSustainable brands and designers like Doodlage, Pero and Bloni, to name a few, remained the talk of the year.  Gender neutral fashionAndrogynous fashion too made rounds and gained immense popularity in the midst of decriminalisation of section 377. Here, actor Prateik Babbar, along with makeup artiste and stylist Jason Arland, are walking for the label Chola at Lakmé Fashion Week (LFW) W/F ’18.  Animal printAnimal print roared among fashion enthusiasts (global icon Priyanka Chopra Jonas) and designers alike, with its incomparable appeal.  Exaggerated sleevesFrom knee-length to floor-touching sleeves, 2018 saw it all. Here, the model is walking for designer Mohammed Mazhar at LFW.  Deconstructed shirtsDeconstructed shirts and saris raged this year in all its glory. Sonam Kapoor Ahuja approves of the trend.  MetallicShimmery and sequinned pieces made a shining appearance on ramps (Amit Aggarwal at LFW) as well as at red carpets in 2018.  SuitsWomen suits spelt power and dominated wardrobes, with  Kangana Ranaut and Sonam Kapoor Ahuja giving it a big thumbs up.																		Be it winters, monsoons or summers, this global icon never fails to surprise us with her trendsetting sartorial picks. From sporting a deconstructed suit to elevating basics by teaming them right, this desi girl knows how to play well by the rules of fashion. PC is aware of the power of pairing separates right and is often seen putting this knowledge to its best use. Let’s check out some of her top street style looks that left us in wonderment: First a meeting and then a party to attend right after? Check (literally).  Contemplating what to wear on a “casual” day out with your girlfriends? Here’s your answer.  Layer right for winters, with a dash of refreshing prints.  Need Monday motivation? Dress as stylishly as PC, with a full cup of coffee.  Who said parties aren’t fun on chilly nights? Hop on in one of these pearl-studded sweaters paired with knee-length leather skirt and thigh-high boots. Don’t forget to give a funky personality to your outfit with a cool bright coloured handbag. In case you prefer options, and are a big fan of Kurt Cobain.  Simplicity is the key, they said. Another Monday motivation look? Try to hangout more with trench or eco fur coats in the monsoons to appear super cool.  Going on a hot date? Wear red. Going out with friends? Wear red. Going with family? Wear red (Okay, we made up the last one). Tone down on colours on that summery afternoon.  Or don’t!  Team a bright top with light trousers or pants for a subtle fashion statement.  The next time you plan to go out for brunch, wear a comfortable pencil dress with pointed heels, a modish handbag and glares with a dog for your protection ;)  Wear culottes to give a trendy spin to a basic top.					After changing three flights and taking a three-hour bus ride, we landed in Montepuez—the second largest city in the province of Cabo Delgado in Mozambique. The day had been a whirlwind, as we hopped on and off different vehicles. The moment we landed in Mozambique, however, a burst of fresh, clean air welcomed us. The quaint city is home to Montepuez Ruby Mining (MRM), which is a Mozambican company developing operations at the ruby deposits in the city, and covers approximately 33,600 hectares. A leading supplier of responsibly-sourced coloured gemstones across the globe, MRM is owned by UK-based natural resource company Gemfields (75 per cent), and Mozambican company Mwiriti (25 per cent). We spent two days in the heart of the most recently discovered ruby deposit in the world, and unearthed more than just these precious crimson stones. 													The journey beginsOver 500 million years in the making, ruby, or ratnaraj (meaning king of the gemstones in ancient Sanskrit), is an extremely rare stone, cherished by royalty, social A-listers, and collectors alike. We went to see one of the mine pits on the first day, where rubies are deposited as alluvial or colluvial material over a weathered bedrock.Rubies were first discovered in Montepuez in 2009, following which, Gemfields and Mwiriti signed an agreement in 2011 to officiate the mining process. MRM uses a multidisciplinary approach for mining—geological (rubies that are typically associated with certain rocks or minerals), geophysical (airborne survey—magnetic and radiometric), and geochemical (determining chemical signatures of hidden mineral deposits). The sheer size of the mine pit was staggering, and it brought forth the concern of what happens to it once it has been exhausted.Mining with a conscienceMRM is committed to mining in a way that has the least environmental impact. Jack Cunningham, Sustainability, Policy and Risk Director at Gemfields, explains, “Before we mine an area, we collect seeds of the indigenous plants and trees from the top soil and create a seed bank. We then grow the seeds in a nursery for replanting as we complete mining.” Along with encouraging biodiversity, old pits are back-filled and rehabilitated, and no harmful chemicals are used during the mining process. “Machine oil is carefully managed and stored, machines and vehicles are maintained by our in-house teams, and all spills are cleaned up and the contaminated soil is bioremediated,” says Cunningham.The road to development was not an easy one, and initially, the company faced resistance from the inhabitants. Cunningham recalls, “There was uncertainty from the local community about what the benefits would be and how quickly they would receive those. An influx of thousands of illegal miners also caused social problems at a time when we weren’t yet in a position to help the community. Since 2014, however, we have had a dedicated team on the ground that carries out community engagement, and addresses their needs and grievances, and the relationship with them has vastly improved.” MRM has provided employment to 1,110 people, both directly and via contractors, 95 per cent of whom are Mozambican nationals. The mining company has also helped nine farming associations (two of which are dedicated to empowering women and in total represent 290 partner farmers), and taught them new techniques that have increased yields. Looking at the community as a whole, the company has invested in infrastructure for four primary schools (three of which are new), providing education to 1,000 primary school-aged children. “Schooling is the responsibility of the state, however our infrastructure atleast helps the government with a costly aspect of public education. Once established, we hand over the schools to the government for their onward management as a national asset,” elucidates Cunningham. The establishment of two mobile health clinics serves thousands of people across six villages. Isac Rafael, Director of the Namanhumbir Health Center, Mozambique, stated, “With these mobile clinics, it’s possible to care for patients in the most remote areas without sanitary units. This also gives easy access to pregnant women, children, and the elderly, who don’t have to travel long distances.”The final stepWe spent the last leg of our journey in the wash plant and sorting house, where the raw stones are processed and graded according to their colour, size, and clarity. We witnessed how a team of highly skilled sorters picked rubies from the rubble, in a secure environment. Their hands worked like machines as they separated the precious stones in silent harmony. The final pieces are then auctioned off by Gemfields and till June 2017, a total of eight ruby auctions have generated a revenue of US$280 million.We entered the city with a bunch of preconceived notions, and after spending two days in the shoes of a miner, left with hope for the Montepuez community. That’s what you get in this city of Mozambique, along with beautiful never-ending blue skies, and a warm community that believes in co-existence.					Diwali is a time for gifting - and buying something for ourself and our home. What to buy? Femina puts together its favourite picks in fashion, beauty, accessories, décor and more.					FASHIONHigh glossNothing screams power more than high shine fabrics worn appropriately. While last season was all about plastics in apparel, this season is all about high gloss on any and every fabric texture such as leather, satin etc. Right from long wrap-around coats to pants to even see-through dresses, high shine is marking its territory everywhere. But beware if worn out of proportion or styled incorrectly, the trend sure can fall back easily. The best way to start would be with a high shine statement belt on a solid outfit and move upwards to high gloss trimmings on outfits and then take the plunge! “I feel high gloss fabrics can somehow add sheer sexiness to the look. I personally love wearing statement gloss t-shirt dresses and black or nude shoes,” says lifestyle blogger Naina Ahluwalia. Plaid and simpleThe key to play with plaid is to not go overboard with it and style it with colourful bright accessories to brighten up the look. “If you ask me about plaid, I can only and only think of the term classic yet trendy. Plaid can be played around with prints and colours but it's not a trend, I would call it an evergreen print that everyone needs to have in their closet. Of course, every year something or the other trendy using plaid comes up and those make good additions to the closet,” shares lifestyle blogger Aleena Macker. You can try your hand at plaid button-down skirts or bright plaid co-ordinates or even plaid mules, there’s no stopping this season. Add a dollop of feminine to plaid through glam jewellery, bold lips or bling bags and watch your style quotient go through the roof!Fringe benefits The best part about the fringe trend is its versatility. Not only can you incorporate these sassy strings into your wardrobe but you can also sport it through any medium i.e. through an accessory or clothing piece or even footwear. “You have a variety of different options when it comes to fringes. You can play around with beads or metallic ropes or even denim, the list just goes on and on,” says fashion blogger Puja Wani, “A well-fitted tee with fringes on denim looks really chic for the day and pair a contemporary sari with a fringed noodle strap crop makes heads turn at a social soirée!” ACCESSORIESSkinny sunglassesWe are totally crushing big time on skinny sunglasses to go along with our skinny tall soy lattes. Trust us when we say that a pair of these can totally escalate your look within seconds. What started with a few sightings on Instagram influencers has only gone up on the fashion ladder with everybody adapting to the style. One thing is for sure, the 90’s skinny game is here to stay for a while and you could try experimenting with the same. While the black skinnies sure do seem like a classic, there are a lot of varieties to choose from. You could go crazy and pick a pair of colour tinted glasses to go with super ripped black denim and a black crop or could try white rimmed statement sunglasses over an all-white outfit for the local Sunday brunch!Bag that styleThe trend started with designer labels such as Gucci and Prada displaying embellished bags on runways and it has only been widely appreciated and accepted by the masses. Imagine bags with tiny fur trims and pearls and fabric patches with logos or numbers. The size of these goodies ranges from tiny shoulder bags to handbags to even totes! A great bag can make or break the look and these embellished bags undeniably enliven the look in a jiffy. Macker says, “For bags or any kind of accessories including shoes, I absolutely love embellishments. It gives so much more character to pieces and if you can customize the embellishments there is just nothing like having your own unique piece. I have to say the Gucci has set the bar high with their embellished bags.” Try carrying a denim shoulder bag with faux pearls and diamonds on a classic white blouse and blue denim to the lazy Saturday lunch with the girls or a box bag with adornments for the cocktail soiree the week after and be indebted to us forever!Dance in trans(parent)!While we were throwing our everyday essentials in a plastic see-through bags last season, this season is all about transparent footwear (now we can openly flaunt our pedicures!). Clear PVC sandals are selling like hot cakes and by the looks of it, this trend is definitely here to stay. With Chanel kicking off the trend early this year and going crazy with plastic covered everything, most designers followed suit. If you think wearing see-through shoes is bizarre, you could participate by wearing a combination of plastic, leather peep toes or sandals with plastic straps, or footwear with plastic heels. You could most certainly wear PVC boots on a bodycon lacy dress if you’re ready to bear it all! Fashion blogger Madhavi Dey says, “PVC shoes are a major life saver. I love wearing these statement pieces see through ankle boots on an all-black ensemble as it just adds the right touch of edge to the outfit.” BEAUTYGive a clean(se) chitWe have finally come to the realization that cleansing oils aren’t the bad heroes we made them out to be. In fact, they are seen to be the most liked product currently. Cleansing is the most effective way of getting dirt free, crystal clear and soft skin in a jiffy and cleansing oils seem to deliver all that and much more efficiently. Experts confirm that while cleansers do strip your skin of natural oils, cleansing oil does not clog your pore. Beauty blogger Stacey Castenha says, “I’ve started using a cleansing oil and it only does wonders to my skin. Not only does it cleans my face really nice but also leaves it glowing and super soft. This is one product that is never exiting my vanity.” Looks like it’s time to put this oil down on the list of things to buy this season!Enhancing beautyThe trend that started sometime early this year has only grown. Face serums are a game changer and people are only starting to realize. Whether your skin is acne-prone or dehydrated or dull, there is a magic potion available for every skin type and for every skin related problem. Majority of us Indian women suffer from dehydrated skin and the answer to that is moisture-based hydration face serum. “People always thought that face serums are a strict no as they make the skin too oily or clog the pores but 2018 has been a game changer. People are understanding their skin like never before and adding these serums to their daily beauty regime,” informs Catenha. Time for a much-needed skincare shopping run! Inclusive beautyA little while back, Rihanna upped her game big time after releasing her foundation line with FENTY Beauty. The foundation that came in a variety of 40 different shades (yes, 40 different shades and we aren’t even joking about it!) made our lives so much simpler. People all over the world went crazy as they no longer had to mix a few different shades in order to create the one suitable for their skin. This started a movement that every skin tone is unique and deserves to be celebrated. It was only logical that soon other beauty brands followed suit and started going beyond the customary 10-15 shade range. “Today, it’s all about customization. Right from outfit to beauty to even food, everybody wants something exclusive designed just for them. The inclusive beauty trend is definitely here to stay and is only going to get bigger and bigger with each season,” says Wani. DÉCORGeometric accentsAs Pantone predicted geometric accents have certainly proved to be the hottest trend of the year in decor. What started as modest triangles and circles on tiny vases and tableware here and there has only blown up and manifested itself on objects everywhere. The octagons and hexagons are repeatedly making bold appearances on items such as home furnishing, tiles, wallpapers, fabrics, etc. among others. Interior decorator Heena Sabhnani shares, “A lot of my clients have been taken aback with what the change they saw in their home by incorporating geometric patterns. It instantly brightens up a dull and boring home and adds just the right touch of modern.” Geometric prints are an easy way to up your décor game and give your home the much needed modern touch that it so needed. You too can join on the bandwagon by getting a bright and colourful wallpaper on the bar wall or you can start by dipping one toe at a time and get geometric wall hangings by the dinning or a subtle rug to start with. Frills and trimsWe are as surprised as you are; as for most of us, fringe belongs in the closet. Well, clearly not anymore as the trend has gotten a major upgrade. This season, the style is moving out of our wardrobes and on our décor and we aren’t complaining one bit. Fringe doesn’t necessarily have to mean overdressed. Lightly fringed hems on lamps or a statement fringe trimmed chandelier add the right touch of flirty modern chic. Everything boring is fun again! Fringes are seen making indiscreet roaring appearances on sofa chairs, statement mirrors wall hangings and other zillion things. Again, you could opt for a fringed sofa set for a modern Gatsby look or start with a tiny fringe trim lamp on the nightstand and thank us later!Lush livingVelvet for the longest time has been synonymous to luxury and opulence and the quickest and easiest way to transform your house and give it a luxurious touch is by upgrading your plain Jane furniture with plush velvet pieces. Earlier, velvet was a fabric that was easy to stain, required a lot of looking after, was really difficult to maintain and was available in limited colours. However, all that has changed and today you can get a variety of different shades and options and you’d be surprised at how low maintenance the fabric is and it really doesn’t require much looking after it. You could start experimenting by getting a plush turquoise throw on or cushions and notice the change or go all out and invest in larger pieces like a purple velvet statement couch with chairs and let it rule your space. Velvet just instantly jazzes up the place like nothing else and adds in a generous dollop of chic royalty. Velvet curtains and upholstery too have entered the market and are slowly crawling into our homes. You could begin with black or dark mauve velvet drapes and move to loud bright hues. The key point to remember is not go overboard as velvet on its own self is a statement fabric so minimalism is the keyword to keep in mind while engaging with velvet. Well, it’s time to go ahead and get your velvet on.Text: Ravina Sachdev																		Although monotone and monochrome outfits are safe and can be worn on multiple occasions, going multicolour is bold and daring. In Bollywood, actor Ranveer Singh is popular for his peculiar yet striking dress sense. Similarly, Sonam Kapoor Ahuja and Kangana Ranaut never fail to make headlines with their feisty sartorial choices. Here is a list of some other actors who have embraced colours with pride.Ranveer SinghDeepika PadukoneSonam Kapoor AhujaKareena Kapoor KhanKangana RanautManushi ChhillarJanhvi KapoorTwinkle KhannaFreida PintoShruti HassanRaveena TandonSonakshi Sinha Recent award shows, ramps, and high-end events were awash with all-white outfits. From snow white and ivory to eggshell white and vanilla, Bollywood celebs have been going gaga over this pristine hue. To remain on top of the trend you can follow the lead of Kareena Kapoor Khan’s edgy look by wearing Flow The Label’s off-shoulder top paired with striped trousers or you can take cue from Katrina Kaif’s Anamika Khanna ruffled asymmetrical dress worn with a matching duster jacket. Have a look at our top picks for the season, and stock your wardrobe with this versatile shade:Kareena Kapoor KhanKatrina KaifSonam Kapoor AhujaAnushka SharmaHuma QureshiEsha GuptaTaapsee Pannu One thing that is never up for compromise is to look one's best at all times. To do so is vastly simple and it turns out that we were fussing over the wrong waistline this entire time! All you need is the knowledge about the many waistlines available out there, and know the perfect one for you. The dress with the right waistline will give you a flattering silhouette that will highlight all the right areas and hide the ones you don’t want to show! In order to achieve the perfectly flattering silhouette that you’ve always dreamed of, picking an outfit with the right waistline that matches your body shape is all there is to it (cheers all around). So no slumpy, sloppy ill-fitting attire and wardrobe malfunctions because we are here to deliver to you the fashion tips to match the right body shape to the right waistline. It’s the kind of matchmaking we are here to help with! So read on, and get ready for some shopping for the coming season. You will look on point always, and ensure you make heads turn.  EMPIRE STATE OF MINDEmpire waistlineThe first and most recognisable waistline there is the empire waistline also popularly referred to as the empire silhouette, empire line or just empire style. The basic structure of this waist pattern is categorised by the tightly fitted bodice that ends just below the bust to deliver the whole high-waisted look. The obsession with the high-waisted line began during the 18th century and was brought to fame by the empress of the first French Empire, Napoleon Bonaparte’s wife, Empress Josephine de Beauharnais; which is where the whole regal reference is sourced from. If a style was good enough for an empress, you can be sure it’s good enough for you as well. The entire style is part of the neoclassical style that was obsessed with imitating and replicating or rather reviving the style that could be seen in the ancient Greek and Roman which portrayed women wearing long gowns clinched under the bust.Perhaps it's old-time origins and traces in the 18th century that give the style a wonderfully romantic appeal. The flowy and really luxurious feel it imparts makes your inner Greek goddess preen with appreciation, accompanied with the fact that it’s incredibly comfy with zero constriction is an advantage that has very women sighing in absolute relief. Its old-time origins and traces in the 18th century that give the empire waistline style a wonderfully romantic appeal.Match-maker: The empire waist is designed in such a way that it sits above a woman's natural waistline and generally accentuates the bust which is why it is ideally always accompanied with deep scoop necklines or sweetheart and V-necklines.   This style is perfect for those with pear-shaped bodies i.e. having a slim upper body and a more voluptuous lower body. As such if you don’t want to draw attention to your hips then empire waistline is the way to go. The waist tends to emphasise the narrowest part of the body and camouflaging the wider lower body. It’s also great for short people because the raised waistline creates the appearance of extra height. Now, for the don’ts - avoid the billowy, voluminous fabrics. Pleats and gathers are another no-nos.It is best to stick to with A-line structures or sheath that help to highlight your body’s best features instead of hiding it under too much fabric. When wearing an empire waist top, the best choice of bottom wear is either skinny or straight legged pants. Pairing it up with voluminous wide-legged tend it delivers a rather frumpy, disproportionate look. Empire waist dresses are ideal for pregnant women as its flowy and comfortable. DROP DOWNDrop waistAfter the waistline was pulled up to new heights, the winds of change eventually made their way through the world of fashion and according to the laws of the universal: what goes up must come down. So after the waistline enjoyed the lofty highs, during the roaring 20s, it dropped down to become the distinctive dropped waist style. Around the time when women were finally breaking free from a vile instrument of torture also known as the corset, they decided to adopt more masculine silhouettes. It was believed to be seen as female liberation from traditionally-accepted shapes. A dropped waist sits below the actual natural waistline of a woman and is characterised by the line across the hips instead of the waist thereby providing the illusion of a longer torso. The drop waist though popular with the 20’s flapper dresses are more commonly remembered in their 60’s revival. During then the look took on a sportier feel rather than the elegantly sleek feminine look of the 20’s. Designers have experimented around with it for years and while the basic construct was never tampered with, there were several add-ons like belts, pleated and ruffled skirts to give it a little extra something every time.The drop waist though popular with the 20’s flapper dresses are more commonly remembered in their 60’s revival.Match-maker: Dropped waisted looks aren’t quite as popular today as they were before but they haven’t faded into obscurity completely because the whole ‘shapeless’ look is on the prowl and is extremely favoured. The waist makes quite a statement and, if you know just how to wear and accessorise it, it can turn you into an über fashionista who knows how to work any style like a boss. Short drop-waisted look looks fantastic on women with the tall slender willowy figures and narrow hips. With the addition of a ruffled skirt for a flouncy free-flowing look or an A-line skirt for a sleeker formal look, it could swing either way. It would be prudent for women who have a heavier lower half to stay away from the ruffles as it would be super counterproductive and make the lower body look even wider.For those with long legs and a short torso, drop-waisted dress - with moderate heels - works well. And for those with a long torso and short legs, drop waists with high heels will help to balance out the long torso and deliver a balanced, symmetrical look. BASQUE IN ITBasque waistlineWhat could you have in common with a woman who lived during the American Civil War? Nothing much; except maybe your dress’s waistline. The Basque waistline, which is also referred to as the antebellum waistline is a waistline that emerged when the hourglass figure was the shape every woman was vying for. This waistline served to flatter the equally proportioned body of an hourglass shape and has merits for other body types as well.A Basque waistline is flattering V-shaped waistline that is ideally beneficial for curvaceous figures. The style forms a noticeable ‘V’ on the front of the body coming 2-3 inches below the normal waistline. If the pronounced V-shape is too sharp for one’s taste and then the style can also be modified to a softer U-shape. It is a generally flattering style that provides a slimmer and longer torso due to its low ‘V’ and reduces the width of the hips and waist. Though the idea is to love your body no matter what, wanting to take off a couple for inches every now and then using illusionary means is perfectly acceptable. The style originally began as French-fitted bodice or jacket that eventually become part of the dress rather than a separate piece altogether. A Basque waistline is flattering V-shaped waistline that is ideally beneficial for curvaceous figures.Matchmaker: A Basque waistline is flattering for many body shapes; the low V-shaped line lengthens the torso and creates a wonderfully slim silhouette. However, due to the shape of the waistline, the style tends to draw distinct attention to the lower tummy region and if you aren’t comfortable with that then it's best to avoid this style. Pear-shaped bodies or square shaped bodies should not go for this kind of waistline as it would not be able to appropriately accentuate and flatter those kinds of body types. Hourglass and other body types would be able to carry it off perfectly as it helps to balance out the hips and waist due to the elongation illusion the waist creates.   LOSE THE SYMMETRYAsymmetric waistlineThings that are straight and simple are thoroughly uninteresting after a while. In order to shake things up, the fashion industry developed an obsession with everything that was off-centre and unbalanced. And that is because things like that tend to be more interesting. There is more depth, character and visual appeal. From hemlines with varying lengths to slanted necklines, there is something about asymmetrical patterns in an attire that just make the whole look more sophisticated and bold while breaking free from the rigid symmetry.Though an asymmetrical waistline is not as radical as some of the other things in the same school of thought, it is an interesting style to incorporate. An asymmetrical waistline is a style that sits diagonally across the natural waistline. It originates from a point in the natural waistline and then extends down in a slant to the opposite end. In other words, it is just a slanted waistline across your body, high on one side and low on the other.Asymmetrical waistline creates a slimming effect for those full figured or thick-waisted ladies.Match-maker: Asymmetrical waistline is a type of waistline that will create a slimming effect. Thus, it is great for those full figured or thick-waisted ladies. On the other hand, those on the shorter side should stay away from this waistline as the long waist will make the rest of the body appear shorter. However, if you have short height, you should not opt for this waistline style as this will just make you appear shorter. WAIST NOT, WANT NOTPrincess seamThe absence of something is often beneficial as well. Though there exist several types of waistlines to go with every kind of body, there is a particular style that does not need a visible waistline. A style that is much beloved and which is about as timeless as the name itself - the princess seam style. It is a style that will probably never go out of style and is an epitome of soft feminity.A princess seam or line is characterised by the long seams that start from below the arm, or under the shoulder and curves delicately over the bust and down the body to give a prominent long look that that associated with A-line dresses. The seam can be stitched into blouses or dresses to have the desired structure and shape. Due to the way it is designed, the style does not need a waistline since it runs along panels down the body. The princess seam was associated with Charles Frederick Worth, a prominent English fashion designer of the 19th and 20th century who is also acknowledged by many as the ‘Father of Haute Couture’. The style was of course created for Princess Alexandra of Denmark, the wife of King Edward VII. Due to its fitted and figure-hugging design, it was believed to be the first ‘bodycon’ (who are we to deny that fact?).The princess seam works well with any body type as the seams help to slenderize your frame.Match-maker: The princess seam works remarkably well for those with hourglass figures, the long, shapely seams that gather in at the waist and flare out again at the hips. However, the princess seam works well with any body type as the seams help to slenderize your frame.  It’s a wardrobe staple for every lady, kind of like a good pair of shoes or an LBD. Or better yet an LBD with princess seams is a very acceptable option as well.  Either way, knowing what looks good on your unique body is the first step to being fashionably perfect every day but the personal interpretations and add-ons are what make the outfit your identity.  Text: Crystal SymssImages: Yogen Shah and Shutterstock					Cover storyMonochrome jackets look both trendy and sophisticated. You can pair it with a simple white or a black T-shirt along with a nude-coloured bottom and you are ready for a formal or a semi-formal occassion. Here the actor Kriti Kharbanda is wearing a Zara blazer. Suit upOne of the most ideal outfits for office wear is a crisp black and white suit. Wear it with flats or kitten heels and go minimal on accessories. Here Anushka Sharma has paired an off-shoulder blouse with flared pants which makes it look ultra-modern yet fun.  Classic blend Monochrome has been used ample times in Indian wear too, giving it a contemporary spin. Here Shraddha Kapoor has worn a Punit Balana creation. The contrasting prints, along with the right fabric and texture, makes it perfect for a wedding.  Short and simpleBlack shorts with a white T-shirt or blouse look fun and slinky. Here Janhvi Kapoor has worn a Kunal Rawal outfit—black shorts with a white top and a jacket. This outfit could be completed with a pair of black thigh-high boots to look party-ready.  Doll upAccessorising is the key to make a simple monochrome dress look instantly trendy. Here Kangana Ranaut has added a broad black belt and boots to her outfit. You too can play with add-ons to make a simple dress modish.																		Simplicity is the key, but over-the-top (OTT) trend has managed to survive against all odds. The Lakmé Fashion Week (LFW) Winter/Festive 2018 was an evidence of the trend shift and designers like Naushad Ali, Gunjan Jain, Asik Barit, and Anvita Sharma walked their models wearing garments with contrasting colours, unique silhouettes, and exaggerated sleeves. Know how the ramp was set ablaze by these blue-sky creations. Glistening effectHere the model is wearing a Sunita Shanker sari with the pallu ending in front. The brilliant use of lustrous cloth and bright colour is making the overall outfit stunning. The eye makeup and the hairdo is further accentuating the look.  Unapologetic cutsHere the model is wearing a Naushad Ali windcheater with interesting cuts. The colour combination is making the overall look whimsical. The sleek hairdo and the minimal makeup are completing the semblance effortlessly. FusionThe designer-duo, Asik Barit and Anvita Sharma, has used three elements in this creation—vibrant colour, chequered print and exaggerated sleeves. The amalgamation of all these make for a staggering suit.  On fleekThe model here is wearing a Gunjan Jain sari with a blouse inspired by the nib of a pen. The perfect colour combination along with beautiful cuts make this outfit strikingly attractive.  Top-notchThe model here is wearing an Eka creation where designer Rina Singh has used chequered prints and colour-blocking in her garment. The perfect blending of both makes this an exceptional piece.Image credits- Yogen Shah																		Once considered boring, monotone has now become the crème de la crème. Monotone dressing has been ruling the ramps and streets alike for a long time. Spotted time and again during Lakmé Fashion Week (LFW) Winter/Festive 2018, we know that monotone is the trend of the season. Because of which we have picked five fresh monotone looks from the ramp to help you amp up your style game.Start with the basicsWe know monotone dressing could be risky at first and so you can play safe with an all-white outfit. Matching a white top with a white bottom may sound dull but try it once and you would fall in love with yourself. Here the model is wearing a Nakita Singh white top with a white bottom along with a dupatta.  Fashion maestroAll-black is the new black! Wear your perfect pair of black denims with a matching top and complete your look with a black belt and boots. This look would never disappoint you. Here the model is wearing a Mishru black sheer outfit.  NudesNudes are the way to go! A nude bodycon dress looks stylish and hella sexy! Here the model is wearing a Jayanti Reddy all-nude embellished ethnic wear perfect for a wedding.  Go boldOnce you become accustomed to montones, try giving more personality to your look by adding a jacket to your outfit. Here the model is wearing a Mishru fusion wear dress with the same coloured jacket.  Add printsPrinted monotones are in! Try experimenting with prints for a fun look. Here the model is wearing a Mohammed Mazhar chequered all-red outfit. Image credits- Yogen Shah					FusionDay 5 of the fashion week witnessed western wear hugging ethnic wear. The label Mishru showcased an indo-western collection, where contemporary silhouettes were given a traditional spin. Designer Punit Balana too made his models walk wearing indo-western garments. He paired a dhoti with a jacket to showcase fusion beautifully. MonotoneMonotone clothing is a classic fashion trend. Designer Narendra Kumar Ahmed styled one of his models in a red monotone outfit. Designer Nakita Singh too decided to keep it simple yet chic while playing with single tones.  ChecksThis season saw models stepping out in checks of varying sizes. Designer Punit Balana too used checks extensively on his models. Tahweave, a sustainable everyday wear brand, showcased its models donning big, beautiful checks. Flora and fauna printFlora and fauna print has never been out of style. This time too, designers were spotted incorporating it in their collections. Designer Nupur Kanoi showcased her models wearing floral print. Nakita Singh too took inspiration from nature and poured it into her designs. SheerEveryone’s favourite sheer dominated this season. Agami by Neha Agarwal walked its models in beautiful sheer outfits. Designer Siddhesh Chauhan too displayed his male models wearing sheer.					Deconstructed shirtThe trend of deconstructed clothing has been around for a while now. Here at the Lakmé  Fashion Week we witnessed designers playing with this trend. The models at Kanika Goyal were spotted showcasing the deconstructed shirt.Collection by Caprese X Shift also saw some of its models walking the ramp in deconstructed shirts. StripesDesigner Kallol Datta used stripes extensively in his collection this season.Arpita Mehta too was seen playing with stripes in her latest collection. FlatsFlats are the new heels indeed! The models walked in flats for the label, Shanti.The models of Caprese X Shift too walked the ramp in flats with utmost style and ease. RufflesClaiming ruffles to be her favourite fashion trend, Arpita Mehta’s collection was full of twirling colourful ruffles.Collection by Kartikeya and Misfit Panda too witnessed ruffles on its models. JacketsA fashion add-on that never goes out of style marked its territory at the fashion extravaganza as well. Designer Arpita Mehta used jackets with different silhouettes and prints on her models.Armaan Randhawa’s models too were seen donning bright coloured printed jackets.					The Indian hoodieOr as I like to call it—the modern ghoonghat. Looks like our designers are putting an ethnic spin on ways to accessorise your head.As seen here: Rajesh Pratap Singh and Ka-sha Belts over everythingBelts over saris, belts over dresses and belts over maxi dresses—cinch the waist to frame the new-season silhouette. Extra points if you experiment with shapes.As seen here: Lars Andersson, RmKV silks and Vriksh by Gunjan Jain Light scarvesBarely-there fabrics that are there only to dress up the necks. Jewellery is passé. Get your hands on these airy scarves instead.As seen here: Eka, RmKV silks Dress over a dressThis is a little extreme, and we advise you to play with a sheer and opaque fabrics if you are at it. But the results are definitely Instagram-worthy.As seen here: Buna studio, Eka White on white on whiteIf two white layers were not enough, Rajesh Pratap Singh added one extra to the mix. A great option for all minimalist-lovers out there. And if you are afraid to add one more layers, then go for white accessories.As seen here: Rajesh Pratap Singh, Lars Andersson					Shine onThe Abraham and Thakore show had models stepping out wearing ensembles perfect for high-end occasions and extravagant parties.The all-black outfit with gold sprinkled over it is perfect for an evening affair, and Urvashi Joneja made sure to add a little shine to her vibrant line. Belts everywhereVrisa by Rahul and Shikha gave a contemporary spin to ethnic wear, using belts to accentuate models’ curves.Amrich: by Richard Pandav and Amit Vijay was for the bold and beautiful. The creative use of bright colours, patterns and silhouettes along with belts made the line exceptionally breathtaking. Vibrancy at its bestBright and vibrant colours were the highlight of LFW Day 1. Urvashi Joneja, who is known to play with colours, didn’t shy away this time too and used different shades of neon at LFW Day 1.Amrich: by Richard Pandav and Amit Vijay too couldn’t resist throwing colours in their collection and as a result, models shone brightly at their show. All-black The love for the colour black is eternal. Gen-next designer Shweta Kapur made her debut with a line inspired by women on-the-go. She showcased models in all-black outfits with travelling bags.Richard Pandav and Amit Vijay of Amrich: were also spotted experimenting with all-black ensembles. 													 Flared pantsIn today’s world, designers are all about comfort. AM:PM by Ankur and Priyanka Modi threw an exceptionally mesmerising show, where they paired long and flared pants with perfectly cut blouses.Chola by Sohaya Misra left everyone in awe with her garments and use of accessories. In addition to experimenting with flared pants, she exclusively showed inclusivity in her collection and models.					The big news—lilac is set for a major comeback. This year is all about pastel colours, from runways to the fashion streets. Be it shades of almond or subtle hues of cream and pink, this one fashion trend is here to stay for a long time. Find out five different ways you can style these ice cream colours right: Wear a pastel coloured sweater over a simple white T-shirt or top. Pair it with distressed jeans and casual shoes. Add a shoulder bag to the outfit.  Style a striped monochrome top with a pair of black skinny jeans and don a pastel coloured shrug over it. Wear comfortable loafers and a sling bag to complete the look. Pair a tie-up striped top with a pastel mini skirt along with a handbag. Add flats for a casual look.  Wear a printed dress with beige heels ideal for a party look. Also, add a plain pastel coloured bag to offset the prints. Style a printed pastel top with a printed bright skirt for a daring yet fun look. Complete the outfit with a pair of stylish sandals.					Factors like comfort and the rise of casual wear like kurti-palazzo duo has led to fusion wear being one of the most followed trends this season. Today’s women want to combine contemporary styles with a hint of vintage charm. Thus, it becomes all the more important for you to pair the two separates right. Here we tell you five different ways you can style Indo-western outfits: Style a high-low kurti with boyfriend or casual jeans. Add a saddle bag and a pair of oxford shoes to complete the look. Jacket style kurti with a pair of palazzos is appropriate for both college and work. Wear it with loafers or slip-ons. Wear a printed kurta with a pair of printed palazzos for a bold and beautiful fashion statement. Complete the outfit with white sneakers to offset the prints. Don a shirt-style kurta with a pair of well-fitted trousers and add casual shoes to the look. Pair a kurti dress with trousers which is ideal for a casual day out with friends. Carry a tote bag to complete the look effortlessly.					We can’t exactly pinpoint the time when outlandish became fashionable, but it should be around the time when designers like Virgil Abloh and Demna Gvasalia burst onto the scene (of course, Alessandro Michele being the flagbearer). In the past few months, we have witnessed crocs get a couture update, and sunglasses go ridiculously tiny. But what has the caught the fancy of It-girls around the world and even our B-Town club is the ugly sneaker. Inspired from the trainers once seen in your dad’s footwear closet in the ’90s, these oversized sneakers are the epitome of cool today. How to identify them—well look for chunky shapes, stacked sole and (most probably) a fashion-forward celeb rocking these with their on-point style. Here’s proof. We also tell you where to snag a pair at different price points.Janhvi Kapoor's got more than two. Definitely eyeing Aryan Khan and his mismatched pair of Balenciaga.Kareena Kapoor Khan makes it a point to coordinate her outifts well.Not far behind is bestie Karan Johar, who probably was spotted in those Balenciaga sneakers first.Ishaan Khatter also made it to our list with this pair of Nike.Varun Dhawan in this uber-cool pair.Get them:Nubuck and mesh sneakers, price on request, Balenciaga Leather sneakers, price on request, Chloé Leather sneakers, price on request, Louis Vuitton PU sneakers, Rs 3,990, Zara.com/in Polyester sneakers, Rs 2,699, Hm.com Leather trainers, Rs 6,499, Adidas Classics @ Koovs.com 													We are jumping and cheering (pom-poms in hand) as old-school sportswear comes into focus. Cher Horowitz will totally approve of these popular high-collared jackets, oversized logos and sneakers from Forest Gump’s closet. The big comebackUgly sneakers have sneakily made an appearance everywhere. Blame the trend on the inability to leave the 90s behind.On Naisha: Mesh sports bra, Rs 2,595, Nike; polyester skirt, Rs 2,590, Zara; knitted long cardigan, Rs 7,490, Massimo Dutti; cotton socks, Rs 899, adidas; leather block heels, Rs 3,299, Truffle Collection; acetate sunglasses, Rs 7,499, VogueOn Neelaksh: Cotton polo T-shirt, Rs 1,699, Jack & Jones; satin finish trousers, Rs 1,790; cotton bomber jacket, Rs 4,599, Tommy Hilfiger; suede sneakers, Rs 2,499, North Star by Bata; cotton cap, Rs 1,299, adidas The short of itWe can deny it no longer that short skirts and crop tops have been our all-time favourites, especially when paired with funky, colourful and the dopest scrunchies. Linen twin set, Rs 5,951, Nor Black Nor White; gold finished brass metal earrings, Rs 3,400, Eurumme Power pairWe do love the idea of pairing the chicest outfit – a blazer and pink skirt – with comfortable shoes, as we rush around during the busy work week.On Naisha: Cotton blend T-shirt, Rs 1,999; viscose shorts, Rs 1,799; viscose double-breasted jacket, Rs 2,999, all H&M; coloured socks, stylist’s own; leather pointy heels, Rs 51,500, Christian Louboutin.On Neelaksh: Cotton polo neck t-shirt, Rs 1,699, Jack & Jones; sheeter shorts, Rs 12,950; Shivan & Narresh; light weight fabric jacket, price on request, Nike; cotton socks, Rs 899, adidas; leather white shoes, Rs 2,999, North Star by Bata; gold plated watch, Rs 9,900, Just Cavalli Pencil caseLaid-back sets are every man’s downtime dream. Choose a head-to-toe neutral hue and break it with contrasting accessories.Linen shirt, Rs 4,800, linen pants, Rs 4,000, both CORD; suede-panelled sneakers, Rs 13,999, adidas; gold-plated watch, Rs 9,900, Just Cavalli; leather bag, price on request, Longchamp Run the streetsIt’s a great mix of functionality with nuance when you combine tailored trousers with a check jacket. Take this look, with monochrome sneakers, to the streets.Georgette shirt, price on request; pleated pants, price on request; tweed jacket, price on request, all Dior; cotton socks, Rs 899, adidas; gold plated earrings with semi-precious stone, Rs 4,000, Varnika Arora Go big or go homeIt’s the ‘90s all over again – oversized T-shirt underneath matching sets. Wear this look beyond tennis courts.Cotton T-shirt, Rs 2,999, adidas; linen pants, Rs 10,800; linen jacket, Rs 12,000, both Shift; metal watch, Rs 12,000, Just Cavalli Game changerA cropped sweatshirt can be transformed into an ‘It-girl’ outfit with the perfect pair of stripes. Polyester blouse, Rs 799, Zara; chevron patterned skirt, price on request, Fendi; cotton socks, Rs 899, adidas; Faux leather shoes, price on request, Michael Kors; cotton jacket, Rs 4,999, adidas; studded stones earrings, Rs 5,500, Sameer Madan. Finishing touchesGrab your most accessible, cultured staple – polo tees – and pair them with high-waisted shorts for a vintage-inspired look. On Naisha: Cotton long dress with stripes, `3,490, Massimo Dutti; gold finished brass metal earrings, `3,200, Eurumme.On Neelaksh: Jersey T-shirt, Rs 8,900, Shivan & Narresh; Linen pants , Rs 17,006, Verandah Suit upTracksuits have become summer-appropriate. The bomber and track combination is more relevant than ever, even if it is for boardroom meetings. Cotton jacket, price on request; cotton pants, price on request, both Pawan Sachdeva; cotton T-shirt, Rs 2,599, Jack & JonesPhotographer: Vinay Javkar; Hair and makeup Artist: Tashi (Inega); Models: Naisha Bhargabi & Neelaksh Apte (Anima Creative Management); Fashion stylist and shoot co-ordinator: Akshita Singh; Interns: Shirsa Ghosh, Bhoomi Mistry; RETOUCHED BY: Vikas Kamble					There is nothing off about this trend, paradoxical to its name. Off-shoulder style has lived and thrived amongst us since the 1800s–the era of art, architecture, romance and fashion in the form of elaborate dresses. Having a feminine appeal and an ability to blend with different silhouettes has made it every woman’s wardrobe essential. From red carpet gowns to a girl’s go-to date clothing, off-shoulder has found its way everywhere and in everything. Even the Indian bridal wear designers are not spared and are often seen experimenting with the trend. The best thing about it? You need not worry about going to the gym and getting perfectly-toned shoulders— just hop in one of the exposed shoulder dresses and you are ready to go. Here are few ways you can style the trend:Shilpa Shetty KundraHere the actor Shilpa Shetty has styled an off-shoulder peace + love crop top with matching trousers and Zara heels. To accentuate her already beautiful collar bones, she has worn an Azotiique necklace.  Kangana RanautWhen was the last time you saw Kangana Ranaut not slaying? The actor has revamped her style game like no one else. Here she is wearing an off-shoulder Bibhu Mohapatra outfit with Lanvin shoes. That hairdo though! Chitrangda SinghBecause Chitrangda loves everything dramatic. Here she is wearing an off-shoulder, ruffled AlpanaNeeraj monochrome dress ideal for a romantic date.  Esha GuptaEsha Gupta has styled a Gemy Maalouf outfit here. She has styled an off-shoulder top with well-fitted bright-coloured trousers. Going minimal on accessories and makeup is the key, you know! Mouni RoyMouni Roy is wearing an off-shoulder Narendra Kumar dress here. The thigh-high slit and body-hugging style is accentuating Mouni’s curves perfectly. You know this dress is ideal if you want to leave people in awe and appreciation of your style.  Parineeti ChopraHere the actor Parineeti Chopra is wearing an open shoulder, deep neckline dress. The Shantanu & Nikhil floral gown is everything but boring and the actor surely knows how to pull it off well. Nushrat BharuchaWith the perfect cut-outs and colour-combination, Nushrat Bharucha is slaying this off-shoulder, Raquel Balencia flowy dress with utmost ease. This look is hands down ideal for a hot date. Photographs courtesy: Instagram and Yogen Shah					The one fashion trend everybody is endorsing is athleisure–a trend in which workout clothes are given a streetwear edge, so that they can be worn to the gym and beyond. B-town fashionistas like Kangana Ranaut, Alia Bhatt and Anushka Sharma are often seen in these fresh, sporty looks. The trend has been embraced by major high-fashion brands and has been spotted on the runways for a few seasons now. There are three things you definitely need to flaunt this look—a comfortable outfit, a cool pair of sneakers and a major dose of attitude. Let’s see five different ways of sporting athleisure: Pair a printed short sleeve T-shirt with track pants for a casual day out with friends. You can complete the look by wearing white sneakers for women or sport shoes.   A plain T-shirt paired with printed track pants is an ideal combination for a lazy college day. Add converse shoes to complete the outfit and look simply stylish.  A spunky jacket paired with distressed light-washed jeans is perfect for an airport look. Complete the look with brown boots.  You can accessorise a simple athleisure outfit by adding a cool backpack to it. Pair a tank top with classic joggers and you are ready for a movie date followed by a shopping spree. Complete the look with either white sneakers or sport shoes. Pair a casual tank top with training tights to look gym-ready. Add boots to your outfit instead of sneakers and you are good to hit the club at night.  					The one piece of clothing that can make any outfit look well-styled instantly is denim. Believed to be invented in 1873 by Jacob Devis and Levi Strauss, denim has come a long way since its inception. Today, it has forayed into footwear, accessories, furniture and even vehicles as seat covers. From the most eminent designers in the fashion fraternity to celebrities and even influencers, denim has spared no one and is everyone’s go-to clothing item. We tell you five ways you can style denim this season and look stunningly fashionable:What comes to your mind when you think of comfort and style together? A stylish pair of casual jeans indeed! Considered a wardrobe must-have, a pair of casual jeans could be styled with a simple, embellished T-shirt. To make the outfit look swish and smart, add-on a pair of white sneakers or flats.  When our favourite skinny jeans become a big no-no in the monsoon season, bootcut jeans come to our rescue. Pair them with a printed, chiffon shirt to keep your look easy-breezy. Complete this look by wearing crocs or slip-ons.  Wearing denim-on-denim is one fashion combination that can never go wrong. Style a well-fitted denim shirt with a slightly lighter shade of denim culottes and you’re ready to take on the world. Complete the look with floater sandals.   A-line skirts are in vogue! And what’s better than having them in denim. Don an off-shoulder, striped top over an A-line denim skirt to look perfect for a casual day out with friends. Pair the outfit with monsoon boots to complete the look. What is the perfect colour-combination you ask for women's fashion? White and denim hands down! Wear a printed white T-shirt, on skinny white jeans and pair them with a denim jacket. The entire ensemble exudes chicness. Complete the look with white sneakers.					Isn’t this statement the absolute truth? With the recent incident at Cannes 2018, where American actor Kristen Stewart was seen removing her heels on the red carpet as a protest against the film festival’s dress code—all female guests should wear heels–the message was crystal clear: No more telling us what to wear! With well-being as the topmost priority, women have consciously replaced the gut-wrenching experience of wearing stilettos with congenial foot candies, sneakers! According to a report by NPD’s group retail tracking service, sales of heels dropped by 12 per cent in the year 2017, while the sneakers market witnessed a boom of 37 per cent. Experts claim that other than factors like comfort and health concerns among women, one rationale seen for the decrease in the sales of heels is casualisation of every occasion. Let’s find out how Bollywood celebs are rocking the trend. One of the leading actors in Bollywood, Alia Bhatt flaunts her Madison pants and Adidas sneakers at the airport. Her off-white handbag, paired with the coolest pair of black shades, completes the athleisure look.  In her Alcoolique trench, Shopbop white crop top and Deme by Gabriella pants, Shraddha Kapoor slays this look in all its glory. The Zara shoes worn by the actor complete the outfit effortlessly.  When it comes to style, Malaika Arora can never go wrong. Here she styles an airport look by wearing a Narendra Kumar outfit.  Actor Mahira Khan looks exemplary in this perfectly styled outfit. Her flawless ensemble paired with YSL shoes oozes modishness and excellence.  When it comes to new trends, the Bollywood fashionista can never be left behind. Kareena Kapoor Khan looks simple yet stylish in this airport look. She wears an off-white shirt with a pair of well-fitted denims. The sporty sneakers complete the outfit with utmost ease.  Sophie Choudry surely knows how to pull off an all-denim attire. The Gucci shoes effortlessly complement her Topshop outfit and Claudie Pierlot jacket. The arm candy by Jimmy Choo and the Fendi glares complete the look.					It was 2011 when Quirk Box took root. Co-founded by Jayesh Sachdev, it was a venture to bring his art to many through fashion and décor. What he didn’t know was that all their products will be sold out within the first week. Their quirky – as their name rightly suggests – designs are well appreciated and have had many takers even amongst the celebs like Deepika Padukone, Ranveer Singh, Priyanka Chopra, Alia Bhatt, Parineeti Chopra, Amitabh and Abhishek Bachchan, Kangana Ranaut and Kajol. The brand defines itself as a fashion and lifestyle label that exudes wearable eccentricity. “That, in addition to rich colour, graphic art and playful sophistication define our essence,” Sachdev mentions in the brand information, “We are synonymous with all things fun, offbeat and quirky. Our exuberant approach to the everyday encourages personal style with a dash of incandescent charm. We call it life in technicolor.” An artist by passion, a designer by choice and a creative entrepreneur by vocation, Sachdev talks about the brand, his journey and making people a walking gallery. It shouldn’t have been such a surprise though. Sachdev is an artist, designer and entrepreneur. He graduated with a Degree in Visual Communication at Lasalle College of the Arts, Singapore and holds the national record for having painted India’s largest concept artwork. Alongside running the Quirk Box, he continues to practice as an artist, exhibiting through New York to Bombay. He has won many awards including British Council Young Arts Entrepreneurs India 2008, Tiger Translate India Arts Awards and Crow Bar Asia Advertising Awards and he is also a credited TEDx speaker. Apart from his art, he is an avid photographer and loves to play tennis. Quirk Box also, is an award-winning label, alongside its founder. It won the Best Urban Wear Label – India award at Grazia Young India Fashion Awards in 2015. They have showcased their collection at the Lakme Fashion Week since 2013. In previous interviews, the artist-designer who is inspired by Sabyasachi and Manish Arora told the story behind Quirk Box, “There is an oddity and sense of innovation that is a virtue of Quirk Box. This oddity, this quirkiness, and this implicit need to be original and fun put together are what we like to call the Quirk Box. We’re here to be different and carve a niche of our own in this ever-growing industry. The strategy is to only provide fresh, quirky and unimaginable designs to our customers and reach out to prospects that haven’t yet been exposed to quirky fashion and lifestyle.” Living up to its story and its name, each collection by this brand has been unique and out-of-the-box. Not one to follow trends, but to set them, he has kept true to the essence of the brand with each collection, having come up with new and interesting prints every time. “Our USP is our strong understanding of design and fashion and our inherent traits of wanting to create something original each time,” he explains, “We are not aping trends, even though our works have a very strong ‘pop art’ essence, we are neither imitating designs, nor finding inspiration from Bollywood/Hollywood or popular culture, we are constantly striving to create innovative art that spells individuality.” Sachdev and his brand are all about expressing their art through various mediums, and thus was the Quirk Box Design Studio born. “I am primarily a visual artist,” tells the man who believes that ‘design is art with a function and business is applying that design into context’, “I have no formal understanding of fashion. My art and illustration aesthetic are what makes Quirk Box distinguished. The art that is made for Quirk Box is put into fashion, but fashion is only one such medium onto which my art can be applied to. We can design your space, your business identity, textile prints, wedding cards… the scope is diverse and limitless.” Through this independent design studio, the design style that is inherently Quirk Box can be hired as a service and not just as a product. We have a tête-à-tête with Sachdev talking of the milestones he’s reached in his journey till now, his inspirations and aspirations. Can you tell in brief about your journey to date?It's been a decade that I've been an artist; so it’s clearly been a long and exciting one. I started out as a Jr. Art Director at an agency in Singapore, after graduating from an art school. I eventually moved back to India to start Emblem, my design studio. That didn’t initially kick off the way I'd have imagined and I occupied myself painting. Before I knew it, I'd become a full-time artist. I founded Emblem Tee, and the Emblem Art Gallery and later Quirk Box. I like to believe I'm a creative entrepreneur as much as an artist. Along the way I picked up a few accolades and awards, it's been a frustrating, enriching and a learning journey, and I'm probably not even close to halfway where I'd like to be. Were art and design something you wanted to pursue from the start?I wanted to write. I wanted to play tennis and football. When I didn’t end up pursuing those as career options, I had a strong idea that I would be inclined towards a Visual Arts career. What inspires you to create?There is something magical and whimsical about creation. You have freedom. I enjoy this freedom of being a creator.  What inspired you to start Quirk Box?As an artist, you tend to have a limited audience. Often affluent or far too niche and restricted. This meant all my creative ideas and visions would manage to reach a small audience. I hoped that a lot more people could firstly, witness my art and secondly, afford it. Quirk Box was started to be a functional art label. Instead of buying my art on a canvas, you could now buy it as a garment. When you wear Quirk box, you are a walking gallery of my imagination. You started with an online store, and haven’t gone for the traditional retail format. Was that a conscious decision? Do you plan to have your own store in the future?The idea was always the penetration of the market. If you've lived in one place too long, you become a frog in a pond. You have to go out there and tell your story to everyone. I didn’t want to be tied to a physical space. I needed my art to be everywhere. And online allows me to reach 200 countries as opposed to one specific location that a brick and mortar are about.Since the start, you have come up with out-of-the-box designs. How has the response been?We turned seven in April. It's been wonderful. We've dressed commoners and celebrities alike. Won the awards that mattered and got the features that matter. We've sold from Pune to Peru. I have much to be grateful for. How’s the Quirk Box journey been till date? Can you tell us in brief about the milestones in this journey?When we started out seven years ago, we started out wanting to create something exciting. We had unrealistic ambitions, we wanted to reach the entire country, but a part of me believed I was being delusional to expect it. A week into our launch we were sold out and we realised we had created something larger than we knew. It has been a learning curve. Meeting incredibly talented people, incredible experiences, winning relevant awards, dressing fashion goddesses, it opened new windows of opportunities and experiences, from the fashion weeks to dressing A-listers. It's been a long tough exciting ride.Where do you get your inspiration from when you come up with new collections?Inspiration is everywhere. We find inspiration from our experiences and surroundings. There is no preset for this. Every day is a new experience and ideas are ever evolving. The fabrics you choose, the prints, the colours… Why do you choose what you do?I make art that I chose to make. We do not restrict ourselves with the art. The freedom of creating is why we started this. This is not trending determined. The fabrics that are chosen based on the season, cotton would work in warmer weathers, crepe and silks in the festive season. Since we print a multitude of colour, we also need to pick fabrics that allow us to print the kind of art we make. We also try to keep our prices in-check so the fabrics determine the same. Can you tell us about your latest collection?Our summer collection Chikanobu was inspired by the 18th-century Woodcut Artworks of the Japanese Artist Toyohara. I love all things Japanese, and Japanese art was something I've always been intrigued by. My wife Priyanka who is now the Chief Illustrator at Quirk Box was truly inspired by the idea of recreating his works in a contemporary context. The artworks of Emperor Meiji, the Japanese Cranes, Waves and Geisha's all features as artworks in the series of our Summer Resort wear. We used Crepe this season. It is light in weight and the blend we use is easy on sweat, heat and wash care.Who is your inspiration? I am inspired by my travel experiences. Food, small, the unknown that is exciting brings with it new stories to tell. Stories that we tell through art and fashion. Your most and least favourite parts of designing?Every day at work is a challenge; a new challenge. The amalgamation of art and business is something I am excited by. I thrive on this. Having to solve internal conflicts of tailor/labour is a rather annoying part of the profession though.What in your opinion is your biggest achievement so far?That I am able to sustain art in a country that has no value for it, is my biggest achievement. Quirk Box was one of the first of its kind with the designs that you came up with. These days there are many who do similar or “inspired” designs. Your take on plagiarism in the industry.Everything is an inspiration, and everything is a copy… some more than others. I see a tree and I draw it. I copy from nature. Some see the drawing of my tree and copy it. Unfortunately, due to the weak intellectual property laws and ambiguities, this won’t change anytime soon. In the meanwhile, we have to believe that imitation is the best form of flattery.Being an artiste and a designer, how do you balance the two facets?They are integrated. One fuels a passion, one fuels the bills. Can you tell us a little about Quirk Box Design?Quirk Box is an independent boutique art-based design studio. It offers crafted solutions for all your design needs.  With over 10 years of experience in the design space, including branding, graphics and fashion, the studio offers the same philosophy and principle of its original art and design and strong aesthetic essence, that is no longer limited to its in-house label, but to anyone that would like to hire its service. having worked with fashion, art, graphic design, branding, advertising, space design, the brand now offers you a design language you need, keeping intact the graphic art and playful sophistication that defines our essence. Can you tell us a little about your next collection?Our next is our most ambitious collection yet. Given the detail of the work, we are still working against the clock to release it in time for August. But hopefully, it will see the light of day soon.What do you envision the future holding for you?I wish I could foretell the future. But I can only hope. Hope to create good work, hope that it continues to be appreciated. Hope that I can sustain a lifestyle that allows me to travel extensively.What is your advice to the upcoming designers and fashion entrepreneurs?They don't need my advice. They need self-belief, courage and perseverance.					Sleeves are an element of fashion that has undergone some drastic upgrades, variations and evolutions in the last century. So whether you want to channel the Elizabethan age of over-the-top opulence or free-spirited bohemian vibes, there is a sleeve for every kind of whim and fancy. Like everything in the fashion industry, there is a time when some styles rise above the rest to become the look and talk of the season and the sleeves making waves (literally) this season are a mix of delightful throwbacks and modern sophisticated elegance. Bell of the ballBell sleeve is a super cute and fun style that is making a comeback to the fashion scene. The bell sleeves have been much beloved for their flowy design that allows easy movement and for their uber-graceful feminine appearance. In its previous lives, bell sleeves started their journey out by simply being a flared sleeve that was a part of the Japanese Heian period. A long dramatic flared sleeve was a classic feature and style norm back in the day. It then migrated across the world into the European medieval era and was predominately a style that was seen in the outfits of members of the church clergy. And it was around that time that the sleeve slowly and steadily developed its signature bell structure.The elite class of the Elizabethan era adored the bell sleeves. And as 'less is more' was not a phrase that the stylists of the Elizabethan era particularly believed in at the time, they decided to make it more extravagant (because, why not?) By adding on various embellishments like frills, lace and pleats . After which, the sleeves safely made their way into the modern world wherein the bell shape became more distinct and was synonymous with gentle femininity.The bell sleeves have been around for a long time and are likely to be around for a good bit more too considering the comebacks it makes every few years, seamlessly incorporating itself into the latest fashion trends. Though the bell structure is highly appreciated in the form of sleeves, its other variant 'the bell bottoms' weren't so lucky. But the world of fashion is a strange and unpredictable place. You never know what might pop up again.Why, though? Why has this simple little style managed to stick around for so long? Well, it because bell sleeves are enormously versatile. They have comfortably made themselves a perfectly fashionable asset in every area. From chic work wear to flirty casual and elegant evening wear, bell sleeves can be brought to every area of ââinterest. (Multipurpose utility? Yes, please). It is also wearable in a range of different fabrics as well as wool, lace and silk.How to style: Bell sleeves are great for any kind of occasion. And they come in several different variations, the fitted sleeve with bell flare starting only at the wrist or at the elbow. This is great for people wanting a combination of two styles; full-fitted sleeve and bell sleeve. When it comes to styling it for a classy, ââhigh fashion workwear ensemble, bell sleeves that tie at the elbow add that dash of sleek with a mild dose of flounce. Paired with some tailored pants make an effortless fashionable work-wear look that will help get rid of those Monday blues. Sheer silk blouses sporting bell sleeves are perfect for decadent evening wear and is super comfortable. Cap-tain of styleIf there was ever a voting poll to decide which is the 'all-time favorite sleeve' then cap sleeves would probably win hands down. Cap sleeves give us a feel of soft femininity, throwing it back to those long dreamy gowns with adorable cap sleeves that Keira Knightley wore to the ball in Pride and Prejudice (Who wouldn't want to pretend to be in that situation?). It is a representation of simple, uncomplicated design that is made for everyone. Their modest design is probably why they have been a part of bridal gowns and bridesmaids dress for a long time. The first record of cap sleeves being included into wedding attire has been traced back to the roaring 1920s and then made their way into everyday party wear fashion as well (flapper dresses anyone?).After that, the beloved cap sleeves cruised their way into the 30s, 40s and 50s. Clearly, fashion couldn't let them go and for good reason. It was made widely popular and sealed its place as timeless style when the biggest celebrities showcased their little cap sleeves of the most important day of their lives: their wedding. Scores of celebrities and royalty have sported cap-sleeved wedding gowns and strengthened its reputation as a favored design. When Jackie Kennedy Onassis wed John Kennedy in 1953 in her beautiful cap-sleeved gown, the style's popularity shot through the roof. Mega style icon Audrey Hepburn wore a cap-sleeve wedding dress in her movie 'Funny Face' in 1957 and that made it official, the cap sleeves were here to stay.The most recent ambassador for the beloved cap sleeve is the ever popular sister of the Duchess of Cambridge herself, Pippa Middleton. The fashion world will probably never forget the day she stepped out in that immaculate form-fitting cap-sleeved white gown on the day of the royal wedding. The wedding was not the only historic thing that happened that day. Pippa, with endless grace and panache, brought the caps back into the fashion scene. And it did not end there. When it was Pippa's turn to tie the knot, she dazzled the world again with another cap-sleeved beauty. Cap-sleeved elegance at its finest ladies!How to style: Though it is extremely favored in the wedding scene, bell sleeves are also quite flexible and can be showcased in everyday fashion as well. Along with it being a part of the usual suspects of western wear ie dresses and tops, you can even bring this style a little closer to home. Embellished high-necked sari blouses with cap-sleeves are exceptionally gorgeous and are a great way to amp up your traditional wear. Bishop sleeveBishop sleeves are sleeves that are quite similar to a bell sleeve, however, they have one defining feature. The full-length sleeves have a familiar flare that flows from the shoulder but it ends with a wide cuff that is gathered and cinched at the wrist. The style emulates a luxurious vintage feel. And it should rightfully because this style has been around for a long time. Though the sleeves are similar to the shape to the sleeves worn by bishops of the church- hence the name - but traces of the flouncy sleeves go even further back in time to the sixth-century Byzantine era (Kudos to them for probably being the oldest sleeve style ever). Though they were not all that prevalent during that time, bishop sleeves become a lot more common during the 1800s.Bishop sleeves got major traction back in the mid-60s during the time when the free-spirited hippie culture was making a statement in society. The relaxed flowing look it created coincided perfectly with the hippie style and they were all for it. Further on, in the 70s and 80s, the sleeves were made of lycra and polyesters to maintain the soft bouncy look that was its biggest selling point. Bishop sleeves created a flattering, balanced silhouette that made a person's shoulders look smaller in comparison. The cuff, historically, is a wide button cuff but over the years, it went through many reconstructions. Elasticized cuffs, embellished cuffs and cuffs with decorative trimmings were all a part of the advancements the bishop sleeves underwent to meet the ever-changing fashion demands.The distinctive shape of the bishop sleeve also attributes it to be known as balloon sleeves. They are also believed to be similar to peasant sleeves due to the fact that they both gather around the wrist. However, the difference is that peasant sleeves ideally tend to puff out at the shoulders, while bishop sleeves just flow smoothly from the shoulder down the arm for a nice draped effect. Peasant sleeves also do not possess a wide cuff but rather have a simple elastic band.How to style: Bishop sleeves are very distinctive and make quite a statement with their classically vintage look. Hence, they are great for formal blouses. Paired with a fitted high-waisted pant to emphasize the sleeves and create a stunning silhouette that just all of the soft sophistication; in other words, high fashion boss lady. For a look that's more casual Fridays, pair it with jeans instead. Draped bishop sleeves add a perfect little dramatic flair to a short loose dress with some strappy wedges or flats and you've basically got you're boho-chic on. Or a fitted dress that flatters your natural curves along with flowing sleeves is perfect for desk to dinner days. Keeping up with the kimono sleeveJapan's foremost export into the world of fashion is the traditional kimono and most popularly the kimono sleeve has carved its place into the fashion scene for the smooth elegant effect that it gave. Traditionally, the type of kimono a person wore would be a marker that officially denoted their social standing, rank and occupation. Well, clothes tend to have that effect even now in a rather unofficial, unspoken way. Nevertheless, the sleeve style eventually made its way across to the western world towards the end of the 1940s.Traditional Japanese wide kimono sleeves are varied in lengths. The sleeves of the kimono's that were used in theatrical performances tending to almost 3 feet long and would drag across the floor for spectacularly dramatic effect. Imagine walking into a party with 3 foot long sleeves (instant show stopper). Unfortunately, that wouldn't be the most practical thing to wear in the real world, so the sleeves were cut down to size to suit more normal measurements. Ideally, kimono sleeves have a deep armhole and the sleeve does not have a definite shoulder seam or armhole seam, which is its peculiarity. The main body of the garment and the sleeve are created from the same continuous piece of material, it, therefore, is also known as a 'grown-on' sleeve.How to style: Kimono sleeves are the trend this season and are perfect for wrap dresses, cinched-in waist secured with a sash that completely the whole traditional kimono look as a whole. Kimono sleeves are also great for sheer or silk blouses that go well with pants or pencil skirts. Shrugs with long kimono sleeves are an excellent way of adding a chic layer to casual jeans and tank top outfit. Cape wonder sleeveCape sleeves and capes are on the list of trending items this season. It's a cool look that speaks of elevated style and if you know just how to wear it and accessorize it, it can be a striking feature in your fashion diaries. Cape sleeves are can be traced back to the past with the introduction of the cloak. Capes were basically an outer garment that draped over the wearer and covered the shoulders, arms and was fastened at the neck. They were super popular back in medieval Europe (Try not to think of long Dracula-esque cape). After their heyday back in the dark ages, capes are back in the modern age to make a style statement unlike any other with designers offering new spins and innovations on trend to make classy and impart a sense of regality because every girl deserves to be a queen .Cape sleeves are most popularly seen on jackets - as the cape is essentially made for outerwear - that has been upgraded with bold new patterns, interesting new fabrics and showcased in varying lengths for every kind of occasion. The sleeves can either in be flared if made with softer fabrics or can be straight and sleek for a more defined structure.How to style: Cape sleeves are great on blazers and because the fabric is stiffer, the silhouette you acquire is impeccably sleek and very flattering; perfect for when you evolve from boss lady to modern queen! It is ideal for smart elegant formal wear or can be used to dress up a basic and top ensemble for a night out. Long flared, looser cape sleeves work well on dresses for an ultra-majestic look or on light pastel colored tops for those casual brunch days. Pick out any one of this season's trendiest sleeves and work it like a boss. Text: Crystal Symss Images: Yogen Shah Like history, fashion sure has a way of resurrecting back. Well, this year, fashionistas have re-adopted trends from the 90’s and we aren’t complaining one bit. One look around the fashion circle, and you’d be able to spot them! “This season is all about picking up trends from the 90’s decade and styling them with your own personal twist,” believes Azmeen Madhani Molo, fashion expert, Blush boutique. Stylist Chaitali Banavalikar-Kulkarni informs, “90s were a total game changer since people became more experimental about their style, rather than focusing on what a particular group of people are wearing.” These are our top picks for the season, have a look on how to style and slay these looks!					Of staple stringsThis quite modest piece of string worn across the neck dates back to 2500 BC! From denoting prostitution to denoting lesbianism, the choker has travelled quite practically everywhere. The choker, now sitting proudly in jewellery cases gained its due attention in the 1900’s because of Queen Alexandra of England when she flaunted one to hide a small scar. It further garnered attention when people started wearing plastic chokers in 1990’s. From Gwyneth Paltrow flashing one at the 1999 Academy Awards to Paris Hilton and Rihanna, every fashion diva has surrendered to the choker game. Back home, Zeenat Aman was one of the first celebrities to rock a choker. Of course, these days the humble choker has enjoyed popularity as celebrities such as Sonam Kapoor, Priyanka Chopra, etc. exhibit various types of choker including diamonds, lace, velvet, beads, leather, shoelace (Yep, even a shoelace can be worn as a choker!) Not only is it super stylish, it is also easy on the pocket and comes with a guarantee of making you seem like an Insta- goddess! Chokers are literally the easiest way to make you seem like you belong to the ‘you can’t sit with us’ tribe. The 90s saw the ‘it’ crowd styling their plastic cord with denim shorts and crops.Style guide: Chokers are something that could be worn throughout the day and beyond.  The strand science is pretty easy to grasp. (No Einstein IQ required here!). The only deciding factor to keep in mind to wear one is the neckline of the outfit that you would be wearing it with. Now, you could wear a dainty ribbon cord for a super casual day out in denim and a tee or could go glam displaying an extravagant bold crystal version with an off-shoulder gown. You could also parade around in multi-layered chokers by pairing them with low neckline outfits. “Chokers are in but can get common these days. Mix it up with a layer of other neck pieces of various lengths to give it a new and different look,” shares designer Neha Sharma. Moving on to traditional outfits, nothing like an Indian-ised version of a choker to pair with a lehenga for your oh-so-important mehendi function. Put together a statement piece of a pearl droplet choker with a sheer black sari and be prepared to make heads turn at the soiree! Return of the coy cropA moment of applause for Madeline Vionnet for if it wasn’t her, we really wouldn’t have been offered the cropped fashion. In 1932, Madeline Vionnet designed an evening gown with strategically cut openings at the waist. The design was accepted by the masses and how! By the 1940’s, women’s magazine had further enhanced the trend by exposing degrees of midriff. Teen magazines of late 1940’s and 1950’s too weren’t far behind and happily participated in the movement by flaunting midriff barring suits and tops. Although it was restricted to swimwear initially, since the trend was so widely accepted, it was only natural for it to have an upgrade and move into women’s wear.This was only the beginning for the coy crop top. Crop tops further moved ahead to become “the look” of the 1980’s. The midriff-baring piece of clothing found a fan in Madonna, who wore it in a lot of her albums. She even made it a part of her signature look. It further garnered tons of exposure on silver screen and was part of many iconic films such as Dirty Dancing and Flash Dance. Crop tops conquered the pop culture and became a major part of it all throughout the 90’s. The low rise jeans paired with belly shirts became a classic duo especially in the sector of music and television. Britney Spears too was seen parading around in the same quite often. While they were initially worn during daily workouts with leggings, the crop top progressed to being worn with denim for a casual look.Style guide: Fortunately, styling a crop top isn’t all that demanding as it is quite a versatile piece and each one of us can find a variant to work around with.  Cropped fashion isn’t restricted to the 20 something’s or to the women with washboard abs.  The beauty of it is that it can blend into your business wardrobe as efficiently as it can belong to your vacation travel suitcase. If you aren’t comfortable with taking a leap forward by sporting a short crop, you could always work your way up by taking a shirt or top and giving it a DIY crop makeover by tying it! Full sleeved short tops paired with full skirts are another way of toning down the flash. You could also pair one with a high-waisted pant or knife pleated palazzo and add a blazer to rock that conference at 3 pm at the workplace. “Who’s not a fan of crop tops? It pairs well with high-waisted bottoms. Throw on a shrug to avoid showing off too much (if you want to tone down the look),” shares Sharma. Matching separates like a crop and a skirt with heels and a colour pop sling could have you looking like a million bucks – that too, without having to spend it. Doesn’t it look like it’s time for you to head down to the store and invest in some crop tops now? From functional to fashionableGiven fashion’s fixation on everything mini this year, it was only a matter of time that this completely charming backpack came back marching into our lives with drum rolls. If you are a 90’s kid, you probably remember owning at least one of these bags that was then imprinted with your favourite cartoon character and taking it for a day out at the annual picnic or at the local dance class sessions. What once proudly sat proudly on our study tables is back yet again only looking fresher than ever. The backpack (the bigger version) came into existence in the 1920’s solely as a functional carrier. It was only much later when designers realized that they could transform it from being just functional to being more fashionable and mint money!  The mini backpack gained massive popularity when it materialized on screen in Amy Heckerling’s Clueless in 1995 slung over the shoulder of the fictional Cher and there was no looking back after that. Alicia Silverstone donned one with her plaid miniskirts and knee socks and carried it so well that it became a must-have accessory for everybody.While it did not have a lot of variants back then, today you have a number of varieties to choose from. Ranging from leather goodies to satin to even denim, the mini backpack does not disappoint. This super fun and chic miniature not only can be worn as a backpack but also serves well as a handbag (all you have to do is hold it by its handle on the top!) so yes, you can enjoy the best of two worlds effortlessly. Style guide: Heading for a movie? Take along a mini backpack in a bright shade that stands out, whilst going super casual in denim and a V-neck. You could probably never imagine cocktails and mini backpacks in the same sentence but yes, you could invest in a fancier leather mini backpack handbag and take it for a night out with the girlfriends. It looks good and keeps your hands free to hold your drink easily. While satin backpacks could be taken while shopping, you could resort to the denim ones for game night at the arcade or while cheating on the diet at the pizza parlour. “Not only could you carry them with western outfits but you could even pair a bling-y mini with a sari to a kitty party!” points out Molo. There really is no stopping this fun-sized bag this season, we really advise you to go grab one of these and join the tribe! Also, you’re welcome!  Denim dramaMost of us are positively familiar with how denim came into existence; it worked its way up from being worn solely by labourers to being warmly accepted by the masses. High-waisted denim is a different thing altogether. It was invented in 1940 when brand Levis produced clothing keeping in mind the women working on land and in factories. The particular style allowed them to retain their modesty as they had to bend down to work. In the 60s, Marilyn Monroe donned one with a belt and shirt tucked right in and starred in the movie called The Misfits. You probably don’t need us telling you how well the look was accepted and followed. Most of us still wear it the Monroe way even today. Banavalikar-Kulkarni makes note, “In the 90s, high-waisted jeans were worn with crop tops and that’s come as-is as a trend now. You can just pull over an open shirt for daily wear.”The brand Guess made denim all the more popular with its campaigns starring Claudia Schiffer, Naomi Campbell, Drew Barrymore, and the late Anna Nicole Smith. High-waisted denim is being offered in a lot of different washes and styles which is why most everybody succumbed to the trend. Full speed to 2018 and a quick peep to today’s fashion scenario and you would notice how so many people are embracing the high-waisted trend. Style guide: You really cannot go wrong with this piece of clothing. Not only does it make you look curvier, it also makes you look slimmer, curvy and tall. Easy to wear, and low-maintenance is what makes them a must-have. “Denims emphasize the curves so well; they look graceful,” informs Molo. Wearing a dark wash denim with a white V-neck and some hoops makes you look oh-so-sassy and effortless; throw in some tan handbag and nude blocks and you are ready to kill! Pair it off with a bling bralette and you’ve got your Saturday night OTTN ready! Try heading to the workplace in a pair with a satin floral shirt with these denims and be ready to nail the Friday dressing OOTD!  Majorly monochromeThis is a classic that has seen many versions through the years. Not only did this trend get plenty of space in the Chanel collection of yore but it was also a big time hit with its current design head, Karl Lagerfeld and featured regularly in his collections. The designer liked the winning blend so much that he wears the combination himself. The 60’s went gaga over anything and everything edgy. The black and white optical illusions were a hit. Women went on to adopt the black and white, simple yet stunning pieces and felt that it came equipped with power. Back then, polka dotted dresses paired with hats sold like hot cakes (and polka dots' trend is back again!). Down the eras, designers including Victoria Beckham, Carolina Herrerra were smitten by the monochrome bug too. The 90s saw this trend with a twist. It was not just about the black-and-whites, which themselves were in vogue, but monochrome also caught attention in its coloured version. Ensembles in varying tones of the same colour became a rage. And this trend in monochrome is back this season, with its own twist. “Monochrome in the 90s was more of bright colours, but these days, people have turned to pastels,” informs Banavalikar-Kulkarni.Style guide: “Styling monochrome is quite simple, a little tricky but mostly the end result is nothing short of remarkable,” shares Azmeen. Monochrome does require a thought before but looks really chic and classy once styled in the correct manner. Let’s brave the 2018 summer by keeping it simple in a white shirt and black jeggings and statement accessories like a bold neckpiece or earrings and some chunky bracelets. Black body con dresses worn with white capes make you look like nothing short of a fashion diva. Steer clear of prints and keep it simple as prints could break the look. Bright colours, along with trending pastels, work well for summers; why not wear a monochrome ensemble with a bright and pastel shade in the same colour like pink, blue or green?Text: Ravina SachdevImages: Yogen Shah and Shutterstock																		This season, up your shoe game by choosing the trendiest footwear in town. Here are our picks. So, step up with sculptural heels that will give you just the lift you need. Fall in line, ladies, we give you a list of haute heels to buy. PU leather slingback, Rs 5,999, Zara Leather mules, Rs 14,000, Lanecrawford.com Patent leather pumps, price on request, Balenciaga @ LeMill Recycled polyester slip-ons, Rs 5,999, H&M Leather slingback, price on request, Fendi Elastic heels, Rs 5,999, Charles & Keith Nubuck leather booties, Rs 8,999, Clarks From work to wedding functions, there are multiple moments when one can flaunt ethnic outfits. However, putting together the look requires time and effort, not to mention, going to different shops to buy accessories, shoes, etc that match your outfit. Not anymore. Mohey, the newly-launched website from the house of Manyavar, solves this problem by providing you with all your ethnic wear requirements at one destination. We pick our favourite looks from Mohey and tell you how to get your glam on this season. Designer green sari This pista-coloured sari, with delicate work on the border, is truly eye-catching. The elegant detailing makes it a must-have this season. Style the look with floral drop earrings and a statement ring. Pink sari with golden print This graceful and vibrant sari is a beautiful addition to your wardrobe and can be worn on any festive occasion. Keep your accessories to a minimum—try gold and white jhumkas and a polki ring to enhance the look. Velvet embroidered lehengaThis gorgeous lehenga is ideal for your sangeet or reception function, and will make you stand out in the crowd. The velvet fabric is embroidered with floral motifs, with the contrasting pink dupatta making you look elegant. Wear this outfit with minimal accessories like a golden bracelet and earrings. Yellow sari with golden border Flaunt this summery yellow sari that is simple and graceful and looks good during any occasion. The golden border of this sari adds to its oomph factor. You can team it up with drop earrings and a bracelet. Red bridal lehenga It is a statement outfit for brides-to-be, thanks to its flaming hue and golden motifs. Complete your look with a traditional nose ring and mathapatti. You can also opt for a choker or a statement neckpiece. Mint green suit This mint green suit with golden block prints can glam up your look instantly. The cream layer adds more grace to this outfit, and the matching dupatta and churidar make you look party-ready. Team it up with Mohey designer-wear earrings and a polki bracelet. Block-print sari If you want a more traditional look, opt for this block-print sari in blue that looks good in any draping style. Elegant drop earrings will increase the charm of this look, along with a chunky ring with polki stones. Beige bridal lehengaIf you don’t want to wear a red bridal outfit, this beige lehenga is perfect since it has elements of red only in the dupatta. Team it up with a stonework kamarbandh or waist belt, a ring, bracelet and other bridal accessories like statement earrings, a neckpiece and maang tikka. Navy blue sari This beautiful sari with a dull gold pattern is perfect for an evening soiree; the collared blouse only adding to its style quotient. Team it up with a polki-style statement ring and antique earrings to complete your look. Solid orange sari Another beauty from the Mohey collection, this solid orange drape with simple golden border has a festive vibe. If you plan to tie your hair up in a bun, opt for chandbali earrings that will make your look even more glamorous. Anarkali-style kurtiSummer is here and wearing comfortable, breathable clothes is a must. Keep things causal yet trendy with this anarkali-style kurti that can be worn to office or the mall, and looks amazing when paired with red leggings. To enhance this look, add classic silver studs or a stone-studded ring.																		The Amazon India Fashion Week (AIFW) took place in the capital from March 14 to 18, and put up a spectacular display of the hottest trends to watch out for by some of the country’s top designers. The show had many Bollywood showstoppers as well, who strutted on the ramp in style. We give you a lowdown of some of the best moments on the ramp at this fashion week.Day 1 of AIFW saw a joint show put up by Ashish N Soni and Gauri & Nainika. Vaani Kapoor was the showstopper for both the designers and opened this Bond-themed show with an ivory coloured gown complete with ruffles and net. The gown was by Gauri & Nainika. She also closed the show wearing a sharp tux designed by Ashish N Soni. Day 2 saw designer duo Karishma and Deepa Sondhi display their vibrant collection with Bipasha Basu as the showstopper. Floral detailing stood out in their collection, and Basu in a coral lehenga was the perfect way to close the show. Designer Malini Ramani also presented her collection on Day 2 of the fashion week. Hues of black, white and sand dominated her apparels along with dramatic stripes. Designer Nikasha’s collection was dominated by the gold-foil print on beautiful tones of gold, red and white. From lehengas to sarees to dresses, she displayed something for everyone in her collection.Actor Rhea Chakraborty turned showstopper for designer Rina Dhaka who also showcased her collection on Day 2 of AIFW. She wore a shimmery lace dress paired with suede boots to close the show. Day 3 of Amazon India Fashion Week saw designer Abhi Singh display his collection which consisted of collared dresses in muted tones. Day 4, the last day of AIFW saw designer Shruti Sancheti display layered fashion in her latest collection. There was a explosion of different patterns in her outfits. Designer Kanika Goyal showcased some edgy outfits on the ramp in a mix of pastel and vibrant hues. Designer Priyam Narayan on the other hand stuck to neutral shades of cool blues, lavender, beige, etc in his collection.  Spring’s here and it is time to shun jackets and wear style on your sleeve, quite literally. The hottest trend this season is flaunting statement sleeves, be it bell, puffy, bishop or ruffled. It’s one little detail that can instantly uplift your look and make the monotonous look modern. Max Fashion’s Spring ’18 collection is high on sleeve drama, which is just what we need in our wardrobe.  Ruffle sleevesA white top with ruffle sleeves is the perfect spring outfit that can be perfectly paired with just about anything. You can opt for a denim skirt with suspenders and add a pop of colour with a pair of pink stilettos. Or, wear it with culottes if you want a more breezy look.  Bell sleevesBell sleeves are still the rage and you cannot not have one in your closet. The best part? It is comfortable and fashionable at the same time. Pair a plain bell sleeves top with a printed skirt and accessorise with oversized sunglasses for a casual-chic vibe.  Kimono sleevesIf you want something dressier that can help you go from office to evening look in a jiffy, kimono sleeves is your answer. The floral print adds to its charm and looks best with solid black or white pants. Whether you are looking for a cute top for a date night or something to wear to work, sleeves are the way to add that oomph to any outfit. With so many options to choose from, Max Fashion’s latest collection offers the perfect spring style we need RN.To view the collection, log on to www.maxfashion.com 													Have you ever heard of the Type A and B personality types? We might be able to tell you which type you are, only based on your fashion choices! Yes, it’s really that simple. Take the quiz and find out. 1. You need to make a solid first impression on a blind date. What do you do? a) You head to the mall with a clear idea of what your ensemble will be, with backups in case you don’t find what you’re looking for.b) You look through your closet, pick out clothes that will work, but shop for new accessories that will up the glam. c) You put together a look using your favourites from your closet. The idea of a date is to get to know the real you, right?  2. Which of these phrases best describes your wardrobe?a) Organised and filled with sensible separatesb) Timeless and covering a wide range of stylesc) Eclectic and full of colour 3. How do you usually shop for new clothes or accessories? a) You make a list of things you need and adhere to it strictlyb) You head out with an open mind and buy a few things that you really likec) You buy EVERYTHING you see on impulse! 4. How much time would you say you spend getting ready?a) You’re always the one that’s ready first. You don’t need much time if you know what you’re doing. b) It depends on the occasion. You take minutes for a casual outing but hours for a wedding. c) You’re notoriously (and unapologetically) late because you don’t step out until you’ve changed three times. 5. If you find someone wearing the same outfit as you, how do you react?a) You get annoyed and want to make sure that you’re pulling off the look better than them.b) You’re not a fan of the idea, so you spend the day avoiding being seen next to them.c) You’re #Twinning! This calls for a selfie! Mostly As  Type A Personality: Type As are ambitious and proactive. You love planning ahead and go over and above what is expected of you. The fact that you put so much time and effort into everything you do means that you’re fiercely competitive, and sometimes invite unnecessarily stressful situations. You’ve probably been called a control freak before, and you know the title is well deserved. You pride yourself in your ability to be organised, on time and efficient. Mostly Bs  Somewhere in between: You are all about adapting to circumstances. Falling on neutral ground between competitive and laidback, you are well-adjusted and change your approach based on what is called for. You are capable of being both a fearless leader and a willing team player. When you commit to something, you go all in, but you also know when it’s time to take a step back and detach yourself from a situation.  Mostly Cs  Type B Personality: You’re relaxed and believe in going with the flow. You are the kind of person to stop to smell the roses, and are known to enjoy the little things. People often mistake your laidback nature for inefficiency, but you know you can get things done without stressing yourself out. You’re not so much about the results as you are about the process, which is why you are good at tasks that require creativity and innovation.					Belted sarisThe traditional nine-yards gets a chic makeover with designers streamlining the silhouette at the waist using metallic belts.As seen at: SanjuktaDutta; Shantanu & Nikhil Mighty monochromeEven though it was a summer/resort presentation, designers couldn’t keep themselves off the classic black-and-white-combo. The result—stark monochrome silhouettes cascaded down the catwalk.As seen at: Aikeyah; Shantanu & Nikhil Ruffled upLightweight ruffles in floaty adorned dresses and sleeves and added a dramatic flair to the outfits.As seen at: ShriyaSom; Ashwini Reddy Wrap dressesThese new summer dresses looked effortlessly sexy on the runway. Just remember to keep your look clean and you are good to go.As seen at: NishkaLulla; Verandah Edgy bustierWhen you work hard, it’s gotta show. This season, designers went for bustiers, pairing it with lehenga skirts and flared trousers.As seen at:ShriyaSom; PayalSinghal					80s glamDesigners played with opulence and high-octane glamour to make a shining statement on the runways of Lakme Fashion WeekAs seen at: 431-88, Faguni& Shane Peacock, TarunTahiliani Oversized sleevesThe humble sleeve has raised its game by a notch with exaggerated forms that swallow your hand.As seen at: Asa Kazingmei, Bloni Anti-fit dressesSummer’s staple anti-fit silhouettes are guaranteed to turn heads this season. As seen at: Asa Kazingmei, Vrisa Feathers’80s opulence came hand-in-hand with dramatic plumes and fringes shimmying down the runway.As seen at: Falguni& Shane Peacock, 431-88 Neutral paletteStaying away from bold colours, designers opted for a sombre shade card this season. Think beiges, greiges and nudes.As seen at: Amoh by Jade, Vrisa					Extra long beltsThe street style connoisseur in us came alive at the first sight of this soon to be IT accessory. Extra long belts added just the hint of drama we needed to spruce up our wardrobe. Seen at Dhruv Kapoor, Ritu Kumar, Rara Avis Sheer handloomsAnother constant through most shows we saw were see-through silks and natural fabrics. What more would you ask for in this sweltering tropical climate? Seen at Urvashi Kaur, Amrich, Rara Avis All stripesAll sorts of stripes from pole to pin to mixed graces the runways yesterday. Adding a bit of maturity to experimental silhouttes, looks like the trend is here to stay.Seen at Dhruv Kapoor, GenNext, Ragini Ahuja, Naushad Ali Check me outWindow pane checks, asymmetrical, gingham, recurring occurrences of the classic fabric made us want to deck up our closets in it. Bonus points for sheer checks.Seen at: GenNext, Amrich, Urvashi Kaur, Naushad AliPS: Interesting clash of prints, pair your checks with your stripes for an off the runway look. Shine onfrom trends that we are glad to see again and again, high-shine tops the list. Earthy metallics in fluid silhouettes were at the forefront at Day 1 of Lakmé Fashion Week. Rara Avis takes the cake with superb composition and experimental fabric.Seen at: Dhruv Kapoor, Half Full Curve, Label Ritu Kumar, Rara Avis																		Designers are playing up the sleeve this season and the results are lust-worthy. B-town divas were quick to pick up on this international trend and make it their own. Here are some of our favourites.Sonam Kapoor in Hyun Mi NielsenPriyanka Chopra in Zadig Voltaire													Kriti Sanon in Nikhil Thampi													Kriti Sanon in Madison													Deepika Padukone in Monisha Jaising													Priyanka Chopra in Ester Abner													Sonam Kapoor in Kojak studio													Radhika Apte													Diana Penty in Amit Aggarwal													Kangana Ranut in Tony Ward couture 													The past few years have seen the rise of boudoir dressing, outside the confines of the bedroom and into broad daylight. This trend with its ’90s nostalgia, sensual camisoles, lacy slip dresses and luxe pajamas is becoming a mainstay on the red carpet as celebs worldwide can be seen ditching the gown for these effortlessly cool separates. Channel your femininity in a pair of pajama trousers with details like contrast side piping, in a kimono-styled silk blazer or in a pop-coloured camisole with lace detailing. This is what dreams are made of.Priyanka Chopra in Ester AbnerPriyanka Chopra in Grey Jason Wu Deepika Padukone in Sabyasachi Taapsee Pannu in Little Things Gigi Hadid 													Checks are all the rage right now, but with so many different variants out there, it’s hard to know your tartans from your windowpanes. We demystify the main types so you can pull them off like the women of Bollywood.GinghamGingham is one of the most common variants you can wear. It’s a basic, evenly-sized checkered pattern with no more than two colours. While it’s most commonly used on shirts, you could also pair matching separates like this bandeau-skirt combo on Alia Bhatt.Play with the size of the print for different results, like this mini-check jacket on Bhumi Pednekar.Windowpane checksWindowpane checks are exactly what they sound like – thin, spaced out checks that form a graph-like pattern. Since they’re subtle, they work great when you’re wearing print-on-print, like this checked blouse and striped sari on Jacqueline Fernandez.Vidya Balan sports the thicker variant of the windowpane check in this Kanjeevaram sari.Bend the rules and wear dotted checks instead of stripes like this cropped top on Tamannaah Bhatia.TartanTraditionally used for Scottish kilts, tartan is formed with unequally-sized checks, in two or more colours. Sonakshi Sinha wears a tartan slip dress over a plain white tee for a casual ensemble.This gathered-waist tartan skirt on Sonam Kapoor pays tribute to the original Scot kiln.If you’re looking for something more feminine, this tartan off-shoulder dress on Huma Qureshi is a good place to start. 													If you didn’t know what a coat dress (aka trench dress) was earlier, Priyanka Chopra’s 2017 Met Gala look surely taught you a thing or two. The Ralph Lauren dress (and the train attached to it) that entered our collective conscience last year might be too avant-garde to pull off on an occasion that doesn’t involve a red carpet, but that’s no reason for you to shy away from trying the trend that all of B-Town seems to now be obsessed with. Here’s all the coat dress inspiration you’ll need.Minimal and monochrome were the two keywords for Aditi Rao Hydari in this white Zara coat worn with black booties.													Shilpa Shetty Kundra looks like royalty in this red, fit-and-flare trench dress by Madison.													Match your lipstick with your printed coatdress like Kajol Devgan.													Millennial pink can step aside to make way for hot pink. – Kajal Aggarwal in Plakinger.													For the risqué at heart, play a little peek-a-boo with your lingerie like Rhea Chakraborty.													We’re not quite over the mustard colour trend, and clearly Genelia Deshmukh in Twelve AM:PM agrees.													Flaunt those legs like Parul Gulati in a maroon coat dress by Zara.													A variant of the coat dress is the blazer dress, like this ruffle-detail number by Nishka Lulla on Rakul Preet Singh													Sonakshi Sinha mixes it up with a solid, longline wrap coat over an embellished top, by Nikita Mhaisalkar.													Add some colour with a belt or skirt underneath, or both, like Surveen Chawla in Madison (jacket) and Cover Story (skirt). 													The fashion world never seems to run out of ways to make shoulder-show uber chic. From cold to off to one, there are tons of ways to flaunt your shoulders and look fab while you’re at it. One-shoulder outfits in particular are a simple detail that can transform your ordinary look to a truly red carpet-worthy ensemble. Here is some inspiration from Bollywood’s finest on how you can pull off the trend. Kriti Sanon shows you how it is done in a black red-carpet ensemble. Anushka Sharma sticks to her classic style in a Falguni & Shane Peacock outfit. The Kapoor sisters give us major twinning goals in their monochrome outfits. Esha Gupta looks sharp in a Monsoori gown. Mandira Bedi flaunts her chiseled clavicle in a Swapnil Shinde outfit. Aditi Rao Hydari does modern androgyny in a deconstructed shirt and flared trousers. 													Minimalism had a good run, but it’s now time to stash your delicate trinkets away. In case you didn’t get the memo, maximalism is the new buzzword in fashion. It’s no secret that Bollywood loves its baubles, and the women of B-town have been quick to embrace this trend. Here’s our round up of Bollywood’s most lust-worthy jewellery looks.Earrings that graze your bare shoulders can make quite the statement, as demonstrated by Katrina Kaif in Outhouse Jewellery													Sonakshi Sinha in Anomaly by Anam proves that cartilage earrings don’t always have to be dainty. 													Also, there is no such thing as too many rings. Exhibit A – Sonakshi in Satyani Fine Jewels.													Really, when it comes to rings, the bigger the better – Priyanka Chopra in Isharya													When in doubt, just pick antique silver – Kanika Kapoor in Amrapali Jewels													Sonam Kapoor in Mother of Pearl proves that pearls, in any form, are a classic.													And that casual ensembles are no excuse to leave the glam behind.													Don’t shy away from colour. Shraddha Kapoor in Valliyan by Nitya Arora drives the point home.													And if you can’t choose, wear ‘em all. – Parineeti Chopra in Ritika Sachdeva, Amrapali Jewels and Aquamarine Jewellery 													The new season calls for new sartorial risks, which will take your style game up a notch. Here’s a bright idea. Why don’t you expand your wardrobe palette with fresh, vibrant separates? And while you are doing that, throw the colour mixing rulebook out the window, because this season is all about riotous colour clashes. B-town ladies show you how to give an ultra-colourful update to style.Gold and silverSonam Kapoor in Hemang AgrawalPink and redAlia Bhatt in Dolce & GabbanaYellow and greenAlia Bhatt in Raw MangoPurple and pinkKangana Ranaut in a Dior dress and Prada coatInky blue and midnight blackAishwarya Rai Bachchan in Gauri and Nainika													Pink and burgundyJacqueline Fernandez in a cropped jumper and trousers 													Yellow and pinkSonam Kapoor in Zoe ChampionMagenta and plumDeepika Padukone in Prabal Gurung 													Our favourite B-town divas are experimenting with daring silhouettes and new-season embellishments this season. We curate the best ensembles that our leading ladies flaunted this weekend.Kriti Sanon in Zara Umrigar. 													Vaani Kapoor in Ziad Nakad.													Jacqueline Fernandez in Stephane Rolland.													Daina Penty in Alpana Neeraj. 													Manushi Chillar in Falguni & Shane Peacock.													Neha Dhupia in Gaurav Gupta.													Pooja Hegde in Charbel Karam.													Yami Gautam in Zara Umrigar.													Huma Qureshi in Monsoori.Sonam Kapoor in Atelier Zuhra. 													Kareena Kapoor Khan in Galia Lahav.Katrina Kaif in Jean Paul Gaultier.Sridevi in Ziad Nakad.Esha Gupta in Nikhil Thampi.													Alia Bhatt in Needle & Thread.													Deepika Padukone in Gauri & Nainika. 													Bhumi Pednekar in Nikhil Thampi. “The Fossil Q Gen 3 does everything a smartwatch should while looking as gorgeous as it does,” says actor Shruti Haasan, who loves everything about this smartwatch. According to Shruti, this watch is just like her and goes well with her glamorous and free-spirited personality. The actor identifies with Fossil Q Gen 3 for its simple yet tech-savvy features like activity and sleep trackers, touchscreen display, Bluetooth support and notification alerts for mails, messages, social media, etc. Like her, the watch is simple yet chic.The best part, however, is that this smartwatch is custom-made for women and is available in rose-gold colour, which is a hot favourite. From the strap to the dial, Fossil has paid attention to make it look trendy and elegant. Irresistible features like music control, battery life of up to 24 hours, LED flashlight and water-resistant make it a must-have for every woman. What more, this smartwatch is compatible with Android 4.3+ and iOS 9+ devices, and is recommended by Shruti herself. Here’s what she has to say about Fossil Q Gen3 smartwatch.  Q&A with Shruti HaasanOn Fossil: There’s a sense of belonging you feel with certain brands since it defines you and fits you perfectly. That’s the feeling I get when I think of Fossil. It resonates with my style—a little bit of love and a whole lot of vintage. On Fossil Q Gen 3: I love geeking out on tech advancements! The Gen 3 does everything a smartwatch should while looking as gorgeous as it does. I’m hardly ever without my phone, and I’m usually in a tizzy when I can’t find it. The watch has been a lifesaver in such situations. I’ve also checked emails, notifications, sent tiny and quick messages, used my phone’s music app, and controlled phone calls. It’s pretty much my mini phone. I’ve almost abused the selfie feature. I’m constantly taking pictures of my friends, family and self. There’s a lot more I’ve to learn about the watch, but for now, this is what I generally use it for. On smartwatch options for women: I was thrilled to find out that there were real options for women’s watches and not just smaller dials and pink straps. We have been given real choices and not looked upon as an afterthought. I’ve always loved rose gold-coloured jewellery and watches, so it’s just that much better for me! There’s just so much more to explore when it comes to the world of Fossil women’s smartwatches. Why Shruti recommends this watch to others: I love how the watch seems to play with the user, just as much as the user plays with the watch. That’s what makes it so unique. So, yes, definitely recommending this to everyone I know. I think it also would make an ideal first-time watch. The user interface is simple and the variety of straps and dial settings are immense. One word that defines Fossil Q Gen 3: 'Me' That’s the first thing I thought of when I put the watch on my wrist. This watch is in tune with my lifestyle, and who I am as a person. I think that’s the same thought most people who use the watch will have.Buy this smartwatch on Flipkart 													It’s been several months since the off-shoulder trend made a comeback on the runways but going by its popularity among celebrities (and everyone else!), we can safely say that it is here to stay.Disha Patani’s off shoulder look will take you straight to a ballroomA tease with the off-shoulder gameWe adore this dramatic off-shoulder look!Shruti keeps it casual yet classy with her top Huma’s fun attire is perfect for every mood A pop of contemporary to the traditional with the trend is a must!Sonakshi Sinha’s breezy white top is perfect for a beach vacay. Take a cue from Kriti's off-shoulder lehenga to up your fashion game. 													 Malaika Arora Khan takes to the streets of NYC in this crop top with bell sleeves.  Sridevi’s daughter Khushi rocks this beautiful blouse with intricate work and a matching lehenga. Ileana D’Cruz is winning hearts in this delicate bikini with ruffles. Parineeti perfects the flower power dress with bell sleeves. This fusion crop top is cute AF! Shraddha adds a pop of colour to her grey off-shoulder with the floral embroidery. Trust Sonam Kapoor to up the style quotient of any outfit with her innate fashion sense. 													The final day of Amazon India Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2018 gave an indication of what’s going to impact your sartorial choices in spring and summer. Take a look. RufflesSpring catwalks around the world are cascading with ruffles and the Capital wasn’t an exception. While Rina Dhaka included the frilly detail in her saris, kurtas and dresses at the finale, Ashish N Soni juxtaposed them on clean and classic silhouettes to make his ready-to-wear line look young, fun and sensuous. Flash dance shoulderThis is an evolution of the off shoulder trend. Designer Sulakshana Monga adapted the peekaboo treatment for her clothes, flash dance or the ‘accidental’ shoulder show that reveals a little flesh without showing too much was a predominant trend. Monga used Half-on, half-off tops and dresses with single ruffled shoulders exposing only a slice of skin. If you wear this, keep the rest of the outfit simple and let your shoulder do the talking. Sheer fabricSheer fabrics such as chiffon, tulle, mesh, organza and chanderi have been summer staples for long and they made an impactful appearance on the runway at the Amazon India Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2018. From hemlines, tops with sheer insets, skirts and dresses at Monga’s to sheer in Indian wear--embellished sheer lehengas and blouses and saris at the Suneet Varma’s show--the trend was ubiquitous. Traditional embroideryIndian culture and craftsmanship were both profusely showcased on the ramp via traditional motifs and intricate embroideries. From thread embroidery at Pankaj and Nidhi, Krishna Mehta and Charu Parashar to intricate zardozi embroidery seen at Suneet Varma’s show, this ethnic element is here to stay though the silhouettes may vary from western contemporary to Indian.  													With Amazon India Fashion Week Spring-Summer 2018 almost drawing to a close, it was time for some of the fashion industry's best known names to showcase their collections.Anju Modi's line titled Swadeshi was a tribute to heritage designs in khadi with a contemporary twist, like tie-and-dye and asymmetric cuts.Madhu Jain displayed her expertise in juxtaposing different weaves, motifs and textile traditions of the country.Payal Jain celebrated her 25 years in the industry with a collection that's purely an ode to her muse Frida Kahlo and her paintings. Jain had got her friends and family and actor Vaani Kapoor to walk the ramp in her creations.Kavita Bhartia remained true to her love for femininity in the form of pretty florals, summer hues and geometric prints.Shivan & Narresh packed all razzle dazzle in their line of swimwear, dresses and saris with prints inspired by Japanese artist Araki’s works.Huemn's collection had a fearless aesthetic appropriate to counter the dystopian world we live in. Reconstructed shirts, up-cycled denims and hooded jackets were some of the key pieces.Dhruv Kapoor showcased a collection that strives to break stereotypes with an interplay of relaxed fabric, interesting patchwork and motifs, and costume design.  Kavita Bhartia presented her line A Diary of Flowers at AIFW SS18 Day 4Feminine hues, floral motifs ad geometric patterns found their way in Kavita Bhartia's collection Madhu Jain presents her AIFW SS18 lineVeteran designer Madhu Jain's collection displays her strengths in th sphere of craft and textile revival. Fashion for a dystopian world in Huemn's Spring-Summer line for AIFW SS18Designers Pranav Misra and Shyma Shetty make a fashion and political statement with their eclectic line Dhruv Kapoor marries bling with fabric in a muted tone to stunning effect.Each outfit in the Dhruv Kapoor line for AIFW SS18 challenges stereotypes with eclectic pairing of various elements. Detailed skein motifs, and lush flowers inspired by Japanese artist, Araki, in Shivan and Narresh's AIFW SS18 line.Shivan and Narresh presented the Araki series for AIFW SS18. A model in a khadi outfit by Anju Modi.Anju Modi celebrated 25 years in the fashion industry with a Swadeshi collection in khadi. Payal Jain celebrated 25 years in fashion at AIFW SS18.Actor Vaani Kapoor was the striking showstopper for Payal Jain's line celebrating her 25 years in fashion. Vein by EKRU by Ekta and Ruchira. Ikebana by Bhanuni by Jyoti. Abhi Singh presents Barcode at AIFW SS18 Day 4. 													Day four of Amazon India Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2018 saw an abundance of clashing prints, all-white ensembles, dramatic hemlines and statement sleeves. Here’s a round up of the trends that is sure to get your attention: Shades of whiteMany shades of white were spotted on the runway. They offered a stark contrast to the multitude of prints and colours. From Madhu Jain, Kavita Bhartia to Abhi Singh and Ekta Jaipuria and Ruchira Kandhari paired white with white in their collections. If you’re not big on white-on-white, add a few loose fitted casual styles from Payal Jain, frilly and flirty skirts from Kavita Bhartia or a few traditional cotton kurtas from Madhu Jain to your wardrobe and mix and match it with other colours. Shirts under spaghetti strapsStylistas Kim Kardashian and Kendall and Kylie Jenner have been doing this for a while now and designers Dhruv Kapoor and Abhi Singh seemed to have got the drift. Models sashayed down the ramp wearing risqué spaghetti dresses and tank tops over shirts in different sizes and shapes. So ladies, it’s time to bring out your slinky dresses. Print on printThe runway saw an abundance of clashing patterns and prints, proving that this trend for the brave will be big in the upcoming season. While Shivan and Narresh had matching top and bottom sets with prints boasting of forest sights, Dhruv Kapoor matched ditsy florals with vintage prints. Exaggerated sleevesThis is one of the biggest trends for spring summer. And there are so many different types of statement sleeves to suit different types of arms. From billowy bell shaped, ultra long and oversized to ruffled, cinched at the wrist to exaggerated cuffs, there’s enough to last you more than one season. Asymmetrical hemlinesEverything isn’t straight and narrow for summers, designers played with geometry and courted the asymmetrical hemlines in myriad ways. Anju Modi brought the mullet back in fashion—her kurtas had hemlines that were short at the front and long in the back. Meanwhile, Kavita Bhartia, Dhruv Kapoor and Bhanuni by Jyoti experimented with the handkerchief hemline.																		Summery trenches, feminine florals, restrained monochromes and classic plaids, were trending on day 3 of Amazon India Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2018.  Lay the trenchesThe summer trench coat is going to be one wardrobe classic in the coming season. The classic trench coat was exquisitely upgraded with thread embroidery by Payal Pratap, deconstructed and made feminine with floral prints by Shruti Sancheti and kept sombre with single tones by Pallavi Dhyanee. Flower powerFloral prints are no longer a surprise for summer, but next season brings big blossoms in all kinds of styles as seen at Shruti Sancheti, Payal Pratap and Pallavi Singhee shows. Pratimaa Pandey, however, used it judiciously by decorating the hems and necklines with floral embroidery. Black and white worldMonochrome is one of the strongest trends this spring summer season. Designers Abraham & Thakore, Rajesh Pratap Singh and Medha Khosla of Anomaly championed the stark black and white contrast. The two shades were interpreted in abstract and clashing prints, stripes and panels. Get creative and work the trend by opting for block separates, a monochrome dress or a monochrome print.  Woven handloomsWoven handlooms are clearly the fabric of the future. With sustainable fashion topping the agenda of most designers, an urban sensitivity was introduced to the fabric. From clean, minimalist work wear to luxurious day and evening wear, handlooms found an easy expression in the spring summer lines of Anomaly, Rajesh Pratap Singh, Abraham and Thakore and Payal Pratap.  Plaid and simplePlaids had a major moment on the runaway of day 3. Checked patterns have been a winter favourite for long, but designers such as Payal Pratap, and Teresa Liasom and Utsav Pradhan of Munkee See and Munkee Do and Pallavi Dhyani gave it fun and colourful interpretation for spring. But Rajesh Pratap Singh decided to keep it staid by taking the conventional way for his shirts, jackets and trousers.																		The collections showcased on day 2 of Amazon India fashion Week SS/18 seemed to have comfort on the top of their priority list. From billowy silhouettes and wide-leg pants to utilitarian jumpsuits and bomber jackets, there was adequate inspiration for girl-next-door. The new bomberDesigner Aarti Vijay Gupta combined sports luxe with her signature quirky prints and easy anti-fit silhouettes. We spotted the printed and fitted bomber jacket, casually thrown over long tees, kurtas and dresses.  Wide-leg pantsRoomy trousers stood out as a dominant trend on the runway. The new, sometimes flared and at other times straight and sometimes with slits was worn with almost everything from shirts and kurtas to dresses. The baggy pants leave about enough room for your legs to not stick to the fabric in summer months. We liked the ones we saw on the runway at Ikai, Patine and Love Bird’s shows.   StripesThe predominant pattern at the Amazon India Fashion Week, this season was the ubiquitous stripes – big, bold, subtle, horizontal, and vertical and in all shapes and sizes. While Ragini Ahuja explored stripes in all its avatars from bold to zig zag, Love Birds and Aarti Vijay Gupta resorted to subtle versions. Billowy silhouettesThis one-size-fit-all trend comes as good news for all Indian women on the heavier side. It is evident from the ramp that designers paid enough attention to the fact that some women need more relaxed styles. Our top picks are the ant-fit dresses seen in Love Birds’s show, the jackets, kurtas and cropped tops in Ragini Ahuja’s collection and the loose, free-flowing tops and dresses from Rina Dhaka’s new line.  Reinvented jumpsuitsDesigner Ashish N Soni expressed his signature creativity in his spring summer line that also marked his 25th year in the industry. He gave the utilitarian jumpsuit an interesting spin by adding to it dramatic saree pallu drapes. This season, wear the reinvented jumpsuit to the formal evening parties and watch heads turn.																		Warm weather may be months away but comfortable, fuss-free clothes are always on our mind. Who doesn’t wish to get into easy-breezy outfits and hit the outdoors? To help you make sound fashion decisions, we have put together some runway trends from the ongoing Amazon India Fashion Week SS/18 that you can actually wear in real life. From exaggerated lines, metallic hints to bright candy colours, Day 1 had all the inspiration you need for your summer wardrobe. Take a look.Metallic hintsIt's always a good time to be experimental. A good way to add fun and excitement to your wardrobe is to introduce metallic hints to your outfits or accessories. Rimzim Dadu infused metallic hues in silver, gold and blue into her range of re-imagined saris, sculpted statement tops jackets and skater dresses. If you aren’t sure of metallic outfits, begin with accessories. A hint of metallic is sure to get you noticed. Sorbet coloursPassionate pastels or sorbet shades have been making quite a wave on international runways and they made a strong appearance in Anupama Dayal’s show. She used lilacs, lavender, melons and sunset hues on gossamer and light fabrics such as chiffons and Chanderis. A deviation from the pop and neon colours, these shades will add a breath of fresh air to your summer wardrobe. Shoulder obsessionFashion’s fascination with shoulders rages on. The off-shoulder trend manifested itself in Samant Chauhan’s Victorian gowns and Anupama Dayal’s playful jumpsuits. Rock the trend by adding your own clever twists to it--sport the silhouette on your top and pair it with skirts and pants or go the traditional way by teaming a sari with the top. Athleisure boomWearing workout gear as a part of your casual outfit is the new in thing. Nida Mahmood fused age-less Indian art from around the country onto sporty silhouettes to create an athlesiure range in collaboration with active lifestyle brand Deivee. There were cycling shorts, leggings and running saris strutting down the ramp. Oversized ruffle collarsRuffle collars bring to mind images of the erstwhile queens of England. The aristocratic ruffle collar made a comeback in the Indigofera collection by Schulen Fernandes for Wendell Rodricks. They added a sharp colour contrast and an element of intrigue to fluid silhouettes. Outfit topperJackets in varying lengths are the current flavour of the season and are expected to enjoy the exalted status in the next season too. While JJ Valaya used long jackets with streamlined silhouettes over traditional saris, anarkalis and lehenga cholis, the brand Aureole paired hand woven cropped jackets and shrugs with dresses for maximum impact in its show.					Day 4 had some stellar shows by ace designers Anju Modi and Rahul Mishra. From classic silhouettes to traditional embroideries and from understated elegance to new age detailing, there was no dearth of fashion inspiration. Here’s what reigned the ramp. Floral storyThe floral story this season is whimsical, elegant and rooted to tradition. Rahul Mishra used resham threads to recreate intricate floral motifs of the Mughal era and mixed them with geometric and abstract patterns, giving them a contemporary twist. Anju Modi too followed the historical route and brought alive floral patterns from Rajasthan. Perfectly imperfect hemlinesAnju Modi added a bohemian yet sophisticated touch to her ensembles by introducing uneven hemlines on her long kurtas. The quintessentially laid-back style lent a certain nonchalance to her classic designs. Single outSingle-hue styles are not only figure-flattering but also make you look taller, so we were happy to spot the monochrome trend in both Anju Modi and Rahul Mishra’s collections.High timeAt the Rahul Mishra show, models sashayed down the ramp in high slit column kurtas paired with flared trousers and lehengas. The waist high slits made the outfits look edgy, contemporary and regal—all at once.Velvet touchAs far as fabrics go, nothing looks as rich and sophisticated as velvet. And Anju Modi, a costume revivalist known for her opulent creations, used it as a canvas for her Kishangarh inspired art work in lehengas, kurtas and jackets. If you aren’t the kind to wear an entire velvet outfit, then throw in a dupatta or a jacket tor a chic, dignified look. From vintage embroideries, unusual colour palette to fringe and ruffle detailing, Day two and three of the India Couture Week, 2017, had ample inspiration for brides-to-be. We handpick a few must-have styles.  Black is the new redThe colour black made a strong appearance on the runway. We saw it in Tarun Tahiliani’s sarees and floor length anarkalis and in Manav Gangwani’s ensembles too. This colour is here to stay for sure. Straight from the shoulder The focus on the shoulders, continues in this season too. Be it single, off or cold shoulders, designers Shyamal and Bhumika, Manav Gangwani and Reynu Taandon courted them with panache in their respective collections.Ruffle romanceThe quintessential European element—ruffles can be a part of Indian attires too proved designers Shyamal and Bhumika and Manav Gangwani. We loved the ruffles on blouses, gowns and saree edges.A long shotLong jackets provided a structured contrast to billowy lehengas in Reynu Taandon’s collection and added an edge of understated glamour to the classic silhouettes of Shyamal and Bhumika and Manav Gangwani.Fringe benefitsThis fun detailing can add drama and femininity to almost any look. So, we weren’t surprised when they found their way into Indian outfits. From paper shred fringes on blouses and lehenga hems at Tarun Tahiliani show to the fringe-finished sarees and dupattas in Manav Gangwani’s collection, they seemed to be ubiquitous. Day one of India Couture Week 2017 started off to a great start with ace couturiers Anamika Khanna and Rohit Bal showcasing their opulent collections. While Khanna chose to go the international way by putting up an installation of her collection "Happily Ever After" where buyers could touch and feel the clothes, Bal left no stone unturned in putting up a stunning show for his collection "Shahaan-e-Khaas". Here are a few trends that we rounded up for you. Capes take centre stageLast year cape blouses over lehengas made a strong appearance on the ramp. This year, Bal consolidates the purpose of a cape as an essential outerwear by layering it over blouses and lehengas and anarkalis.White is always rightMove over reds and maroons to make way for ivory, which was a dominant colour in both Khanna and Bal’s collections.Versatile separates rule the game Individuality and creativity will make your wedding ensemble stand out and this is what Khanna strongly believes in. Her collection had versatile statement pieces that the bride can mix and match to create a look to complement her mood and personality.The past aligns with the presentBoth Khanna and Bal brought alive the rich craft and heritage of India by reviving age-old zardozi metal and fine thread work on clothes with contemporary form and structure. Most of the pieces were deeply rooted in tradition yet had a global appeal.Sheer fun with fabricsKeeping in mind that the modern bride values comfort over customs, the designers experimented with lightweight sheer fabrics. Mom jeans: Swap these for a well-fitted pair of flared denims  Chokers: Say goodbye to this ’90s staple if you haven’t already   Cold shoulders and off-shoulders: It’s time to turn the spotlight somewhere else   Mirrored sunglasses: Enough of tripping over this  Fringes: They need to go, now!   Flower crowns: Leave them at Coachella please Crop tops: Yawn  Athleisure everything: Sports bras belong in the gym  Fur slippers: They don’t give us that fuzzy feeling anymore  Innerwear inspired outwear: Sorry Kendall  via GIPHY High fashion to you is all about layering  Every time you put on a fancy jacket…  You can never leave home without piling on those accessories and yes, you want to grow old to become Iris Apfel  You love your healthy share of bling   Lady Gaga is your style twin   Stacked bracelets and bangles were your thing even before they were A THING   Your reaction when someone says you’ve got too much going on  Your heart is stuck in the ’80s   You find clashing patterns oddly satisfying   Your squad totally gets your ‘more is more’ philosophy via GIPHY 													Girls have a love-hate relationship with heels. We start hating them the moment we put them on. But heels have their own advantages—they make us look taller, give shape to our legs and posterior and we instantly feel glamorous. However here are few problems that every girl understands when she is wearing heels for too long:You want to look like this And do this  But after a few minutes you end up doing this You wished you looked this sexy while doing everyday chores But instead, this is what happens When you go to a party looking all hot and sexy in the beginning, at then you walk back home like this You want to feel like a goddess when you are dancing But you end up getting to the dance floor like this And then your whole life falls apart when you see this. What kind of sorcery is this. Well, love it or hate it there’s no living without it.  As the growing popularity of cruise shows indicates, between Instagram-worthy beach escapes, destination weddings and glamping, resort fashion has indeed come a long way. Whether you’re reclining on sun loungers or cruising over gorgeous landscapes in a hot air balloon, there’s no excuse to look sloppy anymore, especially when you travel. While the island state of mind is just that—a state of mind—the allure of a glorious coverup, a feather-light kaftan or one of those hand-woven, basket totes is real, palpable and, suddenly, everywhere.  Spring/summer 2017 runways are proof that resortwear can go well beyond throw-on-and-go pieces. Take Miu Miu’s retro Italy-inspired collection, which comprise a line of ruched bikinis, patterned robe-style dresses and teensy twinsets, accompanied by embossed pool slides and appliqued swim caps. Miuccia Prada understands the value of a chic escape. “It’s a celebration of summer and its pleasures,” she mused during the post-show interview. Dolce & Gabbana also sought inspiration from the Italian tropics for its covered sundresses, bralets and miniskirts in fun prints (think pasta, seafood and gelato). The show venue even had a counter serving fresh tender coconut water and models strutted down the runway to the rhythms of the tarantella. Giorgio Armani presented a line of slouchy bloomers, sheer cover-ups and short suits, featuring painterly prints and tassels—just what we need for those soirées under the stars. The accessories followed suit; the flatforms at Prada and Chloé would make for stylish accoutrements on a holiday. For their spring/summer 2017 collection, Delhi-based designer duo Hemant and Nandita elevated holiday basics like swimsuits, shorts, crop tops and sarong-esque skirts using Victorian ruffles and vibrant print play. Nishka Lulla set out to reinvent the pantsuit, working with softer fabrics and delicate embellishments to transform it into a resort essential. Lulla says, “I used lightweight, everyday materials like cotton and tulle in relaxed comfy silhouettes, with frills and flounces thrown in for good measure.” Aparna Badlani, curator and co-owner of multi-designer boutique Atosa, Mumbai, has long recognised the potential of well-made resortwear. “At a point when destination weddings are such a huge phenomenon, the category is finally getting its due,” she says. If there’s one image that captures the exquisite charm of travel, it’s got to be that of actor and socialite Talitha Getty hanging out on the terrace of her Marrakech home, immortalised by photographer Patrick Lichfield in the late ’60s.  It even inspired Yves Saint Laurent to design a line of kaftans that he called Une Passion Marocaine. Designer and TV personality Nicole Richie, who has a perpetual vacation vibe about her, best embodies this spirit today. Her style reminiscent of LA’s boho-luxe aesthetic from the ’60s and the ’70s. Whether it’s through pictures of Taylor’s Swift’s glamorous squad chilling together on a yacht or Olivia Palermo and beau Johannes Huebl’s romantic romp in Greece, travel continues to fire our imagination and inform fashion in the most powerful ways.  Much like with eveningwear, building a bankable resortwear wardrobe takes work. “Start with the basics and build from there. Think kaftans, palazzos, shorts, day dresses and strappy sandals,” says Badlani. According to Lulla, the trick is to invest in lightweight, versatile separates that can be paired with other items from your wardrobe. “Take, for instance, bustiers that you can wear on the beach or with high-waisted bottoms for a night out,” she says. It’s always a good idea to mix luxe pieces with exotic finds from local boutiques and markets to create a look that is uniquely yours. Bon voyage!					via GIPHYYou may deny it now but, Aishwarya Rai-Bachchchan has to have been your woman crush atleast once in your lifetime. We’ve all celebrated when she won the Miss World title, swooned when she danced to ‘Nimbooda Nimbooda’, tracked every detail of her exclusive wedding affair and now totally adore her daughter, Aradhya Bachchan. She gave us #beautygoals, #closetgoals and now, #familygoals. As she celebrated her decade-long marriage with Abhishek Bachchan, we look back at 10 times when the actor made us fall in love with her style: Every time she made an appearance at the Cannes red carpet.via GIPHY When she played our very own desi Elizabeth Bennet in Bride and Prejudicevia GIPHY When she looked every bit perfect in her Bengali bride avatarvia GIPHY When we danced to her tunes in Umrao Jaanvia GIPHY The time when she looked like the queen she is in Jodhaa Akbarvia GIPHY Is there anything that she can do without looking perfect?via GIPHY The time when these two gave us #couples goals at Koffee with Karan.via GIPHY Everytime she owned talk shows with her quick wit and looked gorgeous doing thatvia GIPHY She nails every outfit she wears and we totally love her charm. Belated happy Anniversary! via GIPHY All our life, we have been taught that wearing a well-fitted bra can enhance your body shape, not make your breasts sag and in general, help you conquer the world (if you believe all those innerwear advertisements). But have you ever thought what the world would be like if you didn't have to wear one. For starters, it will let your breasts free—you won’t be constricted by two straps and the pesky hook that’s constantly poking your shoulders and back. We have listed a few more benefits of not wearing a bra everybody: The sense of freedomIt’s like going back home and removing your bra so that you can finally breathe—but now you don’t have to because well, WTH!via GIPHYOff-shoulder tops are totally your thing.You don’t have to worry about your bra strap showing anymore.via GIPHYPersonal comfort wins over other people’s stares.Well, why not! via GIPHYYou become an avid supporter of free the nipple momentGirl power!via GIPHYPlus you get to wear one less layer during summerAnd that’s just pure bliss.via GIPHY Siddhartha Tytler This season, Designer Siddhatha Tytler showcased his collection in dark mood inspired by the after-life. He used fabrics like velvet neoprene, lycra georgettes and techniques of metal hardware, laser cutting for his collection. He also collaborated with famous accessories designer Diego Montoya, who designed heavily embellished masks for the show.     Ashima Leena Designer Ashima Singh showcased her Charukesha collection at Amazon India Fashion Week. The collection was inspired by blue pottery and Shiva's jatadhari edifice that visually reflected in the collection. Overall, the collection was a mix of sculptured skirts, pashmina blouses, tribal gilets and asymmetric kurtas.     Anju Modi This year, the fashion week was all in support of 'Make in India' concept and designer Anju Modi showcased her Neelambar collection of India's textile heritage. The models were seen wearing Needledust juttisâ€”that were hand crafted in India. While, Dangal fame actress Sakshi Tanwar turned showstopper and added extra charm to the show.     Shivan & Narresh Swimwear designers, Shivan & Narresh redefined the legendary painter Egon Shciele's work at the show. Their collection was a celebration of his works featuring landscapes, riversides to contorted human figures.  ''Our designs have largely catered to day lifestyles and this season we moved to the more evening & opulent part of holidays & destination weddings. Hence, the details & surfaces became key to the collection,'' said Shivan Bhatiya in a statement.     Malini Ramani Designer, Malini Ramani showcased her collection Nomad which was bold and tribal. The collection was a mix of bohemian vibes with embroidered capes, block printed dresses, kaftans and saris.     Wendell Rodricks Schulen Fernandes, creative head for Wendell Rodricks showcased The Cubist Rose collection at AIFW. This is her second collection and this year, it celebrated the rose in a cubist avatar. It was in hues of reds, oranges, pinks and teal green, nude. The collection interpreted rose in various forms of layering, design techniques and flowing fabrics.      Alia Bhatt turned up the cute factor in this Garfield shirt dress for a recent outing. If you love her look as much as we do read on to know where you can find your favourite characters on the coolest clothes.      Only X Garfield Who doesn’t love the lasagna-loving, Monday-hating kitty, Garfield! Fast-fashion brand Only is paying tribute to the iconic character with its latest Girl & Paw collection. This limited-edition capsule features graphic tees, knee-cut sweats, PU pants, button-ups, shirt dresses and denim pinafores on the theme. We are already on the prowl for this one.    Hidesign X Beauty and the Beast  Just ahead of the release of this year’s most anticipated live-action film, Beauty and the Beast, Disney has collaborated with Hidesign to launch a limited edition range of bags and wallets. The much-loved characters appear as subtle patchwork on Hidesign’s sumptuously textured leather products. We love!     Max X Star Wars  The high-street brand brings alive the magic of Star Wars and its iconic characters with a cool, casual collection. Get set to sport Darth Vader, Stormtroopers, Master Yoda and others on your crop tops, long tees, sweatshirts and tank tops. These are just too cool for school. Abaya is an outer garment worn by Muslim women. It also called burqa in certain countries. This garment is a long robe or cloak, which covers the body except for head, feet, and hands. The traditional abayas are black in colour. But now, these abayas have now got a fashion makeover.    The women, who are style savvy women and love to boast the tradition and trend can try the updated versions. We got in touch with LimeRoad's fashion stylist, Rina S Walia to talk about the new styles:   1. Denim love The long denim abaya is the best for the all-denim look. This can be paired with printed or solid cotton head scarf for any easy outdoor look. Add a pop of colour, by carrying a neon sling bag.    2. Pick the Pleats Pleats are always going to be on trend. Try a black one with colourful pleats at the bottom. Complete the look with a pair of pumps and a black sling bag.     3. Pretty pastels Pastel shades have become the talk of the town. Try a beautiful pastel pink abaya as the go-to attire for days when you want to look effortlessly stylish.    4. Cape Craze Capes are totally ruling the ramps this season. Don't lag! Wear a cape abaya and tune up your feminine charm. It's perfect for summer day outs.     (Abaya images: Limeroad.com)  Gabriela Hearst: Gabriela Hearst is a true-blue Instagram success story. Her creation, the Nina bag, became an Instagram phenomenon after it was spotted with Buro247 founder Miroslava Duma. Follow her on Instagram to see her luxe line, her fashionable outings, and of course the covetable Nina bagPhotograph: www.instagram.com/gabrielahearst  Misha Nonoo: Misha Nonoo’s eponymous label is for the Insta-generation. She is the first runway designer to debut her spring/summer 2016 collection on Instagram instead of New York Fashion Week. Follow this designer on Instagram to get your daily dose of all things stylish.Photograph: www.instagram.com/mishanonoo  Victoria Beckham: This designer needs no introduction. With a whopping Instagram follower count of 14 million, her handle captures everything from her personal style to her adorable family and her beautiful line of luxe separates.Photograph: www.instagram.com/victoriabeckham   Rebecca Minkoff: The designer is known for her covetable line of accessories, shoes and bags. Her Instagram account gives a day-to-day update of her boho-chic handbags, glamourous accessories and cool street-style photographs. Photograph: www.instagram.com/rebeccaminkoff   Clare Waight Keller: Her Instagram account is the embodiment of the true Chloé girl—a free-sprited traveler with a generous sprinkling of romanticism. Follow her as she travels around the world and posts exclusive Chloé updates. Photograph: www.instagram.com/ clarewaightkeller From summer weddings to glorious soirees under the stars, our wardrobes are sorted thanks to these brand new collections.  The Udaipur Collection, Sabyasachi We can’t seem to get enough of the designer’s summer couture collection for 2017 that has just been launched exclusively on Instagram.  “Rajasthan has always been a very potent inspiration for the brand. Royal heritage, colours and crafts and the history of the land itself has fascinated me for the longest time,” says the designer about his latest line. The pastel lehengas and saris have been rendered in fine muslins, silks, organzas and khadi and feature exquisite zardozi, naqashi and tilla work as well as European flora and fauna prints. We’ve just got to get our hands on these regal beauties.   The Denim Collection, Masaba  We’ve been waiting for this line to be launched from the time we caught a glimpse of it on Sonam Kapoor about a month ago (remember the glorious denim sari?). The designer’s first denim line turns the idea of denim on the head by refashioning the ubiquitous fabric into relaxed jackets, button down skirts, feminine blouses, oversized trousers and saris decorated with playful polka dots and flashes of pink and silver foil.   Back to basics, Payal Khandwala  The designer celebrates five years of her eponymous label with the launch of her spring/summer collection featuring a rose motif at its centre. The collection comprises signature layered separates in linens, cottons and light silks in a refreshing palette of coffee, crimson, citrus, indigo, leaf green, black and white. The opening show of Lakme Fashion Week Summer Resort 2017 was hosted on an international cruise ship Costa neoClassica and it was a pleaser to many! Also, the grand opening show by Monisha Jaising wasn't disappointing at all. The showstopper - Sonakshi Sinha made a head-turning entry in a burst of orange. Sonakshi looked radiant in the one shoulder asymmetrical dress, which also had a dramatic trail. The collection is said to be inspired by the Arabian Sea. The clothes were a mix of billowing silhouettes, couture, and all the summer hues.    (All images: PTI) One of the most definitive trends for fall is the return of shine on the runways. As designers get nostalgic for the flamboyant ’80s, sequins go gangsta and shiny vinyl finds its way back into our closet. This season sparkle comes imbued with a street sensibility as the more-is-more mantra from our favourite decade clashes with athleisure’s fluid dynamism. Cue the season’s sharpest plissé skirts teamed with a pair of equally luxe sneakers. Designers drummed up a host of options that make an easy transition from the cubicle to the dance floor. We’re looking to Michael Kors’ slashed sequinned mini dresses and Phoebe Philo’s egg-shaped lurex pullovers at Céline for inspiration. “I like bare legs in winter; I like night for day. I like Alexa Chung mixing with Nan Kempner. It’s about the interesting mix,” said Kors in an interview post his show. At Kenzo, Humberto Leon and Carol Lim sent out a line of vinyl dresses and skirts, foil-print trousers and oversized metallic jackets. Isabel Marant flirted with vinyl too in retro styles, adding animal prints and plaid to the mix. “It really goes back to when I would sneak out, aged 15, to punk clubs like Le Palace and Les Bains Douches,” said the Parisian designer. Between Marc Jacobs’ subversive separates at NYFW and Rajesh Pratap Singh’s gilded army closer home, the message is loud and clear—street glamour is here to stay. Designer Sanchita Ajjampur’s futuristic mash of foil, mesh and paillettes, and Gaurav Jai Gupta’s street-style spin on metallic handlooms, further confirm the mood of the times. It’s evident that fashion is making no bones about its Ziggy Stardust-meets-Beyoncé philosophy, and the pop culture influencers are lapping it up. Historically, the first image that comes to mind in this category is that of  ’60s fashion icon and rocker Keith Richards’s then girlfriend Anita Pallenberg who took to the Cannes red carpet in a lurex jumper. Leave it to the Kardashian-Jenner clan to reinvent Pallenberg’s louche luxe uniform as they elevate street style basics like sweatshirts, lace-up boots and trackpants. Kendall Jenner even brought back the chainmail dress from the ’90s. Closer home Alia Bhatt is having a go with unexpected pairings like a camo shirt and a plissé skirt, offering us a fresh take on the trend.      Which brings us to the question of how to do it right. Archana Walavalkar, celebrity stylist and co-founder Stylecracker, says that styling is everything here. “It’s important to blend the look seamlessly, not letting the shiny piece acquire hero status at any point.” It’s a good idea to stock up on basics like hologram sweatshirts, sequinned numbered tees, slip dresses with a glamorous sheen, and metallic denims. If you’re shine-shy, begin with a statement accessory. Let the gleaming heels from Demna Gvasalia’s debut at Balenciaga or Fendi’s festive-edition gold totes give you some ideas. “Go casual with jeans and a tee teamed with embellished sandals. This is easier to pull off if you don’t quite dare to go all guns blazing,” says Ajjampur. Fine jewellery is also following suit by putting a casual spin to sparkle. Case in point: Nirav Modi’s Embrace range of diamond bangles, which stretch like a dream, offer a snug fit and are best worn with denims and a boyfriend shirt. The writing’s on the wall: Whatever your glittery vice may be, it’s time to wear it on your sleeve.   Wendell Rodricks is a man credited with many firsts. At a time when Indian fashion was all about opulence and grandeur, he introduced the idea of minimalism. He was one of the few Indian designers to bring eco-friendly textiles to the forefront and also pioneered resortwear in India. To commemorate his contributions to the fashion industry, Rodricks was awarded the Padma Shri title in 2014. While contemporaries are predictably passing on their legacies and labels to family members, the designer has entrusted it into the hands of young prodigy Schulen Fernandes. And he did it in his inimitable style, bang in the middle of the runway at his label's fall/winter showing at the 2016 Lakmé Fashion Week (LFW). In a fun, free-wheeling chat, Rodricks and Fernandes tell us about what's in store for the legendary label.Wendell, after holding the reins for 28 years, you've decided to hand them over to Schulen. Schulen, how did he break it to you and what was your reaction?Wendell Rodricks: I always wanted the label to go to somebody I trusted. Schulen came to me straight from college and she has been with me for four years. She had already started taking a lot of creative decisions for the label. For instance, last season we did the Indica Emporia presentation at LFW with vintage Indian garments. It was completely her vision and work from start to end. I wanted to slowly take the backseat with this label so that I could make time for my other passions. I felt the time was just right for her to take the label and fly with it.Schulen Fernandes: It obviously didn't happen out of the blue. The handover was always on the cards and it took two years of work laying the foundation. However, when the actual moment arrived, it was hard to believe. How are your roles divided in the new scheme of things?WR: I’d like to think of myself as a benevolent dictator (laughs). On a serious note, Schulen has complete freedom to realise her creative vision at the label now and I am happy to have her take over.SF: Wendell will obviously be the mentor. My work will now involve everything from conceptualising collections to actually bringing it to life. I am also excited about the business end of it and we have a competent team to help us on that front.Schulen, tell us a little bit about your debut collection, Trapezoid, for the Wendell Rodricks label presented at LFW. And, Wendell, what did you think of it?SF: I have always loved architecture and geometry. The trapezoid form has been used in architecture from ancient times and it is so versatile. We decided to explore it in fashion with this collection. We used a mix of structured shapes and fluid fabrics working with paper silks, chanderis and a lot of eco-friendly materials. WR: I was really surprised when Schulen came up with the idea. It is a form that I've seen in Inca and Aztec architecture and in our temple gopurams. The Indian woman's body which is narrow at the shoulders and wide at the hips also follows the trapezoid form. This was particularly relevant because for the first time we introduced a size chart specific to the Indian woman at LFW this season. I felt really proud watching the show. The biggest compliment to me and to Schulen was when people told us it (the collection) looked like Wendell Rodricks. When a new creative leader takes charge at a fashion house, change is afoot—what can we expect from the label?WR: I've always focussed on high-end fashion and have never been able to cater to the mid-range. I hope Schulen will be able to expand the reach of this label to more people the way my colleague Anita Dongre has done very successfully. I also want her to take risks with the label and be more experimental.SF: We will definitely retain the minimalistic language and eco-friendly DNA of the label as we move forward. I would like to introduce newer, younger silhouettes and experiment heavily with materials. What lies ahead for both of you? Wendell, do you miss being behind the wheel? Schulen, are you at all daunted?WR: I don’t miss being behind the wheel at all. I can finally dedicate time to things that I’ve been waiting to do. The work on the museum is underway (Rodricks is turning his Goa home into a space dedicated to Goan costumes). The dogs are taking it well but my three cats are giving me grief about the move! I would like to write a lot more. My next book Poskem is about Goa. I hope I’ll be able to turn it into a movie like Chetan Bhagat (laughs). I’d like to teach a lot more too.SF: I am excited about what lies ahead and loving every minute of my new job. Going forward we’ll be extending the brand to include luxury lifestyle segments too.Photographs: Gary Taylor, Vinay Javkar/Lakmé Fashion Week winter/festive 2016 Back when Julia Roberts wore them with a neon bodysuit and mussed curls in Pretty Woman, it was thought to be risqué. But at the moment, thigh-high boots are everywhere from red carpets to shopping sprees, and both our desi celebs and Hollywood stars are sporting them with equal aplomb. Feel like getting one for yourself but not sure about how to wear them? We spoke to stylists and designers and got you five different ways in which you can wear thigh-high boots and also look classy. With skinnies and shirts/tops: Like Sonam Kapoor is wearing here. The actress is seen in a pair of Maison Martin Margiela boots with a cape jacket from Rishta by Arjun Saluja and a long black top. This is the most obvious choice. If you tone down on accessories, you can pass off the look for a casual evening dinner. Or else, pair them with peasant tops and denims for a chic, cowboy vibe. “The boots go very well with skinny jeans. You can couple them with a great coat or jacket,” says designer Salim Asgarally. With a shirt dress: Katrina Kaif wore them with a monochrome striped shirt dress from McQ by Alexander McQueen. A pair of shorts, belts (to add some structure) and hair kept open gave her a breezy, casual look, keeping the focus on the boots. With LBDs: Like Molly King. She wore a tiny LBD with a plunging neckline and thigh-high boots at a bash. “Over-the-knee boots look really nice if you show some skin,” says stylist Aaditya Walia. This is the perfect party look. Go easy on the makeup though and add a sequinned clutch. With just a long tee: Deepika Padukone wore her thigh-high boots with a black ripped vest top from Deme by Gabriella and threw on a metallic silver jacket. You can convert this to a day look by wearing a more subtle jacket. With a trench: Like Kim Kardashian. She dressed in Balenciaga from head to toe at the Paris Fashion Week in a belted trench and a pair of bondage style leather boots. Wear it with a choker and add a cami inside if you are not comfortable with showing so much skin.Photographs: Instagram/Shaleen Nathani; Getty Images The biggest fashion extravaganza of the country entered its day 2 with great aplomb. Here's a look at some of the highlights of the day. Ashish N Soni: The designer looked back at the 25 glorious years he's spent in the industry at this year's AIFW. His collection focused on a subdued colour palette, with the collection predominantly in shades of black and white, the designer followed a largely monochrome look. Grey was also one of the key shades that featured in the collection. The cherry on the cake was polo player Samir Suhag, who stopped the show for the designer. Rajesh Pratap Singh:In sync with Ashish N Soni's collection, with whom he shared the stage, Rajesh Pratap Singh went the monochrome way using a lot of patterns like checks, polka dots and stripes in his asymmetrical collection. Anavila: Anavila brought the sari brigade back to the ramp and she did it so gracefully! White being the most predominant shade, clubbed with kolhapuris and stylish top blouses, the collection was one of the best showcased on Day 2 of AIFW. Virtues by Viral, Ashish and Vikrant: Singer Sona Mohapatra turned muse for the designer trio, as she sashayed down the ramp humming the lines of her biggest hits. Sona donned a bright orange layered pleated dress made of natural dye. Airport style has recently gained momentum, thanks to the growing paparazzi culture. Every celebrity has a distinctive travel style, but there’s a common love shared for the closet staple kurta. Instead of flexing their sartorial muscles in high-end, street-style brands, the leading ladies have chosen the simple kurta as their favourite. Of course, they amp it up with their Hermès Birkin and Gucci sunglasses, but the dainty kurta sets still takes the centre stage. While Deepika Padukone prefers her kurtas to be form-fitted in bright, jewel tones, Kareena Kapoor is a fan of over-sized kurtas in neutral shades. Scroll down for our edit of all the celebrity-approved kurtas you can incorporate in your travel style.  Kareena Kapoor Khan Setting unconventional fashion norms comes naturally to Kareena Kapoor Khan. Case in point, seen here in an olive-green kurta set, teamed with a leather jacket and a pair of trendy kicks, a look only she can pull.For another run to the airport, this time with her family, Kareena Kapoor Khan chose a mustard yellow kurta teamed with off-white flared pants, and tiny round sunglasses.  Deepika Padukone Deepika Padukone was recently seen at the airport in a fuchsia pink, embroidered kurta set by Lajjoo C. The actor styled her traditional ensemble with a pair of juttis and an ox-blood coloured bag.  Sara Ali Khan Sara Ali Khan’s choice of kurta set is an all-white ensemble with multi-coloured stripe detail. If a plain white kurta to the airport is too simple for you, try this upgraded version. Kangana Rananut A true advocate of all things classic, Kangana Rananut’s traditional style at the airport is understated and elegant. Pictured here in a muted beige, minimally embroidered kurta set, teamed with a nude bag and statement sunglasses.					Fall trends are officially making their way to your wardrobe! If you’re a fan of all things sassy, you’re going to love the idea of wearing your pantsuit with a bralette. Power suit, but make it sexy. Give your boardroom style a feminine touch by teaming it a dainty bralette, just like these leading actors did. While Katrina Kaif layered her embellished pantsuit on a delicate lace bra, Sonakshi Sinha and Jacqueline Fernandez opted for monotone pantsuits and bralette combinations. Putting their envy-inducing abs on display. Scroll down to find all the different ways in which the celebrities have styled their pantsuits with a sleek bralette. Bhumi PednekarBhumi Pednekar styled her shimmering, sequined suit with a barely-there embellished bra. Making a solid case for balanced opulent dressing. Ileana D’CruzIleana D’Cruz teamed her powder pink pantsuit with a textured bra, breaking the monotony of a plain old suit. Jacqueline FernandezJacqueline Fernandez chose a sunshine yellow suit and bralette, all in the same hue. Giving a lesson on how to work this trend in monotone. Sonakshi SinhaSonakshi Sinha gave her checkered suit a modern spin by layering it over a solid coloured bralette instead of a regular shirt.Sonakshi Sinha put her rock-solid abs on display in this over-sized, powder blue pantsuit, which she styled with a sports bra in a twin shade. Demonstrated the sporty-chic way of wearing the pantsuit with a bralette trend. Katrina KaifKatrina Kaif wore her silver, sequined pantsuit with a lacey bra, showcasing how to work two contrasting elements in the same ensemble.					Colour blocking is a versatile trend that is no longer restricted to just mixing two colours in an outfit. You can colour-block your look by teaming separates in two different hues or by teaming a singular-toned outfit with a contrasting coloured accessory or shoes. Bring out some bold hues and style them together like Alia Bhatt did; or break the monotony of solid black outfit with a dash of colour like Kareena Kapoor Khan. For those who aren’t a fan of busy prints and multiple elements, this trend is a perfect pick. Here’s our edit of all the celebrity-approved ways to flaunt the colour-block trend in style  Kareena Kapoor KhanEver thought two bright tones cannot work together? Take a cue from Kareena Kapoor Khan. The actor styled her aqua-blue bodysuit with a neon green, sequined, pencil skirt. Neutralising the look further with a pair of transparent, strappy heel.  Kriti SanonKriti Sanon effortlessly worked this form-fitting colour-blocked gown. She kept the rest of her look minimal with a pair of dainty, hoop earrings, and centre-parted hair.  Aditi Rao Hydari Aditi Rao Hydari demonstrated a distinctive of wearing the power suit. She opted for an ox-blood and burnt orange asymmetrical pantsuit, which she styled with a traditional choker.  Tara SutariTara Sutaria broke the monotony of her black and white outfit by teaming it with a bright neon skirt, another way of working the colour-block trend.  Athiya ShettyAthiya Shetty opted for a contrasting gown in lime green and beige, working two contradicting hues in the same outfit.  Alia BhattInstead of infusing multiple colours in the same outfit, Alia Bhatt chose contrasting separates in two bright hues, an innovative way of sporting the colour-block trend.					There are risqué trends, and then there is the cut-out dress trend. The peek-a-boo skin-show moment has an understated appeal to it. There are multiple ways in which you can wear the cut-out dress. The geometrical shape can be carved out from the centre, showing your toned midriff or from the sides and the back, accentuating your curves. Recently, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen in a lemon yellow, diamond-shaped, midriff cut-out dress by Dion Lee, at the trailer launch of her movie. The actor teamed the dress with a pair of strappy heels, dainty earrings and hexagon-shaped glasses. You can easily replicate this look at your next Sunday brunch with the girls. Scroll down to view all the celebrity-approved ways of wearing a cut-out dress.  Nushrat Bharucha Nushrat Bharucha styled this metallic, side cut-out dress by Rohit Gandhi and Rahul Khanna with a pair of high heels and pushed-back sleek hair. A party look you can easily imitate.  Janhvi KapoorJanhvi Kapoor raised the heat in this multiple cut-out, asymmetrical Basil Soda gown. The young actor complemented the ensemble with a pair of statement Sophie Webster heels and a stark red mouth. Pooja HegdePooja Hegde broke the solid colour monotony of this bright-coloured yellow dress with a pair of aqua-hued earrings. A smart styling hack you can incorporate in your next look.  Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor effortlessly worked the monochromatic, sequined, side cut-out dress by Prabal Gurung. The actor kept the rest of her look simple with a sleek ponytail, drop earrings and a hint of glitter on the lids. If less is more is your vibe, this look is tailor-made for you. Kiara AdvaniKiara Advani looked like a vision in this double textured, side cut-out dress. If you want to give the sequin and bright colour combination a rest, you can opt for this minimal-chic outfit by Prabal Gurung.					There is a nip in the air and the weather is finally getting pleasant. Although we do not get to enjoy the perks of a full-blown winter just yet, we can still relish the season with an upgraded wardrobe. A fail-safe trend you can bet on is the shirt dress, it’s cosy, comfortable and ultra-stylish. It’s basically a shirt sans the pants, but we’re not complaining.You can style it with a broad belt like Sonakshi Sinha, or wear it oversized like Malaika Arora. Layer it with a blazer and you’re boardroom ready, or team it with thigh-high boots for a night on the town. You can also make it your workwear staple like Meghan Markle who is an official fan of the buttoned-down shirt dress trend. We’ve rounded up a list of celebrity-approved shirt dress looks for you to take style inspiration from. Malaika AroraWant to achieve that laid-back, relaxed, chic look? Take cue from Malaika Arora who styled her oversized grey shirt with a pair of fiery red, ankle-length boots. Pooja HegdePooja Hegde upped her street-style game with this metallic blue, striped shirt, which she styled with a Gucci, belt bag and chained sunglasses. You can imitate this look if you want to give your basic shirt dress an upgrade. Sonam Kapoor AhujaSonam Kapoor Ahuja wore this black and white, Cover Story dress, designed by Karl Lagerfeld and teamed it with a pair of sleek, black boots. Demonstrating how to work this trend the old-school, classic way. Karisma KapoorIf the idea of wearing a plain shirt dress to work sounds mundane to you, layer it with a blazer and a pair of cool sneakers, just like Karisma Kapoor did. Shraddha KapoorInstead of digging deep in your closet to find that perfect party dress, borrow a formal shirt from your boyfriend, team it with a wide, waist-clenching belt and you have a winning look on your hands. Deepika PadukoneIf minimalism isn’t your thing and you’re all about those intricate details, opt for this long, form-flattering, knotted shirt dress by Rajesh Pratap. Ditch the jewellery, like Deepika Padukone, and allow the dress to take the centre stage. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon kept this day look fuss-free in an emerald green, shirt dress by Nupur Kanoi and styled it with a pair of closed-toe heels and geometrical earrings by Azotiique. Kriti KharbandaKriti Kharbanda was seen working the trend in this printed shirt dress and kept the rest of the look clean with just a high top-knot.   The most recurring sari during the festive season was the sequin laden six yards by Manish Malhotra, another innovative rendition of the classic silhouette by the couturier. The shimmer sari has become a go-to sartorial choice for almost every leading lady in Bollywood. The latest addition to the list is Bhumi Pednekar who opted for an off-white sequin sari, and teamed it with a dainty velvet blouse during her movie promotion. While Bhumi went for a classic-chic look, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen sporting a rose-pink sequin sari with a barely-there blouse. Kapoor Khan punctuated the risqué look with a layered diamond necklace and her signature makeup. Here’s our edit of all the versatile ways in which you can work this trend. Bhumi PednekarBhumi Pednekar is all about the less is more formula, seen here in an antique white, sequin sari and blouse, sans the jewellery. Tara Sutaria  The young and vivacious Tara Sutaria stepped out in a smoke grey, sequin sari and blouse combination for the recent Diwali festivities. To do justice to this all-embellished ensemble, Tara swapped heavy statement jewellery for a dainty layered necklace and complemented it with soft and peachy makeup. Natasha PoonawallaThe all-time advocate of all things extra, Natasha Poonawalla pulled all stops with this sage green sequin sari and styled it with an emerald green necklace, suitable for a Maharani. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon’s take on the trend was a little different from her contemporaries. She styled her shimmering sari with a strappy, backless blouse, chandelier earrings, deep smokey eyes and Mogra bearing low bun. Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor in a sequined black sari is a vision to behold. The actress paired her sari with a cutout blouse and kept the rest of her look minimal, keeping the entire focus on the traffic-stopping silhouette.  If you’re looking to elevate your festive wardrobe this season, take inspiration from these leading ladies who have opted for some unusual and gravity-defying blouse styles. From exaggerated shoulders to some risqué cuts with décolletage detail, these statement-making pieces are all you need. Traditional blouses are constantly being reinvented with a modern twist. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja kept it simple with a scarlet blouse, bearing an asymmetrical front opening. Sara Ali Khan opted for a sheer blouse with 3D floral applique. Want to step out of your comfort zone and experiment with your sartorial choices? Fret not, we’ve got you covered. Here’s our edit of all the styles in which you can interpret the unusual blouse trend. Ananya Pandayif you’re all about flaunting your curves, this barely-there, silver embellished blouse by Sabyasachi is perfect for you. Tara SutariaThis aqua blue, corset with an added rib cage detail by Papa don’t preach is the ideal fusion wear. Sara Ali KhanSara Ali Khan doesn’t play by the rule. Case in point – this all-black, power shouldered blouse with a 3D texture she was recently seen in. If you don’t like to keep it subtle, this Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla number is tailor-made for you. Shraddha KapoorShraddha Kapoor redefines elegance in this sage green, peplum blouse by Kresha Bajaj. Kriti SanonTrust Kriti Sanon to effortlessly work this metallic, hot pink, piece-of-art by Amit Aggarwal. Sonam Kapoor AhujaThis red, floral printed Vedika M blouse on Sonam Kapoor Ahuja may look simple to you from the front, but the back detail is where you get your money shot.Another day another Sonam Kapoor Ahuja outfit you bookmark for future reference. The actress styled this Tamil print sari by House of Masaba with an off-shouldered, balloon sleeved blouse. Priyanka Chopra JonasThe original desi girl raising the oomph factor in this printed Sabyasachi bralette, styled with a ruffled sari. Brownie points on keeping it subtle yet sensuous. Aditi Rao HydariKnown as the ethereal princess of Bollywood, Aditi Rao Hydari looked striking in this midnight-blue, semi-sheer, cut-out blouse by Falguni Shane Peacock. Katrina KaifIf there’s anybody who can work this plunging neckline, ruffle sleeved blouse by Manish Malhotra, it’s Katrina Kaif. Konkona SensharmaThe power-house actress has mastered the art of keeping it easy-chic. Seen here in a mandarin collared bubblegum pink blouse, paired with a smoke grey sari designed by Arjun Saluja. Jacqueline FernandezThe glamour goddess looked like a complete head turned in this rose pink, semi-sheer, ruffle sleeved blouse by Falguni Shane Peacock.																		Everything at the 72nd international Cannes film festival is making news since last 10 days, giving the fashion world its freshest lot to go gaga over. If you’re keeping an eye on all things trending, here are some of the latest looks from the French Riviera.   Bedazzling beautyAdriana Lima looks like a vision in this vivid violet haute couture. Teaming thigh-high slit with a halter neck style, and topping it up with matching earrings and lots and lots of shimmer, Lima’s style is on point!  Pink-a-tonLorena Rae features a sultry play of frills with just the right amount of shine in Rami Kadi. Raise a toast!Natasha Poly dressed in this Versace gown is elegance personified. Shades of Champaign meet subtle yet shiny makeup and a neat hairdo to perfect her look. If you forgot to notice it in Lima’s style, here’s another reason why you should go overboard when it comes to matching the outfit with your jewellery.  A cape escapeHuma Qureshi concluded her Cannes journey in Anamika Khanna, and we couldn’t have asked for a more gorgeous good bye!  Leather luxeNoel Capri goes bold and basic in a glossy, black Zuhair Murad couture.  Beaming ballerinaGet over little black dresses, red is taking over the season as Alina Baikova’s stuns in Zuhair Murad.  Roaring redDua Lipa is charming over the world with her songs as well as her unique sense of style. She lives up to our expectations as she steps in an extravagant ruffled red gown by Valentino. Asymmetrical cut, drop earrings, and glossy bun are some of the richest trends to take from this look.  Exquisite easeLipa keeps the drama going strong in a figure-hugging black silk dress. Her look wows with a dramatic heart choker that’s sure to rage this year!  Dress me daisyKendall Jenner blooms in a pink perfect dress!  Heaven’s harmonyEva Longoria redefines the modern-day angel in a glossy Alberta Ferretti gown.					Southern France gets lit as stars from all over the world flood the city to attend the 72nd Cannes Film Festival. We have hand-picked some of the most talked-about trends that won hearts on the second day of the event.  The classic red-n-goldAlessandra Ambrosio storms in a dramatic red gown, solidifying our love for thigh-high slits and knotted necklines.  Mermaid magicHina Khan’s Cannes debut is all things sparkle in a stunning silver gown by Ziad Nakad. Her look features the current rage of plunging neckline and peppy play of silver.  Flower powerElle Fanning takes a fresh spin on florals in a floaty dress, made more magical with a milkmaid braid.  Leather loveJulianne Moore comes dressed in a statement Louis Vuitton gown, throwing in just the right amount of leather luxe.  Pretty pastelsFrédérique Bel brings carefree pastel hues to the red carpet, and we’re in awe.  Team textureChris Lee make heads turn in Balmain suit with a strong take on texture.  Shine on shimmerAmber Heard oozes oodles of glam and glimmer, flaunting makeup by L’Oréal Paris. Formal-alleyMonia Chokri make basics look beguiling. Chic sleekSelena Gomez steal hearts in a gorgeous navy blue ensemble, donning a daring deep middle part.																		Step into summers with a fresh hair style to set the tone of the season right. Amp it up with a fresh colour hue, cut it short for a sassy touch-up, beat the heat with ponies and buns, or better still…feel the wind in your hair in style with an exaggerated side parting. Here’s how to take on the sunny spirit, this year:Cool colourWavy bobNaughty knotDeep side partOn-point pony Airport style has recently gained momentum, thanks to the growing paparazzi culture. Every celebrity has a distinctive travel style, but there’s a common love shared for the closet staple kurta. Instead of flexing their sartorial muscles in high-end, street-style brands, the leading ladies have chosen the simple kurta as their favourite. Of course, they amp it up with their Hermès Birkin and Gucci sunglasses, but the dainty kurta sets still takes the centre stage. While Deepika Padukone prefers her kurtas to be form-fitted in bright, jewel tones, Kareena Kapoor is a fan of over-sized kurtas in neutral shades. Scroll down for our edit of all the celebrity-approved kurtas you can incorporate in your travel style.  Kareena Kapoor Khan Setting unconventional fashion norms comes naturally to Kareena Kapoor Khan. Case in point, seen here in an olive-green kurta set, teamed with a leather jacket and a pair of trendy kicks, a look only she can pull.For another run to the airport, this time with her family, Kareena Kapoor Khan chose a mustard yellow kurta teamed with off-white flared pants, and tiny round sunglasses.  Deepika Padukone Deepika Padukone was recently seen at the airport in a fuchsia pink, embroidered kurta set by Lajjoo C. The actor styled her traditional ensemble with a pair of juttis and an ox-blood coloured bag.  Sara Ali Khan Sara Ali Khan’s choice of kurta set is an all-white ensemble with multi-coloured stripe detail. If a plain white kurta to the airport is too simple for you, try this upgraded version. Kangana Rananut A true advocate of all things classic, Kangana Rananut’s traditional style at the airport is understated and elegant. Pictured here in a muted beige, minimally embroidered kurta set, teamed with a nude bag and statement sunglasses.					Fall trends are officially making their way to your wardrobe! If you’re a fan of all things sassy, you’re going to love the idea of wearing your pantsuit with a bralette. Power suit, but make it sexy. Give your boardroom style a feminine touch by teaming it a dainty bralette, just like these leading actors did. While Katrina Kaif layered her embellished pantsuit on a delicate lace bra, Sonakshi Sinha and Jacqueline Fernandez opted for monotone pantsuits and bralette combinations. Putting their envy-inducing abs on display. Scroll down to find all the different ways in which the celebrities have styled their pantsuits with a sleek bralette. Bhumi PednekarBhumi Pednekar styled her shimmering, sequined suit with a barely-there embellished bra. Making a solid case for balanced opulent dressing. Ileana D’CruzIleana D’Cruz teamed her powder pink pantsuit with a textured bra, breaking the monotony of a plain old suit. Jacqueline FernandezJacqueline Fernandez chose a sunshine yellow suit and bralette, all in the same hue. Giving a lesson on how to work this trend in monotone. Sonakshi SinhaSonakshi Sinha gave her checkered suit a modern spin by layering it over a solid coloured bralette instead of a regular shirt.Sonakshi Sinha put her rock-solid abs on display in this over-sized, powder blue pantsuit, which she styled with a sports bra in a twin shade. Demonstrated the sporty-chic way of wearing the pantsuit with a bralette trend. Katrina KaifKatrina Kaif wore her silver, sequined pantsuit with a lacey bra, showcasing how to work two contrasting elements in the same ensemble.					Colour blocking is a versatile trend that is no longer restricted to just mixing two colours in an outfit. You can colour-block your look by teaming separates in two different hues or by teaming a singular-toned outfit with a contrasting coloured accessory or shoes. Bring out some bold hues and style them together like Alia Bhatt did; or break the monotony of solid black outfit with a dash of colour like Kareena Kapoor Khan. For those who aren’t a fan of busy prints and multiple elements, this trend is a perfect pick. Here’s our edit of all the celebrity-approved ways to flaunt the colour-block trend in style  Kareena Kapoor KhanEver thought two bright tones cannot work together? Take a cue from Kareena Kapoor Khan. The actor styled her aqua-blue bodysuit with a neon green, sequined, pencil skirt. Neutralising the look further with a pair of transparent, strappy heel.  Kriti SanonKriti Sanon effortlessly worked this form-fitting colour-blocked gown. She kept the rest of her look minimal with a pair of dainty, hoop earrings, and centre-parted hair.  Aditi Rao Hydari Aditi Rao Hydari demonstrated a distinctive of wearing the power suit. She opted for an ox-blood and burnt orange asymmetrical pantsuit, which she styled with a traditional choker.  Tara SutariTara Sutaria broke the monotony of her black and white outfit by teaming it with a bright neon skirt, another way of working the colour-block trend.  Athiya ShettyAthiya Shetty opted for a contrasting gown in lime green and beige, working two contradicting hues in the same outfit.  Alia BhattInstead of infusing multiple colours in the same outfit, Alia Bhatt chose contrasting separates in two bright hues, an innovative way of sporting the colour-block trend.					The sporty-chic dress trend is a cheat sheet for those who like to appear stylish without compromising on functionality. Sporty dresses don’t necessarily have to be made from active-wear material, all it needs to be is comfortable with an athletic feel to it. Sartorial expert Sonam Kapoor Ahuja wore a mustard yellow, pocketed dress, with stripe detail, teamed with a pair of funky dad-sneakers, adding to the sporty vibe. On the other hand, Ananya Panday demonstrated a different way of wearing the trend by opting for a crayon blue, wrap dress by Balenciaga and teamed it with a pair of strappy heels. Here’s our edit of all the different ways in which you can sport the trend.  Kriti SanonKriti Sanon styled her geometrically-patterned, hoodie-dress with a pair of white sneakers, showing you how to upgrade your travel style.  Kareena Kapoor Khan Kareena Kapoor Khan wore a beige and bottle green coloured, pocketed dress with centre zip detail. Giving the sporty dress trend an unusual spin.  Sonakshi SinhaSonakshi Sinha layered her royal blue, dual-slit, fitted dress with an oversized, monochrome, printed jacket, elevating the glamour quotient of the look. Vaani KapoorVaani Kapoor styled her neon short dress with a monotoned jacket, demonstrating a different way of working the sporty dress trend.  Sonam Kapoor AhujaThe actor gave her regular look a sporty upgrade by teaming her midnight blue, pleated dress with a bright red sweater from Bhaane’s latest collection. Sonam further dialled it up a notch by wearing statement silver jewellery with an athletic look.					There are risqué trends, and then there is the cut-out dress trend. The peek-a-boo skin-show moment has an understated appeal to it. There are multiple ways in which you can wear the cut-out dress. The geometrical shape can be carved out from the centre, showing your toned midriff or from the sides and the back, accentuating your curves. Recently, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen in a lemon yellow, diamond-shaped, midriff cut-out dress by Dion Lee, at the trailer launch of her movie. The actor teamed the dress with a pair of strappy heels, dainty earrings and hexagon-shaped glasses. You can easily replicate this look at your next Sunday brunch with the girls. Scroll down to view all the celebrity-approved ways of wearing a cut-out dress.  Nushrat Bharucha Nushrat Bharucha styled this metallic, side cut-out dress by Rohit Gandhi and Rahul Khanna with a pair of high heels and pushed-back sleek hair. A party look you can easily imitate.  Janhvi KapoorJanhvi Kapoor raised the heat in this multiple cut-out, asymmetrical Basil Soda gown. The young actor complemented the ensemble with a pair of statement Sophie Webster heels and a stark red mouth. Pooja HegdePooja Hegde broke the solid colour monotony of this bright-coloured yellow dress with a pair of aqua-hued earrings. A smart styling hack you can incorporate in your next look.  Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor effortlessly worked the monochromatic, sequined, side cut-out dress by Prabal Gurung. The actor kept the rest of her look simple with a sleek ponytail, drop earrings and a hint of glitter on the lids. If less is more is your vibe, this look is tailor-made for you. Kiara AdvaniKiara Advani looked like a vision in this double textured, side cut-out dress. If you want to give the sequin and bright colour combination a rest, you can opt for this minimal-chic outfit by Prabal Gurung.					The big, puffy tulle gowns, with a Carrie Bradshaw stamp of approval, are having a major moment in fashion right now. With the recent resurgence of maximalism, celebrities are pulling all the stops with these candy-floss resembling couture gowns.Deepika Padukone has championed the art of wearing the voluminous gowns and has demonstrated different ways to work it on the red carpet. She recently wore a ballet-pink and black, off-shouldered tulle gown by Giambattista Valli at the closing ceremony of a film festival. The actor kept the rest of her look minimal with dainty jewellery and dewy makeup. Contradicting her classic-chic look, was Malaika Arora, who stepped out looking like a fiery goddess in an asymmetrical, scarlet gown by the same designer. She elevated her look with layered pearl necklaces, shimmering eyelids and a stark red mouth. Here’s a round-up of all the different ways in which celebrities have demonstrated this trend. Deepika PadukoneDeepika Padukone’s love affair with fluffy, capacious gowns goes way back. The actor decoded this tried-and-tested formula on the Cannes runway two years ago and has showcased multiple ways of wearing the large couture ensembles ever since. Priyanka Chopra JonasPriyanka Chopra Jonas made her Cannes red carpet debut this year. For one of her appearances with her husband Nick Jonas, she opted for a pristine white, multi-layered, Georges Hobeika gown. Chopra Jonas punctuated her look with a dainty diamond necklace, pulled back sleek hair and her signature warm-toned makeup. Sonam Kapoor AhujaWhen it comes to defying the fashion norms, nobody does it quite like Sonam Kapoor Ahuja. The sartorial expert gave the big tulle gown trend her own spin in this raven black, pre-stitched, gown-sari by Shehlaa Khan, detailed with exaggerated sleeves. She dialled it up a notch by teaming it up with a veiled fascinator by Philip Treacy. Aishwarya Rai BachchanAishwarya Rai Bachchan took the red-carpet game to a whole another level with this extravagant, feather detailed, Ashi-studio tulle gown. The actor who is a regular at Cannes Film festival has upscaled the bar for her contemporaries. Sara Ali KhanShe may be new to the world of Bollywood but isn’t a rookie when it comes to fashion. Sara Ali Khan looked like a vision in this 3D dimensional, tulle gown by Gaurav Gupta for a recently held award function.					There is a nip in the air and the weather is finally getting pleasant. Although we do not get to enjoy the perks of a full-blown winter just yet, we can still relish the season with an upgraded wardrobe. A fail-safe trend you can bet on is the shirt dress, it’s cosy, comfortable and ultra-stylish. It’s basically a shirt sans the pants, but we’re not complaining.You can style it with a broad belt like Sonakshi Sinha, or wear it oversized like Malaika Arora. Layer it with a blazer and you’re boardroom ready, or team it with thigh-high boots for a night on the town. You can also make it your workwear staple like Meghan Markle who is an official fan of the buttoned-down shirt dress trend. We’ve rounded up a list of celebrity-approved shirt dress looks for you to take style inspiration from. Malaika AroraWant to achieve that laid-back, relaxed, chic look? Take cue from Malaika Arora who styled her oversized grey shirt with a pair of fiery red, ankle-length boots. Pooja HegdePooja Hegde upped her street-style game with this metallic blue, striped shirt, which she styled with a Gucci, belt bag and chained sunglasses. You can imitate this look if you want to give your basic shirt dress an upgrade. Sonam Kapoor AhujaSonam Kapoor Ahuja wore this black and white, Cover Story dress, designed by Karl Lagerfeld and teamed it with a pair of sleek, black boots. Demonstrating how to work this trend the old-school, classic way. Karisma KapoorIf the idea of wearing a plain shirt dress to work sounds mundane to you, layer it with a blazer and a pair of cool sneakers, just like Karisma Kapoor did. Shraddha KapoorInstead of digging deep in your closet to find that perfect party dress, borrow a formal shirt from your boyfriend, team it with a wide, waist-clenching belt and you have a winning look on your hands. Deepika PadukoneIf minimalism isn’t your thing and you’re all about those intricate details, opt for this long, form-flattering, knotted shirt dress by Rajesh Pratap. Ditch the jewellery, like Deepika Padukone, and allow the dress to take the centre stage. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon kept this day look fuss-free in an emerald green, shirt dress by Nupur Kanoi and styled it with a pair of closed-toe heels and geometrical earrings by Azotiique. Kriti KharbandaKriti Kharbanda was seen working the trend in this printed shirt dress and kept the rest of the look clean with just a high top-knot.   The most recurring sari during the festive season was the sequin laden six yards by Manish Malhotra, another innovative rendition of the classic silhouette by the couturier. The shimmer sari has become a go-to sartorial choice for almost every leading lady in Bollywood. The latest addition to the list is Bhumi Pednekar who opted for an off-white sequin sari, and teamed it with a dainty velvet blouse during her movie promotion. While Bhumi went for a classic-chic look, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen sporting a rose-pink sequin sari with a barely-there blouse. Kapoor Khan punctuated the risqué look with a layered diamond necklace and her signature makeup. Here’s our edit of all the versatile ways in which you can work this trend. Bhumi PednekarBhumi Pednekar is all about the less is more formula, seen here in an antique white, sequin sari and blouse, sans the jewellery. Tara Sutaria  The young and vivacious Tara Sutaria stepped out in a smoke grey, sequin sari and blouse combination for the recent Diwali festivities. To do justice to this all-embellished ensemble, Tara swapped heavy statement jewellery for a dainty layered necklace and complemented it with soft and peachy makeup. Natasha PoonawallaThe all-time advocate of all things extra, Natasha Poonawalla pulled all stops with this sage green sequin sari and styled it with an emerald green necklace, suitable for a Maharani. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon’s take on the trend was a little different from her contemporaries. She styled her shimmering sari with a strappy, backless blouse, chandelier earrings, deep smokey eyes and Mogra bearing low bun. Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor in a sequined black sari is a vision to behold. The actress paired her sari with a cutout blouse and kept the rest of her look minimal, keeping the entire focus on the traffic-stopping silhouette.   Checkered pantsuits are having a major moment this season. The recent resurgence of this trend takes you back to school time nostalgia when plaid, tartan and checks dominated your closet. Fast forward to 2019, the checkered suits have now been given a glamorous makeover by the leading ladies of Bollywood. Anushka Sharma bowled everyone over with her boardroom-ready Gucci pantsuit, which she wore on a red carpet for an awards function. Deepika Padukone gave her checkered suit a retro twist, with flared trousers, overlapping jacket and pair of round glasses. Here’s a list of the most recent revivals of trend and how you can incorporate the same in your wardrobe. Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor wore the perfect outfit you need to juggle between work meetings and happy hour. If you want to do the same, opt for this berry-hued, checkered suit by Prabal Gurung and swap the shirt for a black cropped top. Kriti SanonAnother interesting take on the trend was showcased by Kriti Sanon, who wore a white Appapop checkered suit, with an innovative cuff detailed trouser at the airport. To nail the semi-casual look, she styled it with over-sized sunglasses and a pair of white kicks. Sobhita DhulipalaShobita Dhulipala demonstrated a cool new way of mixing and matching different types of checkered prints through her recent look at an awards function. Dhulipala layered the suit on a printed T-shirt and accessorised it with white pumps and cat-eye glasses. Priyanka Chopra JonasPriyanka Chopra Jonas kept it easy chic as she styled her grey checkered suit with a polo neck T-shirt and a pair of clear glasses. An elevated airport look, suitable for the globetrotter. Deepika PadukoneDeepika Padukone could easily pass off as a yesteryear actress in this sage green, checkered pantsuit. The actor further complemented her classic ensemble with round glasses, nude pumps and sleek centre-parted hair.   For some millennials, sari may not be the top thing on their festive wear list, as the idea of draping the six-yards and tripping in it is very real. Here’s the good news, the recent upgrade given to the meticulous silhouette has finally made it functional and gen-next friendly. Props to the modern-day designers for thinking beyond the archetypical version of a sari and serving us with innovative pre-stitched, layered and asymmetrical styles. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja gave it a yesteryear spin by teaming her sari with an open koti blouse, Shilpa Shetty-Kundra opted for a sari-gown, something you can effortlessly slip into. Here’s our edit of all the unconventional ways in which the leading ladies have worn a sari and so can you. Shilpa Shetty KundraShilpa Shetty Kundra flaunted her envious curves in a pink, ruffled sari by Riddhi Mehra and teamed it with a tube blouse, and a belt. A winning look for all those who have killer collar bones and don’t want to hide them under layers. No new sari? No problem. Pull an old sari out of your mother’s closet, drape it the classic way and layer it with a structured long jacket, just like Shilpa Shetty Kundra did with her Angadi heritage sari.  Katrina KaifKatrina Kaif knocked it out of the park with this pastel, belted sari and off-white jacket combination by Anamika Khanna. If you’re looking for an innovative construction with a lot of details, this ensemble is calling out to you. Chitrangda SinghChitrangda Singh raised the heat in this pre-stitched, metallic number by Amit Aggarwal. This is all you need if you’re planning to steal everyone’s thunder this Diwali. Sonam Kapoor AhujaSonam Kapoor Ahuja looked ethereal in this open-Koti, old-school sari by Sabyasachi. For those who are looking to go all retro-chic, you can thank us later. Amplify your cool-girl vibe in this pre-stitched, palazzo sari by Rheson, team it with a pair of combat boots and you’re officially ready to be the fashion rebel you always wanted to be. KajolThe power-house actress seen here in an asymmetrically draped, gold and off-white sari by Tarun Tahiliani. This statement-making look will push you out of your comfort zone and will help you up your sartorial game this Diwali.																		Festive spirit is all about spreading love and happiness. There’s no better time to tell your loved ones that you appreciate everything they do for you. Express your gratefulness with a thoughtful gift that they’ll enjoy and cherish. Here’s a gifting guide with plenty ideas for every woman who holds a special place in your heart. ELEGANCE PERSONIFIED Dainty rings by CaratLane BOHO BABEGlass Sutra’s handmade, bespoke, glass jewellery collection by Gappei PRETTY GIRL SWAGOn-trend sunnies by Vogue Eyewear  Hand-painted, vegan footwear collection by Designer Vedika Merh and CAI FUN AND FOODIE Araku Coffee & Svami’s Ready to Drink Ginger Ale ALL THINGS FANCY Luxury artisanal chocolates and paintings by Muse The Store  MADAME FASHIONISTA Contemporary kurtas by Raisin  Frill sarees by Limerick  MAKEUP MAVEN Mac gifting boxes NATURAL NICHE Forrest Essentials gift box Bellebox from Vanity Wagon					Festive season comes with the added pressure of looking presentable at every event. Besides impressing the long list of relatives and your secret office crush with your sartorial choices, you also need to get some Instagram-worthy shots for the grid. To make all your festive looks distinctive from one another, you need to strategically plan your wardrobe for all the different occasions you've sent an RSVP to.While you can wear a long and flowing Anarkali for a puja, you can dial it up a notch by opting for an elegant sari to the late-night card party. Keep it contemporary for the office party with an angarakha styled kurta, and bring out the big guns (voluminous lehenga) for the main soiree. Here’s our edit of all the celebrity-approved festive ensembles you can take inspiration from. Karisma KapoorBegin your festivities with a relaxed Anarkali in contrasting hues, and look as ethereal as Karisma Kapoor. Shilpa Shetty KundraShilpa Shetty Kundra seen here in a retro, polka-dotted sari teamed with a pussy-bow blouse, a classic look you should recreate for the glamorous card party. Shraddha KapoorShraddha Kapoor looked drop-dead gorgeous in this beige, intricately embroidered, Tarun Tahiliani sharara set. The perfect outfit for all the Diwali luncheons and day-time gatherings with family and friends. Tara SutariaIf you’re looking to make a statement at your office party without going OTT, this unconventional, angarakha dress with an asymmetrical cut is just the silhouette for you. You can give it an ethnic flavour by accessorising it with traditional jewellery, just like Tara Sutaria did. Ananya PandayIt’s the festival of lights, the only occasion where you can look like a disco ball and get away with it. Pull all the stops and go for the extravagant lehenga you were contemplating about. Ananya Panday opted for a gold, mirror work lehenga by Abu Jani-Sandeep Khosla and styled it with a halter neck blouse bearing exaggerated sleeve detail. Talk about going big or going home.					Planning your festive wardrobe can get exhausting and monotonous. While playing dress-up is fun, the idea of wearing heavy-duty lehengas and saris to each event can get taxing. Long nights of card parties, endless Diwali lunches and that office party you can’t miss – there’s a smart way of showing up to all these occasions without making it look repetitive. Ditch your traditional blouse for a crisp white shirt and pair it with a bright-coloured lehenga and a pair of statement earrings, a classic Karisma Kapoor move. Swap the voluminous skirt for a flared pair of palazzos, and team it with a cropped top, just like Sara Ali Khan did. Here’s our edit of all the unconventional ways in which you can spruce up your festive style. Alia BhattWho needs a blouse when you can perfectly work the printed Sabyasachi sari like Alia Bhatt. Add a pair of shoulder dusters and you’re good to go. Taapsee PannuDenim sari? Yes, please. Taapsee Pannu doesn’t abide by your conventional rule book, seen here in a denim sari paired with a collared blouse. A breezy look for all the fashion rebels.A hybrid silhouette between a sari and a pantsuit. Tapsee Pannu opted for this all-white ensemble by starch the label and made a strong case for androgynous dressing with a twist. Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor wore a straight-fit kurta, layered with a jacket both by Antar-Agni, and punctuated the look with a pair of white kicks. This one is for all the girls who live in their denim and sneakers, wanting to stick to the same formula even during the festive season. Sonakshi SinhaIf you’ve got abs, it's morally incorrect to keep them hidden. Sonakshi Sinha working her cool-girl spell as per usual in these culottes cropped top and patchwork jacket set by Anamika Khanna. Shilpa Shetty KundraShilpa Shetty Kundra flaunting her statuesque figure in this metallic sari-gown by Amit Aggarwal. If you’re looking for a form-flattering, modern silhouette, this is it. Sonam Kapoor AhujaAlways ahead of the curve, Sonam Kapoor Ahuja looked splendid in an off-white, plunging kurta and pant set, teamed with a blazer and a gold choker. Calling out all the risk-taker who can efficiently strut in in this décolletage neckline bearing ensemble. Sara Ali KhanThe next-gen Bollywood actress looked like a vision in a navy-blue copped top and flared palazzo set by Nupur Kanoi. If you’re looking for a blend of Indian and western sensibilities, this ensemble is perfect for you. Janhvi KapoorThe young and effervescent Janhvi Kapoor opted for a ruffled, cropped white shirt over her shimmering, powder blue lehenga by Abu Jani-Sandeep Khosla. An innovative trick to offset the look by keeping the bottom half heavy and upper half light.					 Dressing up for festivities is something that we all look forward to. Yes, we love Diwali and everything that comes with it. But wait. How exactly do you embrace the festive spirit at your workplace without going overboard? We are here to help you with your dilemma. Here is a list of some fun outfits that you can flaunt at your workplace without hassle. Pair with palazzos Palazzos are effortlessly stylish and comfortable. They are an undeniable fashion must-have. Pair them up with a stylish silk or georgette blouse with traditional prints. Add a chunky beaded ethnic necklace to complete your look. How about a long, elegant kurti to go along with a pair of flared palazzos? We love this look because it is sophisticated and oh-so-stunning. Go ahead and throw on some bangles to amp up the ethnic quotient. Now that we're talking about comfort, what are your thoughts on rocking a pair of smart and versatile cigarette pants with that long kurti? Easy on the eyes and tasteful, cigarette pants look good with almost every type of kurti! Fancy donning a long embroidered jacket along with your palazzos? These jackets will add extra definition and detail to your ensemble. Here's a quick example for you to nail this look. Pair a long white kurti with white palazzos and add a long, printed jacket over it. Throw on a pair of Kolhapuris for that extra oomph. Complete your ensemble by wearing a pair of stunning chandelier or drop earrings. Sari, not sorry!Timelessly beautiful, saris are something that Indian women love wearing. Fabrics like cotton, khadi, silk, and linen promise comfort and look extremely graceful. Similarly, chiffon saris are light and scream elegance. Stick to the pastel palette if you're not entirely comfortable with wearing bold colours to work. Add a cute little bindi and you will be good to go! Not comfortable wearing your regular sari blouse to the office? Worry not! How about a shirt blouse instead? Our Bollywood divas have been in love with this trend for quite some time now and we think it's time that you did too! Pair a crisp full-sleeved shirt blouse with a cotton or linen sari and voila! You have yourself a drop-dead gorgeous outfit that you can comfortably flaunt at your workplace. Cute and quirky peplum blouses are all the rage in town these days. Go ahead and try one out with your sari.  Twist to the originalsKurti dresses are pretty much like the 'LBD' of ethnic fashion; you must have at least one in your wardrobe! Angarakha and shirt-style kurtis make us swoon. Also, they look great with every body type! Wear a smart shirt with a printed long skirt… Who says skirts can't be worn with a buttoned shirt? This look has been all the rage in town this festive season. Pair a flared long skirt with a crisp, well-fitted shirt and get ready to make heads turn all day. Oh! Tasselled earrings work exceptionally well with this outfit. Back to the basicsHow can we not mention the quintessential ethnic work-fashion piece? Ladies, the quaint and angelic white Chikankari kurti can be your lifesaver during the festivities. Throw on a bright coloured dupatta over it for that happy burst of colour. Bandhani and Phulkari dupattas are our personal favourite! You can try on a statement neckpiece or a pair of oxidised jhumkas to go with it. Not feeling experimental? Stick to the classic anarkali. Ladies, you can never go wrong with this one. Opt for floor length and heavily flared anarkalis. The high raised A-line cut makes them look exquisite no matter the body type. How about going one step ahead with some mesmerising chaandbali earrings? You can also wear a nice front open anarkali kurti with your favourite pair of dark jeans. So there you have it! Your very own handy guide for flaunting ethnic wears at your workplace this Diwali! Text: Sanika Tamhane  Got too much to do with almost no time? Well, don’t worry as we have a look book of your next five days right here! Pick your favourite looks and shine on this Diwali. Femina puts together a variety of looks, ensuring that women of all ages get to look their best self this very Diwali. DAY ONE: DHANTERAS Raisin Option AStyle: We recommend an asymmetric kurta. A kurta is not only comfortable to wear but looks oh-so-chic, especially if there is a design element that adds to the look. The asymmetric style gives it an edgy look. If the neckline is low, then team it up with a chunky choker and mid-sized studs in the ear. If the neckline is high, leave the neck jewellery-less and wear chunky earrings. Add some bangles and finger rings and you're set.Makeup: Rosy glow makeup would look perfect with this. Apply subtle blush strokes that make your cheeks pop by adding a touch of extra blush along cheekbones, blending out toward your temples. Nude lips with defined eyes will complete the look. Punit BalanaOption BStyle: For the same vibe, but a different look, go for a layered dhoti pant teamed with a fitted top. The dhoti pant can be of a single colour and the top with it can be in a traditional print, or vice versa. The juxtaposition of plain and print makes for an interesting visual, and balances the look. Drape a long scarf around your neck, or tie it like a turban on your head to quirk it up. Round hoops at your ears and chunky bangles will complete the look.Makeup: To compliment this look we would suggest mauve accents as a preferred makeup looks. Mauve is one of those perfect shades for transitioning from warm weather to cooler temperatures because it feels more dramatic than summery shades. DAY TWO: NARKACHATRUDASHI Option AStyle: Try a sharara with a matching short kurta and dupatta. A monotone colour scheme looks subtle yet striking with the embellishments. Accessories with chaandbaalis and multiple bangles in contrasting colour.  Makeup: Highlight the eyes and the lashes with thick eyeliner and long lashes. Add faux lashes if needed. Keep the rest of the makeup nude, with just a gloss over the lips. MishruOption BStyle: Make your regular kurta stand out with an interesting bottom! Wear a slit pant that are not only comfort-plus, but take your look to the next level. To complete this look accessorise yourself with a silver oxidised choker along with matching jhumkas.Makeup:  Brighten up your face by the prominence of a highlighter unlike contouring, which has slowly but surely been disappearing from our radar, whereas highlighting has consistently been a great route for emphasizing points of your face where the light hits. Just a touch on your Cupid's bow, cheekbones, and brow arches give your skin a naturally gorgeous finish. DAY THREE: LAXMI POOJA Abu Jani Sandeep KhoslaOption AStyle: This is a day of giving ode to the goddess of wealth, Laxmi. As gold is worshipped on this day, it is apt that you wear that colour too. Wear a monotone gold sari with an embellished border. The blouse can be in a design of your choice. Ensure you wear bold earrings. The neckpiece and bangles can be as blouse design too. A maangtika won’t look amiss. Makeup: To complement the sari, you should go with matt gold eyeshadow with brown smudged eyeliner giving a smoky gold look. Neutral brown lip shade is the only other makeup you need. Anita DongreOption BStyle: A traditional sari never goes amiss! Opt for a Banarasi silk sari with rich metallic embellishments on the borders and the pallu. The blouse design can be as per your choice. Keep the jewellery traditional too. Kundan neck piece and earrings with coloured bangles and a kundan cuff is what will look best.Makeup: To enhance the overall look, keep your makeup subtle. Just put on thin wings on the eyes and nude lips with contoured cheeks. DAY FOUR: PADVA Tarun TahilianiOption AStyle: A cream coloured mid-thigh length dress-like kurta worn over flared pallazos make for an uber-chic style that will have you looking oh-so-stylish this day. If you don’t mind to show off that pristine clear skin, have a deep V neck, but if not, opt for this in a smaller V neckline. With the deep V-neck, you can wear a bold choker in the neck and mid-sized studs in your ears. Makeup: To add just a little more glamour to this look, sport rich red lips. Use a nude or light brown coloured eye shadow and just highlight the eyes with crisp eyeliner. Arpita Mehta Option BStyle: A georgette or crepe sari with flounces on one side takes the traditional sari to a new level. Have the sari in a plain fabric or just a printed one. Have the blouse heavily embellished to add the festive touch to the look. Add a matching belt over the sari and pallu to add a glam quotient. Statement earrings and a cuff at the wrist with a statement ring on the other hand… that’s the only jewellery you need for this look.Makeup: Get your eyes to do all the talking. Using the same colour as on the outfit, have your eye liner coloured, bold and bright. Keep the rest of the makeup in complete nude. DAY FIVE: BHAIDOOJ House of MasabaOption AStyle: Give your style an edge with an off-shoulder dress that follows similar asymmetry at the hem too. Pair it with straight pants and you’re ready. Wear a multi-layered long neck piece with matching pair of earrings. A funky armlet on the side where the dress doesn’t have shoulder support and some layered bangles will look very chic.Makeup: For an edgy ensemble, you need edgy makeup too. Why not opt for multi-coloured eyeliners? Use two different colours for the line above and below the eyes. A little shimmer on the eyelids and fresh pink lips is all you need. Pooja ShroffOption BStyle: A boat-neck kurta that is asymettric at the hem is also an option you can choose. From below the waist to floor-length, the hemline is in an inverted U-shape, making for an interesting design detail. Wear it over draped pants and this look will make heads turn. Wear printed top with plain bottom or vice versa. Wear oxydised choker and cuffs at your wrist, and you’re set.Makeup: Go matte for this look. Brown matte lipstick with subtle smoky eyes and you’re ready to rock the look. - Inputs by Nondini Dhawan  													If the idea of stepping out in heavier-than-your-body-weight lehengas making you want to ditch those Diwali events, we’ve got some good news for you. If you’re not the kind of person who likes to go all OTT with your Diwali looks, the brocade trend is tailor-made for you. While it's traditional and looks opulent, brocade silhouettes are also light-weight and functional. It will help you dance the night away in comfort. Kareena Kapoor Khan and Tara Sutaria made the perfect case for this trend, by looking festive-ready in these brocade ensembles, without comprising on the glamour quotient. Here’s a list of celebrities who will convince you to invest in a brocade kurta, lehenga or Anarkali for all the upcoming soirees you’re planning to attend. Swara BhaskarSwara Bhaskar opted for this six-yards of beauty, and styled it with a pair of shoulder dusters, keeping it elegant and chic. Karisma KapoorThe undisputed queen of style, Karisma Kapoor paired her brocade skirt with a simple white shirt. A styling trick you can incorporate if you want a fusion look. Mrunal ThakurThe versatile actress opted for mustard, brocade sharara set, an ideal look for day-time pujas and Diwali lunches. Esha GuptaEsha Gupta chose a bright, neon kurta set and styled it with a pair of statement earrings, a look you can easily recreate for the next card party. Alia BhattAlia Bhatt perfectly balanced her fiery red kurta and palazzo set with a pair of long, gold chandelier earring and a sleek bun. A classic look, one for the books.					Diwali , the festival of light, is a perfect celebration of all things bright. For those who love the style, Diwali gives them the right excuses to put their fashionable foot forward while the friends, family and loved ones come together to celebrate. If you're wondering about the Diwali fashion trends to follow, we've all the perfect compilation to strut in style for the glittering evenings.These Diwali fashion trends will also help you navigate the gifting dilemma for your girl gang and lovely women of your lives. This Diwali, you can channelize your inner diva as you get to exude exuberance, glitz and glamor in the stylish latest fashion from our perfect festive picks. Want to know which Diwali trends to pick that suit your innate style? Scroll below:Diwali Fashion Trends: Minimum Is MaximumThis Diwali, try your hands on some exhilarating minimalistic fashion . Minimalistic outfits are all the rage this season, and this Diwali, you can make the most of it. The basic principle of minimalistic fashion is to keep it simple. You can endorse a simple sari look, clubbed with natural makeup and light jewelry to mark the occasion. This Diwali fashion trend  will help you keep light and would make your celebration free of fuss. And whoever said, less is more, are obviously right. Try and find out! Tip:  You can use the art of layering to add charm to your minimalistic approach. Play up your look by mixing different textures. Diwali Fashion Trends: PalazzosPalazzos have made a distinct place in our hearts with their easy-breezy appeal and ultra-comfortable carryings. The best part about this Diwali fashion trend is that you can pair it with a crop top, tunic, kurta, Anarkali or even with a choli, and would eventually emerge out as the fashionista . Palazzos are also a top fave outfit style favored by celebs. Tip:  With a wide-legged palazzo pant , try long kurtas to add dimension to your outfit. If you're pairing it up with a tunic or long top, glam up with accessories like belts for add some definition to your look. This Diwali, show off some printed perfection Printed Maxi dresses are everybody's top favorite outfit, no matter the occasion. Come Diwali, try and pick some printed maxi dresses that match the festive appeal and accentuate your fashion game . You can go for an ethnic range, which is available in most brands or prefers something simplistic. Take cues from your favorite celebs and up your festive style game in printed maxi dresses .Tips: Don't go overboard by mixing too many different prints. However, if you're mixing patterns, don't blend more than two types of prints in your look. Go ethnic, this Diwali, with the veritable vestsWhether you are a lover of all things simple or adore a jazzed-up look, an ethnic vest, popularly known as Koti, can be the perfect pick this Diwali season. Pair it with your Anarkali, long kurta or a simple top, your festive fashion appeal would be unmatchable in this spunky Diwali fashion trend . Team it up with right accessories, and voila!Tip: Pay extra attention to the right fit. Vest, if not of the perfect fit, can break your look. This Diwali has a sequined affairThere can never be enough of sequins love possible in this world. A little bit of glitter can add the oomph to your look, making you the dazzling diva of every party. Sequins have been in vogue for quite some time. This Diwali, try on a sequined range of outfits at the glittering festivities . From sequined saris to skirts and even kurta, there's nothing that can't handle the sequin shine with elan. What would be your pick?Tips:  You look can be made much better if you add some bold colors to compliment sequins. With sequined outfits, chunky or clunky jewellery or excess accessories should be avoided. Ethnic pants are in vogue this DiwaliGone are the days when bottom wears cam with a limited range of varieties. This Diwali put your fashionable foot forward in ethnic pants. From intricately embroidered range to brocade and zari patterns, ethnic pants are all the rage this season. Pair them up with your fave kurta or crop top, the choice is all yours.Tips: Right fit is the right tip for ethnic pants fashion . Make sure the length of your kurta doesn't kill the charm of your pants. Crop top and lehenga - the perfect trend to pick this DiwaliEndorsed by all your fave celebs, crop top and lehenga combination tops our list of traditional yet spunky Diwali wear . With the accentuated oomph of the crop top and desi touch of the lehenga , this look is a sure-shot heart winner. Go plain or glittery, or printed or embroidered, there are more than one ways to rock this Diwali fashion trend. What would you choose?Tips:  Keep heavy jewellery at bay, if trying this fashion trend. It's best if you choose a simpler neckline for your crop top if you plan to wear jewelry , especially the heavy ones. Bring in comfort and fashion in dhoti salwarsDhoti salwar is a perfect blend of comfort, style and chic statement. Pair them up with a bold tank top or traditional kurtas, their appeal is undeniable. Be the head turner in this fancy, fashionable fad , this Diwali. To add more to your look, team it up with indo-western chic makeup and accessories and you're all set to rock the Diwali party this time.Tips: Do not wear a dupatta if you opt to team up your dhoti salwar with the jacket. Best to be paired with short kurta to show off the fun style. 'Cos c o-ords are in fashionAdd a twist of fusion to your festive wear with this Diwali fashion trend. Co-ords have been making a wave in the fashion scene for some time, and it's your turn to turn up the heat, this Diwali, in these new style trends .Tips: Try light jewelry and minimum accessories with this trendy look . Pay attention to the fit of your co-ord wear to avoid making it look slumpy. Bring on the desi Diwali swag in brocade This Diwali, move over the usual desi prints and try something quintessentially traditional. Brocades have been the crown jewel of the Indian textile landscape. Go for a brocade print sari or try this Diwali fashion trend in skirts or salwar-kameez. You can add the edginess to your look by going for deep-neck blouses and floral sari . Try brocade in silk or velvet to bring out its original charm.Tips:  Don't be afraid to mix and match patterned accessories with brocade. Just keep the same color family and vary the scale, and patterns, if you'd like.  Show off shararaWhy go for mundane skirt look when you can strut in style in a sharara? Ultra-comfy and edgy, this style has been the talk of the fashion town and also a celebrity-loved trend . Try long slits, sheer or mesh, there are multiple varieties of shararas to style for Diwali. Tips:  The best way to flaunt your sharara look is by teaming it up with short Kurtis. Sari with jacket are all the rage, this DiwaliWhat can be a better way to sport a sari with a fun jacket, this Diwali! This fashion fad has been making waves for its boss-lady vibes. Last season, saris with capes were the IT thing, whereas, this year, it's uber-cool to pair a  sari with a jacket . A jacket on top of your sari can totally turn around your look. From traditionally dull, you can go on to become chic and smart in a sari with just one layer. Isn't this cool? Tips:  If you sari is heavily embellished, go for bold-hued jackets . Don't be afraid of mixing textures. Full of fashion and flare Dramatic blouse sleeves have been a head turning fashion trend . This festive season, try on flared sleeved blouses with your sari and add the much-needed spunk to your desi look . You can go for long or short variety and can also opt for deep back neck for additional appeal.Tips:  If you want your blouse to do the talking, try keeping your sari simple for the occasion. Go for heavy earrings and void neckpieces. Bangles would also not be needed with this fashion trend. Diwali Fashion Trends: FAQs 1. What to wear for Diwali Diwali is the time to celebrate with your family. It is also about celebrating our colorful traditions and vibrant culture. However, what you choose to wear should stem out from your idea of âÂÂâÂÂcomfort. If you're comfortable in salwar-kameer or sari or a pant-suit or shorts, you should totally rock it with all your confidence, and fashion and trends would follow! 2. Which dress code fits for the Diwali festival? Ideally, people generally prefer wearing traditional outfits like saris, lehengas and salwar-kameer. There are several other varieties of ethnic outfits from regional areas that can be totally your pick this Diwali. If you're celebrating the festival at home, you can go for something that gives you comfort and mobility as well as style. However, if you're spending this festive time outside the home, you can try new trends and styles like ethnic pants, dhoti salwar, among others. Our advice would be to blend comfort and fashion to have a great time. 3. Is it ok to wear a black color dress on Diwali? Several people in Indian people believe that black should not be picked up to wear on Diwali day. Independently, you can decide to wear the color that you want. But, the festive feeling is all about joy and celebration with your loved ones. It's best if you take advice from a family member to avoid hurting any sentiments on this auspicious day. Somewhere in a far-off land, Cher Wolowitz and Carrie Bradshaw are silently approving the comeback of the mini skirt. Full props to the millennial celebrity brigade in Bollywood for single-handedly bringing back the classic trend into our lives. Ananya Panday and Janhvi Kapoor have managed to sport the trend in versatile ways. Whether they’re hitting the red carpet, or flexing their off-duty style while enjoying a Sunday brunch at Bastian, the young actresses have decoded multiple ways of wearing the tiny silhouette. Here’s a list of different ways in which you can style the ‘it’ trend of the season. Ananya PandayUpdate your work wardrobe with this beige twin set by Ulyana Sergeenko, and put your game face on, just like Ananya Panday did.Copy this Clueless inspired look for a date or a luncheon with friends.  Tara SutariaThe next time you want to colour block your look with a pop of neon, take a hint from Tara Sutraria’s Topshop skirt styled with a black and white blouse.If you’re going for a fun and flirty look, Tara Sutaria’s soda orange, skirt and jacket set is perfect for you. Sara Ali KhanIf sporty-chic is your vibe, opt for this sleek black skirt, and cropped top from Puma. Style it with a pastel jacket and a pair of trendy kicks, like Sara Ali Khan.  Priyanka Chopra JonasLet’s just say Priyanka Chopra Jonas knocked it out of the park with this turquoise turtle neck and mohair skirt ensemble by Max Mara and so can you. Janhvi KapoorTrust Janhvi Kapoor to teach you a thing or two on how to smartly blend retro with metallic, while working the mini skirt trend. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon demonstrating her street style best in an electric blue, asymmetrical skirt and jacket set by Farah Sanjana. Deepika PadukoneDoesn’t matter if you don’t have endless legs like Deepika Padukone, you can still wear this slogan patched, denim skirt and jacket by Kanika Goyal and look like a complete stunner. Kiara AdvaniKiara Advani looked effervescent in this powder pink, semi-sheer blouse and skirt by Anushka Khanna. This look is tailor-made for your next all-girls trip in an exotic location.					If you’re looking to elevate your festive wardrobe this season, take inspiration from these leading ladies who have opted for some unusual and gravity-defying blouse styles. From exaggerated shoulders to some risqué cuts with décolletage detail, these statement-making pieces are all you need. Traditional blouses are constantly being reinvented with a modern twist. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja kept it simple with a scarlet blouse, bearing an asymmetrical front opening. Sara Ali Khan opted for a sheer blouse with 3D floral applique. Want to step out of your comfort zone and experiment with your sartorial choices? Fret not, we’ve got you covered. Here’s our edit of all the styles in which you can interpret the unusual blouse trend. Ananya Pandayif you’re all about flaunting your curves, this barely-there, silver embellished blouse by Sabyasachi is perfect for you. Tara SutariaThis aqua blue, corset with an added rib cage detail by Papa don’t preach is the ideal fusion wear. Sara Ali KhanSara Ali Khan doesn’t play by the rule. Case in point – this all-black, power shouldered blouse with a 3D texture she was recently seen in. If you don’t like to keep it subtle, this Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla number is tailor-made for you. Shraddha KapoorShraddha Kapoor redefines elegance in this sage green, peplum blouse by Kresha Bajaj. Kriti SanonTrust Kriti Sanon to effortlessly work this metallic, hot pink, piece-of-art by Amit Aggarwal. Sonam Kapoor AhujaThis red, floral printed Vedika M blouse on Sonam Kapoor Ahuja may look simple to you from the front, but the back detail is where you get your money shot.Another day another Sonam Kapoor Ahuja outfit you bookmark for future reference. The actress styled this Tamil print sari by House of Masaba with an off-shouldered, balloon sleeved blouse. Priyanka Chopra JonasThe original desi girl raising the oomph factor in this printed Sabyasachi bralette, styled with a ruffled sari. Brownie points on keeping it subtle yet sensuous. Aditi Rao HydariKnown as the ethereal princess of Bollywood, Aditi Rao Hydari looked striking in this midnight-blue, semi-sheer, cut-out blouse by Falguni Shane Peacock. Katrina KaifIf there’s anybody who can work this plunging neckline, ruffle sleeved blouse by Manish Malhotra, it’s Katrina Kaif. Konkona SensharmaThe power-house actress has mastered the art of keeping it easy-chic. Seen here in a mandarin collared bubblegum pink blouse, paired with a smoke grey sari designed by Arjun Saluja. Jacqueline FernandezThe glamour goddess looked like a complete head turned in this rose pink, semi-sheer, ruffle sleeved blouse by Falguni Shane Peacock.					Athleisure is slowly revolutionising as the streetwear in India. Credit the enthusiastic paparazzi culture for capturing your favourite celebrities as they step in and out of the city’s hottest workout spots. We bet, by now you know that Sara Ali Khan is a Pilate’s girl, Malika Arora swears by yoga and Alia Bhatt likes to do it all, because she can. If their rock-solid abs don’t motivate you to drop the packet of chips and hit the gym, their comfortable-chic range of tracksuits definitely will. From cropped hoodies, neon jackets, and colour-blocked bombers to racer-back sports bras, and graphic printed tank tops, there’s a plethora of options to pick from. Kareena Kapoor Khan has mastered the art of more is more, even when it comes to activewear, she likes to add a pop of colour or a shade of neon. Mira Rajput Kapoor, on the other hand, is often sighted in abstract printed, neutral coloured athleisure to the gym. Here’s our edit of all the celebrity-approved tracksuits you need to invest in.  Malaika Arora Style the animal print set with a solid coloured jacket, just like Malaika Arora did. Vaani Kapoor and Sophie ChoudryIf you’re not a fan of all thing matching, opt for a neutral coloured sports bra and legging combination and round it up with a cropped jacket like Vaani Kapoor. You can also use an element of colour from the rest of your clothing in your bomber, just like Sophie Choudry. Kriti Sanon Flaunt your toned midriff in a cropped red T-shirt and track like Kriti Sanon. Elevate your style quotient with this sage green, racer-back sports bra and yoga pants, pair it with a soda orange jacket for that additional burst of colour.  Kiara AdvaniIf understated sexy with a hint of femininity is your vibe, pick Kiara Ali Advani’s bubblegum pink tracksuit while catching your next red-eye.  Mira Rajput Kapoor Mira Rajput Kapoor’s printed tracksuit with a single coloured jacket is for those like to mix it up prints and patterns in their workout wardrobe.  Kareena Kapoor Khan Trust Kareena Kapoor Khan to make you want to revisit the neon trend, full points on getting it right by styling it on an all-black outfit.					The Chopra sisters have demonstrated an alternative way to wear the popular pantsuit. Priyanka Chopra Jonas stepped out in powder pink, satin pantsuit by label Munthe, for the inaugural NBA India Game. Chopra-Jonas opted for this loose-fitted, power suit in a pastel hue, ditching the dark-toned, form-flattering version she’s generally seen in. Parineeti Chopra’s choice of the satin suit will convince you to invest in one. The junior Chopra sister was first seen working the trend in a pearl white suit, from the Tommy Hilfiger and Zendaya collaboration. Not many moons later, the actress chose a similar outfit, this time a navy-blue number by H&M, rounded off the look with a Celine belt and a pair of closed-toe pumps. Look at all the latest additions to this statement-making trend. Priyanka Chopra Jonas The tangerine pantsuit makes the perfect case for easy-chic date-night dressing.  Parineeti ChopraThis off-white suit is a definite game-changer in relaxed power dressing.If you’re looking to shuffle between work and leisure on a Friday night, this H&M navy suit is all you need.  Katrina Kaif This periwinkle blue suit with a long jacket by Michelle Mason strikes the ultimate balance between semi-casual and formal. Shamita Shetty This House of CB, nude-pink suit is ideal for you if power dressing with a hint of glamour is your vibe.					Sonam Kapoor Ahuja, Priyanka Chopra Jonas, Anushka Sharma and Alia Bhatt will convince you to trade the heavy-weight ethnic silhouettes for these elegant printed saris this festive season. Just in time when you’re planning your wardrobe for all the upcoming Diwali parties, these leading ladies have served some serious sartorial inspiration for you. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja and Priyanka Chopra Jonas were seen sporting the trend during their movie promotions, Anushka Sharma was draped in the printed 6 yards for an award function. Here’s our edit of all the printed saris you need to bookmark for the upcoming festivities. Priyanka Chopra Jonas opted for this black, floral-printed sari by Sabyasachi and styled it with her signature sleeveless blouse. She looked like a complete head-turner when she stepped out for the promotion of her upcoming movie. During which, she rocked another printed number by the same label, this time in an off-white and red combination with a retro, polka dotted twist. If there’s a new trend on the horizon, Sonam Kapoor Ahuja is on the forefront of it. Recently, the actor wore a foliage green, micro-floral printed sari by Masaba Gupta and elevated the look with statement silver jewellery. Kapoor-Ahuja kept it easy-chic, something you can effortlessly recreate.  Anushka Sharma swears by the less in more formula, even when it comes to traditional looks, she likes to keep it minimal. Case in point, the mint-green, floral sari by Sabyasachi that she wore for an award function. Staying true to her aesthetic, she rounded off the look with statement shoulder dusters and a messy bun.  Planning the next event on your social calendar and wondering what to wear? Take cues from Kriti Sanon. The marsala hued, printed floral sari with ruffle detail by Arpita Mehta is perfect for all the upcoming Diwali Poojas as well as the late-night card parties.  Madhuri Dixit Nene epitomises grace like no other, and there’s nobody who defines timeless beauty like her. Every time she serves a look, you sit up and take notes. If bold and bright colours aren’t your style, you can opt for this pastel pink, printed organza sari by Jade like the beautiful actress did.					Though this chic phenomenon is not entirely new, its popularity among people is on a rise thanks to its flamboyant presence on social media platforms. If done right, this a la mode fashion can add that extra bit of oomph to your attire. Take a moment and reminisce about the days when we would send out anxious messages to our gang asking them about their outfits. What they were donning for the night? What if our outfits matched? The horror! These momentous precautions have a taken a back seat with changing times.  Matching outfits with your friend is no more a faux pas. Instead, it has become a raging and super fun trend that is here to stay! Twinning as a trend first emerged in South Korea’s K-pop culture. While coordinating your outfits completely is not an anomaly entirely, it can overpower the essence of your real personality and make you look, umm, a little too alike. But hey! We’ve got you covered. Have a look at these simple tips and tricks to ace the twinning game. Go ahead and make that winning statement with your fashion twin! One colour palette, multiple outfitsThis is a great way to flaunt the twin-win look without being too discernible. No worries even if you and bestie have different taste when it comes to styling your clothes. The main idea is to predominantly stay within the same colour palette and explore varied outfits. Think Gigi Hadid’s and Kendal Jenner’s iconic twin ensembles Match your fabricsHere’s an easy breezy example to help you get a better idea about this tip.  You can wear a chic eyelet white cotton dress with and your twin can throw on a white top having a similar eyelet detail. Dressing in tandem with your friend in this way leaves a lot of room for experimentation.  Top to bottom! Bottom to top!Interchanging the colours of your outfit with your BFF can be really fun. Fancy sporting a cute baby pink skirt with a pastel blue top? Your BFF, on the other hand, can rock a baby pink top with a pastel blue skirt. Think out of the boxWhat’s the first thing that comes to your mind when you think about twinning? Matching your garbs, right? While this is the most popular choice, there are some other subtle ways in which you can strut your way into the twin parade. How about getting matching phone covers? You are your fashion twin will be carrying around your phone pretty much everywhere. Bring out those accessories There are a myriad of ways in which you can elevate your twinning game without synchronizing your outfits from head to toe. Add a pair of matching oxidized tribal jhumkas to your ensemble for that subtle yet classy twinning look.  So there you have it! Your very own handy guide which will aid you in conquering this super-fun trend. Lastly, we would just want to remind you that twinning is not about replicating each other’s clothes. Don’t strive to look identical! It is one thing to twin your outfit with a person and another to look like their clone. Maintaining your identity is of crucial importance. Reflect on of your personal sense of style. Ensure that your individual personality shines through your matching outfit. A lot is shouldered by the details therein. The aim is not to look like identical twins. You want to alike but different. You can wear the same shirt but pair it up with different bottoms. Wear dresses with a similar length but different prints. Yes, twinning can be that effortless. In the recent times, we have seen the resurgence of power suits in all patterns and prints, but the one to recur on our Instagram feed time and again is the black power suit. Available in different cuts, silhouettes, and styles, these suits are the epitome of elegance and smartness, and can be styled in multiple ways. Some of the most striking pieces donned by Bollywood divas are listed below; have a look:Kareena Kapoor KhanThe one-sleeved suit by Nikhil Thampi definitely steals the limelight.Kangana RanautThis embellished two-piece by Nedret Taciroglu spells power all the way.Fatima Sana ShaikhTrying to find something that’d be perfect for a big office meeting? Look no further. This suit by Khanijo is all you need.Sonam Kapoor AhujaIf you’re someone who thinks bigger is better, then this one by Jacquemus is just the one for you.  Amyra DasturThese separates by Ashish N Soni will set you in your party mood.Shilpa Shetty KundraWhat’s an ideal outfit to wear in a soiree you ask? This is it; by Jacquemus.  Kalki KoechlinThis Armani power suit complemented with a white blouse is the ideal marriage (if that could be a thing) between sophistication and ease. Do you worry about your ugly arms (it's all in your head)? If yes, then puffy sleeves are perfect to hide them while simultaneously making a fashion statement. Kidding. You can wear this trend anyway since it’s one of the raging fads of 2019. From designers and celebrities to influencers and fashion enthusiasts, everyone is celebrating puffy sleeves. While some like Deepika Padukone prefer going all out, others such as Priyanka Chopra Jonas like it minimal yet loud. So, if you want to keep up with the trend, you can either style a top with the detailing with tapered trousers or make them the centre of your outfit by donning a dress with large puffy sleeves. Scroll down to know how some of our leading ladies have styled the trend:Priyanka Chopra JonasDeepika PadukoneSonam Kapoor AhujaAlia BhattAditi Rao HydariSonakshi SinhaMrunal Thakur Any dress that’s below the knee and above the ankle is called tea-length. These dresses that do not reveal much and yet do not hide everything, is a celeb favourite for various reasons. One being, it makes you look uber-classy and sophisticated, and second, it’s fuss-free since the hems fall above the ankle. We list seven celebrities who recently donned tea-length dresses for different occasions. Have a look and take cue from them to stay ahead of the curve:  Sonam Kapoor AhujaKriti SanonPriyanka Chopra JonasDiana PentyKiara AdvaniShilpa Shetty KundraSonakshi Sinha    As the athleisure trend finds more takers and people keep putting comfort first, one thing can be said for sure–sneakers are here to stay. But choosing sneakers doesn’t mean you have to compromise on style! Stay on-trend with this sneaker style guide detailing trends to watch out for. Go all-white like Deepika Padukone and Athiya Shetty.  Turn to chunky sneakers like Ananya Panday and Alia Bhatt.  There’s nothing quite like textured sneakers!  Tie-dye is a raging sneaker trend.   Fluorescent and neon sneakers are hot favourites too. While you probably love standing out from the crowd, make sure you’re not flaunting trends that many are forsaking for classics and functional pieces! Scroll through this fashion guide for what’s already out and what’s still in for this year.  Out: Zebra and cow prints In: Classics like leopard print and polka dots  Out: Mini sunglasses In: Oversized shades  Out: Overalls  In: Utility jumpsuits  													Out: Tiny handbags  In: Clutches and crossbody bags  Did you see American actor Zendaya at the Met Gala 2019 red carpet? She had a Cinderella moment, where the ‘fairy godfather’ flicked his wand, and the black and blue gown by Tommy Hilfiger lit up in blue! This was made possible with technology; the structure inside the dress was made up of metallic plates, LED lights, batteries and wire. At the same event, musician Janelle Monáe wore an exaggerated Christian Siriano balloon-hipped dress that had a motorised blinking eye on one breast! This too was an amalgamation of fashion and technology at its chicest! Katy Perry was one of the foremost though and had worn a LED dress at the Met Gala and during her tour in 2014. It’s not just the celebs that get to wear such high-tech ensembles, even daily wear is getting its fair share of technological advancement. Wrist-worn smart watches or bands have become common in recent years. But, according to a research carried out by UK-based Juniper Research, the trend is shifting to ‘connected clothing’, which is forecasted by them to become $1 billion industry in 2020! Here are some of such cool garments that you can choose from.Jacket phone: What if you could pick up calls, control music volume, and get directions by just taping or brushing the sleeves? Levi and Google have collaborated for a jacket that does just that! Digital yogi: If you’re learning yoga, and want to refine your poses and get them right, these yoga pants are just for you! Brand Nadi X has come up with the pants that sense when your yoga pose needs refining and uses haptic feedback to create small vibrations on the body part you need to adjust.Swimming in sun: We’re always worried about just how much sunscreen to apply when on the beach, wearing swimwear. Brand Neviano has come up with stylish swimsuits that have a water-proof a UV sensor that detects if the UV rays are high and if you need more sunscreen to be applied! Research is also being done on how else to incorporate technology into fashion in order to make our life easier. At Deakin University’s Institute for Frontier Materials, they’re looking into developing fibres that can store energy. They’re hoping to make garments that can be used to charge phones and other small devices. Imagine slipping your discharged phone into your pocket, and it comes out charged! Well, with more and more of our lives getting touched by technology, is this tech-forward fashion really a surprise? 													Animal printed or in fabrics like suede or PVC, thigh-high boots amp up the look of any outfit. You can either pair it with a dress, or shorts and a top to make you stand out anywhere you go. To know more ways of teaming the shoes with different garments, scroll down, as some of our leading ladies know exactly how to slay in ‘em: Sonam Kapoor AhujaAlia BhattPriyanka Chopra JonasManushi ChhillarBella HadidKim Kardashian WestKendall Jenner Headed out for a much-needed vacay? We’ve got you covered with an easy-breezy style lookbook. From keeping with the neon trend casually to sporting ubiquitous bold prints, here are few ensembles donned by celebs that make for perfect inspo for your holiday wardrobe.  Day-out LookAnushka Sharma’s casual chic look works perfectly for shopping or sightseeing while Tara Sutaria’s uber cool mini-skirt-and-sneaker combo is trendy to grab a bite or take a stroll to explore. Ananya Panday’s checkered co-ord ensemble is also a stylish option you’d want to include in your outfit checklist. Evening-out LookBold prints are in vogue right now and we recommend slipping into a flowy, romantic dress like Priyanka Chopra Jonas or Disha Patani for an evening out with your friends or family.HikingAlthough our girl PeeCee didn’t exactly head out to trek in this ensemble, a more casual version of this outfit will do. A pair of sturdy boots, crisp khaki shorts and a tee is perfect. You can swing the athleisure way too and slip into track pants and a cotton T-shirt with sneakers. BeachIf you’re travelling to tropical climes a swimsuit has got to be on your to-carry list! Opt for either a monokini or bikini like Disha or sport a cute crochet co-ord like Malaika Arora.BrunchWe LOVE a sharp neon outfit. It’s fresh, cool and lets your steal the limelight in all the right ways. If you’re feeling particularly bold try a casual two-piece like Malaika or don a no-fuss mini like Manushi Chhillar. Date NightBe it to the mountains or the beaches, if you’re travelling with bae, indulging in date-night is a must. You can never go wrong with the classic LBD like Lisa Haydon. If you’re looking for something slightly more casual, try a satin slip dress with gladiator flats like Manushi. You’re sorted! 													One of the jewellery trends that’s making waves among fashion enthusiasts and Bollywood divas alike is layering. Whether you opt for chunky pieces like Esha Gupta or keep it dainty like Sonam Kapoor Ahuja, (both, below) this style is sure to upgrade any look instantly. Take cue from our desi girls on how to style this fad: Sonam Kapoor AhujaPriyanka Chopra JonasDeepika PadukoneSonakshi SinhaShilpa Shetty KundraEsha GuptaSayani Gupta 													Traditional Indian jewellery is known to add a luxe quotient to outfits. However, these marvels of chunky gold, silver and kundan pieces are often limited to ethnic clothing. While pairing them with western wear can seem a little daunting, once you learn the art of flaunting your accessories right, there’s no looking back. Scroll through this look to get started! Sonam Kapoor Ahuja Aditi Rao Hydari Alia BhattSobhita DhulipalaMouni RoySanya Malhotra 													Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas’s wedding is taking over the internet, and we won’t be surprised if that spurs you to plan your own. Picking, rather crafting, the perfect dress for D-day is the most important part of all the preparations (second only to finding your perfect groom). The dress you choose should exude your persona, bring the best out of your features, and crazy complement the dazzling man standing next to you on the altar…there’s too much responsibility on it. We have put together a celeb-approved lookbook for your perusal, go gaga! Sophie TurnerPriyanka Chopra JonasKatrina KaifJacqueline FernandezKiera Knightley Sobhita Dhulipala 													Although sunglasses primarily have a job to protect our eyes from the harsh sun rays, fashion lovers have made them a style statement, and we aren’t complaining. From medium and teeny-weeny to larger-than-life frames, sunglasses have undergone several transformations over the years. Feline frames, a.k.a. cat-eye, rose to fame with Audrey Hepburn’s film, Breakfast at Tiffanys in 1961. Since then, it has graced the faces of several Hollywood and Bollywood celebrities time and again on various occasions. We curated a list of some of our leading ladies who have styled the trend really well. Check them out to up your fashion game: Alia BhattDeepika Padukone Priyanka Chopra Jonas Gigi Hadid Sonam Kapoor Ahuja Kaia Gerber Kangana Ranaut 													Prepping to bag that dream job? Get your formal game on point with AND's work wear collection. A solid resume, great qualifications, and sparkling wit are a definite must have to impress your interviewer. But, equally important is the first impression that you create within the initial few seconds of the meeting. Designer clothing brand—AND has a variety of looks you can sport to leave an impactful first impression.We put together a  no-fail shopping list from AND's range of office wear that spells all things business. Make a style statement with a classic black jump suit. AND recognises jumpsuits with a new-found place in its formal collection for a super chic semblance. Moreover, black is a safe, professional colour that looks flattering on all body types. When in doubt, wear black. If you’re interviewing with a more creative company, opt for this dress with orange and blue stripes. A perfect ensemble for the sassy fashionista who would like to stand out rather than fit in. This ruffled hem aqua dress makes for a great attire option for the corporate climber. Exude confidence while looking both formal and fashionable at the same time. It looks chic and feels so comfortable that you won’t have to worry about a thing. Looking to work at a financial firm or as an executive in a corporation, select neutral tones to give that professional look. Wear a well-fitted dress in a neutral shade to prove that you mean business. Pick this dress from AND that has bow detailing which is a hot trend on the red carpets. This chevron dress with blue stripes strikes the right balance between grace and glamour.  A refined look for the lady who carries many successes in the bag, ready for the next run.													For a more casual work environment, opt for florals to convey a relaxed vibe. A touch of delicate with glam galore... AND's play of prints presents soft pastels paired with an high-waisted trouser in a pop of colour. It's the perfect pick for girls who are marking their presence in the field of fashion.Your wardrobe speaks volumes about yourself. Don’t be afraid to show who you are in the workspace. To shop AND's collection, visit the site.  													While heels have always been spotted at parties and dates, it’s fancy flats that are replacing them on various occasions with its ‘comfort-first’ appeal. With detailings and pop colours becoming the highlight of an outfit, you can play around with different flats while wearing a monotone dress or separates. Here’s a list of Bollywood celebrities who have styled this newborn trend effortlessly: Sonam Kapoor Ahuja Kareena Kapoor KhanAnushka SharmaDia MirzaKriti SanonKiara AdvaniTaapsee Pannu Be it Priyanka Chopra Jonas or Sonam Kapoor Ahuja, all the leading ladies have one thing in common, they are in love with the trending colour of the season—orange. Whether you go head-to-toe in this bright hue like our desi girl or add a dash of it to your ensemble like Alia Bhatt, this shade can brighten anyone, any day. Here is a list of few other celebrities who have carried the shade effortlessly: Priyanka Chopra Jonas Sonam Kapoor Ahuja Alia Bhatt Kangana Ranaut Deepika Padukone Shilpa Shetty Kundra Ananya Panday    													From runways to streets, the maximalist trend of patchwork can be seen everywhere winning hearts of celebrities and fashion enthusiasts, alike. With mixing and matching taking centre-stage, we show you some celeb-approved ways of styling this fad to keep you ahead of the fashion game: Sonam Kapoor AhujaTaapsee PannuPooja HegdeBella HadidSwara BhaskarGigi HadidKarishma Tanna  Priyanka Chopra Jonas flaunted a shimmery asymmetrical dress at the Cannes Film Festival this year, and the trend took over the fashion world like wildfire. Wondering why? One has to give credit to its versatile make that blends flawlessly across cool and casual little dresses to chic evening gowns. What’s more, it adds a playful touch to the attire that evokes a sense of mystery. If you wish to get on this bandwagon, here’s how B-town is making the best of an uneven hemline. Kriti Sanon Malaika AroraLisa HaydonSonam Kapoor AhujaShruti HaasanBhumi Pednekar 													Bows have always been considered as a delicate addition to any outfit that enhances elegance, takes the sass a notch higher, and bestows more definition to the look. However, more often than not they are considered as an add-on than the most striking element of attire. Their sudden, stylish entry in the mainstream haute couture is making heads turn on the red carpet, and we find ourselves wondering… Is the bow trend switching towards the center of the stage? Decide for yourself:  													Casual chokers have been a much loved accessory, adding sass to street style since early 2000s. This year, the choker trend underwent a fashionable transformation making their way in the traditional game. These close-fitting necklaces have the potential of giving a striking definition to any outfit. Well that’s not it, this gorgeous piece of accessory also gives a well-sculpted look to the neck. Bollywood divas are going gaga over traditional chokers… Here’s how you can team your pick to ace the next ethnic look you sport: Go solo with a chunky choker.Don it with an off-shoulder style to make the necklace stand out.Team it with a plain blouse to amp up the drama. Wear it along with a long necklace for a royal touch. Pick one with coloured beads to match with your outfit.Pair it with matching statement earrings. Go for a gold and traditional version of the casual choker, as sleek as stylish. Wondering where to go choker shopping? Here’s something to get you started: Choker sets by Kashi JewellersChunky chokers by Gehna Jewellers 													Dainty chokers by Tanishq 													Everything at the 72nd international Cannes film festival is making news since last 10 days, giving the fashion world its freshest lot to go gaga over. If you’re keeping an eye on all things trending, here are some of the latest looks from the French Riviera.   Bedazzling beautyAdriana Lima looks like a vision in this vivid violet haute couture. Teaming thigh-high slit with a halter neck style, and topping it up with matching earrings and lots and lots of shimmer, Lima’s style is on point!  Pink-a-tonLorena Rae features a sultry play of frills with just the right amount of shine in Rami Kadi. Raise a toast!Natasha Poly dressed in this Versace gown is elegance personified. Shades of Champaign meet subtle yet shiny makeup and a neat hairdo to perfect her look. If you forgot to notice it in Lima’s style, here’s another reason why you should go overboard when it comes to matching the outfit with your jewellery.  A cape escapeHuma Qureshi concluded her Cannes journey in Anamika Khanna, and we couldn’t have asked for a more gorgeous good bye!  Leather luxeNoel Capri goes bold and basic in a glossy, black Zuhair Murad couture.  Beaming ballerinaGet over little black dresses, red is taking over the season as Alina Baikova’s stuns in Zuhair Murad.  Roaring redDua Lipa is charming over the world with her songs as well as her unique sense of style. She lives up to our expectations as she steps in an extravagant ruffled red gown by Valentino. Asymmetrical cut, drop earrings, and glossy bun are some of the richest trends to take from this look.  Exquisite easeLipa keeps the drama going strong in a figure-hugging black silk dress. Her look wows with a dramatic heart choker that’s sure to rage this year!  Dress me daisyKendall Jenner blooms in a pink perfect dress!  Heaven’s harmonyEva Longoria redefines the modern-day angel in a glossy Alberta Ferretti gown.					 Keeping up with Cannes 2019? See what’s trending at the 72nd Cannes Film Festival on Day 8:LUXE TUXSonam Kapoor Ahuja flaunts a custom Ralph And Russo couture tuxedo with Chopard jewellery. GIVE ME SOME SUNSHINEShe also turns heads in a bright yellow custom-made couture dress by Ashi Studio at the launch of the Garden of Kings collection by Chopard. BRIGHT FUTUREGiving a futuristic vibe, Diana Penty looks chic in this metallic dress with Kimono sleeves. CAPE OF STYLEHuma Qureshi looks chic in this sari-cape ensemble by Gaurav Gupta. SHARP AND SOFTAishwarya Rai Bachchan makes the juxtaposition of a strong and sharp jacket with a soft and flouncy skirt, looking oh-so chic! MONOCHROME MAGICElle Fanning flaunts the quintessential Dior look in an ensemble created by Dior creative director, Maria Grazia Chiuri. MEN IN BLACKLeonardo Di Caprio and Brad Pitt look suave in their black tuxedos. RED ALERTModel Winnie Harlow takes the red carpet in a red flounce asymmetric dress by Jean Paul Gaultier. 													Find out what’s trending at the 72nd Cannes Film Festival on Day 7:Angelic oomphAishwarya Rai Bachchan looks like a heaven-sent Goddess in a white ruffle gown by Ashi Studio. Fusing fine textures like feather and tulle, Aishwarya complements her look with dramatic, kohl-rimmed eyes and hair pulled back in a bun.  Denim diariesOnly Aishwarya can make denim look so dazzling! The actor makes us believe that if you layer your outfit right you are bound to make a statement. From denim-on-denim to bold printed blazers and pretty play of accessories, there’s nowhere you can’t don denims, Aishwarya confirms. All this with her signature bright red pout.  Free the frillThe fashionista finally made her Cannes 2019 appearance, and we are in awe! In her first look at the festival, Sonam Kapoor Ahuja steps in like a day dream dressed in a vivid Valentino gown, which features all things frill and fancy. The actor teamed this look with a dainty loose braid, amped with the addition of fresh flowers.  Paint me purpleThis has to be one of the best looks of the season! Sonam’s Elie Saab gown is the exemplary blend of smooth texture and the perfect fall of the fabric, made magical with a lustrous purple hue. What’s more? The trend of exaggerated bow keeps going strong.  Roar of royaltyWhile last week at Cannes has established that gold is the new black, this lavish ensemble by Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla solidifies the trend, and how! Sonam channels her inner maharani in this couture gown exuding some whimsical sari vibes. The actor is at the top of her traditional game with a striking choker that completes the look.  Sheer cheerRussian beauty Natalia Vodianova make heads turn in Versace. Her well-fitted sheer gown fuses soft with shine with a gorgeous spin of texture.																		Keeping up with the Cannes Film Festival 2019? Here’s what made news on Day 6:    A starry affairAishwarya Rai Bachchan sprinkles stardust in her golden mermaid gown by Jean-Louis Sabaji couture. She complements the look with a super sleek side part and subtle shades in makeup.  Fire on firePriyanka Chopra Jonas turns up the heat in an shimmery orange gown, bringing open back style back in the game.  A chain meshChopra keeps the metallic fervour going strong in a chic, wrap-around gown. She whips just the right amount of drama with a halter back style, paired perfectly with a plunging neckline and a high-low hemline.  Beauty boundAdèle Haenel gives the chain-me trend a stronger endorsement with a bold, gold statement neckpiece.  Bird of paradiseDiana Penty shines bright in a feathery yellow ensemble by Atelier Zuhra.  Vintage vibesPenty picks a dazzling beige ballroom gown and completes the look with a neat hairdo, flaunting retro waves.  A frill flingHuma Qureshi takes the dramatic, ruffle route in a metallic grey Gaurav Gupta gown. She uses play of accessory for a pop of colour.  Print perfectQureshi approves of the knotted neckline trend in Ralph Lauren. With basic bold prints, soft pink-hued makeup, and glossy wild waves—the actor has blended the look with utter perfection!					 The Princess Diaries  Priyanka Chopra Jonas looked like a dream in an elegant princess white tulle gown. Larger than lifeDiana Penty’s big bow stole all the attention. Flaunt themKangana Ranaut knows how to rock an off-shoulder blouse.  Keep it lightHuma Qureshi looks whimsical in a white column gown with feather detailing at the hems.  Sparkle up Hina Khan shimmers in a metallic off-shoulder, thigh-high slit gown.     Tulle queenDeepika Padukone was spotted wearing a high-low tiered tulle gown.  Pleat itPriyanka Chopra Jonas in a pleated jumpsuit.  One loveKangana Ranaut approves one-shoulder style. Comfort firstDiana Penty teams balloon sleeves top with a slit skirt.  Bling it onHuma Qureshi shimmers in a blazer-dress.  													Our favourite B-town divas are making heads turn at the Cannes Film Festival 2019! Here’s presenting some of the most-awaited looks of the season, coming to you straight from the Day 3 of the event.   Madame metalllicaPriyanka Chopra Jonas looks ravishing in a Roberto Cavalli ensemble. With Chopra’s stunning look, the trend of polished waves keep going strong at the red carpet. Beguiling basicsDeepika Padukone looks like a vision in a custom Dundas gown and brings back the classic black-n-white on the center-stage. And, didn’t we say the bow trend is going to be a ‘big’ rage this season!  Go gold!Kangana Ranaut stays true to her roots, flaunting a custom Falguni Shane Peacock corset with a Kanjeevaram sari by Madhurya. Kangana gives the traditional attire a striking twist by pairing it with gloves for a touch of romance.  Beauty with a causeBryce Dallas Howard makes sustainable fashion the latest fad by opting for a previously owned outfit.  Power suitsShailene Woodley wows in her boss lady look wearing Christian Dior haute couture.  Drops of dewBella Hadid aces the dewy makeup look, and we are in awe!  Lavender loveHina Khan continues to charm on Day 3 in Maison Armine Ohanyan. Do we see geometric textures making their way in our wardrobe?  Gleaming GoddessLadies, ‘tis time to sparkle! Julianne Moore stuns yet again in Givenchy, balancing it perfectly with a pastel cape. Eva Longoria dazzles in a Cristina Ottaviano statement piece.					Southern France gets lit as stars from all over the world flood the city to attend the 72nd Cannes Film Festival. We have hand-picked some of the most talked-about trends that won hearts on the second day of the event.  The classic red-n-goldAlessandra Ambrosio storms in a dramatic red gown, solidifying our love for thigh-high slits and knotted necklines.  Mermaid magicHina Khan’s Cannes debut is all things sparkle in a stunning silver gown by Ziad Nakad. Her look features the current rage of plunging neckline and peppy play of silver.  Flower powerElle Fanning takes a fresh spin on florals in a floaty dress, made more magical with a milkmaid braid.  Leather loveJulianne Moore comes dressed in a statement Louis Vuitton gown, throwing in just the right amount of leather luxe.  Pretty pastelsFrédérique Bel brings carefree pastel hues to the red carpet, and we’re in awe.  Team textureChris Lee make heads turn in Balmain suit with a strong take on texture.  Shine on shimmerAmber Heard oozes oodles of glam and glimmer, flaunting makeup by L’Oréal Paris. Formal-alleyMonia Chokri make basics look beguiling. Chic sleekSelena Gomez steal hearts in a gorgeous navy blue ensemble, donning a daring deep middle part.					  It’s that time of the year when May gives us a boost of all things glam and glitzy. The 72nd annual Cannes Film Festival got off with a spectacular start on the May 14, and is here for an exciting run till the 25th of this month. To help you keep up with everything that is trending at the red carpet, here’s whipping you a quick look book:  Haute high-slitEva Longoria Baston in Alberta Ferretti blush gown   Chic sheerJulianne Moore dressed in Dior  All-white aesthetics Alessandra Ambrosio flaunting Ralph & Russo Fearless fuchsia Izabel Goulart in a custom Etro gown  Sassy sleek updos Chloë Sevigny and Selena Gomez in Louis Vuitton Polished waves Romee Strijd wearing a lace gown by Etro  Stay tuned for more!																		Hustle is our daily dose of adrenaline, life is happening on the go, and comfort isn’t about leisuring in bed but launching towards new endeavours—we’re the millennials! To cater to the needs of our fast paced lives, here’s listing five new launches of 2019 that will help keep your athleisure game going as strong as stylish. Spykar GymJnsToday, there’s little time for anything, leave changing outfits thrice a day. This is why your favourite denim pants get a sassy makeover with GymJns. Spykar’s newest launch is everything you have been wishing for, think—great fit, comfy fabric, sporty style, and crazy stretchability. GymJns offer a four-way dynamic stretch in comparison to the two-way stretch of their regular variants, which make the switch from fun to fitness and leisure an effortless affair. In addition, it comes with the ease of quick drying for a completely hassle-free experience. All this with a cool and carefree semblance apt for fitness ethusiasts! Reebok PureMove BraAs they say, a good workout begins with the right wardrobe selection. To keep you fit and fabulous, Reebok is here to help you get the best out of your exercise session with PureMove Bra. Reebok’s sports bra offers a seamless fit with breathable perforations that feels like a second skin, so that you can move freely without any distraction. What’s more, you can make a statement with its unique colour collection—cold grey and bold teal.  Santoni SneakersWhoever said one needs to give up comfort for a striking style, didn’t hear about these Italian beauties. Santoni Sneakers team excellence of its ergonomic craft with utter elegance. Santoni’s handcrafted shoes are one of its kind, which adds to a sophisticated look. It’s ideal for professionals who are looking to incorporate athleisure in their work wear wardrobe.  Reebok x Gigi Hadid Clothing CollectionAnother exciting launch from the house of Reebok brings fashion and fitness together, and how! Bold, sporty, and uber-stylish, Reebok x Gigi Hadid clothing collection is an authentic representation of the model’s love for all things athletic. Chunky sneakers, uber-stylish track jackets, retro body suits…there’s a whole range waiting for you! Featuring vivid stripes, color-blocked patterns, and 90s-inspired designs, Gigi made sure to have her love of volleyball come through in each element of the collection.  Skechers D'LitesGoing gaga over the chunky sneaker trend? Skechers D'Lites collection is your playfield; go pick a pair that suits you the best! Skechers’ all-new range of sneakers showcases a wide range of dad-shoes that reiterates the 90s love for kicks, being offered in an interesting palette of bold, vivid colours.																		Are you letting conventions carve your style? This season, get more creative with your outfits! Instead of steering straight to the women’s section, why not explore the crazy potential of menswear to get more out of our wardrobe. Stepping away from trends won’t just feel like a breath of fresh air but will also make you stand out stylishly within your clan. Here’s how: Baggy jacketsWe’ve said it enough time that capes are taking over the season. From casual western to ethnic and formal wear, they can be seen everywhere. Pick an easy-fitting men’s jacket to take your breezy summer look a few notches higher. Basic teesLoose clothes are the way of the season. Swap your fitted T-shirt for a men’s tee that hangs loose and helps you beat the heat in style. You’ll be surprised with the range of cool graphics that the collection offers. Tuck the tee in to give your outfit a sultry definition.  													Blazers If you are building your boss lady wardrobe, opt for a blazer to complete your formal look. Picking ‘em from the men’s section offer a host of styling hacks. These blazers come with a longer length than their feminine counterparts, which pairs well with short dresses and pencil skirts. They fall comfortably and give even the most basic of outfits a sharp semblance. Wear it unbuttoned and with rolled up sleeves to feign the fit. Button down shirtsFound your preferred print in the men’s section? Take your pick without giving it a second thought. Give your men’s shirt a dainty finish by donning it with a haute high-waist skirt, throwing it over a slim-fitted tee, or better still, go for a tucked-in look with tight pants. Cool capsIf you feel hats and scarves are taming your wild spirit, set it free with caps.  													Power dressing is ruling office corridors as pants, blazers, and tailored suits take centre stage for working women. Six well-known designers show the explorable options:Nikhil ThampiCutting edge“I strongly recommend a blazer as it offers the perfect combination of formal and semi-formal for office-going women. A high-waist pencil skirt is a versatile option, and can be teamed with a variety of tops. You can also don well-fitted trousers, palazzos, and cigarette pants with different blouses for a smart look. Lastly, you can never go wrong with a crisp white or an oversized shirt.”Shruti SanchetiReality bites “With rapid globalisation and increased urbanisation, the average Indian woman is a working one and rubs shoulders with men. Wear outfits keeping cultural ethos, weather conditions, and your body type in mind. Easy-breezy silhouettes that are practical can be worn to work. Linen, chambray, rayon, and cotton are easy to maintain, so I suggest these fabrics. You can opt for neutral colour palettes and smart details, that will give a formal yet stylish spin to your ensemble.”Genes by Lecoanet HemantFuss free“Working women have always been muses for us. To ensure that empowerment shines through, combine clean lines and functionality with impactful details. We believe, mixing of textures and contrasting hues creates a powerful wardrobe. A sleek skirt or trousers in either beige or black are wardrobe essentials. Further, use belts and wallets to bring the look together for a perfect office ensemble.”Saaksha and KinniPrint party“Swap the classic white shirt and black trousers with a printed co-ordinate set. Instead of wearing a monotone pencil skirt, opt for an organza printed bottom, and pair it with a contrasting patterned blouse. You can also replace a plain black pantsuit with a bright-hued top and chequered trousers.Wearing bright prints will not only bring creativity to your work space, but also make the monotony of getting ready fun.” 													Overdoing trends can become ubiquitous and get boring. Only if you knew what a slight change in pattern or an addition of a bold accessory could do to your style, you would never have a dull day again. Here’s bringing you 5 creative ways to spice up your wardrobe this season: Sassy suits It’s no news that pant suits are a big rage in 2019. However, keeping in line with the formal effect, it’s being sported in basic colours and patterns. Make your executive look meet the shimmer trend, go glam with prints and patterns, or swap you pants with a long skirt. Tip: If you're going for shimmer, pick a stripe-patterned suit to strike the right balance.  Big beltsThis is an accessory that has the potential of amping any outfit almost intentionally. Give your dainty collection of slim belts a rest and go for a big, bold variant for striking definition. These belts will also give your outfit a well-fitted semblance.Tip: Stick to colours that can blend well with several outfits. For starters, think black, brown and beige.  Ruffle Formal wear is not the first thought that comes to the mind when we say ruffle. But that need not be the case. Swap that prim pencil skirt for a sassy ruffle skirt or go for haute ruffle sleeves, and give your office wardrobe a flirty twist.Tip: Opt for an office-apt, knee-length skirt and let the ruffle do the talking. You will be the new talk of town.  Plunging neckline B-town divas are going gaga over this trend, and why not! This fashionable tweak can amp an elegant look with a flirty twist. However, their red carpet appearances have made us believe that it’s limited only to the ballroom. It’s time to break out of this myth and sport a plunging neckline in a basic top for a brunch date, or a summer dress for a stroll in the beach. Go wild and pair a black statement piece with a white suit-pant, if you will!Tip: Don this neckline in a no-pattern basic colour to bring the best out of it.  Bow Why should boys have all the fun? Let’s release this fashion favourite from its gender-specific role and make it a part of our work wardrobe.Tip: Play with different delicate designs to add more personality to your outfit. Feminine is in!Go on, give it a go!					Winter is finally over, and we’re happy about the sunny days to be here again. You’ll be shedding those heavy jackets and coats and finally be able to show off the latest trends in fashion as you step out. Here’s looking at the trends this season that will have you turn heads. While the previous year was all sorts of the frivolous extravaganza, this year is more about practical functionality with a generous dollop of extra. Animal printsAnimal prints started making the rounds of runways sometime early last year and in filtered into our closets in full force by the end of the year. The predatory prints from the ’80s had made a massive comeback but with the much-needed makeover! The well-known prints are so much chic and oh so covetable now. What was once considered a bold statement for the wild-hearted is now being sported at ease by the shy too. Cheetah, leopard, snake, zebra, you name it and the print is available at your go-to an e-commerce site. Styling an animal print is a little tricky as you do not want to look like you belong to the circus! Steer clear of heavy fabrics like wools and velvets and opt for smooth and silky outfits such as silks and cotton. Start with a skinny leopard printed bodysuit and boyfriend jeans with boots and work your way up to a snakeskin evening gown with strappy black heels and minimalistic jewellery and you’re all set.  Utility dressingRemember days you were looked down upon for leaving your house in oversized sweats and cargo pants? Well, it turns out that you can proudly flaunt your baggy cargo pants and sneaks this year, all thanks to the utility dressing rage! Welcome to 2019 where function meets fashion in the form of unpolished practicality. It is nothing but practical, laid back and super comfortable clothing. 2019 has functionality written all over it. Imagine practical oversized clothing in muted tones. Combat trousers, chic overalls, trench coats, baggy sweats, sneakers are taking the fashion world with a storm and we aren’t complaining one bit. The key to nailing the perfect utility look is to style the pieces. If you haven’t experimented yet, start with styling functional clothing with tailored pieces. Start with layering an army jacket over a solid black jumpsuit or playsuit with black boots and move ahead. Also, you can jazz up your khaki trench coat with a red lip and a silk scarf for the perfect date look or can sport those ‘ugly’ trainers with a sleep skirt suit at work and be practical, comfortable and oh so chic at the same time. Win-win!  Cycling shortsCycling shorts are nothing new; in fact, Princess Diana regularly sported them with crew necks long ago. Fast forward to 2019, and they are easily the biggest trend of the year. They were unmissable on the runaways and have been marking territory in online and offline stores in abundance. And not, not just in the regular black spandex garment we’ve grown up with but jazzed up in pretty colours and prints and embroidery. It goes without saying that the humble piece of sportswear has graduated the fashion ladder by heaps and how. The garment that was once worn for physical activities is now being sported under blazers to the boardroom. And oh, it is Kim Kardashian approved too! Women all across the globe have taken a fancy for these bodycon shorts and are pairing it off with anything and everything. From boardrooms to date nights to soirees, these shorts are hard to miss. You too could dip your toes in the water by the pairing of a solid coloured one with a loose oversized tee for your regular coffee runs and upgrade by sporting metallic ones underneath blingy long blazers. It isn’t clear on if the trend is here to stay or not, but that doesn’t stop it from being everywhere at the moment! Oversized2019 revolves around the word oversized! From oversized unstructured jackets and t-shirts to oversized huge sunnies and hats, there’s no stopping really! (Yep, that means we would have to put away our skinny sunglasses from last season!) While last season was more sleek and minimal in terms of accessories, this season is all about exaggeration in terms of hats, belts, bags, etc. The tote bag has gotten a makeover and has blown out really big! Loud hair bands- studded, leather, satin etc too seem to have maximized. Sunglasses are big and bold with added adornments. Chunky jewellery in a more natural form rather than being polished would be a hit this year. Belts too are broad and oversized. 80’s fashionThe thumb rule of fashion is that each trend resurfaces after a few years. There are some that we can’t stand and some we welcome with open arms, like the 80’s fashion. The retro fashion has gotten a redo and we can’t wait to see it on the streets. Imagine belted high waist denim and power suits in neon (remember Priyanka Chopra?) and fringed mullets and big hair. Puffy sleeves, ruffles and shoulder pads are more fashionable than you thought. Although the style is more refined and structured than what it was before. Shoulder pads blazers mean business and are definitely not going anywhere for a long time. Ruffles trims tops and dress continue selling like hot cakes. Statement sleeves too are in the running. Expect to see a lot more of the 80’s fashion this year! Text by Ravina SachdevImages by Yogen Shah Some of the colour trends of the year, ruling the ramps and streets alike, are fiesta (red-orange), jester red, turmeric, living coral, pink peacock, pepper stem (yellow-green) and Aspen gold. While hues like Aspen gold and pink peacock became celebs’ favourite in no time, others too are making their way in style. We have a list of celebrities that have flaunted these raging colours in recent times with utmost flair. Have a look: FiestaAlia BhattMalaika Arora Jester RedSonakshi SinhaKalki TurmericKajal AggarwalShilpa Shetty Kundra Living CoralKiara AdvaniKarishma Tanna Pink PeacockFatima Sana ShaikhDiana Penty Pepper StemAthiya ShettySonam Kapoor Ahuja Aspen GoldMadhuri Dixit-NeneRicha Chadha   From age-old terminologies associated with them like mechanism to ‘cinch your waist’ or to give an ‘optical illusion’ to make your body look hourglass shaped, belts have evolved for good. Today, this add-on is not only used to hold your pants up but has also become a statement piece in an outfit. From Sonam Kapoor Ahuja’s ‘barely there’ to Deepika Padukone’s side-knotted belt, we’re talking of an accessory existing in multiple forms. Being aware of its quality to make an ensemble look uber stylish at once, our Bollywood divas are using and reusing them with different sets of separates and outfits. To know how our desi girls have adorned themselves with it, scroll down: Sonam Kapoor AhujaDeepika Padukone Alia Bhatt Fatima Sana Shaikh Katrina KaifPriyanka Chopra JonasShilpa Shetty KundraKalkiVidya BalanKriti Sanon Are you someone who likes to keep up with fashion trends? If yes, then this style will keep you company for a long time to come. We’re talking about animal prints (tiger, zebra, cow, leopard, snake). If you are a maximalist, go for a head-to-toe animal print look. If not, then add a dash of the pattern in the form of an accessory like a scarf, a pair of shoes, trendy sunglasses or a handbag. Being in a country that lives and breathes Bollywood, let’s dive in and have a look at some of our desi girls (and, boy) who have donned the print and carried it well: Priyanka Chopra JonasPeeCee’s snake printed shoes are offsetting the otherwise sophisticated look.  Sonam Kapoor AhujaTeaming a suit with a zebra printed blouse to maintain the balance between ‘work and play’ is the smartest combination you’ll find.  Ranveer SinghWhen our Gully Boy decides to go minimal (Yes, you read right) wearing only one garment with prints.  Kalki If Kalki’s look wasn’t cool enough, the head scarf just added the extra oomph.  Malaika AroraChic all the way! Karishma TannaGo wild like Karishma.  													Gone are the days when eyeglasses were considered unfashionable and boring. Today, there’s no smarter accessory to add to your look. They give a polished appearance that’s both sexy and strong. In fact, the trend is winning so many hearts that not only are they being donned with prescription lenses but also as no-power lenses, purely to make a fashion statement. All for the artsy effect! As we know, 2019 is about going bold and individualistic in your fashion choices. So, go for a fat frame, pick a sleek one in an oversized variant, or take the classic way. Catch on this spectacle rage with these celeb-inspired looks:OVERSIZED glasses clearly lead the list It’s never too modern for the RETRO-ROUND frames Ooomph up with an AVIATOR Sassy and sleek SEMI-RIMLESS framesBack to the BASICS 													Minimalist and sassy, the most appealing jewellery trend of the year spells all things quaint. While statement necklaces and chunky earrings are very much in play, they are limited to adorning occasional events. For an everyday appearance, more and more people are looking for accessories that are glamorous but subtle, and enhances the outfit instead of overpowering it. There’s more to it... The season is witnessing a thrust of natural and wild energy, and animal motifs are being donned everywhere from drop earrings to dainty rings. “Animal motifs like butterfly, peacock, fish etc. have always been an evergreen trend. They depict the beauty of nature and the vibrant shades of one’s personality. The beautiful colours of a butterfly, for instance, depicts particularly well in drop earrings and pendants. If you are buying fashion jewellery, match it right with your outfit to get an effortless quirky look with animal motifs.” Tells Pradnya Mhaske, the Head of Jewellery Design and Merchandising at CaratLane. Check out how the popular jewellery brands are living up to this trend: CaratLane CandereShazeKalki Fashion Malabar Gold and Diamonds  													You might have had a love-hate relationship with chokers, but they became fashionable 500 years ago and are still raging among fashion enthusiasts in their evolved forms. After gaining prominence in 1990, the tattoo choker returned to claim its spot again in 2015. Whereas, today, the velvet, lacy, beaded, chained, and pearled neckpieces are going strong and are constantly metamorphosing in terms of size and material. Not to be left behind, Bollywood actors are walking hand in hand with jewellery trends where ethnic chokers top the list. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja was spotted in a dainty choker adorned with pearls, Kareena Kapoor Khan went for a jadau neckpiece. To know how other B-town divas styled the ‘It’ trend of the season with different outfits, scroll down: Sonam Kapoor AhujaIn Amrapali. Kareena Kapoor KhanIn Anjali Bhimrajka. Deepika PadukoneIn Sabyasachi.  Alia BhattIn Sabyasachi.  Malaika Arora In Satyani Fine Jewels.  Pooja HegdeIn Anita Dongre. Shilpa Shetty KundraIn Rare Heritage.  Katrina KaifIn Tanishq.  Karisma KapoorIn Birdhichand Ghanshyamdas.  Kiara AdvaniIn Joolry.  Bipasha Basu Singh GroverIn Falguni Mehta.					 It’s time for all of us to make a resolution to not fall prey to body figure stereotyping and make it all about self-love. Not trying to hide behind frumpy clothes that do you no justice is one way to do that. Finding out and understanding your body type is something to be thankful for, however making it a stereotype is not. So all the apple body-shaped woman, pear body-shaped and also the full-sized hourglass body-shaped ladies, stop being used to the embarrassing yourself, rather start embracing yourself! With numerous brands breaking the beauty taboo with real-body campaigns and policies we celebrate every woman with perfection. If you are curvy, it is important to dress according to your size. Say goodbye to every oversized clothes and slide into the outfits with the right fit that will hide your problem areas and highlight the right angles of your frame. Styling from top to bottom can bring a vast change in your look. Have a look at some great style tips for real girls who felt too voluptuous to wear certain items, and we're here to blow those myths right out of the water. LINES AND SHAPES You need your first impression to be fab-worthy, and it is all about your lines and shapes that draw the eye. One great trick is to wear monochrome ensembles. This makes the viewer’s eye move up to down, or vice versa, forming one uninterrupted line, which makes you look tall and slim. If you’re looking to enhance those curves, then opt for a bodycon dress in the right fabric like jersey. You can also wear ensembles that have lines narrowing at the waist and spreading away at the bust and the hips. The lines can be in the form of a print, stitches, pleats, etc. A dress with a plunging V-neck and a cinched waist which then flairs out below, also gives the illusion of an hourglass figure.  THE RULE OF THE HEM Knowing where hems or borders should be on your body can help you lengthen the frame. A knee-length skirt, for example, should sit just right under the knee, never around the biggest part of the calf.  The hem of the jeans should be at the ankle, or (even better) an inch or two below. If you are not of average height, buy your clothes, specifically the bottoms from a retailer that gives you perfect length options. Well, hems can be tricky sometimes but the best thing is to not to have a clue about it and find a tailor with a good eye, trust them and learn as you go.  SAY 'NO' TO OVERSIZED CLOTHES Just beanpoles look great in larger than the average dress size! Don’t add volume to your body by wearing oversized dresses. Instead, pick the clothes that are body-skimming (not too tight) and show your curvy side. Say no to a giant t-shirt, but a maxi or kaftans that skim the curves and have some belt at the waist is cool. If you want an easy profile, or if you got your favourite graphic on a tee or tunic then pair it with tighter trousers or jeans and make it to your advantage. MIND THE SHOES It’s always a head-to-toe thing and what you put on your feet that matters. Pointy tips and low heels can make you look slim, whether you are pairing it with a skirt or a pair of pants. Try to find a shoe with a vamp the ends at the top of your toes, other than halfway around. Shoe styles with low vamps include ballet flats and pumps. High-vamp shoes include Mary Janes and loafers. WHAT NOW, ACCESSORIES? Long chains, not chokers are good to go, especially if you got classic apple shape and short neck. Your focus should be on creating long, unbroken lines along your body. No mood of jewellery? Grab a long scarf helps for the same effect. Layering your jewellery is another way of drawing the eye vertically. From choker to long chains, layer with a couple of them together. Even when wearing bangles and bracelets, stack them up.  VOTE FOR LAYERS Contrary to stereotypes, layering doesn’t necessarily add volume. Instead, it sometimes gives your body a definition. Wearing a tank top with a pretty cardigan instead of one-piece dress or T-shirt can help to underline your shape.  Ensure though that you don’t layer with bulky garments.  EMBRACE YOUR HIGH WAIST High-waisted pants are your companion. They help tuck in folds and fat and minimize muffin tops since they end at the slimmest part of the waist. Ensure they're long, finishing at the lower leg or underneath, following the rule of the hemline.  Dress to make yourself feel good, and you will make heads turn!  Text: Akruti Khandkar 													Step into summers with a fresh hair style to set the tone of the season right. Amp it up with a fresh colour hue, cut it short for a sassy touch-up, beat the heat with ponies and buns, or better still…feel the wind in your hair in style with an exaggerated side parting. Here’s how to take on the sunny spirit, this year:Cool colourWavy bobNaughty knotDeep side partOn-point pony 													One of the top fashion cities of the world, Paris, witnessed its annual fashion week (February 25 to March 5, 2019) recently. Manish Arora, Stella McCartney, Givenchy, among several other designers, showcased their latest collections with undeniable excellence. Some of the trends spotted at the fashion week of the French capital are listed below. Have a look and rework your wardrobe: BeltsDiorRahul MishraFrom Dior to Rahul Mishra, cinched waists remained a designer favourite. Broad shouldersMaison MargielaGivenchyJumping on the bandwagon of maximalist lovers are Maison Margiela and Givenchy. NeonManish AroraSaint Laurent One of the hottest trends of the '80s, neon is back for good. Studded outfitsBalmainFor that extra edge, don a studded outfit.  Flower powerStella McCartneyFeminine and stylish always include floral print.  See-throughValentinoOpt for a sheer dress for a bold and daring look.  Exaggerated silhouettesAlexander McQueenChoose exaggerated silhouettes to look larger than life. 													There’s only one occasion that’s more special than the ‘bride pride,’ and that’s the playful cadence of a bridesmaid. Why’s that, you ask? It is because you get the perks of that dressy, dreamy milieu without the collywobbles of a bridezilla. If you are priming up for your besties wedding, here’s what on the trends platter to help you customize your bridesmaid look for the season. DressWhile lehengas hold their place strongly in the wedding wardrobe, indo-western outfits are gaining crazy admiration in 2019. If you’re sticking with the former, you can give it a contemporary twist with an atypical colour like electric blue or switch up your outfit with a blazing print. Take a cue from these on-trend attires. Bright bold prints Stunning sharara dressesFantastic fusion  Hair From the ramp of Lakmé Fashion Week to the red carpet of Nykaa.com Femina Beauty Awards, 2019 is experiencing a fashion fever of all things wavy. Soft polished waves, mesmerizing messy tresses, and everything in between is winning over divas and here’s how you can don this hairdo too. Sexy side swept Soft textured wavesDressy messy ponies  Makeup This year, the makeup palette sees a move from the traditional red look to softer tones of the pink and brown family. Dramatic, kohled eyes nonetheless slip strongly into popular 2019-trends too. Soft pinkBrown and beigeThe classic wing  													Bollywood brides have been tweaking the traditional trousseau to add a personalised touch to their D-day look. Deepika Padukone brought the white-gown-veil to our red Indian wedding, Anushka Sharma introduced the pastel power, and Priyanka Chopra Jonas had a fresh take on the classic ruby rage. Taking a cue from these celebs, here’s a compilation of how modern brides will be quirking up their wedding wardrobe this year. The experimental bride  The contemporary traditional bride The pastel perfect bride The fun fusion bride  The colour queer bride   													Everything is grand and maximalist when it comes to Milan. This season too, we witnessed a range of trends and styling tips from one of the most celebrated fashion extravaganzas of today. Glam giants like Versace, Gucci and Armani gave a visual presentation of what ‘expression through fashion’ is all about. They are testimony to the fact that styling is an art and one of the most fundamental ways to present yourself to the world. Below are few glimpses of the fashion week to upgrade your MO: GucciAfter all-black everything, it’s head-to-toe red that will be talked about.  VersaceHave a quilted leather jacket in your wardrobe? Take it out and layer it with a turtleneck top to turn heads. Or, sparkle in a column dress adorned with chunky jewellery.  ArmaniDon velvet, taffeta and silk separates together next time for a striking look. Also, navy and black are cool to be teamed in conjunction.  EtroBring the vintage style back with a jacquard jacket or a bustier mini dress.  AtticoPink and red is the perfect mash-up for a ritzy look. Offset the clash with a third hue.  Tod’sBermuda shorts are back in the trend. Flaunt them everywhere you go.  Stella JeanChequered wrap trench coat is a synonym for high fashion today. Team it with a neutral turtleneck underneath to appear ramp-ready. Also, animal print is everywhere, unveil your wild side with it. United Colors of BenettonTake cues from UCB on how to rock the rainbow trend.					PastelsA perfect choice for an OOTD, these sweet-looking hues can be paired with almost anything in your wardrobe. With flirty silhouettes and romantic textures, you can mix and match your pastels with neutrals or with other pastels. FloralsUnleash your inner girl by wearing these pretty floral dresses. This trend gives a huge shoutout to the '80s era with the bold styles, shades and silhouettes. NeonNeon clothes aren’t just for the runway, they are immensely wearable even in your daily wardrobe! See below some of our favorite picks that are guaranteed to make your outfit stand out. Natural tonesEarthy tones, in contrast to vibrant neons, give off a more grounded vibe. If your style falls under the classic spectrum, then this trend is for you																		Other than giving an outfit a flirtatious spin, sheer is loved by celebrities and fashion enthusiasts for its feminine appeal. It not only adds grace to an ensemble, but is also an extremely light and comfortable fabric. Here is a list of some Bollywood divas who have embraced the sheer trend in saris, gowns, ethnic separates, and dresses. Check them out:Sonam Kapoor AhujaPriyanka Chopra JonasShilpa Shetty KundraKriti SanonKajolKangana RanautAthiya Shetty 													Find out the hottest hair trends of 2019 that stole the show at the red carpet at the Nykaa.com Femina Beauty Awards 2019. Ponnies were a big hit, while straight tresses took the ultra-sleek route. Also, curls got a messy finish and the glossy-wet look re-entered the fashion game with a bang. The hairstyles spotted were an envious mix of elegant and flirty. So take cues and ace that perfect hairdo that’s sure to make heads turn!Deepika PadukoneSara Ali KhanTwinkle KhannaTaapsee PannuTabuRaveena TandonAdah SharmaZareen KhanDaisy ShahGayatri Bhardwaj  Anukreethy VasMrunal Thakur Lopamudra RautRadhika MadanShama SikanderAsha NegiPhotographs: Vinay Javkar																		Maangtika is a must-have that has long been a bridal essential. This statement piece has a bold semblance that takes any ethnic look several notches higher. In 2019, this traditional treasure is no more limited to bridal wear alone. The current wave of fashion is seeing the love of maangtika extend beyond lavish Indian weddings, exploring its potential to the fullest. Here is how our favourite celebs are donning this elegant piece of jewellery on every occasion. Mark of minimalism Keeping it contemporary The classic crescent Way of weddings  													If there’s one makeup essential that can instantly amp up your look, it is a powerful pop of colour for your pout. Lip colours set the tone of your appearance and make even the most basic outfits stand out. What’s more? It is the easiest and quickest way to up your style game by turning a subtle office semblance into a bright brunch look with a pink shade, or an evening look for the drinks with a red pop. This year, the trendy lip palette largely accommodates diverse shades of pink. Spanning striking colours from pastels to fuchsia, it is being sported in both matte and glossy textures. The classic red shade holds its place strong in the 2019-collection too while the quirky orange takes a backseat this season. And the nudes… Well, the subtle charm of nude shades is taking over hearts like never before, and with it comes the '90s love for browns back in the box. Here’s why: Marvellous majenta pink  Subtle soft pink  Ravishing redBlazing brown Nymphic nude 													The most treasured attire of our tradition, sensational sarees never go out of fashion. There’s something about the six-yard-wonder that blends effortlessly with both, a casual get together as well as a festive celebration. It graces budding beauties as much as it adores the charm of maturity. Precisely, a saree is eternal and extends to everyone who shares the love for ethnic.Time and again sarees have adopted contemporary ways to make every new wave of trend its own. This year the biggest fashion extravaganza—Lakmé Fashion Week—brought some ramp-fresh ideas for wearing sarees while also revisiting many classic styles. We’ve consolidated a list of these latest saree looks for you! Play with different designs or textures in your blouse and pair it with a plain saree to fabricate a subtle yet striking look. Abhishek Sharma 													Team dark-and-soft shades from the same family to flaunt a colourful palette. Latha 													The long-standing love for thick fabrics in saree is back in the game. Seems like it is time to pull out all the Banarsi and Kanjivaram sarees from the back of your cupboard. Shailesh SinghaniaShailesh Singhania 													Contrasting this classic charm is the light, sheer sarees that exude a rich yet breezy enigma. Latha 													Gold is the new black. Shailesh Singhania 													Pastel colours have been a big hit amongst western outfits lately, and saree is all set to embrace its ethnic side. Latha 													Going the bold way? Resort to prominent prints.Shailesh SinghaniaShailesh Singhania 													Elegant, full and three quarter sleeve is another eye-catching trick to make your outfit stand out. Shailesh Singhania 													Ramp looks are often assigned to ostentatious occasions only, given its glam and glitz…but not anymore. Life is too short to wear an outfit that doesn’t bring the best out of you. Experience the power that exudes when you feel your outfit, that wave of excitement which comes with the assurance of—‘You got this, girl’. Feel your fashion, and ramp your way to success. This millennial mantra comes to life with the easy-breezy, street style featured at LFW SR’19. Incorporate these looks in your daily wardrobe and give your 2019 a fashionable upgrade. Go glowLatha Lacy missy Misfit Panda Sheer dearLatha Aesthetic athleisure Reebok Sale Fury with Bodice Formally phenomenal Boat Presents Kunal Rawal Suit up in stripes Boat Presents Kunal Rawal  Power prints The Woolmark Company by Péro and Bhuttico Flowy fever Reebok Sale Fury with Bodice Keep up with the colours Misfit Panda Classy corporate Abhishek Sharma The most-awaited week in the style industry is here, Lakmé Fashion Week Summer/Resort 2019 began with quite a bang! Apart from looking forward to celebrity showstoppers, we're also dying to see what kinds of trends emerge from this season’s fashion extravaganza. So, without further ado, let’s check some of them out: Live life queen sizeExaggerated sleeves are huge this season and designers Gauri & Nainika believe in its power. Other than giving a glamourous spin to an outfit, big sleeves draw attention to your shoulders and highlight them beautifully.  Colour playThe second show #artmeetsfashion by designers Ajay Kumar, Bobo Calcutta, Helena Bajaj Larsen, and Yavi saw some vibrant designs spelling confidence and quirkiness.  Polka dotsThis raging print of 1930s is back for good. Gauri & Nainika embraced polka dots in their recent line making a stunning feminine appeal.  Modest fashionModest fashion is on rise and INIFD Launchpad left no stone unturned to bring it in the limelight with its self-effacing yet stylish line.  SuitsBreaking the shackles of old stereotypes, suits today are not confined to work wardrobes but have extended its boundaries to parties and other casual spaces. Designer Sneha Arora brings them into focus.																		With the rise of chunky accessories and edgy silhouettes, the love for dainty, frilly ruffles could be hard to come by. But, knowing that this fashion trend would be pervading your world for the next 12 months, perhaps it's time to reconsider. To help you with the same, we have rounded up some of the celebrity looks featuring this much talked- about trend. Check them out: Deepika PadukoneIn Gauri & Nainika and shoes by Balenciaga.  Sonam Kapoor AhujaIn Rejinapyo.  Shilpa Shetty KundraIn Ridhi Mehra and choker by Amaris.  Tamannaah BhatiaIn Rose Room Couture.  Kiara AdvaniIn Arabellaa top teamed with Topshop pair of jeans and shoes by Christian Louboutin. Mouni RoyIn Kara. Anushka SharmaIn Cinq à Sept.					The first major social media trend of 2019 has entered the realm, and grandly! We have been looking up to these celebs to stay à la mode season after season, their wardrobes have evolved and so have ours with them…and here they are, taking us for a trip to nostalgia by sharing then-and-now pictures of their decade-long journey. We can’t help but cheer at how they have raised our style quotient over the years. So, here’s appreciating them for their fashion fads, their awe-inspiring demeanour, and for just being so stylishly them. Sonam Kapoor Ahuja takes the ethnic route, sharing her love for Indian attires that she has held so closely for all these years.  Dia Mirza hasn’t stopped stealing hearts with her graceful glamour.					Bipasha Basu Singh Grover made us believe that confidence is the most important accessory that one needs to complete any outfit, and she continues to live by the rule.  Same pose, same sass, and there we have our sensational Shilpa! If Shetty Kundra is to be believed (do you still doubt after this post!), ‘yoga se hi hoga’.  Maybe it’s yoga, maybe it’s in their genes. Shamita Shetty is the perfect pictorial portrayal of—chin up, princess!  Gorgeous then, gorgeous now! Kim Sharma is here to show how you can keep exploring different styles and ace all of them…with those drooping eyelids, of course.  And whoever said you can’t get your style game right the very first time, clearly didn’t stumble upon Diana Penty’s glam.  Mandira Bedi exudes strength like no one else. One rule: Stand tall.  A great smile goes a long way…yes, over a decade if you have one as warm as Ayesha Takia’s.  The fashion icon of the television world, Anita Hassanandani is proof there’s nothing sexier than a happy glow. Well, flirty florals don’t hurt either!																		While Bhumi Pednekar was spotted in a yellow Ekaya piece, Kiara Advani shone in a printed bustier teamed with skirt by Label: Anushree. Our other ‘IT girls’ of Bollywood are digging big time on this fun and lively colour. Check out what they wore: Bhumi PednekarIn Ekaya. Kiara AdvaniIn Label: Anushree.  Kangana RanautIn Madhurya.  Shilpa Shetty KundraIn Faabiiana.  Tamannaah BhatiaIn Sukriti & Aakriti.  Nargis FakhriIn Label: Anushree.  Rhea ChakrabortyIn Sukriti & Aakriti.																		From Minnie Mouse in 1928 to Dior’s best-selling New Look piece in 1954, polka dot print has taken everyone aback with its feminine and romantic appeal. Its fan base ranges from Hollywood actor Emma Stone to Bollywood beauties Sonam Kapoor Ahuja and Kareena Kapoor Khan. Be it on clothes or accessories, this print ups any look to its epitome. Let’s check out how our B-town divas have styled the trend: Kareena Kapoor KhanIn a Masaba sari.  Sonam Kapoor AhujaIn an Erdem velvet dress.  Sara Ali KhanIn a Pretty Little Thing dress.  Anushka SharmaIn a Sabyasachi suit.  Kangana RanautIn Good Earth India.  PatralekhaaIn House of Neeta Lulla.  Swara BhaskerIn a Mango dress.					 Winters see you bring out those old boots and show them the light of the day. Only issue: You’ve worn them a number of times last season and they just don’t feel that special anymore. How you wish your boots had some colour or a fringe or even a shiny buckle. Sigh! Fret not. With some easy fix tricks, you can upgrade your boots to the latest fashion trends of this season and always stay in style! Buckle up!What you need: Belts, scissors, hot glue.How to make: Cut your belt measured according to the roundness of your boot at the calf. Use hot glue to attach your belt onto your boot. Hold it in place and let it dry. Cut off any unwanted extra belt length and buckle it around your boot. Add extra notches if required. You can repeat the same procedure using more belts with different colours or textures and you have your very own cowgirl boots! Cool cutsWhat you need: Ruler, penknife, chalk.How to make: Draw or trace the design of your choice onto your boot using chalk. Size your grid according to your liking. Use the pen knife to cut out the parts you wish to keep hollow. Once done, wipe off the chalk marks with a damp cloth and you cut out boots are ready. This DIY is easier to work with semi-thick leather that won’t lose shape or tear after cutting. Dazzling tipsWhat you need: Paintbrush, gold/silver pearl shine paint, a thick masking tape, fixative sprayHow to make: Add masking tape a few centimetres away from the tip of the boot. Press firmly. Paint using the gold or silver paint making sure the paint doesn’t go under the tape. Paint smooth and even coats to get a smooth surface. Allow it to dry for a couple of hours and remove the tape. Wipe off any stray dried up paint. Spray on the fixative spray and let it dry for 24 hours. And voila! Lace all dayWhat you need: Lace, pins (if required) and fabric glue.How to make: Cut strips of lace that is long enough to go around your boot. Arrange your pattern and pin it so it holds your desired shape. Using tiny amounts of glue, attach it to your boot. Let it dry completely. You can even add a few beaded chains and feathers for a complete boho look. Retro kicksWhat you need: Masking tape, matte finish paint, brush, scissors.How to make: Cut pieces of the masking tape and stick them onto your boot in any desired shape. You can make a star shape or go abstract and stick the tape onto your boot in any way you like. Once this is done, paint over the design you've created using any matte finish paint of your choice. Let it dry and peel the tape off slowly to reveal your design. Continue making more designs or simply stick the tape in equidistant parallel lines to create stripes for a sporty look.Text: Yvonne Jacob 													The glamour industry revolves around fashion cycles and trends that dominated once, have returned to claim their spot again. We found some unique styles at the recently concluded spring/summer fashion week that have all it takes to make it big this year. Check them out: Tight/micro pleats From Givenchy to Balmain, this style is in the good books of everyone.  Boyish shortsAfter cycling shorts making the rounds among fashion enthusiasts last year (thanks to Kim Kardashian West), we’re happy to bid it adieu and welcome these comfortable shorts into our wardrobes in 2019. Tie-dyeLike it or not, SS19 ramps were swamped with this '60s print. Apparently, designers from Prabal Gurung to Stella McCartney are its recent ‘dye’ hard fans. What about you? Fancy flatsFlats are the new heels, they say. And fashion emperors concur. Only, along with being comfortable, flats will be fancier and more detailed in 2019.  FringesFringes have been with us since time immemorial. Difference is you’ll get to see them more this year in apparel as well as accessories.  NeonThis trend has always had a love-hate relationship with us. Whatever may be the case, designers are not done with neon yet and it will be making a bright appearance everywhere this year. Exaggerated sleevesHave thin shoulders? No worries, exaggerated sleeves got you covered (literally). Image credits – Imaxtree.com																		“Don't be into trends. Don't make fashion own you, but you decide what you are, what you want to express by the way you dress and the way to live,” said fashion emperor Gianni Versace. And, we do concur with him. However, knowing what our favourite celebrities and designers indulged in 2018 will not hurt anyone, will it? Fashion this year was surprising and challenging, in India and abroad. It took us back into ‘90s with the resurgence of styles like gold hoop earrings and fanny packs. And, swamped us by its revolutionary and modern approach through sustainable and androgynous fashion. We witnessed fashion giants such as Chanel jump on the bandwagon with Stella McCartney and Vivienne Westwood to go fur-free. While many others partook in a conscious decision to opt for faux leather over real. So, without further ado, let’s check out some of the trends that made waves in 2018 and will hopefully continue to do so in the coming years: Gold hoop earringsFrom International models to global icons such as Priyanka Chopra Jonas, gold hoop earrings looped in, one and all.  BeltsBe it saris or dresses, cinched waists were accepted by everyone, including Kangana Ranaut and Karisma Kapoor.  Chunky sneakers With a liking for everything bold and beautiful, chunky sneakers made a major comeback this year and Alia Bhatt embraced it in a big way (literally!).  Sustainable fashionSustainable brands and designers like Doodlage, Pero and Bloni, to name a few, remained the talk of the year.  Gender neutral fashionAndrogynous fashion too made rounds and gained immense popularity in the midst of decriminalisation of section 377. Here, actor Prateik Babbar, along with makeup artiste and stylist Jason Arland, are walking for the label Chola at Lakmé Fashion Week (LFW) W/F ’18.  Animal printAnimal print roared among fashion enthusiasts (global icon Priyanka Chopra Jonas) and designers alike, with its incomparable appeal.  Exaggerated sleevesFrom knee-length to floor-touching sleeves, 2018 saw it all. Here, the model is walking for designer Mohammed Mazhar at LFW.  Deconstructed shirtsDeconstructed shirts and saris raged this year in all its glory. Sonam Kapoor Ahuja approves of the trend.  MetallicShimmery and sequinned pieces made a shining appearance on ramps (Amit Aggarwal at LFW) as well as at red carpets in 2018.  SuitsWomen suits spelt power and dominated wardrobes, with  Kangana Ranaut and Sonam Kapoor Ahuja giving it a big thumbs up.																		Be it winters, monsoons or summers, this global icon never fails to surprise us with her trendsetting sartorial picks. From sporting a deconstructed suit to elevating basics by teaming them right, this desi girl knows how to play well by the rules of fashion. PC is aware of the power of pairing separates right and is often seen putting this knowledge to its best use. Let’s check out some of her top street style looks that left us in wonderment: First a meeting and then a party to attend right after? Check (literally).  Contemplating what to wear on a “casual” day out with your girlfriends? Here’s your answer.  Layer right for winters, with a dash of refreshing prints.  Need Monday motivation? Dress as stylishly as PC, with a full cup of coffee.  Who said parties aren’t fun on chilly nights? Hop on in one of these pearl-studded sweaters paired with knee-length leather skirt and thigh-high boots. Don’t forget to give a funky personality to your outfit with a cool bright coloured handbag. In case you prefer options, and are a big fan of Kurt Cobain.  Simplicity is the key, they said. Another Monday motivation look? Try to hangout more with trench or eco fur coats in the monsoons to appear super cool.  Going on a hot date? Wear red. Going out with friends? Wear red. Going with family? Wear red (Okay, we made up the last one). Tone down on colours on that summery afternoon.  Or don’t!  Team a bright top with light trousers or pants for a subtle fashion statement.  The next time you plan to go out for brunch, wear a comfortable pencil dress with pointed heels, a modish handbag and glares with a dog for your protection ;)  Wear culottes to give a trendy spin to a basic top.					After changing three flights and taking a three-hour bus ride, we landed in Montepuez—the second largest city in the province of Cabo Delgado in Mozambique. The day had been a whirlwind, as we hopped on and off different vehicles. The moment we landed in Mozambique, however, a burst of fresh, clean air welcomed us. The quaint city is home to Montepuez Ruby Mining (MRM), which is a Mozambican company developing operations at the ruby deposits in the city, and covers approximately 33,600 hectares. A leading supplier of responsibly-sourced coloured gemstones across the globe, MRM is owned by UK-based natural resource company Gemfields (75 per cent), and Mozambican company Mwiriti (25 per cent). We spent two days in the heart of the most recently discovered ruby deposit in the world, and unearthed more than just these precious crimson stones. 													The journey beginsOver 500 million years in the making, ruby, or ratnaraj (meaning king of the gemstones in ancient Sanskrit), is an extremely rare stone, cherished by royalty, social A-listers, and collectors alike. We went to see one of the mine pits on the first day, where rubies are deposited as alluvial or colluvial material over a weathered bedrock.Rubies were first discovered in Montepuez in 2009, following which, Gemfields and Mwiriti signed an agreement in 2011 to officiate the mining process. MRM uses a multidisciplinary approach for mining—geological (rubies that are typically associated with certain rocks or minerals), geophysical (airborne survey—magnetic and radiometric), and geochemical (determining chemical signatures of hidden mineral deposits). The sheer size of the mine pit was staggering, and it brought forth the concern of what happens to it once it has been exhausted.Mining with a conscienceMRM is committed to mining in a way that has the least environmental impact. Jack Cunningham, Sustainability, Policy and Risk Director at Gemfields, explains, “Before we mine an area, we collect seeds of the indigenous plants and trees from the top soil and create a seed bank. We then grow the seeds in a nursery for replanting as we complete mining.” Along with encouraging biodiversity, old pits are back-filled and rehabilitated, and no harmful chemicals are used during the mining process. “Machine oil is carefully managed and stored, machines and vehicles are maintained by our in-house teams, and all spills are cleaned up and the contaminated soil is bioremediated,” says Cunningham.The road to development was not an easy one, and initially, the company faced resistance from the inhabitants. Cunningham recalls, “There was uncertainty from the local community about what the benefits would be and how quickly they would receive those. An influx of thousands of illegal miners also caused social problems at a time when we weren’t yet in a position to help the community. Since 2014, however, we have had a dedicated team on the ground that carries out community engagement, and addresses their needs and grievances, and the relationship with them has vastly improved.” MRM has provided employment to 1,110 people, both directly and via contractors, 95 per cent of whom are Mozambican nationals. The mining company has also helped nine farming associations (two of which are dedicated to empowering women and in total represent 290 partner farmers), and taught them new techniques that have increased yields. Looking at the community as a whole, the company has invested in infrastructure for four primary schools (three of which are new), providing education to 1,000 primary school-aged children. “Schooling is the responsibility of the state, however our infrastructure atleast helps the government with a costly aspect of public education. Once established, we hand over the schools to the government for their onward management as a national asset,” elucidates Cunningham. The establishment of two mobile health clinics serves thousands of people across six villages. Isac Rafael, Director of the Namanhumbir Health Center, Mozambique, stated, “With these mobile clinics, it’s possible to care for patients in the most remote areas without sanitary units. This also gives easy access to pregnant women, children, and the elderly, who don’t have to travel long distances.”The final stepWe spent the last leg of our journey in the wash plant and sorting house, where the raw stones are processed and graded according to their colour, size, and clarity. We witnessed how a team of highly skilled sorters picked rubies from the rubble, in a secure environment. Their hands worked like machines as they separated the precious stones in silent harmony. The final pieces are then auctioned off by Gemfields and till June 2017, a total of eight ruby auctions have generated a revenue of US$280 million.We entered the city with a bunch of preconceived notions, and after spending two days in the shoes of a miner, left with hope for the Montepuez community. That’s what you get in this city of Mozambique, along with beautiful never-ending blue skies, and a warm community that believes in co-existence.					Diwali is a time for gifting - and buying something for ourself and our home. What to buy? Femina puts together its favourite picks in fashion, beauty, accessories, décor and more.					FASHIONHigh glossNothing screams power more than high shine fabrics worn appropriately. While last season was all about plastics in apparel, this season is all about high gloss on any and every fabric texture such as leather, satin etc. Right from long wrap-around coats to pants to even see-through dresses, high shine is marking its territory everywhere. But beware if worn out of proportion or styled incorrectly, the trend sure can fall back easily. The best way to start would be with a high shine statement belt on a solid outfit and move upwards to high gloss trimmings on outfits and then take the plunge! “I feel high gloss fabrics can somehow add sheer sexiness to the look. I personally love wearing statement gloss t-shirt dresses and black or nude shoes,” says lifestyle blogger Naina Ahluwalia. Plaid and simpleThe key to play with plaid is to not go overboard with it and style it with colourful bright accessories to brighten up the look. “If you ask me about plaid, I can only and only think of the term classic yet trendy. Plaid can be played around with prints and colours but it's not a trend, I would call it an evergreen print that everyone needs to have in their closet. Of course, every year something or the other trendy using plaid comes up and those make good additions to the closet,” shares lifestyle blogger Aleena Macker. You can try your hand at plaid button-down skirts or bright plaid co-ordinates or even plaid mules, there’s no stopping this season. Add a dollop of feminine to plaid through glam jewellery, bold lips or bling bags and watch your style quotient go through the roof!Fringe benefits The best part about the fringe trend is its versatility. Not only can you incorporate these sassy strings into your wardrobe but you can also sport it through any medium i.e. through an accessory or clothing piece or even footwear. “You have a variety of different options when it comes to fringes. You can play around with beads or metallic ropes or even denim, the list just goes on and on,” says fashion blogger Puja Wani, “A well-fitted tee with fringes on denim looks really chic for the day and pair a contemporary sari with a fringed noodle strap crop makes heads turn at a social soirée!” ACCESSORIESSkinny sunglassesWe are totally crushing big time on skinny sunglasses to go along with our skinny tall soy lattes. Trust us when we say that a pair of these can totally escalate your look within seconds. What started with a few sightings on Instagram influencers has only gone up on the fashion ladder with everybody adapting to the style. One thing is for sure, the 90’s skinny game is here to stay for a while and you could try experimenting with the same. While the black skinnies sure do seem like a classic, there are a lot of varieties to choose from. You could go crazy and pick a pair of colour tinted glasses to go with super ripped black denim and a black crop or could try white rimmed statement sunglasses over an all-white outfit for the local Sunday brunch!Bag that styleThe trend started with designer labels such as Gucci and Prada displaying embellished bags on runways and it has only been widely appreciated and accepted by the masses. Imagine bags with tiny fur trims and pearls and fabric patches with logos or numbers. The size of these goodies ranges from tiny shoulder bags to handbags to even totes! A great bag can make or break the look and these embellished bags undeniably enliven the look in a jiffy. Macker says, “For bags or any kind of accessories including shoes, I absolutely love embellishments. It gives so much more character to pieces and if you can customize the embellishments there is just nothing like having your own unique piece. I have to say the Gucci has set the bar high with their embellished bags.” Try carrying a denim shoulder bag with faux pearls and diamonds on a classic white blouse and blue denim to the lazy Saturday lunch with the girls or a box bag with adornments for the cocktail soiree the week after and be indebted to us forever!Dance in trans(parent)!While we were throwing our everyday essentials in a plastic see-through bags last season, this season is all about transparent footwear (now we can openly flaunt our pedicures!). Clear PVC sandals are selling like hot cakes and by the looks of it, this trend is definitely here to stay. With Chanel kicking off the trend early this year and going crazy with plastic covered everything, most designers followed suit. If you think wearing see-through shoes is bizarre, you could participate by wearing a combination of plastic, leather peep toes or sandals with plastic straps, or footwear with plastic heels. You could most certainly wear PVC boots on a bodycon lacy dress if you’re ready to bear it all! Fashion blogger Madhavi Dey says, “PVC shoes are a major life saver. I love wearing these statement pieces see through ankle boots on an all-black ensemble as it just adds the right touch of edge to the outfit.” BEAUTYGive a clean(se) chitWe have finally come to the realization that cleansing oils aren’t the bad heroes we made them out to be. In fact, they are seen to be the most liked product currently. Cleansing is the most effective way of getting dirt free, crystal clear and soft skin in a jiffy and cleansing oils seem to deliver all that and much more efficiently. Experts confirm that while cleansers do strip your skin of natural oils, cleansing oil does not clog your pore. Beauty blogger Stacey Castenha says, “I’ve started using a cleansing oil and it only does wonders to my skin. Not only does it cleans my face really nice but also leaves it glowing and super soft. This is one product that is never exiting my vanity.” Looks like it’s time to put this oil down on the list of things to buy this season!Enhancing beautyThe trend that started sometime early this year has only grown. Face serums are a game changer and people are only starting to realize. Whether your skin is acne-prone or dehydrated or dull, there is a magic potion available for every skin type and for every skin related problem. Majority of us Indian women suffer from dehydrated skin and the answer to that is moisture-based hydration face serum. “People always thought that face serums are a strict no as they make the skin too oily or clog the pores but 2018 has been a game changer. People are understanding their skin like never before and adding these serums to their daily beauty regime,” informs Catenha. Time for a much-needed skincare shopping run! Inclusive beautyA little while back, Rihanna upped her game big time after releasing her foundation line with FENTY Beauty. The foundation that came in a variety of 40 different shades (yes, 40 different shades and we aren’t even joking about it!) made our lives so much simpler. People all over the world went crazy as they no longer had to mix a few different shades in order to create the one suitable for their skin. This started a movement that every skin tone is unique and deserves to be celebrated. It was only logical that soon other beauty brands followed suit and started going beyond the customary 10-15 shade range. “Today, it’s all about customization. Right from outfit to beauty to even food, everybody wants something exclusive designed just for them. The inclusive beauty trend is definitely here to stay and is only going to get bigger and bigger with each season,” says Wani. DÉCORGeometric accentsAs Pantone predicted geometric accents have certainly proved to be the hottest trend of the year in decor. What started as modest triangles and circles on tiny vases and tableware here and there has only blown up and manifested itself on objects everywhere. The octagons and hexagons are repeatedly making bold appearances on items such as home furnishing, tiles, wallpapers, fabrics, etc. among others. Interior decorator Heena Sabhnani shares, “A lot of my clients have been taken aback with what the change they saw in their home by incorporating geometric patterns. It instantly brightens up a dull and boring home and adds just the right touch of modern.” Geometric prints are an easy way to up your décor game and give your home the much needed modern touch that it so needed. You too can join on the bandwagon by getting a bright and colourful wallpaper on the bar wall or you can start by dipping one toe at a time and get geometric wall hangings by the dinning or a subtle rug to start with. Frills and trimsWe are as surprised as you are; as for most of us, fringe belongs in the closet. Well, clearly not anymore as the trend has gotten a major upgrade. This season, the style is moving out of our wardrobes and on our décor and we aren’t complaining one bit. Fringe doesn’t necessarily have to mean overdressed. Lightly fringed hems on lamps or a statement fringe trimmed chandelier add the right touch of flirty modern chic. Everything boring is fun again! Fringes are seen making indiscreet roaring appearances on sofa chairs, statement mirrors wall hangings and other zillion things. Again, you could opt for a fringed sofa set for a modern Gatsby look or start with a tiny fringe trim lamp on the nightstand and thank us later!Lush livingVelvet for the longest time has been synonymous to luxury and opulence and the quickest and easiest way to transform your house and give it a luxurious touch is by upgrading your plain Jane furniture with plush velvet pieces. Earlier, velvet was a fabric that was easy to stain, required a lot of looking after, was really difficult to maintain and was available in limited colours. However, all that has changed and today you can get a variety of different shades and options and you’d be surprised at how low maintenance the fabric is and it really doesn’t require much looking after it. You could start experimenting by getting a plush turquoise throw on or cushions and notice the change or go all out and invest in larger pieces like a purple velvet statement couch with chairs and let it rule your space. Velvet just instantly jazzes up the place like nothing else and adds in a generous dollop of chic royalty. Velvet curtains and upholstery too have entered the market and are slowly crawling into our homes. You could begin with black or dark mauve velvet drapes and move to loud bright hues. The key point to remember is not go overboard as velvet on its own self is a statement fabric so minimalism is the keyword to keep in mind while engaging with velvet. Well, it’s time to go ahead and get your velvet on.Text: Ravina Sachdev																		Although monotone and monochrome outfits are safe and can be worn on multiple occasions, going multicolour is bold and daring. In Bollywood, actor Ranveer Singh is popular for his peculiar yet striking dress sense. Similarly, Sonam Kapoor Ahuja and Kangana Ranaut never fail to make headlines with their feisty sartorial choices. Here is a list of some other actors who have embraced colours with pride.Ranveer SinghDeepika PadukoneSonam Kapoor AhujaKareena Kapoor KhanKangana RanautManushi ChhillarJanhvi KapoorTwinkle KhannaFreida PintoShruti HassanRaveena TandonSonakshi Sinha Recent award shows, ramps, and high-end events were awash with all-white outfits. From snow white and ivory to eggshell white and vanilla, Bollywood celebs have been going gaga over this pristine hue. To remain on top of the trend you can follow the lead of Kareena Kapoor Khan’s edgy look by wearing Flow The Label’s off-shoulder top paired with striped trousers or you can take cue from Katrina Kaif’s Anamika Khanna ruffled asymmetrical dress worn with a matching duster jacket. Have a look at our top picks for the season, and stock your wardrobe with this versatile shade:Kareena Kapoor KhanKatrina KaifSonam Kapoor AhujaAnushka SharmaHuma QureshiEsha GuptaTaapsee Pannu One thing that is never up for compromise is to look one's best at all times. To do so is vastly simple and it turns out that we were fussing over the wrong waistline this entire time! All you need is the knowledge about the many waistlines available out there, and know the perfect one for you. The dress with the right waistline will give you a flattering silhouette that will highlight all the right areas and hide the ones you don’t want to show! In order to achieve the perfectly flattering silhouette that you’ve always dreamed of, picking an outfit with the right waistline that matches your body shape is all there is to it (cheers all around). So no slumpy, sloppy ill-fitting attire and wardrobe malfunctions because we are here to deliver to you the fashion tips to match the right body shape to the right waistline. It’s the kind of matchmaking we are here to help with! So read on, and get ready for some shopping for the coming season. You will look on point always, and ensure you make heads turn.  EMPIRE STATE OF MINDEmpire waistlineThe first and most recognisable waistline there is the empire waistline also popularly referred to as the empire silhouette, empire line or just empire style. The basic structure of this waist pattern is categorised by the tightly fitted bodice that ends just below the bust to deliver the whole high-waisted look. The obsession with the high-waisted line began during the 18th century and was brought to fame by the empress of the first French Empire, Napoleon Bonaparte’s wife, Empress Josephine de Beauharnais; which is where the whole regal reference is sourced from. If a style was good enough for an empress, you can be sure it’s good enough for you as well. The entire style is part of the neoclassical style that was obsessed with imitating and replicating or rather reviving the style that could be seen in the ancient Greek and Roman which portrayed women wearing long gowns clinched under the bust.Perhaps it's old-time origins and traces in the 18th century that give the style a wonderfully romantic appeal. The flowy and really luxurious feel it imparts makes your inner Greek goddess preen with appreciation, accompanied with the fact that it’s incredibly comfy with zero constriction is an advantage that has very women sighing in absolute relief. Its old-time origins and traces in the 18th century that give the empire waistline style a wonderfully romantic appeal.Match-maker: The empire waist is designed in such a way that it sits above a woman's natural waistline and generally accentuates the bust which is why it is ideally always accompanied with deep scoop necklines or sweetheart and V-necklines.   This style is perfect for those with pear-shaped bodies i.e. having a slim upper body and a more voluptuous lower body. As such if you don’t want to draw attention to your hips then empire waistline is the way to go. The waist tends to emphasise the narrowest part of the body and camouflaging the wider lower body. It’s also great for short people because the raised waistline creates the appearance of extra height. Now, for the don’ts - avoid the billowy, voluminous fabrics. Pleats and gathers are another no-nos.It is best to stick to with A-line structures or sheath that help to highlight your body’s best features instead of hiding it under too much fabric. When wearing an empire waist top, the best choice of bottom wear is either skinny or straight legged pants. Pairing it up with voluminous wide-legged tend it delivers a rather frumpy, disproportionate look. Empire waist dresses are ideal for pregnant women as its flowy and comfortable. DROP DOWNDrop waistAfter the waistline was pulled up to new heights, the winds of change eventually made their way through the world of fashion and according to the laws of the universal: what goes up must come down. So after the waistline enjoyed the lofty highs, during the roaring 20s, it dropped down to become the distinctive dropped waist style. Around the time when women were finally breaking free from a vile instrument of torture also known as the corset, they decided to adopt more masculine silhouettes. It was believed to be seen as female liberation from traditionally-accepted shapes. A dropped waist sits below the actual natural waistline of a woman and is characterised by the line across the hips instead of the waist thereby providing the illusion of a longer torso. The drop waist though popular with the 20’s flapper dresses are more commonly remembered in their 60’s revival. During then the look took on a sportier feel rather than the elegantly sleek feminine look of the 20’s. Designers have experimented around with it for years and while the basic construct was never tampered with, there were several add-ons like belts, pleated and ruffled skirts to give it a little extra something every time.The drop waist though popular with the 20’s flapper dresses are more commonly remembered in their 60’s revival.Match-maker: Dropped waisted looks aren’t quite as popular today as they were before but they haven’t faded into obscurity completely because the whole ‘shapeless’ look is on the prowl and is extremely favoured. The waist makes quite a statement and, if you know just how to wear and accessorise it, it can turn you into an über fashionista who knows how to work any style like a boss. Short drop-waisted look looks fantastic on women with the tall slender willowy figures and narrow hips. With the addition of a ruffled skirt for a flouncy free-flowing look or an A-line skirt for a sleeker formal look, it could swing either way. It would be prudent for women who have a heavier lower half to stay away from the ruffles as it would be super counterproductive and make the lower body look even wider.For those with long legs and a short torso, drop-waisted dress - with moderate heels - works well. And for those with a long torso and short legs, drop waists with high heels will help to balance out the long torso and deliver a balanced, symmetrical look. BASQUE IN ITBasque waistlineWhat could you have in common with a woman who lived during the American Civil War? Nothing much; except maybe your dress’s waistline. The Basque waistline, which is also referred to as the antebellum waistline is a waistline that emerged when the hourglass figure was the shape every woman was vying for. This waistline served to flatter the equally proportioned body of an hourglass shape and has merits for other body types as well.A Basque waistline is flattering V-shaped waistline that is ideally beneficial for curvaceous figures. The style forms a noticeable ‘V’ on the front of the body coming 2-3 inches below the normal waistline. If the pronounced V-shape is too sharp for one’s taste and then the style can also be modified to a softer U-shape. It is a generally flattering style that provides a slimmer and longer torso due to its low ‘V’ and reduces the width of the hips and waist. Though the idea is to love your body no matter what, wanting to take off a couple for inches every now and then using illusionary means is perfectly acceptable. The style originally began as French-fitted bodice or jacket that eventually become part of the dress rather than a separate piece altogether. A Basque waistline is flattering V-shaped waistline that is ideally beneficial for curvaceous figures.Matchmaker: A Basque waistline is flattering for many body shapes; the low V-shaped line lengthens the torso and creates a wonderfully slim silhouette. However, due to the shape of the waistline, the style tends to draw distinct attention to the lower tummy region and if you aren’t comfortable with that then it's best to avoid this style. Pear-shaped bodies or square shaped bodies should not go for this kind of waistline as it would not be able to appropriately accentuate and flatter those kinds of body types. Hourglass and other body types would be able to carry it off perfectly as it helps to balance out the hips and waist due to the elongation illusion the waist creates.   LOSE THE SYMMETRYAsymmetric waistlineThings that are straight and simple are thoroughly uninteresting after a while. In order to shake things up, the fashion industry developed an obsession with everything that was off-centre and unbalanced. And that is because things like that tend to be more interesting. There is more depth, character and visual appeal. From hemlines with varying lengths to slanted necklines, there is something about asymmetrical patterns in an attire that just make the whole look more sophisticated and bold while breaking free from the rigid symmetry.Though an asymmetrical waistline is not as radical as some of the other things in the same school of thought, it is an interesting style to incorporate. An asymmetrical waistline is a style that sits diagonally across the natural waistline. It originates from a point in the natural waistline and then extends down in a slant to the opposite end. In other words, it is just a slanted waistline across your body, high on one side and low on the other.Asymmetrical waistline creates a slimming effect for those full figured or thick-waisted ladies.Match-maker: Asymmetrical waistline is a type of waistline that will create a slimming effect. Thus, it is great for those full figured or thick-waisted ladies. On the other hand, those on the shorter side should stay away from this waistline as the long waist will make the rest of the body appear shorter. However, if you have short height, you should not opt for this waistline style as this will just make you appear shorter. WAIST NOT, WANT NOTPrincess seamThe absence of something is often beneficial as well. Though there exist several types of waistlines to go with every kind of body, there is a particular style that does not need a visible waistline. A style that is much beloved and which is about as timeless as the name itself - the princess seam style. It is a style that will probably never go out of style and is an epitome of soft feminity.A princess seam or line is characterised by the long seams that start from below the arm, or under the shoulder and curves delicately over the bust and down the body to give a prominent long look that that associated with A-line dresses. The seam can be stitched into blouses or dresses to have the desired structure and shape. Due to the way it is designed, the style does not need a waistline since it runs along panels down the body. The princess seam was associated with Charles Frederick Worth, a prominent English fashion designer of the 19th and 20th century who is also acknowledged by many as the ‘Father of Haute Couture’. The style was of course created for Princess Alexandra of Denmark, the wife of King Edward VII. Due to its fitted and figure-hugging design, it was believed to be the first ‘bodycon’ (who are we to deny that fact?).The princess seam works well with any body type as the seams help to slenderize your frame.Match-maker: The princess seam works remarkably well for those with hourglass figures, the long, shapely seams that gather in at the waist and flare out again at the hips. However, the princess seam works well with any body type as the seams help to slenderize your frame.  It’s a wardrobe staple for every lady, kind of like a good pair of shoes or an LBD. Or better yet an LBD with princess seams is a very acceptable option as well.  Either way, knowing what looks good on your unique body is the first step to being fashionably perfect every day but the personal interpretations and add-ons are what make the outfit your identity.  Text: Crystal SymssImages: Yogen Shah and Shutterstock					Cover storyMonochrome jackets look both trendy and sophisticated. You can pair it with a simple white or a black T-shirt along with a nude-coloured bottom and you are ready for a formal or a semi-formal occassion. Here the actor Kriti Kharbanda is wearing a Zara blazer. Suit upOne of the most ideal outfits for office wear is a crisp black and white suit. Wear it with flats or kitten heels and go minimal on accessories. Here Anushka Sharma has paired an off-shoulder blouse with flared pants which makes it look ultra-modern yet fun.  Classic blend Monochrome has been used ample times in Indian wear too, giving it a contemporary spin. Here Shraddha Kapoor has worn a Punit Balana creation. The contrasting prints, along with the right fabric and texture, makes it perfect for a wedding.  Short and simpleBlack shorts with a white T-shirt or blouse look fun and slinky. Here Janhvi Kapoor has worn a Kunal Rawal outfit—black shorts with a white top and a jacket. This outfit could be completed with a pair of black thigh-high boots to look party-ready.  Doll upAccessorising is the key to make a simple monochrome dress look instantly trendy. Here Kangana Ranaut has added a broad black belt and boots to her outfit. You too can play with add-ons to make a simple dress modish.																		Simplicity is the key, but over-the-top (OTT) trend has managed to survive against all odds. The Lakmé Fashion Week (LFW) Winter/Festive 2018 was an evidence of the trend shift and designers like Naushad Ali, Gunjan Jain, Asik Barit, and Anvita Sharma walked their models wearing garments with contrasting colours, unique silhouettes, and exaggerated sleeves. Know how the ramp was set ablaze by these blue-sky creations. Glistening effectHere the model is wearing a Sunita Shanker sari with the pallu ending in front. The brilliant use of lustrous cloth and bright colour is making the overall outfit stunning. The eye makeup and the hairdo is further accentuating the look.  Unapologetic cutsHere the model is wearing a Naushad Ali windcheater with interesting cuts. The colour combination is making the overall look whimsical. The sleek hairdo and the minimal makeup are completing the semblance effortlessly. FusionThe designer-duo, Asik Barit and Anvita Sharma, has used three elements in this creation—vibrant colour, chequered print and exaggerated sleeves. The amalgamation of all these make for a staggering suit.  On fleekThe model here is wearing a Gunjan Jain sari with a blouse inspired by the nib of a pen. The perfect colour combination along with beautiful cuts make this outfit strikingly attractive.  Top-notchThe model here is wearing an Eka creation where designer Rina Singh has used chequered prints and colour-blocking in her garment. The perfect blending of both makes this an exceptional piece.Image credits- Yogen Shah																		Once considered boring, monotone has now become the crème de la crème. Monotone dressing has been ruling the ramps and streets alike for a long time. Spotted time and again during Lakmé Fashion Week (LFW) Winter/Festive 2018, we know that monotone is the trend of the season. Because of which we have picked five fresh monotone looks from the ramp to help you amp up your style game.Start with the basicsWe know monotone dressing could be risky at first and so you can play safe with an all-white outfit. Matching a white top with a white bottom may sound dull but try it once and you would fall in love with yourself. Here the model is wearing a Nakita Singh white top with a white bottom along with a dupatta.  Fashion maestroAll-black is the new black! Wear your perfect pair of black denims with a matching top and complete your look with a black belt and boots. This look would never disappoint you. Here the model is wearing a Mishru black sheer outfit.  NudesNudes are the way to go! A nude bodycon dress looks stylish and hella sexy! Here the model is wearing a Jayanti Reddy all-nude embellished ethnic wear perfect for a wedding.  Go boldOnce you become accustomed to montones, try giving more personality to your look by adding a jacket to your outfit. Here the model is wearing a Mishru fusion wear dress with the same coloured jacket.  Add printsPrinted monotones are in! Try experimenting with prints for a fun look. Here the model is wearing a Mohammed Mazhar chequered all-red outfit. Image credits- Yogen Shah					FusionDay 5 of the fashion week witnessed western wear hugging ethnic wear. The label Mishru showcased an indo-western collection, where contemporary silhouettes were given a traditional spin. Designer Punit Balana too made his models walk wearing indo-western garments. He paired a dhoti with a jacket to showcase fusion beautifully. MonotoneMonotone clothing is a classic fashion trend. Designer Narendra Kumar Ahmed styled one of his models in a red monotone outfit. Designer Nakita Singh too decided to keep it simple yet chic while playing with single tones.  ChecksThis season saw models stepping out in checks of varying sizes. Designer Punit Balana too used checks extensively on his models. Tahweave, a sustainable everyday wear brand, showcased its models donning big, beautiful checks. Flora and fauna printFlora and fauna print has never been out of style. This time too, designers were spotted incorporating it in their collections. Designer Nupur Kanoi showcased her models wearing floral print. Nakita Singh too took inspiration from nature and poured it into her designs. SheerEveryone’s favourite sheer dominated this season. Agami by Neha Agarwal walked its models in beautiful sheer outfits. Designer Siddhesh Chauhan too displayed his male models wearing sheer.					Deconstructed shirtThe trend of deconstructed clothing has been around for a while now. Here at the Lakmé  Fashion Week we witnessed designers playing with this trend. The models at Kanika Goyal were spotted showcasing the deconstructed shirt.Collection by Caprese X Shift also saw some of its models walking the ramp in deconstructed shirts. StripesDesigner Kallol Datta used stripes extensively in his collection this season.Arpita Mehta too was seen playing with stripes in her latest collection. FlatsFlats are the new heels indeed! The models walked in flats for the label, Shanti.The models of Caprese X Shift too walked the ramp in flats with utmost style and ease. RufflesClaiming ruffles to be her favourite fashion trend, Arpita Mehta’s collection was full of twirling colourful ruffles.Collection by Kartikeya and Misfit Panda too witnessed ruffles on its models. JacketsA fashion add-on that never goes out of style marked its territory at the fashion extravaganza as well. Designer Arpita Mehta used jackets with different silhouettes and prints on her models.Armaan Randhawa’s models too were seen donning bright coloured printed jackets.					The Indian hoodieOr as I like to call it—the modern ghoonghat. Looks like our designers are putting an ethnic spin on ways to accessorise your head.As seen here: Rajesh Pratap Singh and Ka-sha Belts over everythingBelts over saris, belts over dresses and belts over maxi dresses—cinch the waist to frame the new-season silhouette. Extra points if you experiment with shapes.As seen here: Lars Andersson, RmKV silks and Vriksh by Gunjan Jain Light scarvesBarely-there fabrics that are there only to dress up the necks. Jewellery is passé. Get your hands on these airy scarves instead.As seen here: Eka, RmKV silks Dress over a dressThis is a little extreme, and we advise you to play with a sheer and opaque fabrics if you are at it. But the results are definitely Instagram-worthy.As seen here: Buna studio, Eka White on white on whiteIf two white layers were not enough, Rajesh Pratap Singh added one extra to the mix. A great option for all minimalist-lovers out there. And if you are afraid to add one more layers, then go for white accessories.As seen here: Rajesh Pratap Singh, Lars Andersson					Shine onThe Abraham and Thakore show had models stepping out wearing ensembles perfect for high-end occasions and extravagant parties.The all-black outfit with gold sprinkled over it is perfect for an evening affair, and Urvashi Joneja made sure to add a little shine to her vibrant line. Belts everywhereVrisa by Rahul and Shikha gave a contemporary spin to ethnic wear, using belts to accentuate models’ curves.Amrich: by Richard Pandav and Amit Vijay was for the bold and beautiful. The creative use of bright colours, patterns and silhouettes along with belts made the line exceptionally breathtaking. Vibrancy at its bestBright and vibrant colours were the highlight of LFW Day 1. Urvashi Joneja, who is known to play with colours, didn’t shy away this time too and used different shades of neon at LFW Day 1.Amrich: by Richard Pandav and Amit Vijay too couldn’t resist throwing colours in their collection and as a result, models shone brightly at their show. All-black The love for the colour black is eternal. Gen-next designer Shweta Kapur made her debut with a line inspired by women on-the-go. She showcased models in all-black outfits with travelling bags.Richard Pandav and Amit Vijay of Amrich: were also spotted experimenting with all-black ensembles. 													 Flared pantsIn today’s world, designers are all about comfort. AM:PM by Ankur and Priyanka Modi threw an exceptionally mesmerising show, where they paired long and flared pants with perfectly cut blouses.Chola by Sohaya Misra left everyone in awe with her garments and use of accessories. In addition to experimenting with flared pants, she exclusively showed inclusivity in her collection and models.					The big news—lilac is set for a major comeback. This year is all about pastel colours, from runways to the fashion streets. Be it shades of almond or subtle hues of cream and pink, this one fashion trend is here to stay for a long time. Find out five different ways you can style these ice cream colours right: Wear a pastel coloured sweater over a simple white T-shirt or top. Pair it with distressed jeans and casual shoes. Add a shoulder bag to the outfit.  Style a striped monochrome top with a pair of black skinny jeans and don a pastel coloured shrug over it. Wear comfortable loafers and a sling bag to complete the look. Pair a tie-up striped top with a pastel mini skirt along with a handbag. Add flats for a casual look.  Wear a printed dress with beige heels ideal for a party look. Also, add a plain pastel coloured bag to offset the prints. Style a printed pastel top with a printed bright skirt for a daring yet fun look. Complete the outfit with a pair of stylish sandals.					Factors like comfort and the rise of casual wear like kurti-palazzo duo has led to fusion wear being one of the most followed trends this season. Today’s women want to combine contemporary styles with a hint of vintage charm. Thus, it becomes all the more important for you to pair the two separates right. Here we tell you five different ways you can style Indo-western outfits: Style a high-low kurti with boyfriend or casual jeans. Add a saddle bag and a pair of oxford shoes to complete the look. Jacket style kurti with a pair of palazzos is appropriate for both college and work. Wear it with loafers or slip-ons. Wear a printed kurta with a pair of printed palazzos for a bold and beautiful fashion statement. Complete the outfit with white sneakers to offset the prints. Don a shirt-style kurta with a pair of well-fitted trousers and add casual shoes to the look. Pair a kurti dress with trousers which is ideal for a casual day out with friends. Carry a tote bag to complete the look effortlessly.					We can’t exactly pinpoint the time when outlandish became fashionable, but it should be around the time when designers like Virgil Abloh and Demna Gvasalia burst onto the scene (of course, Alessandro Michele being the flagbearer). In the past few months, we have witnessed crocs get a couture update, and sunglasses go ridiculously tiny. But what has the caught the fancy of It-girls around the world and even our B-Town club is the ugly sneaker. Inspired from the trainers once seen in your dad’s footwear closet in the ’90s, these oversized sneakers are the epitome of cool today. How to identify them—well look for chunky shapes, stacked sole and (most probably) a fashion-forward celeb rocking these with their on-point style. Here’s proof. We also tell you where to snag a pair at different price points.Janhvi Kapoor's got more than two. Definitely eyeing Aryan Khan and his mismatched pair of Balenciaga.Kareena Kapoor Khan makes it a point to coordinate her outifts well.Not far behind is bestie Karan Johar, who probably was spotted in those Balenciaga sneakers first.Ishaan Khatter also made it to our list with this pair of Nike.Varun Dhawan in this uber-cool pair.Get them:Nubuck and mesh sneakers, price on request, Balenciaga Leather sneakers, price on request, Chloé Leather sneakers, price on request, Louis Vuitton PU sneakers, Rs 3,990, Zara.com/in Polyester sneakers, Rs 2,699, Hm.com Leather trainers, Rs 6,499, Adidas Classics @ Koovs.com 													We are jumping and cheering (pom-poms in hand) as old-school sportswear comes into focus. Cher Horowitz will totally approve of these popular high-collared jackets, oversized logos and sneakers from Forest Gump’s closet. The big comebackUgly sneakers have sneakily made an appearance everywhere. Blame the trend on the inability to leave the 90s behind.On Naisha: Mesh sports bra, Rs 2,595, Nike; polyester skirt, Rs 2,590, Zara; knitted long cardigan, Rs 7,490, Massimo Dutti; cotton socks, Rs 899, adidas; leather block heels, Rs 3,299, Truffle Collection; acetate sunglasses, Rs 7,499, VogueOn Neelaksh: Cotton polo T-shirt, Rs 1,699, Jack & Jones; satin finish trousers, Rs 1,790; cotton bomber jacket, Rs 4,599, Tommy Hilfiger; suede sneakers, Rs 2,499, North Star by Bata; cotton cap, Rs 1,299, adidas The short of itWe can deny it no longer that short skirts and crop tops have been our all-time favourites, especially when paired with funky, colourful and the dopest scrunchies. Linen twin set, Rs 5,951, Nor Black Nor White; gold finished brass metal earrings, Rs 3,400, Eurumme Power pairWe do love the idea of pairing the chicest outfit – a blazer and pink skirt – with comfortable shoes, as we rush around during the busy work week.On Naisha: Cotton blend T-shirt, Rs 1,999; viscose shorts, Rs 1,799; viscose double-breasted jacket, Rs 2,999, all H&M; coloured socks, stylist’s own; leather pointy heels, Rs 51,500, Christian Louboutin.On Neelaksh: Cotton polo neck t-shirt, Rs 1,699, Jack & Jones; sheeter shorts, Rs 12,950; Shivan & Narresh; light weight fabric jacket, price on request, Nike; cotton socks, Rs 899, adidas; leather white shoes, Rs 2,999, North Star by Bata; gold plated watch, Rs 9,900, Just Cavalli Pencil caseLaid-back sets are every man’s downtime dream. Choose a head-to-toe neutral hue and break it with contrasting accessories.Linen shirt, Rs 4,800, linen pants, Rs 4,000, both CORD; suede-panelled sneakers, Rs 13,999, adidas; gold-plated watch, Rs 9,900, Just Cavalli; leather bag, price on request, Longchamp Run the streetsIt’s a great mix of functionality with nuance when you combine tailored trousers with a check jacket. Take this look, with monochrome sneakers, to the streets.Georgette shirt, price on request; pleated pants, price on request; tweed jacket, price on request, all Dior; cotton socks, Rs 899, adidas; gold plated earrings with semi-precious stone, Rs 4,000, Varnika Arora Go big or go homeIt’s the ‘90s all over again – oversized T-shirt underneath matching sets. Wear this look beyond tennis courts.Cotton T-shirt, Rs 2,999, adidas; linen pants, Rs 10,800; linen jacket, Rs 12,000, both Shift; metal watch, Rs 12,000, Just Cavalli Game changerA cropped sweatshirt can be transformed into an ‘It-girl’ outfit with the perfect pair of stripes. Polyester blouse, Rs 799, Zara; chevron patterned skirt, price on request, Fendi; cotton socks, Rs 899, adidas; Faux leather shoes, price on request, Michael Kors; cotton jacket, Rs 4,999, adidas; studded stones earrings, Rs 5,500, Sameer Madan. Finishing touchesGrab your most accessible, cultured staple – polo tees – and pair them with high-waisted shorts for a vintage-inspired look. On Naisha: Cotton long dress with stripes, `3,490, Massimo Dutti; gold finished brass metal earrings, `3,200, Eurumme.On Neelaksh: Jersey T-shirt, Rs 8,900, Shivan & Narresh; Linen pants , Rs 17,006, Verandah Suit upTracksuits have become summer-appropriate. The bomber and track combination is more relevant than ever, even if it is for boardroom meetings. Cotton jacket, price on request; cotton pants, price on request, both Pawan Sachdeva; cotton T-shirt, Rs 2,599, Jack & JonesPhotographer: Vinay Javkar; Hair and makeup Artist: Tashi (Inega); Models: Naisha Bhargabi & Neelaksh Apte (Anima Creative Management); Fashion stylist and shoot co-ordinator: Akshita Singh; Interns: Shirsa Ghosh, Bhoomi Mistry; RETOUCHED BY: Vikas Kamble					There is nothing off about this trend, paradoxical to its name. Off-shoulder style has lived and thrived amongst us since the 1800s–the era of art, architecture, romance and fashion in the form of elaborate dresses. Having a feminine appeal and an ability to blend with different silhouettes has made it every woman’s wardrobe essential. From red carpet gowns to a girl’s go-to date clothing, off-shoulder has found its way everywhere and in everything. Even the Indian bridal wear designers are not spared and are often seen experimenting with the trend. The best thing about it? You need not worry about going to the gym and getting perfectly-toned shoulders— just hop in one of the exposed shoulder dresses and you are ready to go. Here are few ways you can style the trend:Shilpa Shetty KundraHere the actor Shilpa Shetty has styled an off-shoulder peace + love crop top with matching trousers and Zara heels. To accentuate her already beautiful collar bones, she has worn an Azotiique necklace.  Kangana RanautWhen was the last time you saw Kangana Ranaut not slaying? The actor has revamped her style game like no one else. Here she is wearing an off-shoulder Bibhu Mohapatra outfit with Lanvin shoes. That hairdo though! Chitrangda SinghBecause Chitrangda loves everything dramatic. Here she is wearing an off-shoulder, ruffled AlpanaNeeraj monochrome dress ideal for a romantic date.  Esha GuptaEsha Gupta has styled a Gemy Maalouf outfit here. She has styled an off-shoulder top with well-fitted bright-coloured trousers. Going minimal on accessories and makeup is the key, you know! Mouni RoyMouni Roy is wearing an off-shoulder Narendra Kumar dress here. The thigh-high slit and body-hugging style is accentuating Mouni’s curves perfectly. You know this dress is ideal if you want to leave people in awe and appreciation of your style.  Parineeti ChopraHere the actor Parineeti Chopra is wearing an open shoulder, deep neckline dress. The Shantanu & Nikhil floral gown is everything but boring and the actor surely knows how to pull it off well. Nushrat BharuchaWith the perfect cut-outs and colour-combination, Nushrat Bharucha is slaying this off-shoulder, Raquel Balencia flowy dress with utmost ease. This look is hands down ideal for a hot date. Photographs courtesy: Instagram and Yogen Shah					The one fashion trend everybody is endorsing is athleisure–a trend in which workout clothes are given a streetwear edge, so that they can be worn to the gym and beyond. B-town fashionistas like Kangana Ranaut, Alia Bhatt and Anushka Sharma are often seen in these fresh, sporty looks. The trend has been embraced by major high-fashion brands and has been spotted on the runways for a few seasons now. There are three things you definitely need to flaunt this look—a comfortable outfit, a cool pair of sneakers and a major dose of attitude. Let’s see five different ways of sporting athleisure: Pair a printed short sleeve T-shirt with track pants for a casual day out with friends. You can complete the look by wearing white sneakers for women or sport shoes.   A plain T-shirt paired with printed track pants is an ideal combination for a lazy college day. Add converse shoes to complete the outfit and look simply stylish.  A spunky jacket paired with distressed light-washed jeans is perfect for an airport look. Complete the look with brown boots.  You can accessorise a simple athleisure outfit by adding a cool backpack to it. Pair a tank top with classic joggers and you are ready for a movie date followed by a shopping spree. Complete the look with either white sneakers or sport shoes. Pair a casual tank top with training tights to look gym-ready. Add boots to your outfit instead of sneakers and you are good to hit the club at night.  					The one piece of clothing that can make any outfit look well-styled instantly is denim. Believed to be invented in 1873 by Jacob Devis and Levi Strauss, denim has come a long way since its inception. Today, it has forayed into footwear, accessories, furniture and even vehicles as seat covers. From the most eminent designers in the fashion fraternity to celebrities and even influencers, denim has spared no one and is everyone’s go-to clothing item. We tell you five ways you can style denim this season and look stunningly fashionable:What comes to your mind when you think of comfort and style together? A stylish pair of casual jeans indeed! Considered a wardrobe must-have, a pair of casual jeans could be styled with a simple, embellished T-shirt. To make the outfit look swish and smart, add-on a pair of white sneakers or flats.  When our favourite skinny jeans become a big no-no in the monsoon season, bootcut jeans come to our rescue. Pair them with a printed, chiffon shirt to keep your look easy-breezy. Complete this look by wearing crocs or slip-ons.  Wearing denim-on-denim is one fashion combination that can never go wrong. Style a well-fitted denim shirt with a slightly lighter shade of denim culottes and you’re ready to take on the world. Complete the look with floater sandals.   A-line skirts are in vogue! And what’s better than having them in denim. Don an off-shoulder, striped top over an A-line denim skirt to look perfect for a casual day out with friends. Pair the outfit with monsoon boots to complete the look. What is the perfect colour-combination you ask for women's fashion? White and denim hands down! Wear a printed white T-shirt, on skinny white jeans and pair them with a denim jacket. The entire ensemble exudes chicness. Complete the look with white sneakers.					Isn’t this statement the absolute truth? With the recent incident at Cannes 2018, where American actor Kristen Stewart was seen removing her heels on the red carpet as a protest against the film festival’s dress code—all female guests should wear heels–the message was crystal clear: No more telling us what to wear! With well-being as the topmost priority, women have consciously replaced the gut-wrenching experience of wearing stilettos with congenial foot candies, sneakers! According to a report by NPD’s group retail tracking service, sales of heels dropped by 12 per cent in the year 2017, while the sneakers market witnessed a boom of 37 per cent. Experts claim that other than factors like comfort and health concerns among women, one rationale seen for the decrease in the sales of heels is casualisation of every occasion. Let’s find out how Bollywood celebs are rocking the trend. One of the leading actors in Bollywood, Alia Bhatt flaunts her Madison pants and Adidas sneakers at the airport. Her off-white handbag, paired with the coolest pair of black shades, completes the athleisure look.  In her Alcoolique trench, Shopbop white crop top and Deme by Gabriella pants, Shraddha Kapoor slays this look in all its glory. The Zara shoes worn by the actor complete the outfit effortlessly.  When it comes to style, Malaika Arora can never go wrong. Here she styles an airport look by wearing a Narendra Kumar outfit.  Actor Mahira Khan looks exemplary in this perfectly styled outfit. Her flawless ensemble paired with YSL shoes oozes modishness and excellence.  When it comes to new trends, the Bollywood fashionista can never be left behind. Kareena Kapoor Khan looks simple yet stylish in this airport look. She wears an off-white shirt with a pair of well-fitted denims. The sporty sneakers complete the outfit with utmost ease.  Sophie Choudry surely knows how to pull off an all-denim attire. The Gucci shoes effortlessly complement her Topshop outfit and Claudie Pierlot jacket. The arm candy by Jimmy Choo and the Fendi glares complete the look.					It was 2011 when Quirk Box took root. Co-founded by Jayesh Sachdev, it was a venture to bring his art to many through fashion and décor. What he didn’t know was that all their products will be sold out within the first week. Their quirky – as their name rightly suggests – designs are well appreciated and have had many takers even amongst the celebs like Deepika Padukone, Ranveer Singh, Priyanka Chopra, Alia Bhatt, Parineeti Chopra, Amitabh and Abhishek Bachchan, Kangana Ranaut and Kajol. The brand defines itself as a fashion and lifestyle label that exudes wearable eccentricity. “That, in addition to rich colour, graphic art and playful sophistication define our essence,” Sachdev mentions in the brand information, “We are synonymous with all things fun, offbeat and quirky. Our exuberant approach to the everyday encourages personal style with a dash of incandescent charm. We call it life in technicolor.” An artist by passion, a designer by choice and a creative entrepreneur by vocation, Sachdev talks about the brand, his journey and making people a walking gallery. It shouldn’t have been such a surprise though. Sachdev is an artist, designer and entrepreneur. He graduated with a Degree in Visual Communication at Lasalle College of the Arts, Singapore and holds the national record for having painted India’s largest concept artwork. Alongside running the Quirk Box, he continues to practice as an artist, exhibiting through New York to Bombay. He has won many awards including British Council Young Arts Entrepreneurs India 2008, Tiger Translate India Arts Awards and Crow Bar Asia Advertising Awards and he is also a credited TEDx speaker. Apart from his art, he is an avid photographer and loves to play tennis. Quirk Box also, is an award-winning label, alongside its founder. It won the Best Urban Wear Label – India award at Grazia Young India Fashion Awards in 2015. They have showcased their collection at the Lakme Fashion Week since 2013. In previous interviews, the artist-designer who is inspired by Sabyasachi and Manish Arora told the story behind Quirk Box, “There is an oddity and sense of innovation that is a virtue of Quirk Box. This oddity, this quirkiness, and this implicit need to be original and fun put together are what we like to call the Quirk Box. We’re here to be different and carve a niche of our own in this ever-growing industry. The strategy is to only provide fresh, quirky and unimaginable designs to our customers and reach out to prospects that haven’t yet been exposed to quirky fashion and lifestyle.” Living up to its story and its name, each collection by this brand has been unique and out-of-the-box. Not one to follow trends, but to set them, he has kept true to the essence of the brand with each collection, having come up with new and interesting prints every time. “Our USP is our strong understanding of design and fashion and our inherent traits of wanting to create something original each time,” he explains, “We are not aping trends, even though our works have a very strong ‘pop art’ essence, we are neither imitating designs, nor finding inspiration from Bollywood/Hollywood or popular culture, we are constantly striving to create innovative art that spells individuality.” Sachdev and his brand are all about expressing their art through various mediums, and thus was the Quirk Box Design Studio born. “I am primarily a visual artist,” tells the man who believes that ‘design is art with a function and business is applying that design into context’, “I have no formal understanding of fashion. My art and illustration aesthetic are what makes Quirk Box distinguished. The art that is made for Quirk Box is put into fashion, but fashion is only one such medium onto which my art can be applied to. We can design your space, your business identity, textile prints, wedding cards… the scope is diverse and limitless.” Through this independent design studio, the design style that is inherently Quirk Box can be hired as a service and not just as a product. We have a tête-à-tête with Sachdev talking of the milestones he’s reached in his journey till now, his inspirations and aspirations. Can you tell in brief about your journey to date?It's been a decade that I've been an artist; so it’s clearly been a long and exciting one. I started out as a Jr. Art Director at an agency in Singapore, after graduating from an art school. I eventually moved back to India to start Emblem, my design studio. That didn’t initially kick off the way I'd have imagined and I occupied myself painting. Before I knew it, I'd become a full-time artist. I founded Emblem Tee, and the Emblem Art Gallery and later Quirk Box. I like to believe I'm a creative entrepreneur as much as an artist. Along the way I picked up a few accolades and awards, it's been a frustrating, enriching and a learning journey, and I'm probably not even close to halfway where I'd like to be. Were art and design something you wanted to pursue from the start?I wanted to write. I wanted to play tennis and football. When I didn’t end up pursuing those as career options, I had a strong idea that I would be inclined towards a Visual Arts career. What inspires you to create?There is something magical and whimsical about creation. You have freedom. I enjoy this freedom of being a creator.  What inspired you to start Quirk Box?As an artist, you tend to have a limited audience. Often affluent or far too niche and restricted. This meant all my creative ideas and visions would manage to reach a small audience. I hoped that a lot more people could firstly, witness my art and secondly, afford it. Quirk Box was started to be a functional art label. Instead of buying my art on a canvas, you could now buy it as a garment. When you wear Quirk box, you are a walking gallery of my imagination. You started with an online store, and haven’t gone for the traditional retail format. Was that a conscious decision? Do you plan to have your own store in the future?The idea was always the penetration of the market. If you've lived in one place too long, you become a frog in a pond. You have to go out there and tell your story to everyone. I didn’t want to be tied to a physical space. I needed my art to be everywhere. And online allows me to reach 200 countries as opposed to one specific location that a brick and mortar are about.Since the start, you have come up with out-of-the-box designs. How has the response been?We turned seven in April. It's been wonderful. We've dressed commoners and celebrities alike. Won the awards that mattered and got the features that matter. We've sold from Pune to Peru. I have much to be grateful for. How’s the Quirk Box journey been till date? Can you tell us in brief about the milestones in this journey?When we started out seven years ago, we started out wanting to create something exciting. We had unrealistic ambitions, we wanted to reach the entire country, but a part of me believed I was being delusional to expect it. A week into our launch we were sold out and we realised we had created something larger than we knew. It has been a learning curve. Meeting incredibly talented people, incredible experiences, winning relevant awards, dressing fashion goddesses, it opened new windows of opportunities and experiences, from the fashion weeks to dressing A-listers. It's been a long tough exciting ride.Where do you get your inspiration from when you come up with new collections?Inspiration is everywhere. We find inspiration from our experiences and surroundings. There is no preset for this. Every day is a new experience and ideas are ever evolving. The fabrics you choose, the prints, the colours… Why do you choose what you do?I make art that I chose to make. We do not restrict ourselves with the art. The freedom of creating is why we started this. This is not trending determined. The fabrics that are chosen based on the season, cotton would work in warmer weathers, crepe and silks in the festive season. Since we print a multitude of colour, we also need to pick fabrics that allow us to print the kind of art we make. We also try to keep our prices in-check so the fabrics determine the same. Can you tell us about your latest collection?Our summer collection Chikanobu was inspired by the 18th-century Woodcut Artworks of the Japanese Artist Toyohara. I love all things Japanese, and Japanese art was something I've always been intrigued by. My wife Priyanka who is now the Chief Illustrator at Quirk Box was truly inspired by the idea of recreating his works in a contemporary context. The artworks of Emperor Meiji, the Japanese Cranes, Waves and Geisha's all features as artworks in the series of our Summer Resort wear. We used Crepe this season. It is light in weight and the blend we use is easy on sweat, heat and wash care.Who is your inspiration? I am inspired by my travel experiences. Food, small, the unknown that is exciting brings with it new stories to tell. Stories that we tell through art and fashion. Your most and least favourite parts of designing?Every day at work is a challenge; a new challenge. The amalgamation of art and business is something I am excited by. I thrive on this. Having to solve internal conflicts of tailor/labour is a rather annoying part of the profession though.What in your opinion is your biggest achievement so far?That I am able to sustain art in a country that has no value for it, is my biggest achievement. Quirk Box was one of the first of its kind with the designs that you came up with. These days there are many who do similar or “inspired” designs. Your take on plagiarism in the industry.Everything is an inspiration, and everything is a copy… some more than others. I see a tree and I draw it. I copy from nature. Some see the drawing of my tree and copy it. Unfortunately, due to the weak intellectual property laws and ambiguities, this won’t change anytime soon. In the meanwhile, we have to believe that imitation is the best form of flattery.Being an artiste and a designer, how do you balance the two facets?They are integrated. One fuels a passion, one fuels the bills. Can you tell us a little about Quirk Box Design?Quirk Box is an independent boutique art-based design studio. It offers crafted solutions for all your design needs.  With over 10 years of experience in the design space, including branding, graphics and fashion, the studio offers the same philosophy and principle of its original art and design and strong aesthetic essence, that is no longer limited to its in-house label, but to anyone that would like to hire its service. having worked with fashion, art, graphic design, branding, advertising, space design, the brand now offers you a design language you need, keeping intact the graphic art and playful sophistication that defines our essence. Can you tell us a little about your next collection?Our next is our most ambitious collection yet. Given the detail of the work, we are still working against the clock to release it in time for August. But hopefully, it will see the light of day soon.What do you envision the future holding for you?I wish I could foretell the future. But I can only hope. Hope to create good work, hope that it continues to be appreciated. Hope that I can sustain a lifestyle that allows me to travel extensively.What is your advice to the upcoming designers and fashion entrepreneurs?They don't need my advice. They need self-belief, courage and perseverance.					Sleeves are an element of fashion that has undergone some drastic upgrades, variations and evolutions in the last century. So whether you want to channel the Elizabethan age of over-the-top opulence or free-spirited bohemian vibes, there is a sleeve for every kind of whim and fancy. Like everything in the fashion industry, there is a time when some styles rise above the rest to become the look and talk of the season and the sleeves making waves (literally) this season are a mix of delightful throwbacks and modern sophisticated elegance. Bell of the ballBell sleeve is a super cute and fun style that is making a comeback to the fashion scene. The bell sleeves have been much beloved for their flowy design that allows easy movement and for their uber-graceful feminine appearance. In its previous lives, bell sleeves started their journey out by simply being a flared sleeve that was a part of the Japanese Heian period. A long dramatic flared sleeve was a classic feature and style norm back in the day. It then migrated across the world into the European medieval era and was predominately a style that was seen in the outfits of members of the church clergy. And it was around that time that the sleeve slowly and steadily developed its signature bell structure.The elite class of the Elizabethan era adored the bell sleeves. And as 'less is more' was not a phrase that the stylists of the Elizabethan era particularly believed in at the time, they decided to make it more extravagant (because, why not?) By adding on various embellishments like frills, lace and pleats . After which, the sleeves safely made their way into the modern world wherein the bell shape became more distinct and was synonymous with gentle femininity.The bell sleeves have been around for a long time and are likely to be around for a good bit more too considering the comebacks it makes every few years, seamlessly incorporating itself into the latest fashion trends. Though the bell structure is highly appreciated in the form of sleeves, its other variant 'the bell bottoms' weren't so lucky. But the world of fashion is a strange and unpredictable place. You never know what might pop up again.Why, though? Why has this simple little style managed to stick around for so long? Well, it because bell sleeves are enormously versatile. They have comfortably made themselves a perfectly fashionable asset in every area. From chic work wear to flirty casual and elegant evening wear, bell sleeves can be brought to every area of ââinterest. (Multipurpose utility? Yes, please). It is also wearable in a range of different fabrics as well as wool, lace and silk.How to style: Bell sleeves are great for any kind of occasion. And they come in several different variations, the fitted sleeve with bell flare starting only at the wrist or at the elbow. This is great for people wanting a combination of two styles; full-fitted sleeve and bell sleeve. When it comes to styling it for a classy, ââhigh fashion workwear ensemble, bell sleeves that tie at the elbow add that dash of sleek with a mild dose of flounce. Paired with some tailored pants make an effortless fashionable work-wear look that will help get rid of those Monday blues. Sheer silk blouses sporting bell sleeves are perfect for decadent evening wear and is super comfortable. Cap-tain of styleIf there was ever a voting poll to decide which is the 'all-time favorite sleeve' then cap sleeves would probably win hands down. Cap sleeves give us a feel of soft femininity, throwing it back to those long dreamy gowns with adorable cap sleeves that Keira Knightley wore to the ball in Pride and Prejudice (Who wouldn't want to pretend to be in that situation?). It is a representation of simple, uncomplicated design that is made for everyone. Their modest design is probably why they have been a part of bridal gowns and bridesmaids dress for a long time. The first record of cap sleeves being included into wedding attire has been traced back to the roaring 1920s and then made their way into everyday party wear fashion as well (flapper dresses anyone?).After that, the beloved cap sleeves cruised their way into the 30s, 40s and 50s. Clearly, fashion couldn't let them go and for good reason. It was made widely popular and sealed its place as timeless style when the biggest celebrities showcased their little cap sleeves of the most important day of their lives: their wedding. Scores of celebrities and royalty have sported cap-sleeved wedding gowns and strengthened its reputation as a favored design. When Jackie Kennedy Onassis wed John Kennedy in 1953 in her beautiful cap-sleeved gown, the style's popularity shot through the roof. Mega style icon Audrey Hepburn wore a cap-sleeve wedding dress in her movie 'Funny Face' in 1957 and that made it official, the cap sleeves were here to stay.The most recent ambassador for the beloved cap sleeve is the ever popular sister of the Duchess of Cambridge herself, Pippa Middleton. The fashion world will probably never forget the day she stepped out in that immaculate form-fitting cap-sleeved white gown on the day of the royal wedding. The wedding was not the only historic thing that happened that day. Pippa, with endless grace and panache, brought the caps back into the fashion scene. And it did not end there. When it was Pippa's turn to tie the knot, she dazzled the world again with another cap-sleeved beauty. Cap-sleeved elegance at its finest ladies!How to style: Though it is extremely favored in the wedding scene, bell sleeves are also quite flexible and can be showcased in everyday fashion as well. Along with it being a part of the usual suspects of western wear ie dresses and tops, you can even bring this style a little closer to home. Embellished high-necked sari blouses with cap-sleeves are exceptionally gorgeous and are a great way to amp up your traditional wear. Bishop sleeveBishop sleeves are sleeves that are quite similar to a bell sleeve, however, they have one defining feature. The full-length sleeves have a familiar flare that flows from the shoulder but it ends with a wide cuff that is gathered and cinched at the wrist. The style emulates a luxurious vintage feel. And it should rightfully because this style has been around for a long time. Though the sleeves are similar to the shape to the sleeves worn by bishops of the church- hence the name - but traces of the flouncy sleeves go even further back in time to the sixth-century Byzantine era (Kudos to them for probably being the oldest sleeve style ever). Though they were not all that prevalent during that time, bishop sleeves become a lot more common during the 1800s.Bishop sleeves got major traction back in the mid-60s during the time when the free-spirited hippie culture was making a statement in society. The relaxed flowing look it created coincided perfectly with the hippie style and they were all for it. Further on, in the 70s and 80s, the sleeves were made of lycra and polyesters to maintain the soft bouncy look that was its biggest selling point. Bishop sleeves created a flattering, balanced silhouette that made a person's shoulders look smaller in comparison. The cuff, historically, is a wide button cuff but over the years, it went through many reconstructions. Elasticized cuffs, embellished cuffs and cuffs with decorative trimmings were all a part of the advancements the bishop sleeves underwent to meet the ever-changing fashion demands.The distinctive shape of the bishop sleeve also attributes it to be known as balloon sleeves. They are also believed to be similar to peasant sleeves due to the fact that they both gather around the wrist. However, the difference is that peasant sleeves ideally tend to puff out at the shoulders, while bishop sleeves just flow smoothly from the shoulder down the arm for a nice draped effect. Peasant sleeves also do not possess a wide cuff but rather have a simple elastic band.How to style: Bishop sleeves are very distinctive and make quite a statement with their classically vintage look. Hence, they are great for formal blouses. Paired with a fitted high-waisted pant to emphasize the sleeves and create a stunning silhouette that just all of the soft sophistication; in other words, high fashion boss lady. For a look that's more casual Fridays, pair it with jeans instead. Draped bishop sleeves add a perfect little dramatic flair to a short loose dress with some strappy wedges or flats and you've basically got you're boho-chic on. Or a fitted dress that flatters your natural curves along with flowing sleeves is perfect for desk to dinner days. Keeping up with the kimono sleeveJapan's foremost export into the world of fashion is the traditional kimono and most popularly the kimono sleeve has carved its place into the fashion scene for the smooth elegant effect that it gave. Traditionally, the type of kimono a person wore would be a marker that officially denoted their social standing, rank and occupation. Well, clothes tend to have that effect even now in a rather unofficial, unspoken way. Nevertheless, the sleeve style eventually made its way across to the western world towards the end of the 1940s.Traditional Japanese wide kimono sleeves are varied in lengths. The sleeves of the kimono's that were used in theatrical performances tending to almost 3 feet long and would drag across the floor for spectacularly dramatic effect. Imagine walking into a party with 3 foot long sleeves (instant show stopper). Unfortunately, that wouldn't be the most practical thing to wear in the real world, so the sleeves were cut down to size to suit more normal measurements. Ideally, kimono sleeves have a deep armhole and the sleeve does not have a definite shoulder seam or armhole seam, which is its peculiarity. The main body of the garment and the sleeve are created from the same continuous piece of material, it, therefore, is also known as a 'grown-on' sleeve.How to style: Kimono sleeves are the trend this season and are perfect for wrap dresses, cinched-in waist secured with a sash that completely the whole traditional kimono look as a whole. Kimono sleeves are also great for sheer or silk blouses that go well with pants or pencil skirts. Shrugs with long kimono sleeves are an excellent way of adding a chic layer to casual jeans and tank top outfit. Cape wonder sleeveCape sleeves and capes are on the list of trending items this season. It's a cool look that speaks of elevated style and if you know just how to wear it and accessorize it, it can be a striking feature in your fashion diaries. Cape sleeves are can be traced back to the past with the introduction of the cloak. Capes were basically an outer garment that draped over the wearer and covered the shoulders, arms and was fastened at the neck. They were super popular back in medieval Europe (Try not to think of long Dracula-esque cape). After their heyday back in the dark ages, capes are back in the modern age to make a style statement unlike any other with designers offering new spins and innovations on trend to make classy and impart a sense of regality because every girl deserves to be a queen .Cape sleeves are most popularly seen on jackets - as the cape is essentially made for outerwear - that has been upgraded with bold new patterns, interesting new fabrics and showcased in varying lengths for every kind of occasion. The sleeves can either in be flared if made with softer fabrics or can be straight and sleek for a more defined structure.How to style: Cape sleeves are great on blazers and because the fabric is stiffer, the silhouette you acquire is impeccably sleek and very flattering; perfect for when you evolve from boss lady to modern queen! It is ideal for smart elegant formal wear or can be used to dress up a basic and top ensemble for a night out. Long flared, looser cape sleeves work well on dresses for an ultra-majestic look or on light pastel colored tops for those casual brunch days. Pick out any one of this season's trendiest sleeves and work it like a boss. Text: Crystal Symss Images: Yogen Shah Like history, fashion sure has a way of resurrecting back. Well, this year, fashionistas have re-adopted trends from the 90’s and we aren’t complaining one bit. One look around the fashion circle, and you’d be able to spot them! “This season is all about picking up trends from the 90’s decade and styling them with your own personal twist,” believes Azmeen Madhani Molo, fashion expert, Blush boutique. Stylist Chaitali Banavalikar-Kulkarni informs, “90s were a total game changer since people became more experimental about their style, rather than focusing on what a particular group of people are wearing.” These are our top picks for the season, have a look on how to style and slay these looks!					Of staple stringsThis quite modest piece of string worn across the neck dates back to 2500 BC! From denoting prostitution to denoting lesbianism, the choker has travelled quite practically everywhere. The choker, now sitting proudly in jewellery cases gained its due attention in the 1900’s because of Queen Alexandra of England when she flaunted one to hide a small scar. It further garnered attention when people started wearing plastic chokers in 1990’s. From Gwyneth Paltrow flashing one at the 1999 Academy Awards to Paris Hilton and Rihanna, every fashion diva has surrendered to the choker game. Back home, Zeenat Aman was one of the first celebrities to rock a choker. Of course, these days the humble choker has enjoyed popularity as celebrities such as Sonam Kapoor, Priyanka Chopra, etc. exhibit various types of choker including diamonds, lace, velvet, beads, leather, shoelace (Yep, even a shoelace can be worn as a choker!) Not only is it super stylish, it is also easy on the pocket and comes with a guarantee of making you seem like an Insta- goddess! Chokers are literally the easiest way to make you seem like you belong to the ‘you can’t sit with us’ tribe. The 90s saw the ‘it’ crowd styling their plastic cord with denim shorts and crops.Style guide: Chokers are something that could be worn throughout the day and beyond.  The strand science is pretty easy to grasp. (No Einstein IQ required here!). The only deciding factor to keep in mind to wear one is the neckline of the outfit that you would be wearing it with. Now, you could wear a dainty ribbon cord for a super casual day out in denim and a tee or could go glam displaying an extravagant bold crystal version with an off-shoulder gown. You could also parade around in multi-layered chokers by pairing them with low neckline outfits. “Chokers are in but can get common these days. Mix it up with a layer of other neck pieces of various lengths to give it a new and different look,” shares designer Neha Sharma. Moving on to traditional outfits, nothing like an Indian-ised version of a choker to pair with a lehenga for your oh-so-important mehendi function. Put together a statement piece of a pearl droplet choker with a sheer black sari and be prepared to make heads turn at the soiree! Return of the coy cropA moment of applause for Madeline Vionnet for if it wasn’t her, we really wouldn’t have been offered the cropped fashion. In 1932, Madeline Vionnet designed an evening gown with strategically cut openings at the waist. The design was accepted by the masses and how! By the 1940’s, women’s magazine had further enhanced the trend by exposing degrees of midriff. Teen magazines of late 1940’s and 1950’s too weren’t far behind and happily participated in the movement by flaunting midriff barring suits and tops. Although it was restricted to swimwear initially, since the trend was so widely accepted, it was only natural for it to have an upgrade and move into women’s wear.This was only the beginning for the coy crop top. Crop tops further moved ahead to become “the look” of the 1980’s. The midriff-baring piece of clothing found a fan in Madonna, who wore it in a lot of her albums. She even made it a part of her signature look. It further garnered tons of exposure on silver screen and was part of many iconic films such as Dirty Dancing and Flash Dance. Crop tops conquered the pop culture and became a major part of it all throughout the 90’s. The low rise jeans paired with belly shirts became a classic duo especially in the sector of music and television. Britney Spears too was seen parading around in the same quite often. While they were initially worn during daily workouts with leggings, the crop top progressed to being worn with denim for a casual look.Style guide: Fortunately, styling a crop top isn’t all that demanding as it is quite a versatile piece and each one of us can find a variant to work around with.  Cropped fashion isn’t restricted to the 20 something’s or to the women with washboard abs.  The beauty of it is that it can blend into your business wardrobe as efficiently as it can belong to your vacation travel suitcase. If you aren’t comfortable with taking a leap forward by sporting a short crop, you could always work your way up by taking a shirt or top and giving it a DIY crop makeover by tying it! Full sleeved short tops paired with full skirts are another way of toning down the flash. You could also pair one with a high-waisted pant or knife pleated palazzo and add a blazer to rock that conference at 3 pm at the workplace. “Who’s not a fan of crop tops? It pairs well with high-waisted bottoms. Throw on a shrug to avoid showing off too much (if you want to tone down the look),” shares Sharma. Matching separates like a crop and a skirt with heels and a colour pop sling could have you looking like a million bucks – that too, without having to spend it. Doesn’t it look like it’s time for you to head down to the store and invest in some crop tops now? From functional to fashionableGiven fashion’s fixation on everything mini this year, it was only a matter of time that this completely charming backpack came back marching into our lives with drum rolls. If you are a 90’s kid, you probably remember owning at least one of these bags that was then imprinted with your favourite cartoon character and taking it for a day out at the annual picnic or at the local dance class sessions. What once proudly sat proudly on our study tables is back yet again only looking fresher than ever. The backpack (the bigger version) came into existence in the 1920’s solely as a functional carrier. It was only much later when designers realized that they could transform it from being just functional to being more fashionable and mint money!  The mini backpack gained massive popularity when it materialized on screen in Amy Heckerling’s Clueless in 1995 slung over the shoulder of the fictional Cher and there was no looking back after that. Alicia Silverstone donned one with her plaid miniskirts and knee socks and carried it so well that it became a must-have accessory for everybody.While it did not have a lot of variants back then, today you have a number of varieties to choose from. Ranging from leather goodies to satin to even denim, the mini backpack does not disappoint. This super fun and chic miniature not only can be worn as a backpack but also serves well as a handbag (all you have to do is hold it by its handle on the top!) so yes, you can enjoy the best of two worlds effortlessly. Style guide: Heading for a movie? Take along a mini backpack in a bright shade that stands out, whilst going super casual in denim and a V-neck. You could probably never imagine cocktails and mini backpacks in the same sentence but yes, you could invest in a fancier leather mini backpack handbag and take it for a night out with the girlfriends. It looks good and keeps your hands free to hold your drink easily. While satin backpacks could be taken while shopping, you could resort to the denim ones for game night at the arcade or while cheating on the diet at the pizza parlour. “Not only could you carry them with western outfits but you could even pair a bling-y mini with a sari to a kitty party!” points out Molo. There really is no stopping this fun-sized bag this season, we really advise you to go grab one of these and join the tribe! Also, you’re welcome!  Denim dramaMost of us are positively familiar with how denim came into existence; it worked its way up from being worn solely by labourers to being warmly accepted by the masses. High-waisted denim is a different thing altogether. It was invented in 1940 when brand Levis produced clothing keeping in mind the women working on land and in factories. The particular style allowed them to retain their modesty as they had to bend down to work. In the 60s, Marilyn Monroe donned one with a belt and shirt tucked right in and starred in the movie called The Misfits. You probably don’t need us telling you how well the look was accepted and followed. Most of us still wear it the Monroe way even today. Banavalikar-Kulkarni makes note, “In the 90s, high-waisted jeans were worn with crop tops and that’s come as-is as a trend now. You can just pull over an open shirt for daily wear.”The brand Guess made denim all the more popular with its campaigns starring Claudia Schiffer, Naomi Campbell, Drew Barrymore, and the late Anna Nicole Smith. High-waisted denim is being offered in a lot of different washes and styles which is why most everybody succumbed to the trend. Full speed to 2018 and a quick peep to today’s fashion scenario and you would notice how so many people are embracing the high-waisted trend. Style guide: You really cannot go wrong with this piece of clothing. Not only does it make you look curvier, it also makes you look slimmer, curvy and tall. Easy to wear, and low-maintenance is what makes them a must-have. “Denims emphasize the curves so well; they look graceful,” informs Molo. Wearing a dark wash denim with a white V-neck and some hoops makes you look oh-so-sassy and effortless; throw in some tan handbag and nude blocks and you are ready to kill! Pair it off with a bling bralette and you’ve got your Saturday night OTTN ready! Try heading to the workplace in a pair with a satin floral shirt with these denims and be ready to nail the Friday dressing OOTD!  Majorly monochromeThis is a classic that has seen many versions through the years. Not only did this trend get plenty of space in the Chanel collection of yore but it was also a big time hit with its current design head, Karl Lagerfeld and featured regularly in his collections. The designer liked the winning blend so much that he wears the combination himself. The 60’s went gaga over anything and everything edgy. The black and white optical illusions were a hit. Women went on to adopt the black and white, simple yet stunning pieces and felt that it came equipped with power. Back then, polka dotted dresses paired with hats sold like hot cakes (and polka dots' trend is back again!). Down the eras, designers including Victoria Beckham, Carolina Herrerra were smitten by the monochrome bug too. The 90s saw this trend with a twist. It was not just about the black-and-whites, which themselves were in vogue, but monochrome also caught attention in its coloured version. Ensembles in varying tones of the same colour became a rage. And this trend in monochrome is back this season, with its own twist. “Monochrome in the 90s was more of bright colours, but these days, people have turned to pastels,” informs Banavalikar-Kulkarni.Style guide: “Styling monochrome is quite simple, a little tricky but mostly the end result is nothing short of remarkable,” shares Azmeen. Monochrome does require a thought before but looks really chic and classy once styled in the correct manner. Let’s brave the 2018 summer by keeping it simple in a white shirt and black jeggings and statement accessories like a bold neckpiece or earrings and some chunky bracelets. Black body con dresses worn with white capes make you look like nothing short of a fashion diva. Steer clear of prints and keep it simple as prints could break the look. Bright colours, along with trending pastels, work well for summers; why not wear a monochrome ensemble with a bright and pastel shade in the same colour like pink, blue or green?Text: Ravina SachdevImages: Yogen Shah and Shutterstock																		This season, up your shoe game by choosing the trendiest footwear in town. Here are our picks. So, step up with sculptural heels that will give you just the lift you need. Fall in line, ladies, we give you a list of haute heels to buy. PU leather slingback, Rs 5,999, Zara Leather mules, Rs 14,000, Lanecrawford.com Patent leather pumps, price on request, Balenciaga @ LeMill Recycled polyester slip-ons, Rs 5,999, H&M Leather slingback, price on request, Fendi Elastic heels, Rs 5,999, Charles & Keith Nubuck leather booties, Rs 8,999, Clarks From work to wedding functions, there are multiple moments when one can flaunt ethnic outfits. However, putting together the look requires time and effort, not to mention, going to different shops to buy accessories, shoes, etc that match your outfit. Not anymore. Mohey, the newly-launched website from the house of Manyavar, solves this problem by providing you with all your ethnic wear requirements at one destination. We pick our favourite looks from Mohey and tell you how to get your glam on this season. Designer green sari This pista-coloured sari, with delicate work on the border, is truly eye-catching. The elegant detailing makes it a must-have this season. Style the look with floral drop earrings and a statement ring. Pink sari with golden print This graceful and vibrant sari is a beautiful addition to your wardrobe and can be worn on any festive occasion. Keep your accessories to a minimum—try gold and white jhumkas and a polki ring to enhance the look. Velvet embroidered lehengaThis gorgeous lehenga is ideal for your sangeet or reception function, and will make you stand out in the crowd. The velvet fabric is embroidered with floral motifs, with the contrasting pink dupatta making you look elegant. Wear this outfit with minimal accessories like a golden bracelet and earrings. Yellow sari with golden border Flaunt this summery yellow sari that is simple and graceful and looks good during any occasion. The golden border of this sari adds to its oomph factor. You can team it up with drop earrings and a bracelet. Red bridal lehenga It is a statement outfit for brides-to-be, thanks to its flaming hue and golden motifs. Complete your look with a traditional nose ring and mathapatti. You can also opt for a choker or a statement neckpiece. Mint green suit This mint green suit with golden block prints can glam up your look instantly. The cream layer adds more grace to this outfit, and the matching dupatta and churidar make you look party-ready. Team it up with Mohey designer-wear earrings and a polki bracelet. Block-print sari If you want a more traditional look, opt for this block-print sari in blue that looks good in any draping style. Elegant drop earrings will increase the charm of this look, along with a chunky ring with polki stones. Beige bridal lehengaIf you don’t want to wear a red bridal outfit, this beige lehenga is perfect since it has elements of red only in the dupatta. Team it up with a stonework kamarbandh or waist belt, a ring, bracelet and other bridal accessories like statement earrings, a neckpiece and maang tikka. Navy blue sari This beautiful sari with a dull gold pattern is perfect for an evening soiree; the collared blouse only adding to its style quotient. Team it up with a polki-style statement ring and antique earrings to complete your look. Solid orange sari Another beauty from the Mohey collection, this solid orange drape with simple golden border has a festive vibe. If you plan to tie your hair up in a bun, opt for chandbali earrings that will make your look even more glamorous. Anarkali-style kurtiSummer is here and wearing comfortable, breathable clothes is a must. Keep things causal yet trendy with this anarkali-style kurti that can be worn to office or the mall, and looks amazing when paired with red leggings. To enhance this look, add classic silver studs or a stone-studded ring.																		The Amazon India Fashion Week (AIFW) took place in the capital from March 14 to 18, and put up a spectacular display of the hottest trends to watch out for by some of the country’s top designers. The show had many Bollywood showstoppers as well, who strutted on the ramp in style. We give you a lowdown of some of the best moments on the ramp at this fashion week.Day 1 of AIFW saw a joint show put up by Ashish N Soni and Gauri & Nainika. Vaani Kapoor was the showstopper for both the designers and opened this Bond-themed show with an ivory coloured gown complete with ruffles and net. The gown was by Gauri & Nainika. She also closed the show wearing a sharp tux designed by Ashish N Soni. Day 2 saw designer duo Karishma and Deepa Sondhi display their vibrant collection with Bipasha Basu as the showstopper. Floral detailing stood out in their collection, and Basu in a coral lehenga was the perfect way to close the show. Designer Malini Ramani also presented her collection on Day 2 of the fashion week. Hues of black, white and sand dominated her apparels along with dramatic stripes. Designer Nikasha’s collection was dominated by the gold-foil print on beautiful tones of gold, red and white. From lehengas to sarees to dresses, she displayed something for everyone in her collection.Actor Rhea Chakraborty turned showstopper for designer Rina Dhaka who also showcased her collection on Day 2 of AIFW. She wore a shimmery lace dress paired with suede boots to close the show. Day 3 of Amazon India Fashion Week saw designer Abhi Singh display his collection which consisted of collared dresses in muted tones. Day 4, the last day of AIFW saw designer Shruti Sancheti display layered fashion in her latest collection. There was a explosion of different patterns in her outfits. Designer Kanika Goyal showcased some edgy outfits on the ramp in a mix of pastel and vibrant hues. Designer Priyam Narayan on the other hand stuck to neutral shades of cool blues, lavender, beige, etc in his collection.  Spring’s here and it is time to shun jackets and wear style on your sleeve, quite literally. The hottest trend this season is flaunting statement sleeves, be it bell, puffy, bishop or ruffled. It’s one little detail that can instantly uplift your look and make the monotonous look modern. Max Fashion’s Spring ’18 collection is high on sleeve drama, which is just what we need in our wardrobe.  Ruffle sleevesA white top with ruffle sleeves is the perfect spring outfit that can be perfectly paired with just about anything. You can opt for a denim skirt with suspenders and add a pop of colour with a pair of pink stilettos. Or, wear it with culottes if you want a more breezy look.  Bell sleevesBell sleeves are still the rage and you cannot not have one in your closet. The best part? It is comfortable and fashionable at the same time. Pair a plain bell sleeves top with a printed skirt and accessorise with oversized sunglasses for a casual-chic vibe.  Kimono sleevesIf you want something dressier that can help you go from office to evening look in a jiffy, kimono sleeves is your answer. The floral print adds to its charm and looks best with solid black or white pants. Whether you are looking for a cute top for a date night or something to wear to work, sleeves are the way to add that oomph to any outfit. With so many options to choose from, Max Fashion’s latest collection offers the perfect spring style we need RN.To view the collection, log on to www.maxfashion.com 													Have you ever heard of the Type A and B personality types? We might be able to tell you which type you are, only based on your fashion choices! Yes, it’s really that simple. Take the quiz and find out. 1. You need to make a solid first impression on a blind date. What do you do? a) You head to the mall with a clear idea of what your ensemble will be, with backups in case you don’t find what you’re looking for.b) You look through your closet, pick out clothes that will work, but shop for new accessories that will up the glam. c) You put together a look using your favourites from your closet. The idea of a date is to get to know the real you, right?  2. Which of these phrases best describes your wardrobe?a) Organised and filled with sensible separatesb) Timeless and covering a wide range of stylesc) Eclectic and full of colour 3. How do you usually shop for new clothes or accessories? a) You make a list of things you need and adhere to it strictlyb) You head out with an open mind and buy a few things that you really likec) You buy EVERYTHING you see on impulse! 4. How much time would you say you spend getting ready?a) You’re always the one that’s ready first. You don’t need much time if you know what you’re doing. b) It depends on the occasion. You take minutes for a casual outing but hours for a wedding. c) You’re notoriously (and unapologetically) late because you don’t step out until you’ve changed three times. 5. If you find someone wearing the same outfit as you, how do you react?a) You get annoyed and want to make sure that you’re pulling off the look better than them.b) You’re not a fan of the idea, so you spend the day avoiding being seen next to them.c) You’re #Twinning! This calls for a selfie! Mostly As  Type A Personality: Type As are ambitious and proactive. You love planning ahead and go over and above what is expected of you. The fact that you put so much time and effort into everything you do means that you’re fiercely competitive, and sometimes invite unnecessarily stressful situations. You’ve probably been called a control freak before, and you know the title is well deserved. You pride yourself in your ability to be organised, on time and efficient. Mostly Bs  Somewhere in between: You are all about adapting to circumstances. Falling on neutral ground between competitive and laidback, you are well-adjusted and change your approach based on what is called for. You are capable of being both a fearless leader and a willing team player. When you commit to something, you go all in, but you also know when it’s time to take a step back and detach yourself from a situation.  Mostly Cs  Type B Personality: You’re relaxed and believe in going with the flow. You are the kind of person to stop to smell the roses, and are known to enjoy the little things. People often mistake your laidback nature for inefficiency, but you know you can get things done without stressing yourself out. You’re not so much about the results as you are about the process, which is why you are good at tasks that require creativity and innovation.					Belted sarisThe traditional nine-yards gets a chic makeover with designers streamlining the silhouette at the waist using metallic belts.As seen at: SanjuktaDutta; Shantanu & Nikhil Mighty monochromeEven though it was a summer/resort presentation, designers couldn’t keep themselves off the classic black-and-white-combo. The result—stark monochrome silhouettes cascaded down the catwalk.As seen at: Aikeyah; Shantanu & Nikhil Ruffled upLightweight ruffles in floaty adorned dresses and sleeves and added a dramatic flair to the outfits.As seen at: ShriyaSom; Ashwini Reddy Wrap dressesThese new summer dresses looked effortlessly sexy on the runway. Just remember to keep your look clean and you are good to go.As seen at: NishkaLulla; Verandah Edgy bustierWhen you work hard, it’s gotta show. This season, designers went for bustiers, pairing it with lehenga skirts and flared trousers.As seen at:ShriyaSom; PayalSinghal					80s glamDesigners played with opulence and high-octane glamour to make a shining statement on the runways of Lakme Fashion WeekAs seen at: 431-88, Faguni& Shane Peacock, TarunTahiliani Oversized sleevesThe humble sleeve has raised its game by a notch with exaggerated forms that swallow your hand.As seen at: Asa Kazingmei, Bloni Anti-fit dressesSummer’s staple anti-fit silhouettes are guaranteed to turn heads this season. As seen at: Asa Kazingmei, Vrisa Feathers’80s opulence came hand-in-hand with dramatic plumes and fringes shimmying down the runway.As seen at: Falguni& Shane Peacock, 431-88 Neutral paletteStaying away from bold colours, designers opted for a sombre shade card this season. Think beiges, greiges and nudes.As seen at: Amoh by Jade, Vrisa					Extra long beltsThe street style connoisseur in us came alive at the first sight of this soon to be IT accessory. Extra long belts added just the hint of drama we needed to spruce up our wardrobe. Seen at Dhruv Kapoor, Ritu Kumar, Rara Avis Sheer handloomsAnother constant through most shows we saw were see-through silks and natural fabrics. What more would you ask for in this sweltering tropical climate? Seen at Urvashi Kaur, Amrich, Rara Avis All stripesAll sorts of stripes from pole to pin to mixed graces the runways yesterday. Adding a bit of maturity to experimental silhouttes, looks like the trend is here to stay.Seen at Dhruv Kapoor, GenNext, Ragini Ahuja, Naushad Ali Check me outWindow pane checks, asymmetrical, gingham, recurring occurrences of the classic fabric made us want to deck up our closets in it. Bonus points for sheer checks.Seen at: GenNext, Amrich, Urvashi Kaur, Naushad AliPS: Interesting clash of prints, pair your checks with your stripes for an off the runway look. Shine onfrom trends that we are glad to see again and again, high-shine tops the list. Earthy metallics in fluid silhouettes were at the forefront at Day 1 of Lakmé Fashion Week. Rara Avis takes the cake with superb composition and experimental fabric.Seen at: Dhruv Kapoor, Half Full Curve, Label Ritu Kumar, Rara Avis																		Designers are playing up the sleeve this season and the results are lust-worthy. B-town divas were quick to pick up on this international trend and make it their own. Here are some of our favourites.Sonam Kapoor in Hyun Mi NielsenPriyanka Chopra in Zadig Voltaire													Kriti Sanon in Nikhil Thampi													Kriti Sanon in Madison													Deepika Padukone in Monisha Jaising													Priyanka Chopra in Ester Abner													Sonam Kapoor in Kojak studio													Radhika Apte													Diana Penty in Amit Aggarwal													Kangana Ranut in Tony Ward couture 													The past few years have seen the rise of boudoir dressing, outside the confines of the bedroom and into broad daylight. This trend with its ’90s nostalgia, sensual camisoles, lacy slip dresses and luxe pajamas is becoming a mainstay on the red carpet as celebs worldwide can be seen ditching the gown for these effortlessly cool separates. Channel your femininity in a pair of pajama trousers with details like contrast side piping, in a kimono-styled silk blazer or in a pop-coloured camisole with lace detailing. This is what dreams are made of.Priyanka Chopra in Ester AbnerPriyanka Chopra in Grey Jason Wu Deepika Padukone in Sabyasachi Taapsee Pannu in Little Things Gigi Hadid 													Checks are all the rage right now, but with so many different variants out there, it’s hard to know your tartans from your windowpanes. We demystify the main types so you can pull them off like the women of Bollywood.GinghamGingham is one of the most common variants you can wear. It’s a basic, evenly-sized checkered pattern with no more than two colours. While it’s most commonly used on shirts, you could also pair matching separates like this bandeau-skirt combo on Alia Bhatt.Play with the size of the print for different results, like this mini-check jacket on Bhumi Pednekar.Windowpane checksWindowpane checks are exactly what they sound like – thin, spaced out checks that form a graph-like pattern. Since they’re subtle, they work great when you’re wearing print-on-print, like this checked blouse and striped sari on Jacqueline Fernandez.Vidya Balan sports the thicker variant of the windowpane check in this Kanjeevaram sari.Bend the rules and wear dotted checks instead of stripes like this cropped top on Tamannaah Bhatia.TartanTraditionally used for Scottish kilts, tartan is formed with unequally-sized checks, in two or more colours. Sonakshi Sinha wears a tartan slip dress over a plain white tee for a casual ensemble.This gathered-waist tartan skirt on Sonam Kapoor pays tribute to the original Scot kiln.If you’re looking for something more feminine, this tartan off-shoulder dress on Huma Qureshi is a good place to start. 													If you didn’t know what a coat dress (aka trench dress) was earlier, Priyanka Chopra’s 2017 Met Gala look surely taught you a thing or two. The Ralph Lauren dress (and the train attached to it) that entered our collective conscience last year might be too avant-garde to pull off on an occasion that doesn’t involve a red carpet, but that’s no reason for you to shy away from trying the trend that all of B-Town seems to now be obsessed with. Here’s all the coat dress inspiration you’ll need.Minimal and monochrome were the two keywords for Aditi Rao Hydari in this white Zara coat worn with black booties.													Shilpa Shetty Kundra looks like royalty in this red, fit-and-flare trench dress by Madison.													Match your lipstick with your printed coatdress like Kajol Devgan.													Millennial pink can step aside to make way for hot pink. – Kajal Aggarwal in Plakinger.													For the risqué at heart, play a little peek-a-boo with your lingerie like Rhea Chakraborty.													We’re not quite over the mustard colour trend, and clearly Genelia Deshmukh in Twelve AM:PM agrees.													Flaunt those legs like Parul Gulati in a maroon coat dress by Zara.													A variant of the coat dress is the blazer dress, like this ruffle-detail number by Nishka Lulla on Rakul Preet Singh													Sonakshi Sinha mixes it up with a solid, longline wrap coat over an embellished top, by Nikita Mhaisalkar.													Add some colour with a belt or skirt underneath, or both, like Surveen Chawla in Madison (jacket) and Cover Story (skirt). 													The fashion world never seems to run out of ways to make shoulder-show uber chic. From cold to off to one, there are tons of ways to flaunt your shoulders and look fab while you’re at it. One-shoulder outfits in particular are a simple detail that can transform your ordinary look to a truly red carpet-worthy ensemble. Here is some inspiration from Bollywood’s finest on how you can pull off the trend. Kriti Sanon shows you how it is done in a black red-carpet ensemble. Anushka Sharma sticks to her classic style in a Falguni & Shane Peacock outfit. The Kapoor sisters give us major twinning goals in their monochrome outfits. Esha Gupta looks sharp in a Monsoori gown. Mandira Bedi flaunts her chiseled clavicle in a Swapnil Shinde outfit. Aditi Rao Hydari does modern androgyny in a deconstructed shirt and flared trousers. 													Minimalism had a good run, but it’s now time to stash your delicate trinkets away. In case you didn’t get the memo, maximalism is the new buzzword in fashion. It’s no secret that Bollywood loves its baubles, and the women of B-town have been quick to embrace this trend. Here’s our round up of Bollywood’s most lust-worthy jewellery looks.Earrings that graze your bare shoulders can make quite the statement, as demonstrated by Katrina Kaif in Outhouse Jewellery													Sonakshi Sinha in Anomaly by Anam proves that cartilage earrings don’t always have to be dainty. 													Also, there is no such thing as too many rings. Exhibit A – Sonakshi in Satyani Fine Jewels.													Really, when it comes to rings, the bigger the better – Priyanka Chopra in Isharya													When in doubt, just pick antique silver – Kanika Kapoor in Amrapali Jewels													Sonam Kapoor in Mother of Pearl proves that pearls, in any form, are a classic.													And that casual ensembles are no excuse to leave the glam behind.													Don’t shy away from colour. Shraddha Kapoor in Valliyan by Nitya Arora drives the point home.													And if you can’t choose, wear ‘em all. – Parineeti Chopra in Ritika Sachdeva, Amrapali Jewels and Aquamarine Jewellery 													The new season calls for new sartorial risks, which will take your style game up a notch. Here’s a bright idea. Why don’t you expand your wardrobe palette with fresh, vibrant separates? And while you are doing that, throw the colour mixing rulebook out the window, because this season is all about riotous colour clashes. B-town ladies show you how to give an ultra-colourful update to style.Gold and silverSonam Kapoor in Hemang AgrawalPink and redAlia Bhatt in Dolce & GabbanaYellow and greenAlia Bhatt in Raw MangoPurple and pinkKangana Ranaut in a Dior dress and Prada coatInky blue and midnight blackAishwarya Rai Bachchan in Gauri and Nainika													Pink and burgundyJacqueline Fernandez in a cropped jumper and trousers 													Yellow and pinkSonam Kapoor in Zoe ChampionMagenta and plumDeepika Padukone in Prabal Gurung 													Our favourite B-town divas are experimenting with daring silhouettes and new-season embellishments this season. We curate the best ensembles that our leading ladies flaunted this weekend.Kriti Sanon in Zara Umrigar. 													Vaani Kapoor in Ziad Nakad.													Jacqueline Fernandez in Stephane Rolland.													Daina Penty in Alpana Neeraj. 													Manushi Chillar in Falguni & Shane Peacock.													Neha Dhupia in Gaurav Gupta.													Pooja Hegde in Charbel Karam.													Yami Gautam in Zara Umrigar.													Huma Qureshi in Monsoori.Sonam Kapoor in Atelier Zuhra. 													Kareena Kapoor Khan in Galia Lahav.Katrina Kaif in Jean Paul Gaultier.Sridevi in Ziad Nakad.Esha Gupta in Nikhil Thampi.													Alia Bhatt in Needle & Thread.													Deepika Padukone in Gauri & Nainika. 													Bhumi Pednekar in Nikhil Thampi. “The Fossil Q Gen 3 does everything a smartwatch should while looking as gorgeous as it does,” says actor Shruti Haasan, who loves everything about this smartwatch. According to Shruti, this watch is just like her and goes well with her glamorous and free-spirited personality. The actor identifies with Fossil Q Gen 3 for its simple yet tech-savvy features like activity and sleep trackers, touchscreen display, Bluetooth support and notification alerts for mails, messages, social media, etc. Like her, the watch is simple yet chic.The best part, however, is that this smartwatch is custom-made for women and is available in rose-gold colour, which is a hot favourite. From the strap to the dial, Fossil has paid attention to make it look trendy and elegant. Irresistible features like music control, battery life of up to 24 hours, LED flashlight and water-resistant make it a must-have for every woman. What more, this smartwatch is compatible with Android 4.3+ and iOS 9+ devices, and is recommended by Shruti herself. Here’s what she has to say about Fossil Q Gen3 smartwatch.  Q&A with Shruti HaasanOn Fossil: There’s a sense of belonging you feel with certain brands since it defines you and fits you perfectly. That’s the feeling I get when I think of Fossil. It resonates with my style—a little bit of love and a whole lot of vintage. On Fossil Q Gen 3: I love geeking out on tech advancements! The Gen 3 does everything a smartwatch should while looking as gorgeous as it does. I’m hardly ever without my phone, and I’m usually in a tizzy when I can’t find it. The watch has been a lifesaver in such situations. I’ve also checked emails, notifications, sent tiny and quick messages, used my phone’s music app, and controlled phone calls. It’s pretty much my mini phone. I’ve almost abused the selfie feature. I’m constantly taking pictures of my friends, family and self. There’s a lot more I’ve to learn about the watch, but for now, this is what I generally use it for. On smartwatch options for women: I was thrilled to find out that there were real options for women’s watches and not just smaller dials and pink straps. We have been given real choices and not looked upon as an afterthought. I’ve always loved rose gold-coloured jewellery and watches, so it’s just that much better for me! There’s just so much more to explore when it comes to the world of Fossil women’s smartwatches. Why Shruti recommends this watch to others: I love how the watch seems to play with the user, just as much as the user plays with the watch. That’s what makes it so unique. So, yes, definitely recommending this to everyone I know. I think it also would make an ideal first-time watch. The user interface is simple and the variety of straps and dial settings are immense. One word that defines Fossil Q Gen 3: 'Me' That’s the first thing I thought of when I put the watch on my wrist. This watch is in tune with my lifestyle, and who I am as a person. I think that’s the same thought most people who use the watch will have.Buy this smartwatch on Flipkart 													It’s been several months since the off-shoulder trend made a comeback on the runways but going by its popularity among celebrities (and everyone else!), we can safely say that it is here to stay.Disha Patani’s off shoulder look will take you straight to a ballroomA tease with the off-shoulder gameWe adore this dramatic off-shoulder look!Shruti keeps it casual yet classy with her top Huma’s fun attire is perfect for every mood A pop of contemporary to the traditional with the trend is a must!Sonakshi Sinha’s breezy white top is perfect for a beach vacay. Take a cue from Kriti's off-shoulder lehenga to up your fashion game. 													 Malaika Arora Khan takes to the streets of NYC in this crop top with bell sleeves.  Sridevi’s daughter Khushi rocks this beautiful blouse with intricate work and a matching lehenga. Ileana D’Cruz is winning hearts in this delicate bikini with ruffles. Parineeti perfects the flower power dress with bell sleeves. This fusion crop top is cute AF! Shraddha adds a pop of colour to her grey off-shoulder with the floral embroidery. Trust Sonam Kapoor to up the style quotient of any outfit with her innate fashion sense. 													The final day of Amazon India Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2018 gave an indication of what’s going to impact your sartorial choices in spring and summer. Take a look. RufflesSpring catwalks around the world are cascading with ruffles and the Capital wasn’t an exception. While Rina Dhaka included the frilly detail in her saris, kurtas and dresses at the finale, Ashish N Soni juxtaposed them on clean and classic silhouettes to make his ready-to-wear line look young, fun and sensuous. Flash dance shoulderThis is an evolution of the off shoulder trend. Designer Sulakshana Monga adapted the peekaboo treatment for her clothes, flash dance or the ‘accidental’ shoulder show that reveals a little flesh without showing too much was a predominant trend. Monga used Half-on, half-off tops and dresses with single ruffled shoulders exposing only a slice of skin. If you wear this, keep the rest of the outfit simple and let your shoulder do the talking. Sheer fabricSheer fabrics such as chiffon, tulle, mesh, organza and chanderi have been summer staples for long and they made an impactful appearance on the runway at the Amazon India Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2018. From hemlines, tops with sheer insets, skirts and dresses at Monga’s to sheer in Indian wear--embellished sheer lehengas and blouses and saris at the Suneet Varma’s show--the trend was ubiquitous. Traditional embroideryIndian culture and craftsmanship were both profusely showcased on the ramp via traditional motifs and intricate embroideries. From thread embroidery at Pankaj and Nidhi, Krishna Mehta and Charu Parashar to intricate zardozi embroidery seen at Suneet Varma’s show, this ethnic element is here to stay though the silhouettes may vary from western contemporary to Indian.  													With Amazon India Fashion Week Spring-Summer 2018 almost drawing to a close, it was time for some of the fashion industry's best known names to showcase their collections.Anju Modi's line titled Swadeshi was a tribute to heritage designs in khadi with a contemporary twist, like tie-and-dye and asymmetric cuts.Madhu Jain displayed her expertise in juxtaposing different weaves, motifs and textile traditions of the country.Payal Jain celebrated her 25 years in the industry with a collection that's purely an ode to her muse Frida Kahlo and her paintings. Jain had got her friends and family and actor Vaani Kapoor to walk the ramp in her creations.Kavita Bhartia remained true to her love for femininity in the form of pretty florals, summer hues and geometric prints.Shivan & Narresh packed all razzle dazzle in their line of swimwear, dresses and saris with prints inspired by Japanese artist Araki’s works.Huemn's collection had a fearless aesthetic appropriate to counter the dystopian world we live in. Reconstructed shirts, up-cycled denims and hooded jackets were some of the key pieces.Dhruv Kapoor showcased a collection that strives to break stereotypes with an interplay of relaxed fabric, interesting patchwork and motifs, and costume design.  Kavita Bhartia presented her line A Diary of Flowers at AIFW SS18 Day 4Feminine hues, floral motifs ad geometric patterns found their way in Kavita Bhartia's collection Madhu Jain presents her AIFW SS18 lineVeteran designer Madhu Jain's collection displays her strengths in th sphere of craft and textile revival. Fashion for a dystopian world in Huemn's Spring-Summer line for AIFW SS18Designers Pranav Misra and Shyma Shetty make a fashion and political statement with their eclectic line Dhruv Kapoor marries bling with fabric in a muted tone to stunning effect.Each outfit in the Dhruv Kapoor line for AIFW SS18 challenges stereotypes with eclectic pairing of various elements. Detailed skein motifs, and lush flowers inspired by Japanese artist, Araki, in Shivan and Narresh's AIFW SS18 line.Shivan and Narresh presented the Araki series for AIFW SS18. A model in a khadi outfit by Anju Modi.Anju Modi celebrated 25 years in the fashion industry with a Swadeshi collection in khadi. Payal Jain celebrated 25 years in fashion at AIFW SS18.Actor Vaani Kapoor was the striking showstopper for Payal Jain's line celebrating her 25 years in fashion. Vein by EKRU by Ekta and Ruchira. Ikebana by Bhanuni by Jyoti. Abhi Singh presents Barcode at AIFW SS18 Day 4. 													Day four of Amazon India Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2018 saw an abundance of clashing prints, all-white ensembles, dramatic hemlines and statement sleeves. Here’s a round up of the trends that is sure to get your attention: Shades of whiteMany shades of white were spotted on the runway. They offered a stark contrast to the multitude of prints and colours. From Madhu Jain, Kavita Bhartia to Abhi Singh and Ekta Jaipuria and Ruchira Kandhari paired white with white in their collections. If you’re not big on white-on-white, add a few loose fitted casual styles from Payal Jain, frilly and flirty skirts from Kavita Bhartia or a few traditional cotton kurtas from Madhu Jain to your wardrobe and mix and match it with other colours. Shirts under spaghetti strapsStylistas Kim Kardashian and Kendall and Kylie Jenner have been doing this for a while now and designers Dhruv Kapoor and Abhi Singh seemed to have got the drift. Models sashayed down the ramp wearing risqué spaghetti dresses and tank tops over shirts in different sizes and shapes. So ladies, it’s time to bring out your slinky dresses. Print on printThe runway saw an abundance of clashing patterns and prints, proving that this trend for the brave will be big in the upcoming season. While Shivan and Narresh had matching top and bottom sets with prints boasting of forest sights, Dhruv Kapoor matched ditsy florals with vintage prints. Exaggerated sleevesThis is one of the biggest trends for spring summer. And there are so many different types of statement sleeves to suit different types of arms. From billowy bell shaped, ultra long and oversized to ruffled, cinched at the wrist to exaggerated cuffs, there’s enough to last you more than one season. Asymmetrical hemlinesEverything isn’t straight and narrow for summers, designers played with geometry and courted the asymmetrical hemlines in myriad ways. Anju Modi brought the mullet back in fashion—her kurtas had hemlines that were short at the front and long in the back. Meanwhile, Kavita Bhartia, Dhruv Kapoor and Bhanuni by Jyoti experimented with the handkerchief hemline.																		Summery trenches, feminine florals, restrained monochromes and classic plaids, were trending on day 3 of Amazon India Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2018.  Lay the trenchesThe summer trench coat is going to be one wardrobe classic in the coming season. The classic trench coat was exquisitely upgraded with thread embroidery by Payal Pratap, deconstructed and made feminine with floral prints by Shruti Sancheti and kept sombre with single tones by Pallavi Dhyanee. Flower powerFloral prints are no longer a surprise for summer, but next season brings big blossoms in all kinds of styles as seen at Shruti Sancheti, Payal Pratap and Pallavi Singhee shows. Pratimaa Pandey, however, used it judiciously by decorating the hems and necklines with floral embroidery. Black and white worldMonochrome is one of the strongest trends this spring summer season. Designers Abraham & Thakore, Rajesh Pratap Singh and Medha Khosla of Anomaly championed the stark black and white contrast. The two shades were interpreted in abstract and clashing prints, stripes and panels. Get creative and work the trend by opting for block separates, a monochrome dress or a monochrome print.  Woven handloomsWoven handlooms are clearly the fabric of the future. With sustainable fashion topping the agenda of most designers, an urban sensitivity was introduced to the fabric. From clean, minimalist work wear to luxurious day and evening wear, handlooms found an easy expression in the spring summer lines of Anomaly, Rajesh Pratap Singh, Abraham and Thakore and Payal Pratap.  Plaid and simplePlaids had a major moment on the runaway of day 3. Checked patterns have been a winter favourite for long, but designers such as Payal Pratap, and Teresa Liasom and Utsav Pradhan of Munkee See and Munkee Do and Pallavi Dhyani gave it fun and colourful interpretation for spring. But Rajesh Pratap Singh decided to keep it staid by taking the conventional way for his shirts, jackets and trousers.																		The collections showcased on day 2 of Amazon India fashion Week SS/18 seemed to have comfort on the top of their priority list. From billowy silhouettes and wide-leg pants to utilitarian jumpsuits and bomber jackets, there was adequate inspiration for girl-next-door. The new bomberDesigner Aarti Vijay Gupta combined sports luxe with her signature quirky prints and easy anti-fit silhouettes. We spotted the printed and fitted bomber jacket, casually thrown over long tees, kurtas and dresses.  Wide-leg pantsRoomy trousers stood out as a dominant trend on the runway. The new, sometimes flared and at other times straight and sometimes with slits was worn with almost everything from shirts and kurtas to dresses. The baggy pants leave about enough room for your legs to not stick to the fabric in summer months. We liked the ones we saw on the runway at Ikai, Patine and Love Bird’s shows.   StripesThe predominant pattern at the Amazon India Fashion Week, this season was the ubiquitous stripes – big, bold, subtle, horizontal, and vertical and in all shapes and sizes. While Ragini Ahuja explored stripes in all its avatars from bold to zig zag, Love Birds and Aarti Vijay Gupta resorted to subtle versions. Billowy silhouettesThis one-size-fit-all trend comes as good news for all Indian women on the heavier side. It is evident from the ramp that designers paid enough attention to the fact that some women need more relaxed styles. Our top picks are the ant-fit dresses seen in Love Birds’s show, the jackets, kurtas and cropped tops in Ragini Ahuja’s collection and the loose, free-flowing tops and dresses from Rina Dhaka’s new line.  Reinvented jumpsuitsDesigner Ashish N Soni expressed his signature creativity in his spring summer line that also marked his 25th year in the industry. He gave the utilitarian jumpsuit an interesting spin by adding to it dramatic saree pallu drapes. This season, wear the reinvented jumpsuit to the formal evening parties and watch heads turn.																		Warm weather may be months away but comfortable, fuss-free clothes are always on our mind. Who doesn’t wish to get into easy-breezy outfits and hit the outdoors? To help you make sound fashion decisions, we have put together some runway trends from the ongoing Amazon India Fashion Week SS/18 that you can actually wear in real life. From exaggerated lines, metallic hints to bright candy colours, Day 1 had all the inspiration you need for your summer wardrobe. Take a look.Metallic hintsIt's always a good time to be experimental. A good way to add fun and excitement to your wardrobe is to introduce metallic hints to your outfits or accessories. Rimzim Dadu infused metallic hues in silver, gold and blue into her range of re-imagined saris, sculpted statement tops jackets and skater dresses. If you aren’t sure of metallic outfits, begin with accessories. A hint of metallic is sure to get you noticed. Sorbet coloursPassionate pastels or sorbet shades have been making quite a wave on international runways and they made a strong appearance in Anupama Dayal’s show. She used lilacs, lavender, melons and sunset hues on gossamer and light fabrics such as chiffons and Chanderis. A deviation from the pop and neon colours, these shades will add a breath of fresh air to your summer wardrobe. Shoulder obsessionFashion’s fascination with shoulders rages on. The off-shoulder trend manifested itself in Samant Chauhan’s Victorian gowns and Anupama Dayal’s playful jumpsuits. Rock the trend by adding your own clever twists to it--sport the silhouette on your top and pair it with skirts and pants or go the traditional way by teaming a sari with the top. Athleisure boomWearing workout gear as a part of your casual outfit is the new in thing. Nida Mahmood fused age-less Indian art from around the country onto sporty silhouettes to create an athlesiure range in collaboration with active lifestyle brand Deivee. There were cycling shorts, leggings and running saris strutting down the ramp. Oversized ruffle collarsRuffle collars bring to mind images of the erstwhile queens of England. The aristocratic ruffle collar made a comeback in the Indigofera collection by Schulen Fernandes for Wendell Rodricks. They added a sharp colour contrast and an element of intrigue to fluid silhouettes. Outfit topperJackets in varying lengths are the current flavour of the season and are expected to enjoy the exalted status in the next season too. While JJ Valaya used long jackets with streamlined silhouettes over traditional saris, anarkalis and lehenga cholis, the brand Aureole paired hand woven cropped jackets and shrugs with dresses for maximum impact in its show.					Day 4 had some stellar shows by ace designers Anju Modi and Rahul Mishra. From classic silhouettes to traditional embroideries and from understated elegance to new age detailing, there was no dearth of fashion inspiration. Here’s what reigned the ramp. Floral storyThe floral story this season is whimsical, elegant and rooted to tradition. Rahul Mishra used resham threads to recreate intricate floral motifs of the Mughal era and mixed them with geometric and abstract patterns, giving them a contemporary twist. Anju Modi too followed the historical route and brought alive floral patterns from Rajasthan. Perfectly imperfect hemlinesAnju Modi added a bohemian yet sophisticated touch to her ensembles by introducing uneven hemlines on her long kurtas. The quintessentially laid-back style lent a certain nonchalance to her classic designs. Single outSingle-hue styles are not only figure-flattering but also make you look taller, so we were happy to spot the monochrome trend in both Anju Modi and Rahul Mishra’s collections.High timeAt the Rahul Mishra show, models sashayed down the ramp in high slit column kurtas paired with flared trousers and lehengas. The waist high slits made the outfits look edgy, contemporary and regal—all at once.Velvet touchAs far as fabrics go, nothing looks as rich and sophisticated as velvet. And Anju Modi, a costume revivalist known for her opulent creations, used it as a canvas for her Kishangarh inspired art work in lehengas, kurtas and jackets. If you aren’t the kind to wear an entire velvet outfit, then throw in a dupatta or a jacket tor a chic, dignified look. From vintage embroideries, unusual colour palette to fringe and ruffle detailing, Day two and three of the India Couture Week, 2017, had ample inspiration for brides-to-be. We handpick a few must-have styles.  Black is the new redThe colour black made a strong appearance on the runway. We saw it in Tarun Tahiliani’s sarees and floor length anarkalis and in Manav Gangwani’s ensembles too. This colour is here to stay for sure. Straight from the shoulder The focus on the shoulders, continues in this season too. Be it single, off or cold shoulders, designers Shyamal and Bhumika, Manav Gangwani and Reynu Taandon courted them with panache in their respective collections.Ruffle romanceThe quintessential European element—ruffles can be a part of Indian attires too proved designers Shyamal and Bhumika and Manav Gangwani. We loved the ruffles on blouses, gowns and saree edges.A long shotLong jackets provided a structured contrast to billowy lehengas in Reynu Taandon’s collection and added an edge of understated glamour to the classic silhouettes of Shyamal and Bhumika and Manav Gangwani.Fringe benefitsThis fun detailing can add drama and femininity to almost any look. So, we weren’t surprised when they found their way into Indian outfits. From paper shred fringes on blouses and lehenga hems at Tarun Tahiliani show to the fringe-finished sarees and dupattas in Manav Gangwani’s collection, they seemed to be ubiquitous. Day one of India Couture Week 2017 started off to a great start with ace couturiers Anamika Khanna and Rohit Bal showcasing their opulent collections. While Khanna chose to go the international way by putting up an installation of her collection "Happily Ever After" where buyers could touch and feel the clothes, Bal left no stone unturned in putting up a stunning show for his collection "Shahaan-e-Khaas". Here are a few trends that we rounded up for you. Capes take centre stageLast year cape blouses over lehengas made a strong appearance on the ramp. This year, Bal consolidates the purpose of a cape as an essential outerwear by layering it over blouses and lehengas and anarkalis.White is always rightMove over reds and maroons to make way for ivory, which was a dominant colour in both Khanna and Bal’s collections.Versatile separates rule the game Individuality and creativity will make your wedding ensemble stand out and this is what Khanna strongly believes in. Her collection had versatile statement pieces that the bride can mix and match to create a look to complement her mood and personality.The past aligns with the presentBoth Khanna and Bal brought alive the rich craft and heritage of India by reviving age-old zardozi metal and fine thread work on clothes with contemporary form and structure. Most of the pieces were deeply rooted in tradition yet had a global appeal.Sheer fun with fabricsKeeping in mind that the modern bride values comfort over customs, the designers experimented with lightweight sheer fabrics. Mom jeans: Swap these for a well-fitted pair of flared denims  Chokers: Say goodbye to this ’90s staple if you haven’t already   Cold shoulders and off-shoulders: It’s time to turn the spotlight somewhere else   Mirrored sunglasses: Enough of tripping over this  Fringes: They need to go, now!   Flower crowns: Leave them at Coachella please Crop tops: Yawn  Athleisure everything: Sports bras belong in the gym  Fur slippers: They don’t give us that fuzzy feeling anymore  Innerwear inspired outwear: Sorry Kendall  via GIPHY High fashion to you is all about layering  Every time you put on a fancy jacket…  You can never leave home without piling on those accessories and yes, you want to grow old to become Iris Apfel  You love your healthy share of bling   Lady Gaga is your style twin   Stacked bracelets and bangles were your thing even before they were A THING   Your reaction when someone says you’ve got too much going on  Your heart is stuck in the ’80s   You find clashing patterns oddly satisfying   Your squad totally gets your ‘more is more’ philosophy via GIPHY 													Girls have a love-hate relationship with heels. We start hating them the moment we put them on. But heels have their own advantages—they make us look taller, give shape to our legs and posterior and we instantly feel glamorous. However here are few problems that every girl understands when she is wearing heels for too long:You want to look like this And do this  But after a few minutes you end up doing this You wished you looked this sexy while doing everyday chores But instead, this is what happens When you go to a party looking all hot and sexy in the beginning, at then you walk back home like this You want to feel like a goddess when you are dancing But you end up getting to the dance floor like this And then your whole life falls apart when you see this. What kind of sorcery is this. Well, love it or hate it there’s no living without it.  As the growing popularity of cruise shows indicates, between Instagram-worthy beach escapes, destination weddings and glamping, resort fashion has indeed come a long way. Whether you’re reclining on sun loungers or cruising over gorgeous landscapes in a hot air balloon, there’s no excuse to look sloppy anymore, especially when you travel. While the island state of mind is just that—a state of mind—the allure of a glorious coverup, a feather-light kaftan or one of those hand-woven, basket totes is real, palpable and, suddenly, everywhere.  Spring/summer 2017 runways are proof that resortwear can go well beyond throw-on-and-go pieces. Take Miu Miu’s retro Italy-inspired collection, which comprise a line of ruched bikinis, patterned robe-style dresses and teensy twinsets, accompanied by embossed pool slides and appliqued swim caps. Miuccia Prada understands the value of a chic escape. “It’s a celebration of summer and its pleasures,” she mused during the post-show interview. Dolce & Gabbana also sought inspiration from the Italian tropics for its covered sundresses, bralets and miniskirts in fun prints (think pasta, seafood and gelato). The show venue even had a counter serving fresh tender coconut water and models strutted down the runway to the rhythms of the tarantella. Giorgio Armani presented a line of slouchy bloomers, sheer cover-ups and short suits, featuring painterly prints and tassels—just what we need for those soirées under the stars. The accessories followed suit; the flatforms at Prada and Chloé would make for stylish accoutrements on a holiday. For their spring/summer 2017 collection, Delhi-based designer duo Hemant and Nandita elevated holiday basics like swimsuits, shorts, crop tops and sarong-esque skirts using Victorian ruffles and vibrant print play. Nishka Lulla set out to reinvent the pantsuit, working with softer fabrics and delicate embellishments to transform it into a resort essential. Lulla says, “I used lightweight, everyday materials like cotton and tulle in relaxed comfy silhouettes, with frills and flounces thrown in for good measure.” Aparna Badlani, curator and co-owner of multi-designer boutique Atosa, Mumbai, has long recognised the potential of well-made resortwear. “At a point when destination weddings are such a huge phenomenon, the category is finally getting its due,” she says. If there’s one image that captures the exquisite charm of travel, it’s got to be that of actor and socialite Talitha Getty hanging out on the terrace of her Marrakech home, immortalised by photographer Patrick Lichfield in the late ’60s.  It even inspired Yves Saint Laurent to design a line of kaftans that he called Une Passion Marocaine. Designer and TV personality Nicole Richie, who has a perpetual vacation vibe about her, best embodies this spirit today. Her style reminiscent of LA’s boho-luxe aesthetic from the ’60s and the ’70s. Whether it’s through pictures of Taylor’s Swift’s glamorous squad chilling together on a yacht or Olivia Palermo and beau Johannes Huebl’s romantic romp in Greece, travel continues to fire our imagination and inform fashion in the most powerful ways.  Much like with eveningwear, building a bankable resortwear wardrobe takes work. “Start with the basics and build from there. Think kaftans, palazzos, shorts, day dresses and strappy sandals,” says Badlani. According to Lulla, the trick is to invest in lightweight, versatile separates that can be paired with other items from your wardrobe. “Take, for instance, bustiers that you can wear on the beach or with high-waisted bottoms for a night out,” she says. It’s always a good idea to mix luxe pieces with exotic finds from local boutiques and markets to create a look that is uniquely yours. Bon voyage!					via GIPHYYou may deny it now but, Aishwarya Rai-Bachchchan has to have been your woman crush atleast once in your lifetime. We’ve all celebrated when she won the Miss World title, swooned when she danced to ‘Nimbooda Nimbooda’, tracked every detail of her exclusive wedding affair and now totally adore her daughter, Aradhya Bachchan. She gave us #beautygoals, #closetgoals and now, #familygoals. As she celebrated her decade-long marriage with Abhishek Bachchan, we look back at 10 times when the actor made us fall in love with her style: Every time she made an appearance at the Cannes red carpet.via GIPHY When she played our very own desi Elizabeth Bennet in Bride and Prejudicevia GIPHY When she looked every bit perfect in her Bengali bride avatarvia GIPHY When we danced to her tunes in Umrao Jaanvia GIPHY The time when she looked like the queen she is in Jodhaa Akbarvia GIPHY Is there anything that she can do without looking perfect?via GIPHY The time when these two gave us #couples goals at Koffee with Karan.via GIPHY Everytime she owned talk shows with her quick wit and looked gorgeous doing thatvia GIPHY She nails every outfit she wears and we totally love her charm. Belated happy Anniversary! via GIPHY All our life, we have been taught that wearing a well-fitted bra can enhance your body shape, not make your breasts sag and in general, help you conquer the world (if you believe all those innerwear advertisements). But have you ever thought what the world would be like if you didn't have to wear one. For starters, it will let your breasts free—you won’t be constricted by two straps and the pesky hook that’s constantly poking your shoulders and back. We have listed a few more benefits of not wearing a bra everybody: The sense of freedomIt’s like going back home and removing your bra so that you can finally breathe—but now you don’t have to because well, WTH!via GIPHYOff-shoulder tops are totally your thing.You don’t have to worry about your bra strap showing anymore.via GIPHYPersonal comfort wins over other people’s stares.Well, why not! via GIPHYYou become an avid supporter of free the nipple momentGirl power!via GIPHYPlus you get to wear one less layer during summerAnd that’s just pure bliss.via GIPHY Siddhartha Tytler This season, Designer Siddhatha Tytler showcased his collection in dark mood inspired by the after-life. He used fabrics like velvet neoprene, lycra georgettes and techniques of metal hardware, laser cutting for his collection. He also collaborated with famous accessories designer Diego Montoya, who designed heavily embellished masks for the show.     Ashima Leena Designer Ashima Singh showcased her Charukesha collection at Amazon India Fashion Week. The collection was inspired by blue pottery and Shiva's jatadhari edifice that visually reflected in the collection. Overall, the collection was a mix of sculptured skirts, pashmina blouses, tribal gilets and asymmetric kurtas.     Anju Modi This year, the fashion week was all in support of 'Make in India' concept and designer Anju Modi showcased her Neelambar collection of India's textile heritage. The models were seen wearing Needledust juttisâ€”that were hand crafted in India. While, Dangal fame actress Sakshi Tanwar turned showstopper and added extra charm to the show.     Shivan & Narresh Swimwear designers, Shivan & Narresh redefined the legendary painter Egon Shciele's work at the show. Their collection was a celebration of his works featuring landscapes, riversides to contorted human figures.  ''Our designs have largely catered to day lifestyles and this season we moved to the more evening & opulent part of holidays & destination weddings. Hence, the details & surfaces became key to the collection,'' said Shivan Bhatiya in a statement.     Malini Ramani Designer, Malini Ramani showcased her collection Nomad which was bold and tribal. The collection was a mix of bohemian vibes with embroidered capes, block printed dresses, kaftans and saris.     Wendell Rodricks Schulen Fernandes, creative head for Wendell Rodricks showcased The Cubist Rose collection at AIFW. This is her second collection and this year, it celebrated the rose in a cubist avatar. It was in hues of reds, oranges, pinks and teal green, nude. The collection interpreted rose in various forms of layering, design techniques and flowing fabrics.      Alia Bhatt turned up the cute factor in this Garfield shirt dress for a recent outing. If you love her look as much as we do read on to know where you can find your favourite characters on the coolest clothes.      Only X Garfield Who doesn’t love the lasagna-loving, Monday-hating kitty, Garfield! Fast-fashion brand Only is paying tribute to the iconic character with its latest Girl & Paw collection. This limited-edition capsule features graphic tees, knee-cut sweats, PU pants, button-ups, shirt dresses and denim pinafores on the theme. We are already on the prowl for this one.    Hidesign X Beauty and the Beast  Just ahead of the release of this year’s most anticipated live-action film, Beauty and the Beast, Disney has collaborated with Hidesign to launch a limited edition range of bags and wallets. The much-loved characters appear as subtle patchwork on Hidesign’s sumptuously textured leather products. We love!     Max X Star Wars  The high-street brand brings alive the magic of Star Wars and its iconic characters with a cool, casual collection. Get set to sport Darth Vader, Stormtroopers, Master Yoda and others on your crop tops, long tees, sweatshirts and tank tops. These are just too cool for school. Abaya is an outer garment worn by Muslim women. It also called burqa in certain countries. This garment is a long robe or cloak, which covers the body except for head, feet, and hands. The traditional abayas are black in colour. But now, these abayas have now got a fashion makeover.    The women, who are style savvy women and love to boast the tradition and trend can try the updated versions. We got in touch with LimeRoad's fashion stylist, Rina S Walia to talk about the new styles:   1. Denim love The long denim abaya is the best for the all-denim look. This can be paired with printed or solid cotton head scarf for any easy outdoor look. Add a pop of colour, by carrying a neon sling bag.    2. Pick the Pleats Pleats are always going to be on trend. Try a black one with colourful pleats at the bottom. Complete the look with a pair of pumps and a black sling bag.     3. Pretty pastels Pastel shades have become the talk of the town. Try a beautiful pastel pink abaya as the go-to attire for days when you want to look effortlessly stylish.    4. Cape Craze Capes are totally ruling the ramps this season. Don't lag! Wear a cape abaya and tune up your feminine charm. It's perfect for summer day outs.     (Abaya images: Limeroad.com)  Gabriela Hearst: Gabriela Hearst is a true-blue Instagram success story. Her creation, the Nina bag, became an Instagram phenomenon after it was spotted with Buro247 founder Miroslava Duma. Follow her on Instagram to see her luxe line, her fashionable outings, and of course the covetable Nina bagPhotograph: www.instagram.com/gabrielahearst  Misha Nonoo: Misha Nonoo’s eponymous label is for the Insta-generation. She is the first runway designer to debut her spring/summer 2016 collection on Instagram instead of New York Fashion Week. Follow this designer on Instagram to get your daily dose of all things stylish.Photograph: www.instagram.com/mishanonoo  Victoria Beckham: This designer needs no introduction. With a whopping Instagram follower count of 14 million, her handle captures everything from her personal style to her adorable family and her beautiful line of luxe separates.Photograph: www.instagram.com/victoriabeckham   Rebecca Minkoff: The designer is known for her covetable line of accessories, shoes and bags. Her Instagram account gives a day-to-day update of her boho-chic handbags, glamourous accessories and cool street-style photographs. Photograph: www.instagram.com/rebeccaminkoff   Clare Waight Keller: Her Instagram account is the embodiment of the true Chloé girl—a free-sprited traveler with a generous sprinkling of romanticism. Follow her as she travels around the world and posts exclusive Chloé updates. Photograph: www.instagram.com/ clarewaightkeller From summer weddings to glorious soirees under the stars, our wardrobes are sorted thanks to these brand new collections.  The Udaipur Collection, Sabyasachi We can’t seem to get enough of the designer’s summer couture collection for 2017 that has just been launched exclusively on Instagram.  “Rajasthan has always been a very potent inspiration for the brand. Royal heritage, colours and crafts and the history of the land itself has fascinated me for the longest time,” says the designer about his latest line. The pastel lehengas and saris have been rendered in fine muslins, silks, organzas and khadi and feature exquisite zardozi, naqashi and tilla work as well as European flora and fauna prints. We’ve just got to get our hands on these regal beauties.   The Denim Collection, Masaba  We’ve been waiting for this line to be launched from the time we caught a glimpse of it on Sonam Kapoor about a month ago (remember the glorious denim sari?). The designer’s first denim line turns the idea of denim on the head by refashioning the ubiquitous fabric into relaxed jackets, button down skirts, feminine blouses, oversized trousers and saris decorated with playful polka dots and flashes of pink and silver foil.   Back to basics, Payal Khandwala  The designer celebrates five years of her eponymous label with the launch of her spring/summer collection featuring a rose motif at its centre. The collection comprises signature layered separates in linens, cottons and light silks in a refreshing palette of coffee, crimson, citrus, indigo, leaf green, black and white. The opening show of Lakme Fashion Week Summer Resort 2017 was hosted on an international cruise ship Costa neoClassica and it was a pleaser to many! Also, the grand opening show by Monisha Jaising wasn't disappointing at all. The showstopper - Sonakshi Sinha made a head-turning entry in a burst of orange. Sonakshi looked radiant in the one shoulder asymmetrical dress, which also had a dramatic trail. The collection is said to be inspired by the Arabian Sea. The clothes were a mix of billowing silhouettes, couture, and all the summer hues.    (All images: PTI) One of the most definitive trends for fall is the return of shine on the runways. As designers get nostalgic for the flamboyant ’80s, sequins go gangsta and shiny vinyl finds its way back into our closet. This season sparkle comes imbued with a street sensibility as the more-is-more mantra from our favourite decade clashes with athleisure’s fluid dynamism. Cue the season’s sharpest plissé skirts teamed with a pair of equally luxe sneakers. Designers drummed up a host of options that make an easy transition from the cubicle to the dance floor. We’re looking to Michael Kors’ slashed sequinned mini dresses and Phoebe Philo’s egg-shaped lurex pullovers at Céline for inspiration. “I like bare legs in winter; I like night for day. I like Alexa Chung mixing with Nan Kempner. It’s about the interesting mix,” said Kors in an interview post his show. At Kenzo, Humberto Leon and Carol Lim sent out a line of vinyl dresses and skirts, foil-print trousers and oversized metallic jackets. Isabel Marant flirted with vinyl too in retro styles, adding animal prints and plaid to the mix. “It really goes back to when I would sneak out, aged 15, to punk clubs like Le Palace and Les Bains Douches,” said the Parisian designer. Between Marc Jacobs’ subversive separates at NYFW and Rajesh Pratap Singh’s gilded army closer home, the message is loud and clear—street glamour is here to stay. Designer Sanchita Ajjampur’s futuristic mash of foil, mesh and paillettes, and Gaurav Jai Gupta’s street-style spin on metallic handlooms, further confirm the mood of the times. It’s evident that fashion is making no bones about its Ziggy Stardust-meets-Beyoncé philosophy, and the pop culture influencers are lapping it up. Historically, the first image that comes to mind in this category is that of  ’60s fashion icon and rocker Keith Richards’s then girlfriend Anita Pallenberg who took to the Cannes red carpet in a lurex jumper. Leave it to the Kardashian-Jenner clan to reinvent Pallenberg’s louche luxe uniform as they elevate street style basics like sweatshirts, lace-up boots and trackpants. Kendall Jenner even brought back the chainmail dress from the ’90s. Closer home Alia Bhatt is having a go with unexpected pairings like a camo shirt and a plissé skirt, offering us a fresh take on the trend.      Which brings us to the question of how to do it right. Archana Walavalkar, celebrity stylist and co-founder Stylecracker, says that styling is everything here. “It’s important to blend the look seamlessly, not letting the shiny piece acquire hero status at any point.” It’s a good idea to stock up on basics like hologram sweatshirts, sequinned numbered tees, slip dresses with a glamorous sheen, and metallic denims. If you’re shine-shy, begin with a statement accessory. Let the gleaming heels from Demna Gvasalia’s debut at Balenciaga or Fendi’s festive-edition gold totes give you some ideas. “Go casual with jeans and a tee teamed with embellished sandals. This is easier to pull off if you don’t quite dare to go all guns blazing,” says Ajjampur. Fine jewellery is also following suit by putting a casual spin to sparkle. Case in point: Nirav Modi’s Embrace range of diamond bangles, which stretch like a dream, offer a snug fit and are best worn with denims and a boyfriend shirt. The writing’s on the wall: Whatever your glittery vice may be, it’s time to wear it on your sleeve.   Wendell Rodricks is a man credited with many firsts. At a time when Indian fashion was all about opulence and grandeur, he introduced the idea of minimalism. He was one of the few Indian designers to bring eco-friendly textiles to the forefront and also pioneered resortwear in India. To commemorate his contributions to the fashion industry, Rodricks was awarded the Padma Shri title in 2014. While contemporaries are predictably passing on their legacies and labels to family members, the designer has entrusted it into the hands of young prodigy Schulen Fernandes. And he did it in his inimitable style, bang in the middle of the runway at his label's fall/winter showing at the 2016 Lakmé Fashion Week (LFW). In a fun, free-wheeling chat, Rodricks and Fernandes tell us about what's in store for the legendary label.Wendell, after holding the reins for 28 years, you've decided to hand them over to Schulen. Schulen, how did he break it to you and what was your reaction?Wendell Rodricks: I always wanted the label to go to somebody I trusted. Schulen came to me straight from college and she has been with me for four years. She had already started taking a lot of creative decisions for the label. For instance, last season we did the Indica Emporia presentation at LFW with vintage Indian garments. It was completely her vision and work from start to end. I wanted to slowly take the backseat with this label so that I could make time for my other passions. I felt the time was just right for her to take the label and fly with it.Schulen Fernandes: It obviously didn't happen out of the blue. The handover was always on the cards and it took two years of work laying the foundation. However, when the actual moment arrived, it was hard to believe. How are your roles divided in the new scheme of things?WR: I’d like to think of myself as a benevolent dictator (laughs). On a serious note, Schulen has complete freedom to realise her creative vision at the label now and I am happy to have her take over.SF: Wendell will obviously be the mentor. My work will now involve everything from conceptualising collections to actually bringing it to life. I am also excited about the business end of it and we have a competent team to help us on that front.Schulen, tell us a little bit about your debut collection, Trapezoid, for the Wendell Rodricks label presented at LFW. And, Wendell, what did you think of it?SF: I have always loved architecture and geometry. The trapezoid form has been used in architecture from ancient times and it is so versatile. We decided to explore it in fashion with this collection. We used a mix of structured shapes and fluid fabrics working with paper silks, chanderis and a lot of eco-friendly materials. WR: I was really surprised when Schulen came up with the idea. It is a form that I've seen in Inca and Aztec architecture and in our temple gopurams. The Indian woman's body which is narrow at the shoulders and wide at the hips also follows the trapezoid form. This was particularly relevant because for the first time we introduced a size chart specific to the Indian woman at LFW this season. I felt really proud watching the show. The biggest compliment to me and to Schulen was when people told us it (the collection) looked like Wendell Rodricks. When a new creative leader takes charge at a fashion house, change is afoot—what can we expect from the label?WR: I've always focussed on high-end fashion and have never been able to cater to the mid-range. I hope Schulen will be able to expand the reach of this label to more people the way my colleague Anita Dongre has done very successfully. I also want her to take risks with the label and be more experimental.SF: We will definitely retain the minimalistic language and eco-friendly DNA of the label as we move forward. I would like to introduce newer, younger silhouettes and experiment heavily with materials. What lies ahead for both of you? Wendell, do you miss being behind the wheel? Schulen, are you at all daunted?WR: I don’t miss being behind the wheel at all. I can finally dedicate time to things that I’ve been waiting to do. The work on the museum is underway (Rodricks is turning his Goa home into a space dedicated to Goan costumes). The dogs are taking it well but my three cats are giving me grief about the move! I would like to write a lot more. My next book Poskem is about Goa. I hope I’ll be able to turn it into a movie like Chetan Bhagat (laughs). I’d like to teach a lot more too.SF: I am excited about what lies ahead and loving every minute of my new job. Going forward we’ll be extending the brand to include luxury lifestyle segments too.Photographs: Gary Taylor, Vinay Javkar/Lakmé Fashion Week winter/festive 2016 Back when Julia Roberts wore them with a neon bodysuit and mussed curls in Pretty Woman, it was thought to be risqué. But at the moment, thigh-high boots are everywhere from red carpets to shopping sprees, and both our desi celebs and Hollywood stars are sporting them with equal aplomb. Feel like getting one for yourself but not sure about how to wear them? We spoke to stylists and designers and got you five different ways in which you can wear thigh-high boots and also look classy. With skinnies and shirts/tops: Like Sonam Kapoor is wearing here. The actress is seen in a pair of Maison Martin Margiela boots with a cape jacket from Rishta by Arjun Saluja and a long black top. This is the most obvious choice. If you tone down on accessories, you can pass off the look for a casual evening dinner. Or else, pair them with peasant tops and denims for a chic, cowboy vibe. “The boots go very well with skinny jeans. You can couple them with a great coat or jacket,” says designer Salim Asgarally. With a shirt dress: Katrina Kaif wore them with a monochrome striped shirt dress from McQ by Alexander McQueen. A pair of shorts, belts (to add some structure) and hair kept open gave her a breezy, casual look, keeping the focus on the boots. With LBDs: Like Molly King. She wore a tiny LBD with a plunging neckline and thigh-high boots at a bash. “Over-the-knee boots look really nice if you show some skin,” says stylist Aaditya Walia. This is the perfect party look. Go easy on the makeup though and add a sequinned clutch. With just a long tee: Deepika Padukone wore her thigh-high boots with a black ripped vest top from Deme by Gabriella and threw on a metallic silver jacket. You can convert this to a day look by wearing a more subtle jacket. With a trench: Like Kim Kardashian. She dressed in Balenciaga from head to toe at the Paris Fashion Week in a belted trench and a pair of bondage style leather boots. Wear it with a choker and add a cami inside if you are not comfortable with showing so much skin.Photographs: Instagram/Shaleen Nathani; Getty Images The biggest fashion extravaganza of the country entered its day 2 with great aplomb. Here's a look at some of the highlights of the day. Ashish N Soni: The designer looked back at the 25 glorious years he's spent in the industry at this year's AIFW. His collection focused on a subdued colour palette, with the collection predominantly in shades of black and white, the designer followed a largely monochrome look. Grey was also one of the key shades that featured in the collection. The cherry on the cake was polo player Samir Suhag, who stopped the show for the designer. Rajesh Pratap Singh:In sync with Ashish N Soni's collection, with whom he shared the stage, Rajesh Pratap Singh went the monochrome way using a lot of patterns like checks, polka dots and stripes in his asymmetrical collection. Anavila: Anavila brought the sari brigade back to the ramp and she did it so gracefully! White being the most predominant shade, clubbed with kolhapuris and stylish top blouses, the collection was one of the best showcased on Day 2 of AIFW. Virtues by Viral, Ashish and Vikrant: Singer Sona Mohapatra turned muse for the designer trio, as she sashayed down the ramp humming the lines of her biggest hits. Sona donned a bright orange layered pleated dress made of natural dye. Airport style has recently gained momentum, thanks to the growing paparazzi culture. Every celebrity has a distinctive travel style, but there’s a common love shared for the closet staple kurta. Instead of flexing their sartorial muscles in high-end, street-style brands, the leading ladies have chosen the simple kurta as their favourite. Of course, they amp it up with their Hermès Birkin and Gucci sunglasses, but the dainty kurta sets still takes the centre stage. While Deepika Padukone prefers her kurtas to be form-fitted in bright, jewel tones, Kareena Kapoor is a fan of over-sized kurtas in neutral shades. Scroll down for our edit of all the celebrity-approved kurtas you can incorporate in your travel style.  Kareena Kapoor Khan Setting unconventional fashion norms comes naturally to Kareena Kapoor Khan. Case in point, seen here in an olive-green kurta set, teamed with a leather jacket and a pair of trendy kicks, a look only she can pull.For another run to the airport, this time with her family, Kareena Kapoor Khan chose a mustard yellow kurta teamed with off-white flared pants, and tiny round sunglasses.  Deepika Padukone Deepika Padukone was recently seen at the airport in a fuchsia pink, embroidered kurta set by Lajjoo C. The actor styled her traditional ensemble with a pair of juttis and an ox-blood coloured bag.  Sara Ali Khan Sara Ali Khan’s choice of kurta set is an all-white ensemble with multi-coloured stripe detail. If a plain white kurta to the airport is too simple for you, try this upgraded version. Kangana Rananut A true advocate of all things classic, Kangana Rananut’s traditional style at the airport is understated and elegant. Pictured here in a muted beige, minimally embroidered kurta set, teamed with a nude bag and statement sunglasses.					Fall trends are officially making their way to your wardrobe! If you’re a fan of all things sassy, you’re going to love the idea of wearing your pantsuit with a bralette. Power suit, but make it sexy. Give your boardroom style a feminine touch by teaming it a dainty bralette, just like these leading actors did. While Katrina Kaif layered her embellished pantsuit on a delicate lace bra, Sonakshi Sinha and Jacqueline Fernandez opted for monotone pantsuits and bralette combinations. Putting their envy-inducing abs on display. Scroll down to find all the different ways in which the celebrities have styled their pantsuits with a sleek bralette. Bhumi PednekarBhumi Pednekar styled her shimmering, sequined suit with a barely-there embellished bra. Making a solid case for balanced opulent dressing. Ileana D’CruzIleana D’Cruz teamed her powder pink pantsuit with a textured bra, breaking the monotony of a plain old suit. Jacqueline FernandezJacqueline Fernandez chose a sunshine yellow suit and bralette, all in the same hue. Giving a lesson on how to work this trend in monotone. Sonakshi SinhaSonakshi Sinha gave her checkered suit a modern spin by layering it over a solid coloured bralette instead of a regular shirt.Sonakshi Sinha put her rock-solid abs on display in this over-sized, powder blue pantsuit, which she styled with a sports bra in a twin shade. Demonstrated the sporty-chic way of wearing the pantsuit with a bralette trend. Katrina KaifKatrina Kaif wore her silver, sequined pantsuit with a lacey bra, showcasing how to work two contrasting elements in the same ensemble.					Colour blocking is a versatile trend that is no longer restricted to just mixing two colours in an outfit. You can colour-block your look by teaming separates in two different hues or by teaming a singular-toned outfit with a contrasting coloured accessory or shoes. Bring out some bold hues and style them together like Alia Bhatt did; or break the monotony of solid black outfit with a dash of colour like Kareena Kapoor Khan. For those who aren’t a fan of busy prints and multiple elements, this trend is a perfect pick. Here’s our edit of all the celebrity-approved ways to flaunt the colour-block trend in style  Kareena Kapoor KhanEver thought two bright tones cannot work together? Take a cue from Kareena Kapoor Khan. The actor styled her aqua-blue bodysuit with a neon green, sequined, pencil skirt. Neutralising the look further with a pair of transparent, strappy heel.  Kriti SanonKriti Sanon effortlessly worked this form-fitting colour-blocked gown. She kept the rest of her look minimal with a pair of dainty, hoop earrings, and centre-parted hair.  Aditi Rao Hydari Aditi Rao Hydari demonstrated a distinctive of wearing the power suit. She opted for an ox-blood and burnt orange asymmetrical pantsuit, which she styled with a traditional choker.  Tara SutariTara Sutaria broke the monotony of her black and white outfit by teaming it with a bright neon skirt, another way of working the colour-block trend.  Athiya ShettyAthiya Shetty opted for a contrasting gown in lime green and beige, working two contradicting hues in the same outfit.  Alia BhattInstead of infusing multiple colours in the same outfit, Alia Bhatt chose contrasting separates in two bright hues, an innovative way of sporting the colour-block trend.					There are risqué trends, and then there is the cut-out dress trend. The peek-a-boo skin-show moment has an understated appeal to it. There are multiple ways in which you can wear the cut-out dress. The geometrical shape can be carved out from the centre, showing your toned midriff or from the sides and the back, accentuating your curves. Recently, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen in a lemon yellow, diamond-shaped, midriff cut-out dress by Dion Lee, at the trailer launch of her movie. The actor teamed the dress with a pair of strappy heels, dainty earrings and hexagon-shaped glasses. You can easily replicate this look at your next Sunday brunch with the girls. Scroll down to view all the celebrity-approved ways of wearing a cut-out dress.  Nushrat Bharucha Nushrat Bharucha styled this metallic, side cut-out dress by Rohit Gandhi and Rahul Khanna with a pair of high heels and pushed-back sleek hair. A party look you can easily imitate.  Janhvi KapoorJanhvi Kapoor raised the heat in this multiple cut-out, asymmetrical Basil Soda gown. The young actor complemented the ensemble with a pair of statement Sophie Webster heels and a stark red mouth. Pooja HegdePooja Hegde broke the solid colour monotony of this bright-coloured yellow dress with a pair of aqua-hued earrings. A smart styling hack you can incorporate in your next look.  Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor effortlessly worked the monochromatic, sequined, side cut-out dress by Prabal Gurung. The actor kept the rest of her look simple with a sleek ponytail, drop earrings and a hint of glitter on the lids. If less is more is your vibe, this look is tailor-made for you. Kiara AdvaniKiara Advani looked like a vision in this double textured, side cut-out dress. If you want to give the sequin and bright colour combination a rest, you can opt for this minimal-chic outfit by Prabal Gurung.					There is a nip in the air and the weather is finally getting pleasant. Although we do not get to enjoy the perks of a full-blown winter just yet, we can still relish the season with an upgraded wardrobe. A fail-safe trend you can bet on is the shirt dress, it’s cosy, comfortable and ultra-stylish. It’s basically a shirt sans the pants, but we’re not complaining.You can style it with a broad belt like Sonakshi Sinha, or wear it oversized like Malaika Arora. Layer it with a blazer and you’re boardroom ready, or team it with thigh-high boots for a night on the town. You can also make it your workwear staple like Meghan Markle who is an official fan of the buttoned-down shirt dress trend. We’ve rounded up a list of celebrity-approved shirt dress looks for you to take style inspiration from. Malaika AroraWant to achieve that laid-back, relaxed, chic look? Take cue from Malaika Arora who styled her oversized grey shirt with a pair of fiery red, ankle-length boots. Pooja HegdePooja Hegde upped her street-style game with this metallic blue, striped shirt, which she styled with a Gucci, belt bag and chained sunglasses. You can imitate this look if you want to give your basic shirt dress an upgrade. Sonam Kapoor AhujaSonam Kapoor Ahuja wore this black and white, Cover Story dress, designed by Karl Lagerfeld and teamed it with a pair of sleek, black boots. Demonstrating how to work this trend the old-school, classic way. Karisma KapoorIf the idea of wearing a plain shirt dress to work sounds mundane to you, layer it with a blazer and a pair of cool sneakers, just like Karisma Kapoor did. Shraddha KapoorInstead of digging deep in your closet to find that perfect party dress, borrow a formal shirt from your boyfriend, team it with a wide, waist-clenching belt and you have a winning look on your hands. Deepika PadukoneIf minimalism isn’t your thing and you’re all about those intricate details, opt for this long, form-flattering, knotted shirt dress by Rajesh Pratap. Ditch the jewellery, like Deepika Padukone, and allow the dress to take the centre stage. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon kept this day look fuss-free in an emerald green, shirt dress by Nupur Kanoi and styled it with a pair of closed-toe heels and geometrical earrings by Azotiique. Kriti KharbandaKriti Kharbanda was seen working the trend in this printed shirt dress and kept the rest of the look clean with just a high top-knot.   The most recurring sari during the festive season was the sequin laden six yards by Manish Malhotra, another innovative rendition of the classic silhouette by the couturier. The shimmer sari has become a go-to sartorial choice for almost every leading lady in Bollywood. The latest addition to the list is Bhumi Pednekar who opted for an off-white sequin sari, and teamed it with a dainty velvet blouse during her movie promotion. While Bhumi went for a classic-chic look, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen sporting a rose-pink sequin sari with a barely-there blouse. Kapoor Khan punctuated the risqué look with a layered diamond necklace and her signature makeup. Here’s our edit of all the versatile ways in which you can work this trend. Bhumi PednekarBhumi Pednekar is all about the less is more formula, seen here in an antique white, sequin sari and blouse, sans the jewellery. Tara Sutaria  The young and vivacious Tara Sutaria stepped out in a smoke grey, sequin sari and blouse combination for the recent Diwali festivities. To do justice to this all-embellished ensemble, Tara swapped heavy statement jewellery for a dainty layered necklace and complemented it with soft and peachy makeup. Natasha PoonawallaThe all-time advocate of all things extra, Natasha Poonawalla pulled all stops with this sage green sequin sari and styled it with an emerald green necklace, suitable for a Maharani. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon’s take on the trend was a little different from her contemporaries. She styled her shimmering sari with a strappy, backless blouse, chandelier earrings, deep smokey eyes and Mogra bearing low bun. Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor in a sequined black sari is a vision to behold. The actress paired her sari with a cutout blouse and kept the rest of her look minimal, keeping the entire focus on the traffic-stopping silhouette.  If you’re looking to elevate your festive wardrobe this season, take inspiration from these leading ladies who have opted for some unusual and gravity-defying blouse styles. From exaggerated shoulders to some risqué cuts with décolletage detail, these statement-making pieces are all you need. Traditional blouses are constantly being reinvented with a modern twist. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja kept it simple with a scarlet blouse, bearing an asymmetrical front opening. Sara Ali Khan opted for a sheer blouse with 3D floral applique. Want to step out of your comfort zone and experiment with your sartorial choices? Fret not, we’ve got you covered. Here’s our edit of all the styles in which you can interpret the unusual blouse trend. Ananya Pandayif you’re all about flaunting your curves, this barely-there, silver embellished blouse by Sabyasachi is perfect for you. Tara SutariaThis aqua blue, corset with an added rib cage detail by Papa don’t preach is the ideal fusion wear. Sara Ali KhanSara Ali Khan doesn’t play by the rule. Case in point – this all-black, power shouldered blouse with a 3D texture she was recently seen in. If you don’t like to keep it subtle, this Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla number is tailor-made for you. Shraddha KapoorShraddha Kapoor redefines elegance in this sage green, peplum blouse by Kresha Bajaj. Kriti SanonTrust Kriti Sanon to effortlessly work this metallic, hot pink, piece-of-art by Amit Aggarwal. Sonam Kapoor AhujaThis red, floral printed Vedika M blouse on Sonam Kapoor Ahuja may look simple to you from the front, but the back detail is where you get your money shot.Another day another Sonam Kapoor Ahuja outfit you bookmark for future reference. The actress styled this Tamil print sari by House of Masaba with an off-shouldered, balloon sleeved blouse. Priyanka Chopra JonasThe original desi girl raising the oomph factor in this printed Sabyasachi bralette, styled with a ruffled sari. Brownie points on keeping it subtle yet sensuous. Aditi Rao HydariKnown as the ethereal princess of Bollywood, Aditi Rao Hydari looked striking in this midnight-blue, semi-sheer, cut-out blouse by Falguni Shane Peacock. Katrina KaifIf there’s anybody who can work this plunging neckline, ruffle sleeved blouse by Manish Malhotra, it’s Katrina Kaif. Konkona SensharmaThe power-house actress has mastered the art of keeping it easy-chic. Seen here in a mandarin collared bubblegum pink blouse, paired with a smoke grey sari designed by Arjun Saluja. Jacqueline FernandezThe glamour goddess looked like a complete head turned in this rose pink, semi-sheer, ruffle sleeved blouse by Falguni Shane Peacock.																		Everything at the 72nd international Cannes film festival is making news since last 10 days, giving the fashion world its freshest lot to go gaga over. If you’re keeping an eye on all things trending, here are some of the latest looks from the French Riviera.   Bedazzling beautyAdriana Lima looks like a vision in this vivid violet haute couture. Teaming thigh-high slit with a halter neck style, and topping it up with matching earrings and lots and lots of shimmer, Lima’s style is on point!  Pink-a-tonLorena Rae features a sultry play of frills with just the right amount of shine in Rami Kadi. Raise a toast!Natasha Poly dressed in this Versace gown is elegance personified. Shades of Champaign meet subtle yet shiny makeup and a neat hairdo to perfect her look. If you forgot to notice it in Lima’s style, here’s another reason why you should go overboard when it comes to matching the outfit with your jewellery.  A cape escapeHuma Qureshi concluded her Cannes journey in Anamika Khanna, and we couldn’t have asked for a more gorgeous good bye!  Leather luxeNoel Capri goes bold and basic in a glossy, black Zuhair Murad couture.  Beaming ballerinaGet over little black dresses, red is taking over the season as Alina Baikova’s stuns in Zuhair Murad.  Roaring redDua Lipa is charming over the world with her songs as well as her unique sense of style. She lives up to our expectations as she steps in an extravagant ruffled red gown by Valentino. Asymmetrical cut, drop earrings, and glossy bun are some of the richest trends to take from this look.  Exquisite easeLipa keeps the drama going strong in a figure-hugging black silk dress. Her look wows with a dramatic heart choker that’s sure to rage this year!  Dress me daisyKendall Jenner blooms in a pink perfect dress!  Heaven’s harmonyEva Longoria redefines the modern-day angel in a glossy Alberta Ferretti gown.					Southern France gets lit as stars from all over the world flood the city to attend the 72nd Cannes Film Festival. We have hand-picked some of the most talked-about trends that won hearts on the second day of the event.  The classic red-n-goldAlessandra Ambrosio storms in a dramatic red gown, solidifying our love for thigh-high slits and knotted necklines.  Mermaid magicHina Khan’s Cannes debut is all things sparkle in a stunning silver gown by Ziad Nakad. Her look features the current rage of plunging neckline and peppy play of silver.  Flower powerElle Fanning takes a fresh spin on florals in a floaty dress, made more magical with a milkmaid braid.  Leather loveJulianne Moore comes dressed in a statement Louis Vuitton gown, throwing in just the right amount of leather luxe.  Pretty pastelsFrédérique Bel brings carefree pastel hues to the red carpet, and we’re in awe.  Team textureChris Lee make heads turn in Balmain suit with a strong take on texture.  Shine on shimmerAmber Heard oozes oodles of glam and glimmer, flaunting makeup by L’Oréal Paris. Formal-alleyMonia Chokri make basics look beguiling. Chic sleekSelena Gomez steal hearts in a gorgeous navy blue ensemble, donning a daring deep middle part.																		Step into summers with a fresh hair style to set the tone of the season right. Amp it up with a fresh colour hue, cut it short for a sassy touch-up, beat the heat with ponies and buns, or better still…feel the wind in your hair in style with an exaggerated side parting. Here’s how to take on the sunny spirit, this year:Cool colourWavy bobNaughty knotDeep side partOn-point pony Airport style has recently gained momentum, thanks to the growing paparazzi culture. Every celebrity has a distinctive travel style, but there’s a common love shared for the closet staple kurta. Instead of flexing their sartorial muscles in high-end, street-style brands, the leading ladies have chosen the simple kurta as their favourite. Of course, they amp it up with their Hermès Birkin and Gucci sunglasses, but the dainty kurta sets still takes the centre stage. While Deepika Padukone prefers her kurtas to be form-fitted in bright, jewel tones, Kareena Kapoor is a fan of over-sized kurtas in neutral shades. Scroll down for our edit of all the celebrity-approved kurtas you can incorporate in your travel style.  Kareena Kapoor Khan Setting unconventional fashion norms comes naturally to Kareena Kapoor Khan. Case in point, seen here in an olive-green kurta set, teamed with a leather jacket and a pair of trendy kicks, a look only she can pull.For another run to the airport, this time with her family, Kareena Kapoor Khan chose a mustard yellow kurta teamed with off-white flared pants, and tiny round sunglasses.  Deepika Padukone Deepika Padukone was recently seen at the airport in a fuchsia pink, embroidered kurta set by Lajjoo C. The actor styled her traditional ensemble with a pair of juttis and an ox-blood coloured bag.  Sara Ali Khan Sara Ali Khan’s choice of kurta set is an all-white ensemble with multi-coloured stripe detail. If a plain white kurta to the airport is too simple for you, try this upgraded version. Kangana Rananut A true advocate of all things classic, Kangana Rananut’s traditional style at the airport is understated and elegant. Pictured here in a muted beige, minimally embroidered kurta set, teamed with a nude bag and statement sunglasses.					Fall trends are officially making their way to your wardrobe! If you’re a fan of all things sassy, you’re going to love the idea of wearing your pantsuit with a bralette. Power suit, but make it sexy. Give your boardroom style a feminine touch by teaming it a dainty bralette, just like these leading actors did. While Katrina Kaif layered her embellished pantsuit on a delicate lace bra, Sonakshi Sinha and Jacqueline Fernandez opted for monotone pantsuits and bralette combinations. Putting their envy-inducing abs on display. Scroll down to find all the different ways in which the celebrities have styled their pantsuits with a sleek bralette. Bhumi PednekarBhumi Pednekar styled her shimmering, sequined suit with a barely-there embellished bra. Making a solid case for balanced opulent dressing. Ileana D’CruzIleana D’Cruz teamed her powder pink pantsuit with a textured bra, breaking the monotony of a plain old suit. Jacqueline FernandezJacqueline Fernandez chose a sunshine yellow suit and bralette, all in the same hue. Giving a lesson on how to work this trend in monotone. Sonakshi SinhaSonakshi Sinha gave her checkered suit a modern spin by layering it over a solid coloured bralette instead of a regular shirt.Sonakshi Sinha put her rock-solid abs on display in this over-sized, powder blue pantsuit, which she styled with a sports bra in a twin shade. Demonstrated the sporty-chic way of wearing the pantsuit with a bralette trend. Katrina KaifKatrina Kaif wore her silver, sequined pantsuit with a lacey bra, showcasing how to work two contrasting elements in the same ensemble.					Colour blocking is a versatile trend that is no longer restricted to just mixing two colours in an outfit. You can colour-block your look by teaming separates in two different hues or by teaming a singular-toned outfit with a contrasting coloured accessory or shoes. Bring out some bold hues and style them together like Alia Bhatt did; or break the monotony of solid black outfit with a dash of colour like Kareena Kapoor Khan. For those who aren’t a fan of busy prints and multiple elements, this trend is a perfect pick. Here’s our edit of all the celebrity-approved ways to flaunt the colour-block trend in style  Kareena Kapoor KhanEver thought two bright tones cannot work together? Take a cue from Kareena Kapoor Khan. The actor styled her aqua-blue bodysuit with a neon green, sequined, pencil skirt. Neutralising the look further with a pair of transparent, strappy heel.  Kriti SanonKriti Sanon effortlessly worked this form-fitting colour-blocked gown. She kept the rest of her look minimal with a pair of dainty, hoop earrings, and centre-parted hair.  Aditi Rao Hydari Aditi Rao Hydari demonstrated a distinctive of wearing the power suit. She opted for an ox-blood and burnt orange asymmetrical pantsuit, which she styled with a traditional choker.  Tara SutariTara Sutaria broke the monotony of her black and white outfit by teaming it with a bright neon skirt, another way of working the colour-block trend.  Athiya ShettyAthiya Shetty opted for a contrasting gown in lime green and beige, working two contradicting hues in the same outfit.  Alia BhattInstead of infusing multiple colours in the same outfit, Alia Bhatt chose contrasting separates in two bright hues, an innovative way of sporting the colour-block trend.					The sporty-chic dress trend is a cheat sheet for those who like to appear stylish without compromising on functionality. Sporty dresses don’t necessarily have to be made from active-wear material, all it needs to be is comfortable with an athletic feel to it. Sartorial expert Sonam Kapoor Ahuja wore a mustard yellow, pocketed dress, with stripe detail, teamed with a pair of funky dad-sneakers, adding to the sporty vibe. On the other hand, Ananya Panday demonstrated a different way of wearing the trend by opting for a crayon blue, wrap dress by Balenciaga and teamed it with a pair of strappy heels. Here’s our edit of all the different ways in which you can sport the trend.  Kriti SanonKriti Sanon styled her geometrically-patterned, hoodie-dress with a pair of white sneakers, showing you how to upgrade your travel style.  Kareena Kapoor Khan Kareena Kapoor Khan wore a beige and bottle green coloured, pocketed dress with centre zip detail. Giving the sporty dress trend an unusual spin.  Sonakshi SinhaSonakshi Sinha layered her royal blue, dual-slit, fitted dress with an oversized, monochrome, printed jacket, elevating the glamour quotient of the look. Vaani KapoorVaani Kapoor styled her neon short dress with a monotoned jacket, demonstrating a different way of working the sporty dress trend.  Sonam Kapoor AhujaThe actor gave her regular look a sporty upgrade by teaming her midnight blue, pleated dress with a bright red sweater from Bhaane’s latest collection. Sonam further dialled it up a notch by wearing statement silver jewellery with an athletic look.					There are risqué trends, and then there is the cut-out dress trend. The peek-a-boo skin-show moment has an understated appeal to it. There are multiple ways in which you can wear the cut-out dress. The geometrical shape can be carved out from the centre, showing your toned midriff or from the sides and the back, accentuating your curves. Recently, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen in a lemon yellow, diamond-shaped, midriff cut-out dress by Dion Lee, at the trailer launch of her movie. The actor teamed the dress with a pair of strappy heels, dainty earrings and hexagon-shaped glasses. You can easily replicate this look at your next Sunday brunch with the girls. Scroll down to view all the celebrity-approved ways of wearing a cut-out dress.  Nushrat Bharucha Nushrat Bharucha styled this metallic, side cut-out dress by Rohit Gandhi and Rahul Khanna with a pair of high heels and pushed-back sleek hair. A party look you can easily imitate.  Janhvi KapoorJanhvi Kapoor raised the heat in this multiple cut-out, asymmetrical Basil Soda gown. The young actor complemented the ensemble with a pair of statement Sophie Webster heels and a stark red mouth. Pooja HegdePooja Hegde broke the solid colour monotony of this bright-coloured yellow dress with a pair of aqua-hued earrings. A smart styling hack you can incorporate in your next look.  Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor effortlessly worked the monochromatic, sequined, side cut-out dress by Prabal Gurung. The actor kept the rest of her look simple with a sleek ponytail, drop earrings and a hint of glitter on the lids. If less is more is your vibe, this look is tailor-made for you. Kiara AdvaniKiara Advani looked like a vision in this double textured, side cut-out dress. If you want to give the sequin and bright colour combination a rest, you can opt for this minimal-chic outfit by Prabal Gurung.					The big, puffy tulle gowns, with a Carrie Bradshaw stamp of approval, are having a major moment in fashion right now. With the recent resurgence of maximalism, celebrities are pulling all the stops with these candy-floss resembling couture gowns.Deepika Padukone has championed the art of wearing the voluminous gowns and has demonstrated different ways to work it on the red carpet. She recently wore a ballet-pink and black, off-shouldered tulle gown by Giambattista Valli at the closing ceremony of a film festival. The actor kept the rest of her look minimal with dainty jewellery and dewy makeup. Contradicting her classic-chic look, was Malaika Arora, who stepped out looking like a fiery goddess in an asymmetrical, scarlet gown by the same designer. She elevated her look with layered pearl necklaces, shimmering eyelids and a stark red mouth. Here’s a round-up of all the different ways in which celebrities have demonstrated this trend. Deepika PadukoneDeepika Padukone’s love affair with fluffy, capacious gowns goes way back. The actor decoded this tried-and-tested formula on the Cannes runway two years ago and has showcased multiple ways of wearing the large couture ensembles ever since. Priyanka Chopra JonasPriyanka Chopra Jonas made her Cannes red carpet debut this year. For one of her appearances with her husband Nick Jonas, she opted for a pristine white, multi-layered, Georges Hobeika gown. Chopra Jonas punctuated her look with a dainty diamond necklace, pulled back sleek hair and her signature warm-toned makeup. Sonam Kapoor AhujaWhen it comes to defying the fashion norms, nobody does it quite like Sonam Kapoor Ahuja. The sartorial expert gave the big tulle gown trend her own spin in this raven black, pre-stitched, gown-sari by Shehlaa Khan, detailed with exaggerated sleeves. She dialled it up a notch by teaming it up with a veiled fascinator by Philip Treacy. Aishwarya Rai BachchanAishwarya Rai Bachchan took the red-carpet game to a whole another level with this extravagant, feather detailed, Ashi-studio tulle gown. The actor who is a regular at Cannes Film festival has upscaled the bar for her contemporaries. Sara Ali KhanShe may be new to the world of Bollywood but isn’t a rookie when it comes to fashion. Sara Ali Khan looked like a vision in this 3D dimensional, tulle gown by Gaurav Gupta for a recently held award function.					There is a nip in the air and the weather is finally getting pleasant. Although we do not get to enjoy the perks of a full-blown winter just yet, we can still relish the season with an upgraded wardrobe. A fail-safe trend you can bet on is the shirt dress, it’s cosy, comfortable and ultra-stylish. It’s basically a shirt sans the pants, but we’re not complaining.You can style it with a broad belt like Sonakshi Sinha, or wear it oversized like Malaika Arora. Layer it with a blazer and you’re boardroom ready, or team it with thigh-high boots for a night on the town. You can also make it your workwear staple like Meghan Markle who is an official fan of the buttoned-down shirt dress trend. We’ve rounded up a list of celebrity-approved shirt dress looks for you to take style inspiration from. Malaika AroraWant to achieve that laid-back, relaxed, chic look? Take cue from Malaika Arora who styled her oversized grey shirt with a pair of fiery red, ankle-length boots. Pooja HegdePooja Hegde upped her street-style game with this metallic blue, striped shirt, which she styled with a Gucci, belt bag and chained sunglasses. You can imitate this look if you want to give your basic shirt dress an upgrade. Sonam Kapoor AhujaSonam Kapoor Ahuja wore this black and white, Cover Story dress, designed by Karl Lagerfeld and teamed it with a pair of sleek, black boots. Demonstrating how to work this trend the old-school, classic way. Karisma KapoorIf the idea of wearing a plain shirt dress to work sounds mundane to you, layer it with a blazer and a pair of cool sneakers, just like Karisma Kapoor did. Shraddha KapoorInstead of digging deep in your closet to find that perfect party dress, borrow a formal shirt from your boyfriend, team it with a wide, waist-clenching belt and you have a winning look on your hands. Deepika PadukoneIf minimalism isn’t your thing and you’re all about those intricate details, opt for this long, form-flattering, knotted shirt dress by Rajesh Pratap. Ditch the jewellery, like Deepika Padukone, and allow the dress to take the centre stage. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon kept this day look fuss-free in an emerald green, shirt dress by Nupur Kanoi and styled it with a pair of closed-toe heels and geometrical earrings by Azotiique. Kriti KharbandaKriti Kharbanda was seen working the trend in this printed shirt dress and kept the rest of the look clean with just a high top-knot.   The most recurring sari during the festive season was the sequin laden six yards by Manish Malhotra, another innovative rendition of the classic silhouette by the couturier. The shimmer sari has become a go-to sartorial choice for almost every leading lady in Bollywood. The latest addition to the list is Bhumi Pednekar who opted for an off-white sequin sari, and teamed it with a dainty velvet blouse during her movie promotion. While Bhumi went for a classic-chic look, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen sporting a rose-pink sequin sari with a barely-there blouse. Kapoor Khan punctuated the risqué look with a layered diamond necklace and her signature makeup. Here’s our edit of all the versatile ways in which you can work this trend. Bhumi PednekarBhumi Pednekar is all about the less is more formula, seen here in an antique white, sequin sari and blouse, sans the jewellery. Tara Sutaria  The young and vivacious Tara Sutaria stepped out in a smoke grey, sequin sari and blouse combination for the recent Diwali festivities. To do justice to this all-embellished ensemble, Tara swapped heavy statement jewellery for a dainty layered necklace and complemented it with soft and peachy makeup. Natasha PoonawallaThe all-time advocate of all things extra, Natasha Poonawalla pulled all stops with this sage green sequin sari and styled it with an emerald green necklace, suitable for a Maharani. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon’s take on the trend was a little different from her contemporaries. She styled her shimmering sari with a strappy, backless blouse, chandelier earrings, deep smokey eyes and Mogra bearing low bun. Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor in a sequined black sari is a vision to behold. The actress paired her sari with a cutout blouse and kept the rest of her look minimal, keeping the entire focus on the traffic-stopping silhouette.   Checkered pantsuits are having a major moment this season. The recent resurgence of this trend takes you back to school time nostalgia when plaid, tartan and checks dominated your closet. Fast forward to 2019, the checkered suits have now been given a glamorous makeover by the leading ladies of Bollywood. Anushka Sharma bowled everyone over with her boardroom-ready Gucci pantsuit, which she wore on a red carpet for an awards function. Deepika Padukone gave her checkered suit a retro twist, with flared trousers, overlapping jacket and pair of round glasses. Here’s a list of the most recent revivals of trend and how you can incorporate the same in your wardrobe. Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor wore the perfect outfit you need to juggle between work meetings and happy hour. If you want to do the same, opt for this berry-hued, checkered suit by Prabal Gurung and swap the shirt for a black cropped top. Kriti SanonAnother interesting take on the trend was showcased by Kriti Sanon, who wore a white Appapop checkered suit, with an innovative cuff detailed trouser at the airport. To nail the semi-casual look, she styled it with over-sized sunglasses and a pair of white kicks. Sobhita DhulipalaShobita Dhulipala demonstrated a cool new way of mixing and matching different types of checkered prints through her recent look at an awards function. Dhulipala layered the suit on a printed T-shirt and accessorised it with white pumps and cat-eye glasses. Priyanka Chopra JonasPriyanka Chopra Jonas kept it easy chic as she styled her grey checkered suit with a polo neck T-shirt and a pair of clear glasses. An elevated airport look, suitable for the globetrotter. Deepika PadukoneDeepika Padukone could easily pass off as a yesteryear actress in this sage green, checkered pantsuit. The actor further complemented her classic ensemble with round glasses, nude pumps and sleek centre-parted hair.   For some millennials, sari may not be the top thing on their festive wear list, as the idea of draping the six-yards and tripping in it is very real. Here’s the good news, the recent upgrade given to the meticulous silhouette has finally made it functional and gen-next friendly. Props to the modern-day designers for thinking beyond the archetypical version of a sari and serving us with innovative pre-stitched, layered and asymmetrical styles. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja gave it a yesteryear spin by teaming her sari with an open koti blouse, Shilpa Shetty-Kundra opted for a sari-gown, something you can effortlessly slip into. Here’s our edit of all the unconventional ways in which the leading ladies have worn a sari and so can you. Shilpa Shetty KundraShilpa Shetty Kundra flaunted her envious curves in a pink, ruffled sari by Riddhi Mehra and teamed it with a tube blouse, and a belt. A winning look for all those who have killer collar bones and don’t want to hide them under layers. No new sari? No problem. Pull an old sari out of your mother’s closet, drape it the classic way and layer it with a structured long jacket, just like Shilpa Shetty Kundra did with her Angadi heritage sari.  Katrina KaifKatrina Kaif knocked it out of the park with this pastel, belted sari and off-white jacket combination by Anamika Khanna. If you’re looking for an innovative construction with a lot of details, this ensemble is calling out to you. Chitrangda SinghChitrangda Singh raised the heat in this pre-stitched, metallic number by Amit Aggarwal. This is all you need if you’re planning to steal everyone’s thunder this Diwali. Sonam Kapoor AhujaSonam Kapoor Ahuja looked ethereal in this open-Koti, old-school sari by Sabyasachi. For those who are looking to go all retro-chic, you can thank us later. Amplify your cool-girl vibe in this pre-stitched, palazzo sari by Rheson, team it with a pair of combat boots and you’re officially ready to be the fashion rebel you always wanted to be. KajolThe power-house actress seen here in an asymmetrically draped, gold and off-white sari by Tarun Tahiliani. This statement-making look will push you out of your comfort zone and will help you up your sartorial game this Diwali.																		Festive spirit is all about spreading love and happiness. There’s no better time to tell your loved ones that you appreciate everything they do for you. Express your gratefulness with a thoughtful gift that they’ll enjoy and cherish. Here’s a gifting guide with plenty ideas for every woman who holds a special place in your heart. ELEGANCE PERSONIFIED Dainty rings by CaratLane BOHO BABEGlass Sutra’s handmade, bespoke, glass jewellery collection by Gappei PRETTY GIRL SWAGOn-trend sunnies by Vogue Eyewear  Hand-painted, vegan footwear collection by Designer Vedika Merh and CAI FUN AND FOODIE Araku Coffee & Svami’s Ready to Drink Ginger Ale ALL THINGS FANCY Luxury artisanal chocolates and paintings by Muse The Store  MADAME FASHIONISTA Contemporary kurtas by Raisin  Frill sarees by Limerick  MAKEUP MAVEN Mac gifting boxes NATURAL NICHE Forrest Essentials gift box Bellebox from Vanity Wagon					Festive season comes with the added pressure of looking presentable at every event. Besides impressing the long list of relatives and your secret office crush with your sartorial choices, you also need to get some Instagram-worthy shots for the grid. To make all your festive looks distinctive from one another, you need to strategically plan your wardrobe for all the different occasions you've sent an RSVP to.While you can wear a long and flowing Anarkali for a puja, you can dial it up a notch by opting for an elegant sari to the late-night card party. Keep it contemporary for the office party with an angarakha styled kurta, and bring out the big guns (voluminous lehenga) for the main soiree. Here’s our edit of all the celebrity-approved festive ensembles you can take inspiration from. Karisma KapoorBegin your festivities with a relaxed Anarkali in contrasting hues, and look as ethereal as Karisma Kapoor. Shilpa Shetty KundraShilpa Shetty Kundra seen here in a retro, polka-dotted sari teamed with a pussy-bow blouse, a classic look you should recreate for the glamorous card party. Shraddha KapoorShraddha Kapoor looked drop-dead gorgeous in this beige, intricately embroidered, Tarun Tahiliani sharara set. The perfect outfit for all the Diwali luncheons and day-time gatherings with family and friends. Tara SutariaIf you’re looking to make a statement at your office party without going OTT, this unconventional, angarakha dress with an asymmetrical cut is just the silhouette for you. You can give it an ethnic flavour by accessorising it with traditional jewellery, just like Tara Sutaria did. Ananya PandayIt’s the festival of lights, the only occasion where you can look like a disco ball and get away with it. Pull all the stops and go for the extravagant lehenga you were contemplating about. Ananya Panday opted for a gold, mirror work lehenga by Abu Jani-Sandeep Khosla and styled it with a halter neck blouse bearing exaggerated sleeve detail. Talk about going big or going home.					Planning your festive wardrobe can get exhausting and monotonous. While playing dress-up is fun, the idea of wearing heavy-duty lehengas and saris to each event can get taxing. Long nights of card parties, endless Diwali lunches and that office party you can’t miss – there’s a smart way of showing up to all these occasions without making it look repetitive. Ditch your traditional blouse for a crisp white shirt and pair it with a bright-coloured lehenga and a pair of statement earrings, a classic Karisma Kapoor move. Swap the voluminous skirt for a flared pair of palazzos, and team it with a cropped top, just like Sara Ali Khan did. Here’s our edit of all the unconventional ways in which you can spruce up your festive style. Alia BhattWho needs a blouse when you can perfectly work the printed Sabyasachi sari like Alia Bhatt. Add a pair of shoulder dusters and you’re good to go. Taapsee PannuDenim sari? Yes, please. Taapsee Pannu doesn’t abide by your conventional rule book, seen here in a denim sari paired with a collared blouse. A breezy look for all the fashion rebels.A hybrid silhouette between a sari and a pantsuit. Tapsee Pannu opted for this all-white ensemble by starch the label and made a strong case for androgynous dressing with a twist. Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor wore a straight-fit kurta, layered with a jacket both by Antar-Agni, and punctuated the look with a pair of white kicks. This one is for all the girls who live in their denim and sneakers, wanting to stick to the same formula even during the festive season. Sonakshi SinhaIf you’ve got abs, it's morally incorrect to keep them hidden. Sonakshi Sinha working her cool-girl spell as per usual in these culottes cropped top and patchwork jacket set by Anamika Khanna. Shilpa Shetty KundraShilpa Shetty Kundra flaunting her statuesque figure in this metallic sari-gown by Amit Aggarwal. If you’re looking for a form-flattering, modern silhouette, this is it. Sonam Kapoor AhujaAlways ahead of the curve, Sonam Kapoor Ahuja looked splendid in an off-white, plunging kurta and pant set, teamed with a blazer and a gold choker. Calling out all the risk-taker who can efficiently strut in in this décolletage neckline bearing ensemble. Sara Ali KhanThe next-gen Bollywood actress looked like a vision in a navy-blue copped top and flared palazzo set by Nupur Kanoi. If you’re looking for a blend of Indian and western sensibilities, this ensemble is perfect for you. Janhvi KapoorThe young and effervescent Janhvi Kapoor opted for a ruffled, cropped white shirt over her shimmering, powder blue lehenga by Abu Jani-Sandeep Khosla. An innovative trick to offset the look by keeping the bottom half heavy and upper half light.					 Dressing up for festivities is something that we all look forward to. Yes, we love Diwali and everything that comes with it. But wait. How exactly do you embrace the festive spirit at your workplace without going overboard? We are here to help you with your dilemma. Here is a list of some fun outfits that you can flaunt at your workplace without hassle. Pair with palazzos Palazzos are effortlessly stylish and comfortable. They are an undeniable fashion must-have. Pair them up with a stylish silk or georgette blouse with traditional prints. Add a chunky beaded ethnic necklace to complete your look. How about a long, elegant kurti to go along with a pair of flared palazzos? We love this look because it is sophisticated and oh-so-stunning. Go ahead and throw on some bangles to amp up the ethnic quotient. Now that we're talking about comfort, what are your thoughts on rocking a pair of smart and versatile cigarette pants with that long kurti? Easy on the eyes and tasteful, cigarette pants look good with almost every type of kurti! Fancy donning a long embroidered jacket along with your palazzos? These jackets will add extra definition and detail to your ensemble. Here's a quick example for you to nail this look. Pair a long white kurti with white palazzos and add a long, printed jacket over it. Throw on a pair of Kolhapuris for that extra oomph. Complete your ensemble by wearing a pair of stunning chandelier or drop earrings. Sari, not sorry!Timelessly beautiful, saris are something that Indian women love wearing. Fabrics like cotton, khadi, silk, and linen promise comfort and look extremely graceful. Similarly, chiffon saris are light and scream elegance. Stick to the pastel palette if you're not entirely comfortable with wearing bold colours to work. Add a cute little bindi and you will be good to go! Not comfortable wearing your regular sari blouse to the office? Worry not! How about a shirt blouse instead? Our Bollywood divas have been in love with this trend for quite some time now and we think it's time that you did too! Pair a crisp full-sleeved shirt blouse with a cotton or linen sari and voila! You have yourself a drop-dead gorgeous outfit that you can comfortably flaunt at your workplace. Cute and quirky peplum blouses are all the rage in town these days. Go ahead and try one out with your sari.  Twist to the originalsKurti dresses are pretty much like the 'LBD' of ethnic fashion; you must have at least one in your wardrobe! Angarakha and shirt-style kurtis make us swoon. Also, they look great with every body type! Wear a smart shirt with a printed long skirt… Who says skirts can't be worn with a buttoned shirt? This look has been all the rage in town this festive season. Pair a flared long skirt with a crisp, well-fitted shirt and get ready to make heads turn all day. Oh! Tasselled earrings work exceptionally well with this outfit. Back to the basicsHow can we not mention the quintessential ethnic work-fashion piece? Ladies, the quaint and angelic white Chikankari kurti can be your lifesaver during the festivities. Throw on a bright coloured dupatta over it for that happy burst of colour. Bandhani and Phulkari dupattas are our personal favourite! You can try on a statement neckpiece or a pair of oxidised jhumkas to go with it. Not feeling experimental? Stick to the classic anarkali. Ladies, you can never go wrong with this one. Opt for floor length and heavily flared anarkalis. The high raised A-line cut makes them look exquisite no matter the body type. How about going one step ahead with some mesmerising chaandbali earrings? You can also wear a nice front open anarkali kurti with your favourite pair of dark jeans. So there you have it! Your very own handy guide for flaunting ethnic wears at your workplace this Diwali! Text: Sanika Tamhane  Got too much to do with almost no time? Well, don’t worry as we have a look book of your next five days right here! Pick your favourite looks and shine on this Diwali. Femina puts together a variety of looks, ensuring that women of all ages get to look their best self this very Diwali. DAY ONE: DHANTERAS Raisin Option AStyle: We recommend an asymmetric kurta. A kurta is not only comfortable to wear but looks oh-so-chic, especially if there is a design element that adds to the look. The asymmetric style gives it an edgy look. If the neckline is low, then team it up with a chunky choker and mid-sized studs in the ear. If the neckline is high, leave the neck jewellery-less and wear chunky earrings. Add some bangles and finger rings and you're set.Makeup: Rosy glow makeup would look perfect with this. Apply subtle blush strokes that make your cheeks pop by adding a touch of extra blush along cheekbones, blending out toward your temples. Nude lips with defined eyes will complete the look. Punit BalanaOption BStyle: For the same vibe, but a different look, go for a layered dhoti pant teamed with a fitted top. The dhoti pant can be of a single colour and the top with it can be in a traditional print, or vice versa. The juxtaposition of plain and print makes for an interesting visual, and balances the look. Drape a long scarf around your neck, or tie it like a turban on your head to quirk it up. Round hoops at your ears and chunky bangles will complete the look.Makeup: To compliment this look we would suggest mauve accents as a preferred makeup looks. Mauve is one of those perfect shades for transitioning from warm weather to cooler temperatures because it feels more dramatic than summery shades. DAY TWO: NARKACHATRUDASHI Option AStyle: Try a sharara with a matching short kurta and dupatta. A monotone colour scheme looks subtle yet striking with the embellishments. Accessories with chaandbaalis and multiple bangles in contrasting colour.  Makeup: Highlight the eyes and the lashes with thick eyeliner and long lashes. Add faux lashes if needed. Keep the rest of the makeup nude, with just a gloss over the lips. MishruOption BStyle: Make your regular kurta stand out with an interesting bottom! Wear a slit pant that are not only comfort-plus, but take your look to the next level. To complete this look accessorise yourself with a silver oxidised choker along with matching jhumkas.Makeup:  Brighten up your face by the prominence of a highlighter unlike contouring, which has slowly but surely been disappearing from our radar, whereas highlighting has consistently been a great route for emphasizing points of your face where the light hits. Just a touch on your Cupid's bow, cheekbones, and brow arches give your skin a naturally gorgeous finish. DAY THREE: LAXMI POOJA Abu Jani Sandeep KhoslaOption AStyle: This is a day of giving ode to the goddess of wealth, Laxmi. As gold is worshipped on this day, it is apt that you wear that colour too. Wear a monotone gold sari with an embellished border. The blouse can be in a design of your choice. Ensure you wear bold earrings. The neckpiece and bangles can be as blouse design too. A maangtika won’t look amiss. Makeup: To complement the sari, you should go with matt gold eyeshadow with brown smudged eyeliner giving a smoky gold look. Neutral brown lip shade is the only other makeup you need. Anita DongreOption BStyle: A traditional sari never goes amiss! Opt for a Banarasi silk sari with rich metallic embellishments on the borders and the pallu. The blouse design can be as per your choice. Keep the jewellery traditional too. Kundan neck piece and earrings with coloured bangles and a kundan cuff is what will look best.Makeup: To enhance the overall look, keep your makeup subtle. Just put on thin wings on the eyes and nude lips with contoured cheeks. DAY FOUR: PADVA Tarun TahilianiOption AStyle: A cream coloured mid-thigh length dress-like kurta worn over flared pallazos make for an uber-chic style that will have you looking oh-so-stylish this day. If you don’t mind to show off that pristine clear skin, have a deep V neck, but if not, opt for this in a smaller V neckline. With the deep V-neck, you can wear a bold choker in the neck and mid-sized studs in your ears. Makeup: To add just a little more glamour to this look, sport rich red lips. Use a nude or light brown coloured eye shadow and just highlight the eyes with crisp eyeliner. Arpita Mehta Option BStyle: A georgette or crepe sari with flounces on one side takes the traditional sari to a new level. Have the sari in a plain fabric or just a printed one. Have the blouse heavily embellished to add the festive touch to the look. Add a matching belt over the sari and pallu to add a glam quotient. Statement earrings and a cuff at the wrist with a statement ring on the other hand… that’s the only jewellery you need for this look.Makeup: Get your eyes to do all the talking. Using the same colour as on the outfit, have your eye liner coloured, bold and bright. Keep the rest of the makeup in complete nude. DAY FIVE: BHAIDOOJ House of MasabaOption AStyle: Give your style an edge with an off-shoulder dress that follows similar asymmetry at the hem too. Pair it with straight pants and you’re ready. Wear a multi-layered long neck piece with matching pair of earrings. A funky armlet on the side where the dress doesn’t have shoulder support and some layered bangles will look very chic.Makeup: For an edgy ensemble, you need edgy makeup too. Why not opt for multi-coloured eyeliners? Use two different colours for the line above and below the eyes. A little shimmer on the eyelids and fresh pink lips is all you need. Pooja ShroffOption BStyle: A boat-neck kurta that is asymettric at the hem is also an option you can choose. From below the waist to floor-length, the hemline is in an inverted U-shape, making for an interesting design detail. Wear it over draped pants and this look will make heads turn. Wear printed top with plain bottom or vice versa. Wear oxydised choker and cuffs at your wrist, and you’re set.Makeup: Go matte for this look. Brown matte lipstick with subtle smoky eyes and you’re ready to rock the look. - Inputs by Nondini Dhawan  													If the idea of stepping out in heavier-than-your-body-weight lehengas making you want to ditch those Diwali events, we’ve got some good news for you. If you’re not the kind of person who likes to go all OTT with your Diwali looks, the brocade trend is tailor-made for you. While it's traditional and looks opulent, brocade silhouettes are also light-weight and functional. It will help you dance the night away in comfort. Kareena Kapoor Khan and Tara Sutaria made the perfect case for this trend, by looking festive-ready in these brocade ensembles, without comprising on the glamour quotient. Here’s a list of celebrities who will convince you to invest in a brocade kurta, lehenga or Anarkali for all the upcoming soirees you’re planning to attend. Swara BhaskarSwara Bhaskar opted for this six-yards of beauty, and styled it with a pair of shoulder dusters, keeping it elegant and chic. Karisma KapoorThe undisputed queen of style, Karisma Kapoor paired her brocade skirt with a simple white shirt. A styling trick you can incorporate if you want a fusion look. Mrunal ThakurThe versatile actress opted for mustard, brocade sharara set, an ideal look for day-time pujas and Diwali lunches. Esha GuptaEsha Gupta chose a bright, neon kurta set and styled it with a pair of statement earrings, a look you can easily recreate for the next card party. Alia BhattAlia Bhatt perfectly balanced her fiery red kurta and palazzo set with a pair of long, gold chandelier earring and a sleek bun. A classic look, one for the books.					Diwali , the festival of light, is a perfect celebration of all things bright. For those who love the style, Diwali gives them the right excuses to put their fashionable foot forward while the friends, family and loved ones come together to celebrate. If you're wondering about the Diwali fashion trends to follow, we've all the perfect compilation to strut in style for the glittering evenings.These Diwali fashion trends will also help you navigate the gifting dilemma for your girl gang and lovely women of your lives. This Diwali, you can channelize your inner diva as you get to exude exuberance, glitz and glamor in the stylish latest fashion from our perfect festive picks. Want to know which Diwali trends to pick that suit your innate style? Scroll below:Diwali Fashion Trends: Minimum Is MaximumThis Diwali, try your hands on some exhilarating minimalistic fashion . Minimalistic outfits are all the rage this season, and this Diwali, you can make the most of it. The basic principle of minimalistic fashion is to keep it simple. You can endorse a simple sari look, clubbed with natural makeup and light jewelry to mark the occasion. This Diwali fashion trend  will help you keep light and would make your celebration free of fuss. And whoever said, less is more, are obviously right. Try and find out! Tip:  You can use the art of layering to add charm to your minimalistic approach. Play up your look by mixing different textures. Diwali Fashion Trends: PalazzosPalazzos have made a distinct place in our hearts with their easy-breezy appeal and ultra-comfortable carryings. The best part about this Diwali fashion trend is that you can pair it with a crop top, tunic, kurta, Anarkali or even with a choli, and would eventually emerge out as the fashionista . Palazzos are also a top fave outfit style favored by celebs. Tip:  With a wide-legged palazzo pant , try long kurtas to add dimension to your outfit. If you're pairing it up with a tunic or long top, glam up with accessories like belts for add some definition to your look. This Diwali, show off some printed perfection Printed Maxi dresses are everybody's top favorite outfit, no matter the occasion. Come Diwali, try and pick some printed maxi dresses that match the festive appeal and accentuate your fashion game . You can go for an ethnic range, which is available in most brands or prefers something simplistic. Take cues from your favorite celebs and up your festive style game in printed maxi dresses .Tips: Don't go overboard by mixing too many different prints. However, if you're mixing patterns, don't blend more than two types of prints in your look. Go ethnic, this Diwali, with the veritable vestsWhether you are a lover of all things simple or adore a jazzed-up look, an ethnic vest, popularly known as Koti, can be the perfect pick this Diwali season. Pair it with your Anarkali, long kurta or a simple top, your festive fashion appeal would be unmatchable in this spunky Diwali fashion trend . Team it up with right accessories, and voila!Tip: Pay extra attention to the right fit. Vest, if not of the perfect fit, can break your look. This Diwali has a sequined affairThere can never be enough of sequins love possible in this world. A little bit of glitter can add the oomph to your look, making you the dazzling diva of every party. Sequins have been in vogue for quite some time. This Diwali, try on a sequined range of outfits at the glittering festivities . From sequined saris to skirts and even kurta, there's nothing that can't handle the sequin shine with elan. What would be your pick?Tips:  You look can be made much better if you add some bold colors to compliment sequins. With sequined outfits, chunky or clunky jewellery or excess accessories should be avoided. Ethnic pants are in vogue this DiwaliGone are the days when bottom wears cam with a limited range of varieties. This Diwali put your fashionable foot forward in ethnic pants. From intricately embroidered range to brocade and zari patterns, ethnic pants are all the rage this season. Pair them up with your fave kurta or crop top, the choice is all yours.Tips: Right fit is the right tip for ethnic pants fashion . Make sure the length of your kurta doesn't kill the charm of your pants. Crop top and lehenga - the perfect trend to pick this DiwaliEndorsed by all your fave celebs, crop top and lehenga combination tops our list of traditional yet spunky Diwali wear . With the accentuated oomph of the crop top and desi touch of the lehenga , this look is a sure-shot heart winner. Go plain or glittery, or printed or embroidered, there are more than one ways to rock this Diwali fashion trend. What would you choose?Tips:  Keep heavy jewellery at bay, if trying this fashion trend. It's best if you choose a simpler neckline for your crop top if you plan to wear jewelry , especially the heavy ones. Bring in comfort and fashion in dhoti salwarsDhoti salwar is a perfect blend of comfort, style and chic statement. Pair them up with a bold tank top or traditional kurtas, their appeal is undeniable. Be the head turner in this fancy, fashionable fad , this Diwali. To add more to your look, team it up with indo-western chic makeup and accessories and you're all set to rock the Diwali party this time.Tips: Do not wear a dupatta if you opt to team up your dhoti salwar with the jacket. Best to be paired with short kurta to show off the fun style. 'Cos c o-ords are in fashionAdd a twist of fusion to your festive wear with this Diwali fashion trend. Co-ords have been making a wave in the fashion scene for some time, and it's your turn to turn up the heat, this Diwali, in these new style trends .Tips: Try light jewelry and minimum accessories with this trendy look . Pay attention to the fit of your co-ord wear to avoid making it look slumpy. Bring on the desi Diwali swag in brocade This Diwali, move over the usual desi prints and try something quintessentially traditional. Brocades have been the crown jewel of the Indian textile landscape. Go for a brocade print sari or try this Diwali fashion trend in skirts or salwar-kameez. You can add the edginess to your look by going for deep-neck blouses and floral sari . Try brocade in silk or velvet to bring out its original charm.Tips:  Don't be afraid to mix and match patterned accessories with brocade. Just keep the same color family and vary the scale, and patterns, if you'd like.  Show off shararaWhy go for mundane skirt look when you can strut in style in a sharara? Ultra-comfy and edgy, this style has been the talk of the fashion town and also a celebrity-loved trend . Try long slits, sheer or mesh, there are multiple varieties of shararas to style for Diwali. Tips:  The best way to flaunt your sharara look is by teaming it up with short Kurtis. Sari with jacket are all the rage, this DiwaliWhat can be a better way to sport a sari with a fun jacket, this Diwali! This fashion fad has been making waves for its boss-lady vibes. Last season, saris with capes were the IT thing, whereas, this year, it's uber-cool to pair a  sari with a jacket . A jacket on top of your sari can totally turn around your look. From traditionally dull, you can go on to become chic and smart in a sari with just one layer. Isn't this cool? Tips:  If you sari is heavily embellished, go for bold-hued jackets . Don't be afraid of mixing textures. Full of fashion and flare Dramatic blouse sleeves have been a head turning fashion trend . This festive season, try on flared sleeved blouses with your sari and add the much-needed spunk to your desi look . You can go for long or short variety and can also opt for deep back neck for additional appeal.Tips:  If you want your blouse to do the talking, try keeping your sari simple for the occasion. Go for heavy earrings and void neckpieces. Bangles would also not be needed with this fashion trend. Diwali Fashion Trends: FAQs 1. What to wear for Diwali Diwali is the time to celebrate with your family. It is also about celebrating our colorful traditions and vibrant culture. However, what you choose to wear should stem out from your idea of âÂÂâÂÂcomfort. If you're comfortable in salwar-kameer or sari or a pant-suit or shorts, you should totally rock it with all your confidence, and fashion and trends would follow! 2. Which dress code fits for the Diwali festival? Ideally, people generally prefer wearing traditional outfits like saris, lehengas and salwar-kameer. There are several other varieties of ethnic outfits from regional areas that can be totally your pick this Diwali. If you're celebrating the festival at home, you can go for something that gives you comfort and mobility as well as style. However, if you're spending this festive time outside the home, you can try new trends and styles like ethnic pants, dhoti salwar, among others. Our advice would be to blend comfort and fashion to have a great time. 3. Is it ok to wear a black color dress on Diwali? Several people in Indian people believe that black should not be picked up to wear on Diwali day. Independently, you can decide to wear the color that you want. But, the festive feeling is all about joy and celebration with your loved ones. It's best if you take advice from a family member to avoid hurting any sentiments on this auspicious day. Somewhere in a far-off land, Cher Wolowitz and Carrie Bradshaw are silently approving the comeback of the mini skirt. Full props to the millennial celebrity brigade in Bollywood for single-handedly bringing back the classic trend into our lives. Ananya Panday and Janhvi Kapoor have managed to sport the trend in versatile ways. Whether they’re hitting the red carpet, or flexing their off-duty style while enjoying a Sunday brunch at Bastian, the young actresses have decoded multiple ways of wearing the tiny silhouette. Here’s a list of different ways in which you can style the ‘it’ trend of the season. Ananya PandayUpdate your work wardrobe with this beige twin set by Ulyana Sergeenko, and put your game face on, just like Ananya Panday did.Copy this Clueless inspired look for a date or a luncheon with friends.  Tara SutariaThe next time you want to colour block your look with a pop of neon, take a hint from Tara Sutraria’s Topshop skirt styled with a black and white blouse.If you’re going for a fun and flirty look, Tara Sutaria’s soda orange, skirt and jacket set is perfect for you. Sara Ali KhanIf sporty-chic is your vibe, opt for this sleek black skirt, and cropped top from Puma. Style it with a pastel jacket and a pair of trendy kicks, like Sara Ali Khan.  Priyanka Chopra JonasLet’s just say Priyanka Chopra Jonas knocked it out of the park with this turquoise turtle neck and mohair skirt ensemble by Max Mara and so can you. Janhvi KapoorTrust Janhvi Kapoor to teach you a thing or two on how to smartly blend retro with metallic, while working the mini skirt trend. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon demonstrating her street style best in an electric blue, asymmetrical skirt and jacket set by Farah Sanjana. Deepika PadukoneDoesn’t matter if you don’t have endless legs like Deepika Padukone, you can still wear this slogan patched, denim skirt and jacket by Kanika Goyal and look like a complete stunner. Kiara AdvaniKiara Advani looked effervescent in this powder pink, semi-sheer blouse and skirt by Anushka Khanna. This look is tailor-made for your next all-girls trip in an exotic location.					If you’re looking to elevate your festive wardrobe this season, take inspiration from these leading ladies who have opted for some unusual and gravity-defying blouse styles. From exaggerated shoulders to some risqué cuts with décolletage detail, these statement-making pieces are all you need. Traditional blouses are constantly being reinvented with a modern twist. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja kept it simple with a scarlet blouse, bearing an asymmetrical front opening. Sara Ali Khan opted for a sheer blouse with 3D floral applique. Want to step out of your comfort zone and experiment with your sartorial choices? Fret not, we’ve got you covered. Here’s our edit of all the styles in which you can interpret the unusual blouse trend. Ananya Pandayif you’re all about flaunting your curves, this barely-there, silver embellished blouse by Sabyasachi is perfect for you. Tara SutariaThis aqua blue, corset with an added rib cage detail by Papa don’t preach is the ideal fusion wear. Sara Ali KhanSara Ali Khan doesn’t play by the rule. Case in point – this all-black, power shouldered blouse with a 3D texture she was recently seen in. If you don’t like to keep it subtle, this Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla number is tailor-made for you. Shraddha KapoorShraddha Kapoor redefines elegance in this sage green, peplum blouse by Kresha Bajaj. Kriti SanonTrust Kriti Sanon to effortlessly work this metallic, hot pink, piece-of-art by Amit Aggarwal. Sonam Kapoor AhujaThis red, floral printed Vedika M blouse on Sonam Kapoor Ahuja may look simple to you from the front, but the back detail is where you get your money shot.Another day another Sonam Kapoor Ahuja outfit you bookmark for future reference. The actress styled this Tamil print sari by House of Masaba with an off-shouldered, balloon sleeved blouse. Priyanka Chopra JonasThe original desi girl raising the oomph factor in this printed Sabyasachi bralette, styled with a ruffled sari. Brownie points on keeping it subtle yet sensuous. Aditi Rao HydariKnown as the ethereal princess of Bollywood, Aditi Rao Hydari looked striking in this midnight-blue, semi-sheer, cut-out blouse by Falguni Shane Peacock. Katrina KaifIf there’s anybody who can work this plunging neckline, ruffle sleeved blouse by Manish Malhotra, it’s Katrina Kaif. Konkona SensharmaThe power-house actress has mastered the art of keeping it easy-chic. Seen here in a mandarin collared bubblegum pink blouse, paired with a smoke grey sari designed by Arjun Saluja. Jacqueline FernandezThe glamour goddess looked like a complete head turned in this rose pink, semi-sheer, ruffle sleeved blouse by Falguni Shane Peacock.					Athleisure is slowly revolutionising as the streetwear in India. Credit the enthusiastic paparazzi culture for capturing your favourite celebrities as they step in and out of the city’s hottest workout spots. We bet, by now you know that Sara Ali Khan is a Pilate’s girl, Malika Arora swears by yoga and Alia Bhatt likes to do it all, because she can. If their rock-solid abs don’t motivate you to drop the packet of chips and hit the gym, their comfortable-chic range of tracksuits definitely will. From cropped hoodies, neon jackets, and colour-blocked bombers to racer-back sports bras, and graphic printed tank tops, there’s a plethora of options to pick from. Kareena Kapoor Khan has mastered the art of more is more, even when it comes to activewear, she likes to add a pop of colour or a shade of neon. Mira Rajput Kapoor, on the other hand, is often sighted in abstract printed, neutral coloured athleisure to the gym. Here’s our edit of all the celebrity-approved tracksuits you need to invest in.  Malaika Arora Style the animal print set with a solid coloured jacket, just like Malaika Arora did. Vaani Kapoor and Sophie ChoudryIf you’re not a fan of all thing matching, opt for a neutral coloured sports bra and legging combination and round it up with a cropped jacket like Vaani Kapoor. You can also use an element of colour from the rest of your clothing in your bomber, just like Sophie Choudry. Kriti Sanon Flaunt your toned midriff in a cropped red T-shirt and track like Kriti Sanon. Elevate your style quotient with this sage green, racer-back sports bra and yoga pants, pair it with a soda orange jacket for that additional burst of colour.  Kiara AdvaniIf understated sexy with a hint of femininity is your vibe, pick Kiara Ali Advani’s bubblegum pink tracksuit while catching your next red-eye.  Mira Rajput Kapoor Mira Rajput Kapoor’s printed tracksuit with a single coloured jacket is for those like to mix it up prints and patterns in their workout wardrobe.  Kareena Kapoor Khan Trust Kareena Kapoor Khan to make you want to revisit the neon trend, full points on getting it right by styling it on an all-black outfit.					The Chopra sisters have demonstrated an alternative way to wear the popular pantsuit. Priyanka Chopra Jonas stepped out in powder pink, satin pantsuit by label Munthe, for the inaugural NBA India Game. Chopra-Jonas opted for this loose-fitted, power suit in a pastel hue, ditching the dark-toned, form-flattering version she’s generally seen in. Parineeti Chopra’s choice of the satin suit will convince you to invest in one. The junior Chopra sister was first seen working the trend in a pearl white suit, from the Tommy Hilfiger and Zendaya collaboration. Not many moons later, the actress chose a similar outfit, this time a navy-blue number by H&M, rounded off the look with a Celine belt and a pair of closed-toe pumps. Look at all the latest additions to this statement-making trend. Priyanka Chopra Jonas The tangerine pantsuit makes the perfect case for easy-chic date-night dressing.  Parineeti ChopraThis off-white suit is a definite game-changer in relaxed power dressing.If you’re looking to shuffle between work and leisure on a Friday night, this H&M navy suit is all you need.  Katrina Kaif This periwinkle blue suit with a long jacket by Michelle Mason strikes the ultimate balance between semi-casual and formal. Shamita Shetty This House of CB, nude-pink suit is ideal for you if power dressing with a hint of glamour is your vibe.					Sonam Kapoor Ahuja, Priyanka Chopra Jonas, Anushka Sharma and Alia Bhatt will convince you to trade the heavy-weight ethnic silhouettes for these elegant printed saris this festive season. Just in time when you’re planning your wardrobe for all the upcoming Diwali parties, these leading ladies have served some serious sartorial inspiration for you. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja and Priyanka Chopra Jonas were seen sporting the trend during their movie promotions, Anushka Sharma was draped in the printed 6 yards for an award function. Here’s our edit of all the printed saris you need to bookmark for the upcoming festivities. Priyanka Chopra Jonas opted for this black, floral-printed sari by Sabyasachi and styled it with her signature sleeveless blouse. She looked like a complete head-turner when she stepped out for the promotion of her upcoming movie. During which, she rocked another printed number by the same label, this time in an off-white and red combination with a retro, polka dotted twist. If there’s a new trend on the horizon, Sonam Kapoor Ahuja is on the forefront of it. Recently, the actor wore a foliage green, micro-floral printed sari by Masaba Gupta and elevated the look with statement silver jewellery. Kapoor-Ahuja kept it easy-chic, something you can effortlessly recreate.  Anushka Sharma swears by the less in more formula, even when it comes to traditional looks, she likes to keep it minimal. Case in point, the mint-green, floral sari by Sabyasachi that she wore for an award function. Staying true to her aesthetic, she rounded off the look with statement shoulder dusters and a messy bun.  Planning the next event on your social calendar and wondering what to wear? Take cues from Kriti Sanon. The marsala hued, printed floral sari with ruffle detail by Arpita Mehta is perfect for all the upcoming Diwali Poojas as well as the late-night card parties.  Madhuri Dixit Nene epitomises grace like no other, and there’s nobody who defines timeless beauty like her. Every time she serves a look, you sit up and take notes. If bold and bright colours aren’t your style, you can opt for this pastel pink, printed organza sari by Jade like the beautiful actress did.					Though this chic phenomenon is not entirely new, its popularity among people is on a rise thanks to its flamboyant presence on social media platforms. If done right, this a la mode fashion can add that extra bit of oomph to your attire. Take a moment and reminisce about the days when we would send out anxious messages to our gang asking them about their outfits. What they were donning for the night? What if our outfits matched? The horror! These momentous precautions have a taken a back seat with changing times.  Matching outfits with your friend is no more a faux pas. Instead, it has become a raging and super fun trend that is here to stay! Twinning as a trend first emerged in South Korea’s K-pop culture. While coordinating your outfits completely is not an anomaly entirely, it can overpower the essence of your real personality and make you look, umm, a little too alike. But hey! We’ve got you covered. Have a look at these simple tips and tricks to ace the twinning game. Go ahead and make that winning statement with your fashion twin! One colour palette, multiple outfitsThis is a great way to flaunt the twin-win look without being too discernible. No worries even if you and bestie have different taste when it comes to styling your clothes. The main idea is to predominantly stay within the same colour palette and explore varied outfits. Think Gigi Hadid’s and Kendal Jenner’s iconic twin ensembles Match your fabricsHere’s an easy breezy example to help you get a better idea about this tip.  You can wear a chic eyelet white cotton dress with and your twin can throw on a white top having a similar eyelet detail. Dressing in tandem with your friend in this way leaves a lot of room for experimentation.  Top to bottom! Bottom to top!Interchanging the colours of your outfit with your BFF can be really fun. Fancy sporting a cute baby pink skirt with a pastel blue top? Your BFF, on the other hand, can rock a baby pink top with a pastel blue skirt. Think out of the boxWhat’s the first thing that comes to your mind when you think about twinning? Matching your garbs, right? While this is the most popular choice, there are some other subtle ways in which you can strut your way into the twin parade. How about getting matching phone covers? You are your fashion twin will be carrying around your phone pretty much everywhere. Bring out those accessories There are a myriad of ways in which you can elevate your twinning game without synchronizing your outfits from head to toe. Add a pair of matching oxidized tribal jhumkas to your ensemble for that subtle yet classy twinning look.  So there you have it! Your very own handy guide which will aid you in conquering this super-fun trend. Lastly, we would just want to remind you that twinning is not about replicating each other’s clothes. Don’t strive to look identical! It is one thing to twin your outfit with a person and another to look like their clone. Maintaining your identity is of crucial importance. Reflect on of your personal sense of style. Ensure that your individual personality shines through your matching outfit. A lot is shouldered by the details therein. The aim is not to look like identical twins. You want to alike but different. You can wear the same shirt but pair it up with different bottoms. Wear dresses with a similar length but different prints. Yes, twinning can be that effortless. In the recent times, we have seen the resurgence of power suits in all patterns and prints, but the one to recur on our Instagram feed time and again is the black power suit. Available in different cuts, silhouettes, and styles, these suits are the epitome of elegance and smartness, and can be styled in multiple ways. Some of the most striking pieces donned by Bollywood divas are listed below; have a look:Kareena Kapoor KhanThe one-sleeved suit by Nikhil Thampi definitely steals the limelight.Kangana RanautThis embellished two-piece by Nedret Taciroglu spells power all the way.Fatima Sana ShaikhTrying to find something that’d be perfect for a big office meeting? Look no further. This suit by Khanijo is all you need.Sonam Kapoor AhujaIf you’re someone who thinks bigger is better, then this one by Jacquemus is just the one for you.  Amyra DasturThese separates by Ashish N Soni will set you in your party mood.Shilpa Shetty KundraWhat’s an ideal outfit to wear in a soiree you ask? This is it; by Jacquemus.  Kalki KoechlinThis Armani power suit complemented with a white blouse is the ideal marriage (if that could be a thing) between sophistication and ease. Do you worry about your ugly arms (it's all in your head)? If yes, then puffy sleeves are perfect to hide them while simultaneously making a fashion statement. Kidding. You can wear this trend anyway since it’s one of the raging fads of 2019. From designers and celebrities to influencers and fashion enthusiasts, everyone is celebrating puffy sleeves. While some like Deepika Padukone prefer going all out, others such as Priyanka Chopra Jonas like it minimal yet loud. So, if you want to keep up with the trend, you can either style a top with the detailing with tapered trousers or make them the centre of your outfit by donning a dress with large puffy sleeves. Scroll down to know how some of our leading ladies have styled the trend:Priyanka Chopra JonasDeepika PadukoneSonam Kapoor AhujaAlia BhattAditi Rao HydariSonakshi SinhaMrunal Thakur Any dress that’s below the knee and above the ankle is called tea-length. These dresses that do not reveal much and yet do not hide everything, is a celeb favourite for various reasons. One being, it makes you look uber-classy and sophisticated, and second, it’s fuss-free since the hems fall above the ankle. We list seven celebrities who recently donned tea-length dresses for different occasions. Have a look and take cue from them to stay ahead of the curve:  Sonam Kapoor AhujaKriti SanonPriyanka Chopra JonasDiana PentyKiara AdvaniShilpa Shetty KundraSonakshi Sinha    As the athleisure trend finds more takers and people keep putting comfort first, one thing can be said for sure–sneakers are here to stay. But choosing sneakers doesn’t mean you have to compromise on style! Stay on-trend with this sneaker style guide detailing trends to watch out for. Go all-white like Deepika Padukone and Athiya Shetty.  Turn to chunky sneakers like Ananya Panday and Alia Bhatt.  There’s nothing quite like textured sneakers!  Tie-dye is a raging sneaker trend.   Fluorescent and neon sneakers are hot favourites too. While you probably love standing out from the crowd, make sure you’re not flaunting trends that many are forsaking for classics and functional pieces! Scroll through this fashion guide for what’s already out and what’s still in for this year.  Out: Zebra and cow prints In: Classics like leopard print and polka dots  Out: Mini sunglasses In: Oversized shades  Out: Overalls  In: Utility jumpsuits  													Out: Tiny handbags  In: Clutches and crossbody bags  Did you see American actor Zendaya at the Met Gala 2019 red carpet? She had a Cinderella moment, where the ‘fairy godfather’ flicked his wand, and the black and blue gown by Tommy Hilfiger lit up in blue! This was made possible with technology; the structure inside the dress was made up of metallic plates, LED lights, batteries and wire. At the same event, musician Janelle Monáe wore an exaggerated Christian Siriano balloon-hipped dress that had a motorised blinking eye on one breast! This too was an amalgamation of fashion and technology at its chicest! Katy Perry was one of the foremost though and had worn a LED dress at the Met Gala and during her tour in 2014. It’s not just the celebs that get to wear such high-tech ensembles, even daily wear is getting its fair share of technological advancement. Wrist-worn smart watches or bands have become common in recent years. But, according to a research carried out by UK-based Juniper Research, the trend is shifting to ‘connected clothing’, which is forecasted by them to become $1 billion industry in 2020! Here are some of such cool garments that you can choose from.Jacket phone: What if you could pick up calls, control music volume, and get directions by just taping or brushing the sleeves? Levi and Google have collaborated for a jacket that does just that! Digital yogi: If you’re learning yoga, and want to refine your poses and get them right, these yoga pants are just for you! Brand Nadi X has come up with the pants that sense when your yoga pose needs refining and uses haptic feedback to create small vibrations on the body part you need to adjust.Swimming in sun: We’re always worried about just how much sunscreen to apply when on the beach, wearing swimwear. Brand Neviano has come up with stylish swimsuits that have a water-proof a UV sensor that detects if the UV rays are high and if you need more sunscreen to be applied! Research is also being done on how else to incorporate technology into fashion in order to make our life easier. At Deakin University’s Institute for Frontier Materials, they’re looking into developing fibres that can store energy. They’re hoping to make garments that can be used to charge phones and other small devices. Imagine slipping your discharged phone into your pocket, and it comes out charged! Well, with more and more of our lives getting touched by technology, is this tech-forward fashion really a surprise? 													Animal printed or in fabrics like suede or PVC, thigh-high boots amp up the look of any outfit. You can either pair it with a dress, or shorts and a top to make you stand out anywhere you go. To know more ways of teaming the shoes with different garments, scroll down, as some of our leading ladies know exactly how to slay in ‘em: Sonam Kapoor AhujaAlia BhattPriyanka Chopra JonasManushi ChhillarBella HadidKim Kardashian WestKendall Jenner Headed out for a much-needed vacay? We’ve got you covered with an easy-breezy style lookbook. From keeping with the neon trend casually to sporting ubiquitous bold prints, here are few ensembles donned by celebs that make for perfect inspo for your holiday wardrobe.  Day-out LookAnushka Sharma’s casual chic look works perfectly for shopping or sightseeing while Tara Sutaria’s uber cool mini-skirt-and-sneaker combo is trendy to grab a bite or take a stroll to explore. Ananya Panday’s checkered co-ord ensemble is also a stylish option you’d want to include in your outfit checklist. Evening-out LookBold prints are in vogue right now and we recommend slipping into a flowy, romantic dress like Priyanka Chopra Jonas or Disha Patani for an evening out with your friends or family.HikingAlthough our girl PeeCee didn’t exactly head out to trek in this ensemble, a more casual version of this outfit will do. A pair of sturdy boots, crisp khaki shorts and a tee is perfect. You can swing the athleisure way too and slip into track pants and a cotton T-shirt with sneakers. BeachIf you’re travelling to tropical climes a swimsuit has got to be on your to-carry list! Opt for either a monokini or bikini like Disha or sport a cute crochet co-ord like Malaika Arora.BrunchWe LOVE a sharp neon outfit. It’s fresh, cool and lets your steal the limelight in all the right ways. If you’re feeling particularly bold try a casual two-piece like Malaika or don a no-fuss mini like Manushi Chhillar. Date NightBe it to the mountains or the beaches, if you’re travelling with bae, indulging in date-night is a must. You can never go wrong with the classic LBD like Lisa Haydon. If you’re looking for something slightly more casual, try a satin slip dress with gladiator flats like Manushi. You’re sorted! 													One of the jewellery trends that’s making waves among fashion enthusiasts and Bollywood divas alike is layering. Whether you opt for chunky pieces like Esha Gupta or keep it dainty like Sonam Kapoor Ahuja, (both, below) this style is sure to upgrade any look instantly. Take cue from our desi girls on how to style this fad: Sonam Kapoor AhujaPriyanka Chopra JonasDeepika PadukoneSonakshi SinhaShilpa Shetty KundraEsha GuptaSayani Gupta 													Traditional Indian jewellery is known to add a luxe quotient to outfits. However, these marvels of chunky gold, silver and kundan pieces are often limited to ethnic clothing. While pairing them with western wear can seem a little daunting, once you learn the art of flaunting your accessories right, there’s no looking back. Scroll through this look to get started! Sonam Kapoor Ahuja Aditi Rao Hydari Alia BhattSobhita DhulipalaMouni RoySanya Malhotra 													Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas’s wedding is taking over the internet, and we won’t be surprised if that spurs you to plan your own. Picking, rather crafting, the perfect dress for D-day is the most important part of all the preparations (second only to finding your perfect groom). The dress you choose should exude your persona, bring the best out of your features, and crazy complement the dazzling man standing next to you on the altar…there’s too much responsibility on it. We have put together a celeb-approved lookbook for your perusal, go gaga! Sophie TurnerPriyanka Chopra JonasKatrina KaifJacqueline FernandezKiera Knightley Sobhita Dhulipala 													Although sunglasses primarily have a job to protect our eyes from the harsh sun rays, fashion lovers have made them a style statement, and we aren’t complaining. From medium and teeny-weeny to larger-than-life frames, sunglasses have undergone several transformations over the years. Feline frames, a.k.a. cat-eye, rose to fame with Audrey Hepburn’s film, Breakfast at Tiffanys in 1961. Since then, it has graced the faces of several Hollywood and Bollywood celebrities time and again on various occasions. We curated a list of some of our leading ladies who have styled the trend really well. Check them out to up your fashion game: Alia BhattDeepika Padukone Priyanka Chopra Jonas Gigi Hadid Sonam Kapoor Ahuja Kaia Gerber Kangana Ranaut 													Prepping to bag that dream job? Get your formal game on point with AND's work wear collection. A solid resume, great qualifications, and sparkling wit are a definite must have to impress your interviewer. But, equally important is the first impression that you create within the initial few seconds of the meeting. Designer clothing brand—AND has a variety of looks you can sport to leave an impactful first impression.We put together a  no-fail shopping list from AND's range of office wear that spells all things business. Make a style statement with a classic black jump suit. AND recognises jumpsuits with a new-found place in its formal collection for a super chic semblance. Moreover, black is a safe, professional colour that looks flattering on all body types. When in doubt, wear black. If you’re interviewing with a more creative company, opt for this dress with orange and blue stripes. A perfect ensemble for the sassy fashionista who would like to stand out rather than fit in. This ruffled hem aqua dress makes for a great attire option for the corporate climber. Exude confidence while looking both formal and fashionable at the same time. It looks chic and feels so comfortable that you won’t have to worry about a thing. Looking to work at a financial firm or as an executive in a corporation, select neutral tones to give that professional look. Wear a well-fitted dress in a neutral shade to prove that you mean business. Pick this dress from AND that has bow detailing which is a hot trend on the red carpets. This chevron dress with blue stripes strikes the right balance between grace and glamour.  A refined look for the lady who carries many successes in the bag, ready for the next run.													For a more casual work environment, opt for florals to convey a relaxed vibe. A touch of delicate with glam galore... AND's play of prints presents soft pastels paired with an high-waisted trouser in a pop of colour. It's the perfect pick for girls who are marking their presence in the field of fashion.Your wardrobe speaks volumes about yourself. Don’t be afraid to show who you are in the workspace. To shop AND's collection, visit the site.  													While heels have always been spotted at parties and dates, it’s fancy flats that are replacing them on various occasions with its ‘comfort-first’ appeal. With detailings and pop colours becoming the highlight of an outfit, you can play around with different flats while wearing a monotone dress or separates. Here’s a list of Bollywood celebrities who have styled this newborn trend effortlessly: Sonam Kapoor Ahuja Kareena Kapoor KhanAnushka SharmaDia MirzaKriti SanonKiara AdvaniTaapsee Pannu Be it Priyanka Chopra Jonas or Sonam Kapoor Ahuja, all the leading ladies have one thing in common, they are in love with the trending colour of the season—orange. Whether you go head-to-toe in this bright hue like our desi girl or add a dash of it to your ensemble like Alia Bhatt, this shade can brighten anyone, any day. Here is a list of few other celebrities who have carried the shade effortlessly: Priyanka Chopra Jonas Sonam Kapoor Ahuja Alia Bhatt Kangana Ranaut Deepika Padukone Shilpa Shetty Kundra Ananya Panday    													From runways to streets, the maximalist trend of patchwork can be seen everywhere winning hearts of celebrities and fashion enthusiasts, alike. With mixing and matching taking centre-stage, we show you some celeb-approved ways of styling this fad to keep you ahead of the fashion game: Sonam Kapoor AhujaTaapsee PannuPooja HegdeBella HadidSwara BhaskarGigi HadidKarishma Tanna  Priyanka Chopra Jonas flaunted a shimmery asymmetrical dress at the Cannes Film Festival this year, and the trend took over the fashion world like wildfire. Wondering why? One has to give credit to its versatile make that blends flawlessly across cool and casual little dresses to chic evening gowns. What’s more, it adds a playful touch to the attire that evokes a sense of mystery. If you wish to get on this bandwagon, here’s how B-town is making the best of an uneven hemline. Kriti Sanon Malaika AroraLisa HaydonSonam Kapoor AhujaShruti HaasanBhumi Pednekar 													Bows have always been considered as a delicate addition to any outfit that enhances elegance, takes the sass a notch higher, and bestows more definition to the look. However, more often than not they are considered as an add-on than the most striking element of attire. Their sudden, stylish entry in the mainstream haute couture is making heads turn on the red carpet, and we find ourselves wondering… Is the bow trend switching towards the center of the stage? Decide for yourself:  													Casual chokers have been a much loved accessory, adding sass to street style since early 2000s. This year, the choker trend underwent a fashionable transformation making their way in the traditional game. These close-fitting necklaces have the potential of giving a striking definition to any outfit. Well that’s not it, this gorgeous piece of accessory also gives a well-sculpted look to the neck. Bollywood divas are going gaga over traditional chokers… Here’s how you can team your pick to ace the next ethnic look you sport: Go solo with a chunky choker.Don it with an off-shoulder style to make the necklace stand out.Team it with a plain blouse to amp up the drama. Wear it along with a long necklace for a royal touch. Pick one with coloured beads to match with your outfit.Pair it with matching statement earrings. Go for a gold and traditional version of the casual choker, as sleek as stylish. Wondering where to go choker shopping? Here’s something to get you started: Choker sets by Kashi JewellersChunky chokers by Gehna Jewellers 													Dainty chokers by Tanishq 													Everything at the 72nd international Cannes film festival is making news since last 10 days, giving the fashion world its freshest lot to go gaga over. If you’re keeping an eye on all things trending, here are some of the latest looks from the French Riviera.   Bedazzling beautyAdriana Lima looks like a vision in this vivid violet haute couture. Teaming thigh-high slit with a halter neck style, and topping it up with matching earrings and lots and lots of shimmer, Lima’s style is on point!  Pink-a-tonLorena Rae features a sultry play of frills with just the right amount of shine in Rami Kadi. Raise a toast!Natasha Poly dressed in this Versace gown is elegance personified. Shades of Champaign meet subtle yet shiny makeup and a neat hairdo to perfect her look. If you forgot to notice it in Lima’s style, here’s another reason why you should go overboard when it comes to matching the outfit with your jewellery.  A cape escapeHuma Qureshi concluded her Cannes journey in Anamika Khanna, and we couldn’t have asked for a more gorgeous good bye!  Leather luxeNoel Capri goes bold and basic in a glossy, black Zuhair Murad couture.  Beaming ballerinaGet over little black dresses, red is taking over the season as Alina Baikova’s stuns in Zuhair Murad.  Roaring redDua Lipa is charming over the world with her songs as well as her unique sense of style. She lives up to our expectations as she steps in an extravagant ruffled red gown by Valentino. Asymmetrical cut, drop earrings, and glossy bun are some of the richest trends to take from this look.  Exquisite easeLipa keeps the drama going strong in a figure-hugging black silk dress. Her look wows with a dramatic heart choker that’s sure to rage this year!  Dress me daisyKendall Jenner blooms in a pink perfect dress!  Heaven’s harmonyEva Longoria redefines the modern-day angel in a glossy Alberta Ferretti gown.					 Keeping up with Cannes 2019? See what’s trending at the 72nd Cannes Film Festival on Day 8:LUXE TUXSonam Kapoor Ahuja flaunts a custom Ralph And Russo couture tuxedo with Chopard jewellery. GIVE ME SOME SUNSHINEShe also turns heads in a bright yellow custom-made couture dress by Ashi Studio at the launch of the Garden of Kings collection by Chopard. BRIGHT FUTUREGiving a futuristic vibe, Diana Penty looks chic in this metallic dress with Kimono sleeves. CAPE OF STYLEHuma Qureshi looks chic in this sari-cape ensemble by Gaurav Gupta. SHARP AND SOFTAishwarya Rai Bachchan makes the juxtaposition of a strong and sharp jacket with a soft and flouncy skirt, looking oh-so chic! MONOCHROME MAGICElle Fanning flaunts the quintessential Dior look in an ensemble created by Dior creative director, Maria Grazia Chiuri. MEN IN BLACKLeonardo Di Caprio and Brad Pitt look suave in their black tuxedos. RED ALERTModel Winnie Harlow takes the red carpet in a red flounce asymmetric dress by Jean Paul Gaultier. 													Find out what’s trending at the 72nd Cannes Film Festival on Day 7:Angelic oomphAishwarya Rai Bachchan looks like a heaven-sent Goddess in a white ruffle gown by Ashi Studio. Fusing fine textures like feather and tulle, Aishwarya complements her look with dramatic, kohl-rimmed eyes and hair pulled back in a bun.  Denim diariesOnly Aishwarya can make denim look so dazzling! The actor makes us believe that if you layer your outfit right you are bound to make a statement. From denim-on-denim to bold printed blazers and pretty play of accessories, there’s nowhere you can’t don denims, Aishwarya confirms. All this with her signature bright red pout.  Free the frillThe fashionista finally made her Cannes 2019 appearance, and we are in awe! In her first look at the festival, Sonam Kapoor Ahuja steps in like a day dream dressed in a vivid Valentino gown, which features all things frill and fancy. The actor teamed this look with a dainty loose braid, amped with the addition of fresh flowers.  Paint me purpleThis has to be one of the best looks of the season! Sonam’s Elie Saab gown is the exemplary blend of smooth texture and the perfect fall of the fabric, made magical with a lustrous purple hue. What’s more? The trend of exaggerated bow keeps going strong.  Roar of royaltyWhile last week at Cannes has established that gold is the new black, this lavish ensemble by Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla solidifies the trend, and how! Sonam channels her inner maharani in this couture gown exuding some whimsical sari vibes. The actor is at the top of her traditional game with a striking choker that completes the look.  Sheer cheerRussian beauty Natalia Vodianova make heads turn in Versace. Her well-fitted sheer gown fuses soft with shine with a gorgeous spin of texture.																		Keeping up with the Cannes Film Festival 2019? Here’s what made news on Day 6:    A starry affairAishwarya Rai Bachchan sprinkles stardust in her golden mermaid gown by Jean-Louis Sabaji couture. She complements the look with a super sleek side part and subtle shades in makeup.  Fire on firePriyanka Chopra Jonas turns up the heat in an shimmery orange gown, bringing open back style back in the game.  A chain meshChopra keeps the metallic fervour going strong in a chic, wrap-around gown. She whips just the right amount of drama with a halter back style, paired perfectly with a plunging neckline and a high-low hemline.  Beauty boundAdèle Haenel gives the chain-me trend a stronger endorsement with a bold, gold statement neckpiece.  Bird of paradiseDiana Penty shines bright in a feathery yellow ensemble by Atelier Zuhra.  Vintage vibesPenty picks a dazzling beige ballroom gown and completes the look with a neat hairdo, flaunting retro waves.  A frill flingHuma Qureshi takes the dramatic, ruffle route in a metallic grey Gaurav Gupta gown. She uses play of accessory for a pop of colour.  Print perfectQureshi approves of the knotted neckline trend in Ralph Lauren. With basic bold prints, soft pink-hued makeup, and glossy wild waves—the actor has blended the look with utter perfection!					 The Princess Diaries  Priyanka Chopra Jonas looked like a dream in an elegant princess white tulle gown. Larger than lifeDiana Penty’s big bow stole all the attention. Flaunt themKangana Ranaut knows how to rock an off-shoulder blouse.  Keep it lightHuma Qureshi looks whimsical in a white column gown with feather detailing at the hems.  Sparkle up Hina Khan shimmers in a metallic off-shoulder, thigh-high slit gown.     Tulle queenDeepika Padukone was spotted wearing a high-low tiered tulle gown.  Pleat itPriyanka Chopra Jonas in a pleated jumpsuit.  One loveKangana Ranaut approves one-shoulder style. Comfort firstDiana Penty teams balloon sleeves top with a slit skirt.  Bling it onHuma Qureshi shimmers in a blazer-dress.  													Our favourite B-town divas are making heads turn at the Cannes Film Festival 2019! Here’s presenting some of the most-awaited looks of the season, coming to you straight from the Day 3 of the event.   Madame metalllicaPriyanka Chopra Jonas looks ravishing in a Roberto Cavalli ensemble. With Chopra’s stunning look, the trend of polished waves keep going strong at the red carpet. Beguiling basicsDeepika Padukone looks like a vision in a custom Dundas gown and brings back the classic black-n-white on the center-stage. And, didn’t we say the bow trend is going to be a ‘big’ rage this season!  Go gold!Kangana Ranaut stays true to her roots, flaunting a custom Falguni Shane Peacock corset with a Kanjeevaram sari by Madhurya. Kangana gives the traditional attire a striking twist by pairing it with gloves for a touch of romance.  Beauty with a causeBryce Dallas Howard makes sustainable fashion the latest fad by opting for a previously owned outfit.  Power suitsShailene Woodley wows in her boss lady look wearing Christian Dior haute couture.  Drops of dewBella Hadid aces the dewy makeup look, and we are in awe!  Lavender loveHina Khan continues to charm on Day 3 in Maison Armine Ohanyan. Do we see geometric textures making their way in our wardrobe?  Gleaming GoddessLadies, ‘tis time to sparkle! Julianne Moore stuns yet again in Givenchy, balancing it perfectly with a pastel cape. Eva Longoria dazzles in a Cristina Ottaviano statement piece.					Southern France gets lit as stars from all over the world flood the city to attend the 72nd Cannes Film Festival. We have hand-picked some of the most talked-about trends that won hearts on the second day of the event.  The classic red-n-goldAlessandra Ambrosio storms in a dramatic red gown, solidifying our love for thigh-high slits and knotted necklines.  Mermaid magicHina Khan’s Cannes debut is all things sparkle in a stunning silver gown by Ziad Nakad. Her look features the current rage of plunging neckline and peppy play of silver.  Flower powerElle Fanning takes a fresh spin on florals in a floaty dress, made more magical with a milkmaid braid.  Leather loveJulianne Moore comes dressed in a statement Louis Vuitton gown, throwing in just the right amount of leather luxe.  Pretty pastelsFrédérique Bel brings carefree pastel hues to the red carpet, and we’re in awe.  Team textureChris Lee make heads turn in Balmain suit with a strong take on texture.  Shine on shimmerAmber Heard oozes oodles of glam and glimmer, flaunting makeup by L’Oréal Paris. Formal-alleyMonia Chokri make basics look beguiling. Chic sleekSelena Gomez steal hearts in a gorgeous navy blue ensemble, donning a daring deep middle part.					  It’s that time of the year when May gives us a boost of all things glam and glitzy. The 72nd annual Cannes Film Festival got off with a spectacular start on the May 14, and is here for an exciting run till the 25th of this month. To help you keep up with everything that is trending at the red carpet, here’s whipping you a quick look book:  Haute high-slitEva Longoria Baston in Alberta Ferretti blush gown   Chic sheerJulianne Moore dressed in Dior  All-white aesthetics Alessandra Ambrosio flaunting Ralph & Russo Fearless fuchsia Izabel Goulart in a custom Etro gown  Sassy sleek updos Chloë Sevigny and Selena Gomez in Louis Vuitton Polished waves Romee Strijd wearing a lace gown by Etro  Stay tuned for more!																		Hustle is our daily dose of adrenaline, life is happening on the go, and comfort isn’t about leisuring in bed but launching towards new endeavours—we’re the millennials! To cater to the needs of our fast paced lives, here’s listing five new launches of 2019 that will help keep your athleisure game going as strong as stylish. Spykar GymJnsToday, there’s little time for anything, leave changing outfits thrice a day. This is why your favourite denim pants get a sassy makeover with GymJns. Spykar’s newest launch is everything you have been wishing for, think—great fit, comfy fabric, sporty style, and crazy stretchability. GymJns offer a four-way dynamic stretch in comparison to the two-way stretch of their regular variants, which make the switch from fun to fitness and leisure an effortless affair. In addition, it comes with the ease of quick drying for a completely hassle-free experience. All this with a cool and carefree semblance apt for fitness ethusiasts! Reebok PureMove BraAs they say, a good workout begins with the right wardrobe selection. To keep you fit and fabulous, Reebok is here to help you get the best out of your exercise session with PureMove Bra. Reebok’s sports bra offers a seamless fit with breathable perforations that feels like a second skin, so that you can move freely without any distraction. What’s more, you can make a statement with its unique colour collection—cold grey and bold teal.  Santoni SneakersWhoever said one needs to give up comfort for a striking style, didn’t hear about these Italian beauties. Santoni Sneakers team excellence of its ergonomic craft with utter elegance. Santoni’s handcrafted shoes are one of its kind, which adds to a sophisticated look. It’s ideal for professionals who are looking to incorporate athleisure in their work wear wardrobe.  Reebok x Gigi Hadid Clothing CollectionAnother exciting launch from the house of Reebok brings fashion and fitness together, and how! Bold, sporty, and uber-stylish, Reebok x Gigi Hadid clothing collection is an authentic representation of the model’s love for all things athletic. Chunky sneakers, uber-stylish track jackets, retro body suits…there’s a whole range waiting for you! Featuring vivid stripes, color-blocked patterns, and 90s-inspired designs, Gigi made sure to have her love of volleyball come through in each element of the collection.  Skechers D'LitesGoing gaga over the chunky sneaker trend? Skechers D'Lites collection is your playfield; go pick a pair that suits you the best! Skechers’ all-new range of sneakers showcases a wide range of dad-shoes that reiterates the 90s love for kicks, being offered in an interesting palette of bold, vivid colours.																		Are you letting conventions carve your style? This season, get more creative with your outfits! Instead of steering straight to the women’s section, why not explore the crazy potential of menswear to get more out of our wardrobe. Stepping away from trends won’t just feel like a breath of fresh air but will also make you stand out stylishly within your clan. Here’s how: Baggy jacketsWe’ve said it enough time that capes are taking over the season. From casual western to ethnic and formal wear, they can be seen everywhere. Pick an easy-fitting men’s jacket to take your breezy summer look a few notches higher. Basic teesLoose clothes are the way of the season. Swap your fitted T-shirt for a men’s tee that hangs loose and helps you beat the heat in style. You’ll be surprised with the range of cool graphics that the collection offers. Tuck the tee in to give your outfit a sultry definition.  													Blazers If you are building your boss lady wardrobe, opt for a blazer to complete your formal look. Picking ‘em from the men’s section offer a host of styling hacks. These blazers come with a longer length than their feminine counterparts, which pairs well with short dresses and pencil skirts. They fall comfortably and give even the most basic of outfits a sharp semblance. Wear it unbuttoned and with rolled up sleeves to feign the fit. Button down shirtsFound your preferred print in the men’s section? Take your pick without giving it a second thought. Give your men’s shirt a dainty finish by donning it with a haute high-waist skirt, throwing it over a slim-fitted tee, or better still, go for a tucked-in look with tight pants. Cool capsIf you feel hats and scarves are taming your wild spirit, set it free with caps.  													Power dressing is ruling office corridors as pants, blazers, and tailored suits take centre stage for working women. Six well-known designers show the explorable options:Nikhil ThampiCutting edge“I strongly recommend a blazer as it offers the perfect combination of formal and semi-formal for office-going women. A high-waist pencil skirt is a versatile option, and can be teamed with a variety of tops. You can also don well-fitted trousers, palazzos, and cigarette pants with different blouses for a smart look. Lastly, you can never go wrong with a crisp white or an oversized shirt.”Shruti SanchetiReality bites “With rapid globalisation and increased urbanisation, the average Indian woman is a working one and rubs shoulders with men. Wear outfits keeping cultural ethos, weather conditions, and your body type in mind. Easy-breezy silhouettes that are practical can be worn to work. Linen, chambray, rayon, and cotton are easy to maintain, so I suggest these fabrics. You can opt for neutral colour palettes and smart details, that will give a formal yet stylish spin to your ensemble.”Genes by Lecoanet HemantFuss free“Working women have always been muses for us. To ensure that empowerment shines through, combine clean lines and functionality with impactful details. We believe, mixing of textures and contrasting hues creates a powerful wardrobe. A sleek skirt or trousers in either beige or black are wardrobe essentials. Further, use belts and wallets to bring the look together for a perfect office ensemble.”Saaksha and KinniPrint party“Swap the classic white shirt and black trousers with a printed co-ordinate set. Instead of wearing a monotone pencil skirt, opt for an organza printed bottom, and pair it with a contrasting patterned blouse. You can also replace a plain black pantsuit with a bright-hued top and chequered trousers.Wearing bright prints will not only bring creativity to your work space, but also make the monotony of getting ready fun.” 													Overdoing trends can become ubiquitous and get boring. Only if you knew what a slight change in pattern or an addition of a bold accessory could do to your style, you would never have a dull day again. Here’s bringing you 5 creative ways to spice up your wardrobe this season: Sassy suits It’s no news that pant suits are a big rage in 2019. However, keeping in line with the formal effect, it’s being sported in basic colours and patterns. Make your executive look meet the shimmer trend, go glam with prints and patterns, or swap you pants with a long skirt. Tip: If you're going for shimmer, pick a stripe-patterned suit to strike the right balance.  Big beltsThis is an accessory that has the potential of amping any outfit almost intentionally. Give your dainty collection of slim belts a rest and go for a big, bold variant for striking definition. These belts will also give your outfit a well-fitted semblance.Tip: Stick to colours that can blend well with several outfits. For starters, think black, brown and beige.  Ruffle Formal wear is not the first thought that comes to the mind when we say ruffle. But that need not be the case. Swap that prim pencil skirt for a sassy ruffle skirt or go for haute ruffle sleeves, and give your office wardrobe a flirty twist.Tip: Opt for an office-apt, knee-length skirt and let the ruffle do the talking. You will be the new talk of town.  Plunging neckline B-town divas are going gaga over this trend, and why not! This fashionable tweak can amp an elegant look with a flirty twist. However, their red carpet appearances have made us believe that it’s limited only to the ballroom. It’s time to break out of this myth and sport a plunging neckline in a basic top for a brunch date, or a summer dress for a stroll in the beach. Go wild and pair a black statement piece with a white suit-pant, if you will!Tip: Don this neckline in a no-pattern basic colour to bring the best out of it.  Bow Why should boys have all the fun? Let’s release this fashion favourite from its gender-specific role and make it a part of our work wardrobe.Tip: Play with different delicate designs to add more personality to your outfit. Feminine is in!Go on, give it a go!					Winter is finally over, and we’re happy about the sunny days to be here again. You’ll be shedding those heavy jackets and coats and finally be able to show off the latest trends in fashion as you step out. Here’s looking at the trends this season that will have you turn heads. While the previous year was all sorts of the frivolous extravaganza, this year is more about practical functionality with a generous dollop of extra. Animal printsAnimal prints started making the rounds of runways sometime early last year and in filtered into our closets in full force by the end of the year. The predatory prints from the ’80s had made a massive comeback but with the much-needed makeover! The well-known prints are so much chic and oh so covetable now. What was once considered a bold statement for the wild-hearted is now being sported at ease by the shy too. Cheetah, leopard, snake, zebra, you name it and the print is available at your go-to an e-commerce site. Styling an animal print is a little tricky as you do not want to look like you belong to the circus! Steer clear of heavy fabrics like wools and velvets and opt for smooth and silky outfits such as silks and cotton. Start with a skinny leopard printed bodysuit and boyfriend jeans with boots and work your way up to a snakeskin evening gown with strappy black heels and minimalistic jewellery and you’re all set.  Utility dressingRemember days you were looked down upon for leaving your house in oversized sweats and cargo pants? Well, it turns out that you can proudly flaunt your baggy cargo pants and sneaks this year, all thanks to the utility dressing rage! Welcome to 2019 where function meets fashion in the form of unpolished practicality. It is nothing but practical, laid back and super comfortable clothing. 2019 has functionality written all over it. Imagine practical oversized clothing in muted tones. Combat trousers, chic overalls, trench coats, baggy sweats, sneakers are taking the fashion world with a storm and we aren’t complaining one bit. The key to nailing the perfect utility look is to style the pieces. If you haven’t experimented yet, start with styling functional clothing with tailored pieces. Start with layering an army jacket over a solid black jumpsuit or playsuit with black boots and move ahead. Also, you can jazz up your khaki trench coat with a red lip and a silk scarf for the perfect date look or can sport those ‘ugly’ trainers with a sleep skirt suit at work and be practical, comfortable and oh so chic at the same time. Win-win!  Cycling shortsCycling shorts are nothing new; in fact, Princess Diana regularly sported them with crew necks long ago. Fast forward to 2019, and they are easily the biggest trend of the year. They were unmissable on the runaways and have been marking territory in online and offline stores in abundance. And not, not just in the regular black spandex garment we’ve grown up with but jazzed up in pretty colours and prints and embroidery. It goes without saying that the humble piece of sportswear has graduated the fashion ladder by heaps and how. The garment that was once worn for physical activities is now being sported under blazers to the boardroom. And oh, it is Kim Kardashian approved too! Women all across the globe have taken a fancy for these bodycon shorts and are pairing it off with anything and everything. From boardrooms to date nights to soirees, these shorts are hard to miss. You too could dip your toes in the water by the pairing of a solid coloured one with a loose oversized tee for your regular coffee runs and upgrade by sporting metallic ones underneath blingy long blazers. It isn’t clear on if the trend is here to stay or not, but that doesn’t stop it from being everywhere at the moment! Oversized2019 revolves around the word oversized! From oversized unstructured jackets and t-shirts to oversized huge sunnies and hats, there’s no stopping really! (Yep, that means we would have to put away our skinny sunglasses from last season!) While last season was more sleek and minimal in terms of accessories, this season is all about exaggeration in terms of hats, belts, bags, etc. The tote bag has gotten a makeover and has blown out really big! Loud hair bands- studded, leather, satin etc too seem to have maximized. Sunglasses are big and bold with added adornments. Chunky jewellery in a more natural form rather than being polished would be a hit this year. Belts too are broad and oversized. 80’s fashionThe thumb rule of fashion is that each trend resurfaces after a few years. There are some that we can’t stand and some we welcome with open arms, like the 80’s fashion. The retro fashion has gotten a redo and we can’t wait to see it on the streets. Imagine belted high waist denim and power suits in neon (remember Priyanka Chopra?) and fringed mullets and big hair. Puffy sleeves, ruffles and shoulder pads are more fashionable than you thought. Although the style is more refined and structured than what it was before. Shoulder pads blazers mean business and are definitely not going anywhere for a long time. Ruffles trims tops and dress continue selling like hot cakes. Statement sleeves too are in the running. Expect to see a lot more of the 80’s fashion this year! Text by Ravina SachdevImages by Yogen Shah Some of the colour trends of the year, ruling the ramps and streets alike, are fiesta (red-orange), jester red, turmeric, living coral, pink peacock, pepper stem (yellow-green) and Aspen gold. While hues like Aspen gold and pink peacock became celebs’ favourite in no time, others too are making their way in style. We have a list of celebrities that have flaunted these raging colours in recent times with utmost flair. Have a look: FiestaAlia BhattMalaika Arora Jester RedSonakshi SinhaKalki TurmericKajal AggarwalShilpa Shetty Kundra Living CoralKiara AdvaniKarishma Tanna Pink PeacockFatima Sana ShaikhDiana Penty Pepper StemAthiya ShettySonam Kapoor Ahuja Aspen GoldMadhuri Dixit-NeneRicha Chadha   From age-old terminologies associated with them like mechanism to ‘cinch your waist’ or to give an ‘optical illusion’ to make your body look hourglass shaped, belts have evolved for good. Today, this add-on is not only used to hold your pants up but has also become a statement piece in an outfit. From Sonam Kapoor Ahuja’s ‘barely there’ to Deepika Padukone’s side-knotted belt, we’re talking of an accessory existing in multiple forms. Being aware of its quality to make an ensemble look uber stylish at once, our Bollywood divas are using and reusing them with different sets of separates and outfits. To know how our desi girls have adorned themselves with it, scroll down: Sonam Kapoor AhujaDeepika Padukone Alia Bhatt Fatima Sana Shaikh Katrina KaifPriyanka Chopra JonasShilpa Shetty KundraKalkiVidya BalanKriti Sanon Are you someone who likes to keep up with fashion trends? If yes, then this style will keep you company for a long time to come. We’re talking about animal prints (tiger, zebra, cow, leopard, snake). If you are a maximalist, go for a head-to-toe animal print look. If not, then add a dash of the pattern in the form of an accessory like a scarf, a pair of shoes, trendy sunglasses or a handbag. Being in a country that lives and breathes Bollywood, let’s dive in and have a look at some of our desi girls (and, boy) who have donned the print and carried it well: Priyanka Chopra JonasPeeCee’s snake printed shoes are offsetting the otherwise sophisticated look.  Sonam Kapoor AhujaTeaming a suit with a zebra printed blouse to maintain the balance between ‘work and play’ is the smartest combination you’ll find.  Ranveer SinghWhen our Gully Boy decides to go minimal (Yes, you read right) wearing only one garment with prints.  Kalki If Kalki’s look wasn’t cool enough, the head scarf just added the extra oomph.  Malaika AroraChic all the way! Karishma TannaGo wild like Karishma.  													Gone are the days when eyeglasses were considered unfashionable and boring. Today, there’s no smarter accessory to add to your look. They give a polished appearance that’s both sexy and strong. In fact, the trend is winning so many hearts that not only are they being donned with prescription lenses but also as no-power lenses, purely to make a fashion statement. All for the artsy effect! As we know, 2019 is about going bold and individualistic in your fashion choices. So, go for a fat frame, pick a sleek one in an oversized variant, or take the classic way. Catch on this spectacle rage with these celeb-inspired looks:OVERSIZED glasses clearly lead the list It’s never too modern for the RETRO-ROUND frames Ooomph up with an AVIATOR Sassy and sleek SEMI-RIMLESS framesBack to the BASICS 													Minimalist and sassy, the most appealing jewellery trend of the year spells all things quaint. While statement necklaces and chunky earrings are very much in play, they are limited to adorning occasional events. For an everyday appearance, more and more people are looking for accessories that are glamorous but subtle, and enhances the outfit instead of overpowering it. There’s more to it... The season is witnessing a thrust of natural and wild energy, and animal motifs are being donned everywhere from drop earrings to dainty rings. “Animal motifs like butterfly, peacock, fish etc. have always been an evergreen trend. They depict the beauty of nature and the vibrant shades of one’s personality. The beautiful colours of a butterfly, for instance, depicts particularly well in drop earrings and pendants. If you are buying fashion jewellery, match it right with your outfit to get an effortless quirky look with animal motifs.” Tells Pradnya Mhaske, the Head of Jewellery Design and Merchandising at CaratLane. Check out how the popular jewellery brands are living up to this trend: CaratLane CandereShazeKalki Fashion Malabar Gold and Diamonds  													You might have had a love-hate relationship with chokers, but they became fashionable 500 years ago and are still raging among fashion enthusiasts in their evolved forms. After gaining prominence in 1990, the tattoo choker returned to claim its spot again in 2015. Whereas, today, the velvet, lacy, beaded, chained, and pearled neckpieces are going strong and are constantly metamorphosing in terms of size and material. Not to be left behind, Bollywood actors are walking hand in hand with jewellery trends where ethnic chokers top the list. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja was spotted in a dainty choker adorned with pearls, Kareena Kapoor Khan went for a jadau neckpiece. To know how other B-town divas styled the ‘It’ trend of the season with different outfits, scroll down: Sonam Kapoor AhujaIn Amrapali. Kareena Kapoor KhanIn Anjali Bhimrajka. Deepika PadukoneIn Sabyasachi.  Alia BhattIn Sabyasachi.  Malaika Arora In Satyani Fine Jewels.  Pooja HegdeIn Anita Dongre. Shilpa Shetty KundraIn Rare Heritage.  Katrina KaifIn Tanishq.  Karisma KapoorIn Birdhichand Ghanshyamdas.  Kiara AdvaniIn Joolry.  Bipasha Basu Singh GroverIn Falguni Mehta.					 It’s time for all of us to make a resolution to not fall prey to body figure stereotyping and make it all about self-love. Not trying to hide behind frumpy clothes that do you no justice is one way to do that. Finding out and understanding your body type is something to be thankful for, however making it a stereotype is not. So all the apple body-shaped woman, pear body-shaped and also the full-sized hourglass body-shaped ladies, stop being used to the embarrassing yourself, rather start embracing yourself! With numerous brands breaking the beauty taboo with real-body campaigns and policies we celebrate every woman with perfection. If you are curvy, it is important to dress according to your size. Say goodbye to every oversized clothes and slide into the outfits with the right fit that will hide your problem areas and highlight the right angles of your frame. Styling from top to bottom can bring a vast change in your look. Have a look at some great style tips for real girls who felt too voluptuous to wear certain items, and we're here to blow those myths right out of the water. LINES AND SHAPES You need your first impression to be fab-worthy, and it is all about your lines and shapes that draw the eye. One great trick is to wear monochrome ensembles. This makes the viewer’s eye move up to down, or vice versa, forming one uninterrupted line, which makes you look tall and slim. If you’re looking to enhance those curves, then opt for a bodycon dress in the right fabric like jersey. You can also wear ensembles that have lines narrowing at the waist and spreading away at the bust and the hips. The lines can be in the form of a print, stitches, pleats, etc. A dress with a plunging V-neck and a cinched waist which then flairs out below, also gives the illusion of an hourglass figure.  THE RULE OF THE HEM Knowing where hems or borders should be on your body can help you lengthen the frame. A knee-length skirt, for example, should sit just right under the knee, never around the biggest part of the calf.  The hem of the jeans should be at the ankle, or (even better) an inch or two below. If you are not of average height, buy your clothes, specifically the bottoms from a retailer that gives you perfect length options. Well, hems can be tricky sometimes but the best thing is to not to have a clue about it and find a tailor with a good eye, trust them and learn as you go.  SAY 'NO' TO OVERSIZED CLOTHES Just beanpoles look great in larger than the average dress size! Don’t add volume to your body by wearing oversized dresses. Instead, pick the clothes that are body-skimming (not too tight) and show your curvy side. Say no to a giant t-shirt, but a maxi or kaftans that skim the curves and have some belt at the waist is cool. If you want an easy profile, or if you got your favourite graphic on a tee or tunic then pair it with tighter trousers or jeans and make it to your advantage. MIND THE SHOES It’s always a head-to-toe thing and what you put on your feet that matters. Pointy tips and low heels can make you look slim, whether you are pairing it with a skirt or a pair of pants. Try to find a shoe with a vamp the ends at the top of your toes, other than halfway around. Shoe styles with low vamps include ballet flats and pumps. High-vamp shoes include Mary Janes and loafers. WHAT NOW, ACCESSORIES? Long chains, not chokers are good to go, especially if you got classic apple shape and short neck. Your focus should be on creating long, unbroken lines along your body. No mood of jewellery? Grab a long scarf helps for the same effect. Layering your jewellery is another way of drawing the eye vertically. From choker to long chains, layer with a couple of them together. Even when wearing bangles and bracelets, stack them up.  VOTE FOR LAYERS Contrary to stereotypes, layering doesn’t necessarily add volume. Instead, it sometimes gives your body a definition. Wearing a tank top with a pretty cardigan instead of one-piece dress or T-shirt can help to underline your shape.  Ensure though that you don’t layer with bulky garments.  EMBRACE YOUR HIGH WAIST High-waisted pants are your companion. They help tuck in folds and fat and minimize muffin tops since they end at the slimmest part of the waist. Ensure they're long, finishing at the lower leg or underneath, following the rule of the hemline.  Dress to make yourself feel good, and you will make heads turn!  Text: Akruti Khandkar 													Step into summers with a fresh hair style to set the tone of the season right. Amp it up with a fresh colour hue, cut it short for a sassy touch-up, beat the heat with ponies and buns, or better still…feel the wind in your hair in style with an exaggerated side parting. Here’s how to take on the sunny spirit, this year:Cool colourWavy bobNaughty knotDeep side partOn-point pony 													One of the top fashion cities of the world, Paris, witnessed its annual fashion week (February 25 to March 5, 2019) recently. Manish Arora, Stella McCartney, Givenchy, among several other designers, showcased their latest collections with undeniable excellence. Some of the trends spotted at the fashion week of the French capital are listed below. Have a look and rework your wardrobe: BeltsDiorRahul MishraFrom Dior to Rahul Mishra, cinched waists remained a designer favourite. Broad shouldersMaison MargielaGivenchyJumping on the bandwagon of maximalist lovers are Maison Margiela and Givenchy. NeonManish AroraSaint Laurent One of the hottest trends of the '80s, neon is back for good. Studded outfitsBalmainFor that extra edge, don a studded outfit.  Flower powerStella McCartneyFeminine and stylish always include floral print.  See-throughValentinoOpt for a sheer dress for a bold and daring look.  Exaggerated silhouettesAlexander McQueenChoose exaggerated silhouettes to look larger than life. 													There’s only one occasion that’s more special than the ‘bride pride,’ and that’s the playful cadence of a bridesmaid. Why’s that, you ask? It is because you get the perks of that dressy, dreamy milieu without the collywobbles of a bridezilla. If you are priming up for your besties wedding, here’s what on the trends platter to help you customize your bridesmaid look for the season. DressWhile lehengas hold their place strongly in the wedding wardrobe, indo-western outfits are gaining crazy admiration in 2019. If you’re sticking with the former, you can give it a contemporary twist with an atypical colour like electric blue or switch up your outfit with a blazing print. Take a cue from these on-trend attires. Bright bold prints Stunning sharara dressesFantastic fusion  Hair From the ramp of Lakmé Fashion Week to the red carpet of Nykaa.com Femina Beauty Awards, 2019 is experiencing a fashion fever of all things wavy. Soft polished waves, mesmerizing messy tresses, and everything in between is winning over divas and here’s how you can don this hairdo too. Sexy side swept Soft textured wavesDressy messy ponies  Makeup This year, the makeup palette sees a move from the traditional red look to softer tones of the pink and brown family. Dramatic, kohled eyes nonetheless slip strongly into popular 2019-trends too. Soft pinkBrown and beigeThe classic wing  													Bollywood brides have been tweaking the traditional trousseau to add a personalised touch to their D-day look. Deepika Padukone brought the white-gown-veil to our red Indian wedding, Anushka Sharma introduced the pastel power, and Priyanka Chopra Jonas had a fresh take on the classic ruby rage. Taking a cue from these celebs, here’s a compilation of how modern brides will be quirking up their wedding wardrobe this year. The experimental bride  The contemporary traditional bride The pastel perfect bride The fun fusion bride  The colour queer bride   													Everything is grand and maximalist when it comes to Milan. This season too, we witnessed a range of trends and styling tips from one of the most celebrated fashion extravaganzas of today. Glam giants like Versace, Gucci and Armani gave a visual presentation of what ‘expression through fashion’ is all about. They are testimony to the fact that styling is an art and one of the most fundamental ways to present yourself to the world. Below are few glimpses of the fashion week to upgrade your MO: GucciAfter all-black everything, it’s head-to-toe red that will be talked about.  VersaceHave a quilted leather jacket in your wardrobe? Take it out and layer it with a turtleneck top to turn heads. Or, sparkle in a column dress adorned with chunky jewellery.  ArmaniDon velvet, taffeta and silk separates together next time for a striking look. Also, navy and black are cool to be teamed in conjunction.  EtroBring the vintage style back with a jacquard jacket or a bustier mini dress.  AtticoPink and red is the perfect mash-up for a ritzy look. Offset the clash with a third hue.  Tod’sBermuda shorts are back in the trend. Flaunt them everywhere you go.  Stella JeanChequered wrap trench coat is a synonym for high fashion today. Team it with a neutral turtleneck underneath to appear ramp-ready. Also, animal print is everywhere, unveil your wild side with it. United Colors of BenettonTake cues from UCB on how to rock the rainbow trend.					PastelsA perfect choice for an OOTD, these sweet-looking hues can be paired with almost anything in your wardrobe. With flirty silhouettes and romantic textures, you can mix and match your pastels with neutrals or with other pastels. FloralsUnleash your inner girl by wearing these pretty floral dresses. This trend gives a huge shoutout to the '80s era with the bold styles, shades and silhouettes. NeonNeon clothes aren’t just for the runway, they are immensely wearable even in your daily wardrobe! See below some of our favorite picks that are guaranteed to make your outfit stand out. Natural tonesEarthy tones, in contrast to vibrant neons, give off a more grounded vibe. If your style falls under the classic spectrum, then this trend is for you																		Other than giving an outfit a flirtatious spin, sheer is loved by celebrities and fashion enthusiasts for its feminine appeal. It not only adds grace to an ensemble, but is also an extremely light and comfortable fabric. Here is a list of some Bollywood divas who have embraced the sheer trend in saris, gowns, ethnic separates, and dresses. Check them out:Sonam Kapoor AhujaPriyanka Chopra JonasShilpa Shetty KundraKriti SanonKajolKangana RanautAthiya Shetty 													Find out the hottest hair trends of 2019 that stole the show at the red carpet at the Nykaa.com Femina Beauty Awards 2019. Ponnies were a big hit, while straight tresses took the ultra-sleek route. Also, curls got a messy finish and the glossy-wet look re-entered the fashion game with a bang. The hairstyles spotted were an envious mix of elegant and flirty. So take cues and ace that perfect hairdo that’s sure to make heads turn!Deepika PadukoneSara Ali KhanTwinkle KhannaTaapsee PannuTabuRaveena TandonAdah SharmaZareen KhanDaisy ShahGayatri Bhardwaj  Anukreethy VasMrunal Thakur Lopamudra RautRadhika MadanShama SikanderAsha NegiPhotographs: Vinay Javkar																		Maangtika is a must-have that has long been a bridal essential. This statement piece has a bold semblance that takes any ethnic look several notches higher. In 2019, this traditional treasure is no more limited to bridal wear alone. The current wave of fashion is seeing the love of maangtika extend beyond lavish Indian weddings, exploring its potential to the fullest. Here is how our favourite celebs are donning this elegant piece of jewellery on every occasion. Mark of minimalism Keeping it contemporary The classic crescent Way of weddings  													If there’s one makeup essential that can instantly amp up your look, it is a powerful pop of colour for your pout. Lip colours set the tone of your appearance and make even the most basic outfits stand out. What’s more? It is the easiest and quickest way to up your style game by turning a subtle office semblance into a bright brunch look with a pink shade, or an evening look for the drinks with a red pop. This year, the trendy lip palette largely accommodates diverse shades of pink. Spanning striking colours from pastels to fuchsia, it is being sported in both matte and glossy textures. The classic red shade holds its place strong in the 2019-collection too while the quirky orange takes a backseat this season. And the nudes… Well, the subtle charm of nude shades is taking over hearts like never before, and with it comes the '90s love for browns back in the box. Here’s why: Marvellous majenta pink  Subtle soft pink  Ravishing redBlazing brown Nymphic nude 													The most treasured attire of our tradition, sensational sarees never go out of fashion. There’s something about the six-yard-wonder that blends effortlessly with both, a casual get together as well as a festive celebration. It graces budding beauties as much as it adores the charm of maturity. Precisely, a saree is eternal and extends to everyone who shares the love for ethnic.Time and again sarees have adopted contemporary ways to make every new wave of trend its own. This year the biggest fashion extravaganza—Lakmé Fashion Week—brought some ramp-fresh ideas for wearing sarees while also revisiting many classic styles. We’ve consolidated a list of these latest saree looks for you! Play with different designs or textures in your blouse and pair it with a plain saree to fabricate a subtle yet striking look. Abhishek Sharma 													Team dark-and-soft shades from the same family to flaunt a colourful palette. Latha 													The long-standing love for thick fabrics in saree is back in the game. Seems like it is time to pull out all the Banarsi and Kanjivaram sarees from the back of your cupboard. Shailesh SinghaniaShailesh Singhania 													Contrasting this classic charm is the light, sheer sarees that exude a rich yet breezy enigma. Latha 													Gold is the new black. Shailesh Singhania 													Pastel colours have been a big hit amongst western outfits lately, and saree is all set to embrace its ethnic side. Latha 													Going the bold way? Resort to prominent prints.Shailesh SinghaniaShailesh Singhania 													Elegant, full and three quarter sleeve is another eye-catching trick to make your outfit stand out. Shailesh Singhania 													Ramp looks are often assigned to ostentatious occasions only, given its glam and glitz…but not anymore. Life is too short to wear an outfit that doesn’t bring the best out of you. Experience the power that exudes when you feel your outfit, that wave of excitement which comes with the assurance of—‘You got this, girl’. Feel your fashion, and ramp your way to success. This millennial mantra comes to life with the easy-breezy, street style featured at LFW SR’19. Incorporate these looks in your daily wardrobe and give your 2019 a fashionable upgrade. Go glowLatha Lacy missy Misfit Panda Sheer dearLatha Aesthetic athleisure Reebok Sale Fury with Bodice Formally phenomenal Boat Presents Kunal Rawal Suit up in stripes Boat Presents Kunal Rawal  Power prints The Woolmark Company by Péro and Bhuttico Flowy fever Reebok Sale Fury with Bodice Keep up with the colours Misfit Panda Classy corporate Abhishek Sharma The most-awaited week in the style industry is here, Lakmé Fashion Week Summer/Resort 2019 began with quite a bang! Apart from looking forward to celebrity showstoppers, we're also dying to see what kinds of trends emerge from this season’s fashion extravaganza. So, without further ado, let’s check some of them out: Live life queen sizeExaggerated sleeves are huge this season and designers Gauri & Nainika believe in its power. Other than giving a glamourous spin to an outfit, big sleeves draw attention to your shoulders and highlight them beautifully.  Colour playThe second show #artmeetsfashion by designers Ajay Kumar, Bobo Calcutta, Helena Bajaj Larsen, and Yavi saw some vibrant designs spelling confidence and quirkiness.  Polka dotsThis raging print of 1930s is back for good. Gauri & Nainika embraced polka dots in their recent line making a stunning feminine appeal.  Modest fashionModest fashion is on rise and INIFD Launchpad left no stone unturned to bring it in the limelight with its self-effacing yet stylish line.  SuitsBreaking the shackles of old stereotypes, suits today are not confined to work wardrobes but have extended its boundaries to parties and other casual spaces. Designer Sneha Arora brings them into focus.																		With the rise of chunky accessories and edgy silhouettes, the love for dainty, frilly ruffles could be hard to come by. But, knowing that this fashion trend would be pervading your world for the next 12 months, perhaps it's time to reconsider. To help you with the same, we have rounded up some of the celebrity looks featuring this much talked- about trend. Check them out: Deepika PadukoneIn Gauri & Nainika and shoes by Balenciaga.  Sonam Kapoor AhujaIn Rejinapyo.  Shilpa Shetty KundraIn Ridhi Mehra and choker by Amaris.  Tamannaah BhatiaIn Rose Room Couture.  Kiara AdvaniIn Arabellaa top teamed with Topshop pair of jeans and shoes by Christian Louboutin. Mouni RoyIn Kara. Anushka SharmaIn Cinq à Sept.					The first major social media trend of 2019 has entered the realm, and grandly! We have been looking up to these celebs to stay à la mode season after season, their wardrobes have evolved and so have ours with them…and here they are, taking us for a trip to nostalgia by sharing then-and-now pictures of their decade-long journey. We can’t help but cheer at how they have raised our style quotient over the years. So, here’s appreciating them for their fashion fads, their awe-inspiring demeanour, and for just being so stylishly them. Sonam Kapoor Ahuja takes the ethnic route, sharing her love for Indian attires that she has held so closely for all these years.  Dia Mirza hasn’t stopped stealing hearts with her graceful glamour.					Bipasha Basu Singh Grover made us believe that confidence is the most important accessory that one needs to complete any outfit, and she continues to live by the rule.  Same pose, same sass, and there we have our sensational Shilpa! If Shetty Kundra is to be believed (do you still doubt after this post!), ‘yoga se hi hoga’.  Maybe it’s yoga, maybe it’s in their genes. Shamita Shetty is the perfect pictorial portrayal of—chin up, princess!  Gorgeous then, gorgeous now! Kim Sharma is here to show how you can keep exploring different styles and ace all of them…with those drooping eyelids, of course.  And whoever said you can’t get your style game right the very first time, clearly didn’t stumble upon Diana Penty’s glam.  Mandira Bedi exudes strength like no one else. One rule: Stand tall.  A great smile goes a long way…yes, over a decade if you have one as warm as Ayesha Takia’s.  The fashion icon of the television world, Anita Hassanandani is proof there’s nothing sexier than a happy glow. Well, flirty florals don’t hurt either!																		While Bhumi Pednekar was spotted in a yellow Ekaya piece, Kiara Advani shone in a printed bustier teamed with skirt by Label: Anushree. Our other ‘IT girls’ of Bollywood are digging big time on this fun and lively colour. Check out what they wore: Bhumi PednekarIn Ekaya. Kiara AdvaniIn Label: Anushree.  Kangana RanautIn Madhurya.  Shilpa Shetty KundraIn Faabiiana.  Tamannaah BhatiaIn Sukriti & Aakriti.  Nargis FakhriIn Label: Anushree.  Rhea ChakrabortyIn Sukriti & Aakriti.																		From Minnie Mouse in 1928 to Dior’s best-selling New Look piece in 1954, polka dot print has taken everyone aback with its feminine and romantic appeal. Its fan base ranges from Hollywood actor Emma Stone to Bollywood beauties Sonam Kapoor Ahuja and Kareena Kapoor Khan. Be it on clothes or accessories, this print ups any look to its epitome. Let’s check out how our B-town divas have styled the trend: Kareena Kapoor KhanIn a Masaba sari.  Sonam Kapoor AhujaIn an Erdem velvet dress.  Sara Ali KhanIn a Pretty Little Thing dress.  Anushka SharmaIn a Sabyasachi suit.  Kangana RanautIn Good Earth India.  PatralekhaaIn House of Neeta Lulla.  Swara BhaskerIn a Mango dress.					 Winters see you bring out those old boots and show them the light of the day. Only issue: You’ve worn them a number of times last season and they just don’t feel that special anymore. How you wish your boots had some colour or a fringe or even a shiny buckle. Sigh! Fret not. With some easy fix tricks, you can upgrade your boots to the latest fashion trends of this season and always stay in style! Buckle up!What you need: Belts, scissors, hot glue.How to make: Cut your belt measured according to the roundness of your boot at the calf. Use hot glue to attach your belt onto your boot. Hold it in place and let it dry. Cut off any unwanted extra belt length and buckle it around your boot. Add extra notches if required. You can repeat the same procedure using more belts with different colours or textures and you have your very own cowgirl boots! Cool cutsWhat you need: Ruler, penknife, chalk.How to make: Draw or trace the design of your choice onto your boot using chalk. Size your grid according to your liking. Use the pen knife to cut out the parts you wish to keep hollow. Once done, wipe off the chalk marks with a damp cloth and you cut out boots are ready. This DIY is easier to work with semi-thick leather that won’t lose shape or tear after cutting. Dazzling tipsWhat you need: Paintbrush, gold/silver pearl shine paint, a thick masking tape, fixative sprayHow to make: Add masking tape a few centimetres away from the tip of the boot. Press firmly. Paint using the gold or silver paint making sure the paint doesn’t go under the tape. Paint smooth and even coats to get a smooth surface. Allow it to dry for a couple of hours and remove the tape. Wipe off any stray dried up paint. Spray on the fixative spray and let it dry for 24 hours. And voila! Lace all dayWhat you need: Lace, pins (if required) and fabric glue.How to make: Cut strips of lace that is long enough to go around your boot. Arrange your pattern and pin it so it holds your desired shape. Using tiny amounts of glue, attach it to your boot. Let it dry completely. You can even add a few beaded chains and feathers for a complete boho look. Retro kicksWhat you need: Masking tape, matte finish paint, brush, scissors.How to make: Cut pieces of the masking tape and stick them onto your boot in any desired shape. You can make a star shape or go abstract and stick the tape onto your boot in any way you like. Once this is done, paint over the design you've created using any matte finish paint of your choice. Let it dry and peel the tape off slowly to reveal your design. Continue making more designs or simply stick the tape in equidistant parallel lines to create stripes for a sporty look.Text: Yvonne Jacob 													The glamour industry revolves around fashion cycles and trends that dominated once, have returned to claim their spot again. We found some unique styles at the recently concluded spring/summer fashion week that have all it takes to make it big this year. Check them out: Tight/micro pleats From Givenchy to Balmain, this style is in the good books of everyone.  Boyish shortsAfter cycling shorts making the rounds among fashion enthusiasts last year (thanks to Kim Kardashian West), we’re happy to bid it adieu and welcome these comfortable shorts into our wardrobes in 2019. Tie-dyeLike it or not, SS19 ramps were swamped with this '60s print. Apparently, designers from Prabal Gurung to Stella McCartney are its recent ‘dye’ hard fans. What about you? Fancy flatsFlats are the new heels, they say. And fashion emperors concur. Only, along with being comfortable, flats will be fancier and more detailed in 2019.  FringesFringes have been with us since time immemorial. Difference is you’ll get to see them more this year in apparel as well as accessories.  NeonThis trend has always had a love-hate relationship with us. Whatever may be the case, designers are not done with neon yet and it will be making a bright appearance everywhere this year. Exaggerated sleevesHave thin shoulders? No worries, exaggerated sleeves got you covered (literally). Image credits – Imaxtree.com																		“Don't be into trends. Don't make fashion own you, but you decide what you are, what you want to express by the way you dress and the way to live,” said fashion emperor Gianni Versace. And, we do concur with him. However, knowing what our favourite celebrities and designers indulged in 2018 will not hurt anyone, will it? Fashion this year was surprising and challenging, in India and abroad. It took us back into ‘90s with the resurgence of styles like gold hoop earrings and fanny packs. And, swamped us by its revolutionary and modern approach through sustainable and androgynous fashion. We witnessed fashion giants such as Chanel jump on the bandwagon with Stella McCartney and Vivienne Westwood to go fur-free. While many others partook in a conscious decision to opt for faux leather over real. So, without further ado, let’s check out some of the trends that made waves in 2018 and will hopefully continue to do so in the coming years: Gold hoop earringsFrom International models to global icons such as Priyanka Chopra Jonas, gold hoop earrings looped in, one and all.  BeltsBe it saris or dresses, cinched waists were accepted by everyone, including Kangana Ranaut and Karisma Kapoor.  Chunky sneakers With a liking for everything bold and beautiful, chunky sneakers made a major comeback this year and Alia Bhatt embraced it in a big way (literally!).  Sustainable fashionSustainable brands and designers like Doodlage, Pero and Bloni, to name a few, remained the talk of the year.  Gender neutral fashionAndrogynous fashion too made rounds and gained immense popularity in the midst of decriminalisation of section 377. Here, actor Prateik Babbar, along with makeup artiste and stylist Jason Arland, are walking for the label Chola at Lakmé Fashion Week (LFW) W/F ’18.  Animal printAnimal print roared among fashion enthusiasts (global icon Priyanka Chopra Jonas) and designers alike, with its incomparable appeal.  Exaggerated sleevesFrom knee-length to floor-touching sleeves, 2018 saw it all. Here, the model is walking for designer Mohammed Mazhar at LFW.  Deconstructed shirtsDeconstructed shirts and saris raged this year in all its glory. Sonam Kapoor Ahuja approves of the trend.  MetallicShimmery and sequinned pieces made a shining appearance on ramps (Amit Aggarwal at LFW) as well as at red carpets in 2018.  SuitsWomen suits spelt power and dominated wardrobes, with  Kangana Ranaut and Sonam Kapoor Ahuja giving it a big thumbs up.																		Be it winters, monsoons or summers, this global icon never fails to surprise us with her trendsetting sartorial picks. From sporting a deconstructed suit to elevating basics by teaming them right, this desi girl knows how to play well by the rules of fashion. PC is aware of the power of pairing separates right and is often seen putting this knowledge to its best use. Let’s check out some of her top street style looks that left us in wonderment: First a meeting and then a party to attend right after? Check (literally).  Contemplating what to wear on a “casual” day out with your girlfriends? Here’s your answer.  Layer right for winters, with a dash of refreshing prints.  Need Monday motivation? Dress as stylishly as PC, with a full cup of coffee.  Who said parties aren’t fun on chilly nights? Hop on in one of these pearl-studded sweaters paired with knee-length leather skirt and thigh-high boots. Don’t forget to give a funky personality to your outfit with a cool bright coloured handbag. In case you prefer options, and are a big fan of Kurt Cobain.  Simplicity is the key, they said. Another Monday motivation look? Try to hangout more with trench or eco fur coats in the monsoons to appear super cool.  Going on a hot date? Wear red. Going out with friends? Wear red. Going with family? Wear red (Okay, we made up the last one). Tone down on colours on that summery afternoon.  Or don’t!  Team a bright top with light trousers or pants for a subtle fashion statement.  The next time you plan to go out for brunch, wear a comfortable pencil dress with pointed heels, a modish handbag and glares with a dog for your protection ;)  Wear culottes to give a trendy spin to a basic top.					After changing three flights and taking a three-hour bus ride, we landed in Montepuez—the second largest city in the province of Cabo Delgado in Mozambique. The day had been a whirlwind, as we hopped on and off different vehicles. The moment we landed in Mozambique, however, a burst of fresh, clean air welcomed us. The quaint city is home to Montepuez Ruby Mining (MRM), which is a Mozambican company developing operations at the ruby deposits in the city, and covers approximately 33,600 hectares. A leading supplier of responsibly-sourced coloured gemstones across the globe, MRM is owned by UK-based natural resource company Gemfields (75 per cent), and Mozambican company Mwiriti (25 per cent). We spent two days in the heart of the most recently discovered ruby deposit in the world, and unearthed more than just these precious crimson stones. 													The journey beginsOver 500 million years in the making, ruby, or ratnaraj (meaning king of the gemstones in ancient Sanskrit), is an extremely rare stone, cherished by royalty, social A-listers, and collectors alike. We went to see one of the mine pits on the first day, where rubies are deposited as alluvial or colluvial material over a weathered bedrock.Rubies were first discovered in Montepuez in 2009, following which, Gemfields and Mwiriti signed an agreement in 2011 to officiate the mining process. MRM uses a multidisciplinary approach for mining—geological (rubies that are typically associated with certain rocks or minerals), geophysical (airborne survey—magnetic and radiometric), and geochemical (determining chemical signatures of hidden mineral deposits). The sheer size of the mine pit was staggering, and it brought forth the concern of what happens to it once it has been exhausted.Mining with a conscienceMRM is committed to mining in a way that has the least environmental impact. Jack Cunningham, Sustainability, Policy and Risk Director at Gemfields, explains, “Before we mine an area, we collect seeds of the indigenous plants and trees from the top soil and create a seed bank. We then grow the seeds in a nursery for replanting as we complete mining.” Along with encouraging biodiversity, old pits are back-filled and rehabilitated, and no harmful chemicals are used during the mining process. “Machine oil is carefully managed and stored, machines and vehicles are maintained by our in-house teams, and all spills are cleaned up and the contaminated soil is bioremediated,” says Cunningham.The road to development was not an easy one, and initially, the company faced resistance from the inhabitants. Cunningham recalls, “There was uncertainty from the local community about what the benefits would be and how quickly they would receive those. An influx of thousands of illegal miners also caused social problems at a time when we weren’t yet in a position to help the community. Since 2014, however, we have had a dedicated team on the ground that carries out community engagement, and addresses their needs and grievances, and the relationship with them has vastly improved.” MRM has provided employment to 1,110 people, both directly and via contractors, 95 per cent of whom are Mozambican nationals. The mining company has also helped nine farming associations (two of which are dedicated to empowering women and in total represent 290 partner farmers), and taught them new techniques that have increased yields. Looking at the community as a whole, the company has invested in infrastructure for four primary schools (three of which are new), providing education to 1,000 primary school-aged children. “Schooling is the responsibility of the state, however our infrastructure atleast helps the government with a costly aspect of public education. Once established, we hand over the schools to the government for their onward management as a national asset,” elucidates Cunningham. The establishment of two mobile health clinics serves thousands of people across six villages. Isac Rafael, Director of the Namanhumbir Health Center, Mozambique, stated, “With these mobile clinics, it’s possible to care for patients in the most remote areas without sanitary units. This also gives easy access to pregnant women, children, and the elderly, who don’t have to travel long distances.”The final stepWe spent the last leg of our journey in the wash plant and sorting house, where the raw stones are processed and graded according to their colour, size, and clarity. We witnessed how a team of highly skilled sorters picked rubies from the rubble, in a secure environment. Their hands worked like machines as they separated the precious stones in silent harmony. The final pieces are then auctioned off by Gemfields and till June 2017, a total of eight ruby auctions have generated a revenue of US$280 million.We entered the city with a bunch of preconceived notions, and after spending two days in the shoes of a miner, left with hope for the Montepuez community. That’s what you get in this city of Mozambique, along with beautiful never-ending blue skies, and a warm community that believes in co-existence.					Diwali is a time for gifting - and buying something for ourself and our home. What to buy? Femina puts together its favourite picks in fashion, beauty, accessories, décor and more.					FASHIONHigh glossNothing screams power more than high shine fabrics worn appropriately. While last season was all about plastics in apparel, this season is all about high gloss on any and every fabric texture such as leather, satin etc. Right from long wrap-around coats to pants to even see-through dresses, high shine is marking its territory everywhere. But beware if worn out of proportion or styled incorrectly, the trend sure can fall back easily. The best way to start would be with a high shine statement belt on a solid outfit and move upwards to high gloss trimmings on outfits and then take the plunge! “I feel high gloss fabrics can somehow add sheer sexiness to the look. I personally love wearing statement gloss t-shirt dresses and black or nude shoes,” says lifestyle blogger Naina Ahluwalia. Plaid and simpleThe key to play with plaid is to not go overboard with it and style it with colourful bright accessories to brighten up the look. “If you ask me about plaid, I can only and only think of the term classic yet trendy. Plaid can be played around with prints and colours but it's not a trend, I would call it an evergreen print that everyone needs to have in their closet. Of course, every year something or the other trendy using plaid comes up and those make good additions to the closet,” shares lifestyle blogger Aleena Macker. You can try your hand at plaid button-down skirts or bright plaid co-ordinates or even plaid mules, there’s no stopping this season. Add a dollop of feminine to plaid through glam jewellery, bold lips or bling bags and watch your style quotient go through the roof!Fringe benefits The best part about the fringe trend is its versatility. Not only can you incorporate these sassy strings into your wardrobe but you can also sport it through any medium i.e. through an accessory or clothing piece or even footwear. “You have a variety of different options when it comes to fringes. You can play around with beads or metallic ropes or even denim, the list just goes on and on,” says fashion blogger Puja Wani, “A well-fitted tee with fringes on denim looks really chic for the day and pair a contemporary sari with a fringed noodle strap crop makes heads turn at a social soirée!” ACCESSORIESSkinny sunglassesWe are totally crushing big time on skinny sunglasses to go along with our skinny tall soy lattes. Trust us when we say that a pair of these can totally escalate your look within seconds. What started with a few sightings on Instagram influencers has only gone up on the fashion ladder with everybody adapting to the style. One thing is for sure, the 90’s skinny game is here to stay for a while and you could try experimenting with the same. While the black skinnies sure do seem like a classic, there are a lot of varieties to choose from. You could go crazy and pick a pair of colour tinted glasses to go with super ripped black denim and a black crop or could try white rimmed statement sunglasses over an all-white outfit for the local Sunday brunch!Bag that styleThe trend started with designer labels such as Gucci and Prada displaying embellished bags on runways and it has only been widely appreciated and accepted by the masses. Imagine bags with tiny fur trims and pearls and fabric patches with logos or numbers. The size of these goodies ranges from tiny shoulder bags to handbags to even totes! A great bag can make or break the look and these embellished bags undeniably enliven the look in a jiffy. Macker says, “For bags or any kind of accessories including shoes, I absolutely love embellishments. It gives so much more character to pieces and if you can customize the embellishments there is just nothing like having your own unique piece. I have to say the Gucci has set the bar high with their embellished bags.” Try carrying a denim shoulder bag with faux pearls and diamonds on a classic white blouse and blue denim to the lazy Saturday lunch with the girls or a box bag with adornments for the cocktail soiree the week after and be indebted to us forever!Dance in trans(parent)!While we were throwing our everyday essentials in a plastic see-through bags last season, this season is all about transparent footwear (now we can openly flaunt our pedicures!). Clear PVC sandals are selling like hot cakes and by the looks of it, this trend is definitely here to stay. With Chanel kicking off the trend early this year and going crazy with plastic covered everything, most designers followed suit. If you think wearing see-through shoes is bizarre, you could participate by wearing a combination of plastic, leather peep toes or sandals with plastic straps, or footwear with plastic heels. You could most certainly wear PVC boots on a bodycon lacy dress if you’re ready to bear it all! Fashion blogger Madhavi Dey says, “PVC shoes are a major life saver. I love wearing these statement pieces see through ankle boots on an all-black ensemble as it just adds the right touch of edge to the outfit.” BEAUTYGive a clean(se) chitWe have finally come to the realization that cleansing oils aren’t the bad heroes we made them out to be. In fact, they are seen to be the most liked product currently. Cleansing is the most effective way of getting dirt free, crystal clear and soft skin in a jiffy and cleansing oils seem to deliver all that and much more efficiently. Experts confirm that while cleansers do strip your skin of natural oils, cleansing oil does not clog your pore. Beauty blogger Stacey Castenha says, “I’ve started using a cleansing oil and it only does wonders to my skin. Not only does it cleans my face really nice but also leaves it glowing and super soft. This is one product that is never exiting my vanity.” Looks like it’s time to put this oil down on the list of things to buy this season!Enhancing beautyThe trend that started sometime early this year has only grown. Face serums are a game changer and people are only starting to realize. Whether your skin is acne-prone or dehydrated or dull, there is a magic potion available for every skin type and for every skin related problem. Majority of us Indian women suffer from dehydrated skin and the answer to that is moisture-based hydration face serum. “People always thought that face serums are a strict no as they make the skin too oily or clog the pores but 2018 has been a game changer. People are understanding their skin like never before and adding these serums to their daily beauty regime,” informs Catenha. Time for a much-needed skincare shopping run! Inclusive beautyA little while back, Rihanna upped her game big time after releasing her foundation line with FENTY Beauty. The foundation that came in a variety of 40 different shades (yes, 40 different shades and we aren’t even joking about it!) made our lives so much simpler. People all over the world went crazy as they no longer had to mix a few different shades in order to create the one suitable for their skin. This started a movement that every skin tone is unique and deserves to be celebrated. It was only logical that soon other beauty brands followed suit and started going beyond the customary 10-15 shade range. “Today, it’s all about customization. Right from outfit to beauty to even food, everybody wants something exclusive designed just for them. The inclusive beauty trend is definitely here to stay and is only going to get bigger and bigger with each season,” says Wani. DÉCORGeometric accentsAs Pantone predicted geometric accents have certainly proved to be the hottest trend of the year in decor. What started as modest triangles and circles on tiny vases and tableware here and there has only blown up and manifested itself on objects everywhere. The octagons and hexagons are repeatedly making bold appearances on items such as home furnishing, tiles, wallpapers, fabrics, etc. among others. Interior decorator Heena Sabhnani shares, “A lot of my clients have been taken aback with what the change they saw in their home by incorporating geometric patterns. It instantly brightens up a dull and boring home and adds just the right touch of modern.” Geometric prints are an easy way to up your décor game and give your home the much needed modern touch that it so needed. You too can join on the bandwagon by getting a bright and colourful wallpaper on the bar wall or you can start by dipping one toe at a time and get geometric wall hangings by the dinning or a subtle rug to start with. Frills and trimsWe are as surprised as you are; as for most of us, fringe belongs in the closet. Well, clearly not anymore as the trend has gotten a major upgrade. This season, the style is moving out of our wardrobes and on our décor and we aren’t complaining one bit. Fringe doesn’t necessarily have to mean overdressed. Lightly fringed hems on lamps or a statement fringe trimmed chandelier add the right touch of flirty modern chic. Everything boring is fun again! Fringes are seen making indiscreet roaring appearances on sofa chairs, statement mirrors wall hangings and other zillion things. Again, you could opt for a fringed sofa set for a modern Gatsby look or start with a tiny fringe trim lamp on the nightstand and thank us later!Lush livingVelvet for the longest time has been synonymous to luxury and opulence and the quickest and easiest way to transform your house and give it a luxurious touch is by upgrading your plain Jane furniture with plush velvet pieces. Earlier, velvet was a fabric that was easy to stain, required a lot of looking after, was really difficult to maintain and was available in limited colours. However, all that has changed and today you can get a variety of different shades and options and you’d be surprised at how low maintenance the fabric is and it really doesn’t require much looking after it. You could start experimenting by getting a plush turquoise throw on or cushions and notice the change or go all out and invest in larger pieces like a purple velvet statement couch with chairs and let it rule your space. Velvet just instantly jazzes up the place like nothing else and adds in a generous dollop of chic royalty. Velvet curtains and upholstery too have entered the market and are slowly crawling into our homes. You could begin with black or dark mauve velvet drapes and move to loud bright hues. The key point to remember is not go overboard as velvet on its own self is a statement fabric so minimalism is the keyword to keep in mind while engaging with velvet. Well, it’s time to go ahead and get your velvet on.Text: Ravina Sachdev																		Although monotone and monochrome outfits are safe and can be worn on multiple occasions, going multicolour is bold and daring. In Bollywood, actor Ranveer Singh is popular for his peculiar yet striking dress sense. Similarly, Sonam Kapoor Ahuja and Kangana Ranaut never fail to make headlines with their feisty sartorial choices. Here is a list of some other actors who have embraced colours with pride.Ranveer SinghDeepika PadukoneSonam Kapoor AhujaKareena Kapoor KhanKangana RanautManushi ChhillarJanhvi KapoorTwinkle KhannaFreida PintoShruti HassanRaveena TandonSonakshi Sinha Recent award shows, ramps, and high-end events were awash with all-white outfits. From snow white and ivory to eggshell white and vanilla, Bollywood celebs have been going gaga over this pristine hue. To remain on top of the trend you can follow the lead of Kareena Kapoor Khan’s edgy look by wearing Flow The Label’s off-shoulder top paired with striped trousers or you can take cue from Katrina Kaif’s Anamika Khanna ruffled asymmetrical dress worn with a matching duster jacket. Have a look at our top picks for the season, and stock your wardrobe with this versatile shade:Kareena Kapoor KhanKatrina KaifSonam Kapoor AhujaAnushka SharmaHuma QureshiEsha GuptaTaapsee Pannu One thing that is never up for compromise is to look one's best at all times. To do so is vastly simple and it turns out that we were fussing over the wrong waistline this entire time! All you need is the knowledge about the many waistlines available out there, and know the perfect one for you. The dress with the right waistline will give you a flattering silhouette that will highlight all the right areas and hide the ones you don’t want to show! In order to achieve the perfectly flattering silhouette that you’ve always dreamed of, picking an outfit with the right waistline that matches your body shape is all there is to it (cheers all around). So no slumpy, sloppy ill-fitting attire and wardrobe malfunctions because we are here to deliver to you the fashion tips to match the right body shape to the right waistline. It’s the kind of matchmaking we are here to help with! So read on, and get ready for some shopping for the coming season. You will look on point always, and ensure you make heads turn.  EMPIRE STATE OF MINDEmpire waistlineThe first and most recognisable waistline there is the empire waistline also popularly referred to as the empire silhouette, empire line or just empire style. The basic structure of this waist pattern is categorised by the tightly fitted bodice that ends just below the bust to deliver the whole high-waisted look. The obsession with the high-waisted line began during the 18th century and was brought to fame by the empress of the first French Empire, Napoleon Bonaparte’s wife, Empress Josephine de Beauharnais; which is where the whole regal reference is sourced from. If a style was good enough for an empress, you can be sure it’s good enough for you as well. The entire style is part of the neoclassical style that was obsessed with imitating and replicating or rather reviving the style that could be seen in the ancient Greek and Roman which portrayed women wearing long gowns clinched under the bust.Perhaps it's old-time origins and traces in the 18th century that give the style a wonderfully romantic appeal. The flowy and really luxurious feel it imparts makes your inner Greek goddess preen with appreciation, accompanied with the fact that it’s incredibly comfy with zero constriction is an advantage that has very women sighing in absolute relief. Its old-time origins and traces in the 18th century that give the empire waistline style a wonderfully romantic appeal.Match-maker: The empire waist is designed in such a way that it sits above a woman's natural waistline and generally accentuates the bust which is why it is ideally always accompanied with deep scoop necklines or sweetheart and V-necklines.   This style is perfect for those with pear-shaped bodies i.e. having a slim upper body and a more voluptuous lower body. As such if you don’t want to draw attention to your hips then empire waistline is the way to go. The waist tends to emphasise the narrowest part of the body and camouflaging the wider lower body. It’s also great for short people because the raised waistline creates the appearance of extra height. Now, for the don’ts - avoid the billowy, voluminous fabrics. Pleats and gathers are another no-nos.It is best to stick to with A-line structures or sheath that help to highlight your body’s best features instead of hiding it under too much fabric. When wearing an empire waist top, the best choice of bottom wear is either skinny or straight legged pants. Pairing it up with voluminous wide-legged tend it delivers a rather frumpy, disproportionate look. Empire waist dresses are ideal for pregnant women as its flowy and comfortable. DROP DOWNDrop waistAfter the waistline was pulled up to new heights, the winds of change eventually made their way through the world of fashion and according to the laws of the universal: what goes up must come down. So after the waistline enjoyed the lofty highs, during the roaring 20s, it dropped down to become the distinctive dropped waist style. Around the time when women were finally breaking free from a vile instrument of torture also known as the corset, they decided to adopt more masculine silhouettes. It was believed to be seen as female liberation from traditionally-accepted shapes. A dropped waist sits below the actual natural waistline of a woman and is characterised by the line across the hips instead of the waist thereby providing the illusion of a longer torso. The drop waist though popular with the 20’s flapper dresses are more commonly remembered in their 60’s revival. During then the look took on a sportier feel rather than the elegantly sleek feminine look of the 20’s. Designers have experimented around with it for years and while the basic construct was never tampered with, there were several add-ons like belts, pleated and ruffled skirts to give it a little extra something every time.The drop waist though popular with the 20’s flapper dresses are more commonly remembered in their 60’s revival.Match-maker: Dropped waisted looks aren’t quite as popular today as they were before but they haven’t faded into obscurity completely because the whole ‘shapeless’ look is on the prowl and is extremely favoured. The waist makes quite a statement and, if you know just how to wear and accessorise it, it can turn you into an über fashionista who knows how to work any style like a boss. Short drop-waisted look looks fantastic on women with the tall slender willowy figures and narrow hips. With the addition of a ruffled skirt for a flouncy free-flowing look or an A-line skirt for a sleeker formal look, it could swing either way. It would be prudent for women who have a heavier lower half to stay away from the ruffles as it would be super counterproductive and make the lower body look even wider.For those with long legs and a short torso, drop-waisted dress - with moderate heels - works well. And for those with a long torso and short legs, drop waists with high heels will help to balance out the long torso and deliver a balanced, symmetrical look. BASQUE IN ITBasque waistlineWhat could you have in common with a woman who lived during the American Civil War? Nothing much; except maybe your dress’s waistline. The Basque waistline, which is also referred to as the antebellum waistline is a waistline that emerged when the hourglass figure was the shape every woman was vying for. This waistline served to flatter the equally proportioned body of an hourglass shape and has merits for other body types as well.A Basque waistline is flattering V-shaped waistline that is ideally beneficial for curvaceous figures. The style forms a noticeable ‘V’ on the front of the body coming 2-3 inches below the normal waistline. If the pronounced V-shape is too sharp for one’s taste and then the style can also be modified to a softer U-shape. It is a generally flattering style that provides a slimmer and longer torso due to its low ‘V’ and reduces the width of the hips and waist. Though the idea is to love your body no matter what, wanting to take off a couple for inches every now and then using illusionary means is perfectly acceptable. The style originally began as French-fitted bodice or jacket that eventually become part of the dress rather than a separate piece altogether. A Basque waistline is flattering V-shaped waistline that is ideally beneficial for curvaceous figures.Matchmaker: A Basque waistline is flattering for many body shapes; the low V-shaped line lengthens the torso and creates a wonderfully slim silhouette. However, due to the shape of the waistline, the style tends to draw distinct attention to the lower tummy region and if you aren’t comfortable with that then it's best to avoid this style. Pear-shaped bodies or square shaped bodies should not go for this kind of waistline as it would not be able to appropriately accentuate and flatter those kinds of body types. Hourglass and other body types would be able to carry it off perfectly as it helps to balance out the hips and waist due to the elongation illusion the waist creates.   LOSE THE SYMMETRYAsymmetric waistlineThings that are straight and simple are thoroughly uninteresting after a while. In order to shake things up, the fashion industry developed an obsession with everything that was off-centre and unbalanced. And that is because things like that tend to be more interesting. There is more depth, character and visual appeal. From hemlines with varying lengths to slanted necklines, there is something about asymmetrical patterns in an attire that just make the whole look more sophisticated and bold while breaking free from the rigid symmetry.Though an asymmetrical waistline is not as radical as some of the other things in the same school of thought, it is an interesting style to incorporate. An asymmetrical waistline is a style that sits diagonally across the natural waistline. It originates from a point in the natural waistline and then extends down in a slant to the opposite end. In other words, it is just a slanted waistline across your body, high on one side and low on the other.Asymmetrical waistline creates a slimming effect for those full figured or thick-waisted ladies.Match-maker: Asymmetrical waistline is a type of waistline that will create a slimming effect. Thus, it is great for those full figured or thick-waisted ladies. On the other hand, those on the shorter side should stay away from this waistline as the long waist will make the rest of the body appear shorter. However, if you have short height, you should not opt for this waistline style as this will just make you appear shorter. WAIST NOT, WANT NOTPrincess seamThe absence of something is often beneficial as well. Though there exist several types of waistlines to go with every kind of body, there is a particular style that does not need a visible waistline. A style that is much beloved and which is about as timeless as the name itself - the princess seam style. It is a style that will probably never go out of style and is an epitome of soft feminity.A princess seam or line is characterised by the long seams that start from below the arm, or under the shoulder and curves delicately over the bust and down the body to give a prominent long look that that associated with A-line dresses. The seam can be stitched into blouses or dresses to have the desired structure and shape. Due to the way it is designed, the style does not need a waistline since it runs along panels down the body. The princess seam was associated with Charles Frederick Worth, a prominent English fashion designer of the 19th and 20th century who is also acknowledged by many as the ‘Father of Haute Couture’. The style was of course created for Princess Alexandra of Denmark, the wife of King Edward VII. Due to its fitted and figure-hugging design, it was believed to be the first ‘bodycon’ (who are we to deny that fact?).The princess seam works well with any body type as the seams help to slenderize your frame.Match-maker: The princess seam works remarkably well for those with hourglass figures, the long, shapely seams that gather in at the waist and flare out again at the hips. However, the princess seam works well with any body type as the seams help to slenderize your frame.  It’s a wardrobe staple for every lady, kind of like a good pair of shoes or an LBD. Or better yet an LBD with princess seams is a very acceptable option as well.  Either way, knowing what looks good on your unique body is the first step to being fashionably perfect every day but the personal interpretations and add-ons are what make the outfit your identity.  Text: Crystal SymssImages: Yogen Shah and Shutterstock					Cover storyMonochrome jackets look both trendy and sophisticated. You can pair it with a simple white or a black T-shirt along with a nude-coloured bottom and you are ready for a formal or a semi-formal occassion. Here the actor Kriti Kharbanda is wearing a Zara blazer. Suit upOne of the most ideal outfits for office wear is a crisp black and white suit. Wear it with flats or kitten heels and go minimal on accessories. Here Anushka Sharma has paired an off-shoulder blouse with flared pants which makes it look ultra-modern yet fun.  Classic blend Monochrome has been used ample times in Indian wear too, giving it a contemporary spin. Here Shraddha Kapoor has worn a Punit Balana creation. The contrasting prints, along with the right fabric and texture, makes it perfect for a wedding.  Short and simpleBlack shorts with a white T-shirt or blouse look fun and slinky. Here Janhvi Kapoor has worn a Kunal Rawal outfit—black shorts with a white top and a jacket. This outfit could be completed with a pair of black thigh-high boots to look party-ready.  Doll upAccessorising is the key to make a simple monochrome dress look instantly trendy. Here Kangana Ranaut has added a broad black belt and boots to her outfit. You too can play with add-ons to make a simple dress modish.																		Simplicity is the key, but over-the-top (OTT) trend has managed to survive against all odds. The Lakmé Fashion Week (LFW) Winter/Festive 2018 was an evidence of the trend shift and designers like Naushad Ali, Gunjan Jain, Asik Barit, and Anvita Sharma walked their models wearing garments with contrasting colours, unique silhouettes, and exaggerated sleeves. Know how the ramp was set ablaze by these blue-sky creations. Glistening effectHere the model is wearing a Sunita Shanker sari with the pallu ending in front. The brilliant use of lustrous cloth and bright colour is making the overall outfit stunning. The eye makeup and the hairdo is further accentuating the look.  Unapologetic cutsHere the model is wearing a Naushad Ali windcheater with interesting cuts. The colour combination is making the overall look whimsical. The sleek hairdo and the minimal makeup are completing the semblance effortlessly. FusionThe designer-duo, Asik Barit and Anvita Sharma, has used three elements in this creation—vibrant colour, chequered print and exaggerated sleeves. The amalgamation of all these make for a staggering suit.  On fleekThe model here is wearing a Gunjan Jain sari with a blouse inspired by the nib of a pen. The perfect colour combination along with beautiful cuts make this outfit strikingly attractive.  Top-notchThe model here is wearing an Eka creation where designer Rina Singh has used chequered prints and colour-blocking in her garment. The perfect blending of both makes this an exceptional piece.Image credits- Yogen Shah																		Once considered boring, monotone has now become the crème de la crème. Monotone dressing has been ruling the ramps and streets alike for a long time. Spotted time and again during Lakmé Fashion Week (LFW) Winter/Festive 2018, we know that monotone is the trend of the season. Because of which we have picked five fresh monotone looks from the ramp to help you amp up your style game.Start with the basicsWe know monotone dressing could be risky at first and so you can play safe with an all-white outfit. Matching a white top with a white bottom may sound dull but try it once and you would fall in love with yourself. Here the model is wearing a Nakita Singh white top with a white bottom along with a dupatta.  Fashion maestroAll-black is the new black! Wear your perfect pair of black denims with a matching top and complete your look with a black belt and boots. This look would never disappoint you. Here the model is wearing a Mishru black sheer outfit.  NudesNudes are the way to go! A nude bodycon dress looks stylish and hella sexy! Here the model is wearing a Jayanti Reddy all-nude embellished ethnic wear perfect for a wedding.  Go boldOnce you become accustomed to montones, try giving more personality to your look by adding a jacket to your outfit. Here the model is wearing a Mishru fusion wear dress with the same coloured jacket.  Add printsPrinted monotones are in! Try experimenting with prints for a fun look. Here the model is wearing a Mohammed Mazhar chequered all-red outfit. Image credits- Yogen Shah					FusionDay 5 of the fashion week witnessed western wear hugging ethnic wear. The label Mishru showcased an indo-western collection, where contemporary silhouettes were given a traditional spin. Designer Punit Balana too made his models walk wearing indo-western garments. He paired a dhoti with a jacket to showcase fusion beautifully. MonotoneMonotone clothing is a classic fashion trend. Designer Narendra Kumar Ahmed styled one of his models in a red monotone outfit. Designer Nakita Singh too decided to keep it simple yet chic while playing with single tones.  ChecksThis season saw models stepping out in checks of varying sizes. Designer Punit Balana too used checks extensively on his models. Tahweave, a sustainable everyday wear brand, showcased its models donning big, beautiful checks. Flora and fauna printFlora and fauna print has never been out of style. This time too, designers were spotted incorporating it in their collections. Designer Nupur Kanoi showcased her models wearing floral print. Nakita Singh too took inspiration from nature and poured it into her designs. SheerEveryone’s favourite sheer dominated this season. Agami by Neha Agarwal walked its models in beautiful sheer outfits. Designer Siddhesh Chauhan too displayed his male models wearing sheer.					Deconstructed shirtThe trend of deconstructed clothing has been around for a while now. Here at the Lakmé  Fashion Week we witnessed designers playing with this trend. The models at Kanika Goyal were spotted showcasing the deconstructed shirt.Collection by Caprese X Shift also saw some of its models walking the ramp in deconstructed shirts. StripesDesigner Kallol Datta used stripes extensively in his collection this season.Arpita Mehta too was seen playing with stripes in her latest collection. FlatsFlats are the new heels indeed! The models walked in flats for the label, Shanti.The models of Caprese X Shift too walked the ramp in flats with utmost style and ease. RufflesClaiming ruffles to be her favourite fashion trend, Arpita Mehta’s collection was full of twirling colourful ruffles.Collection by Kartikeya and Misfit Panda too witnessed ruffles on its models. JacketsA fashion add-on that never goes out of style marked its territory at the fashion extravaganza as well. Designer Arpita Mehta used jackets with different silhouettes and prints on her models.Armaan Randhawa’s models too were seen donning bright coloured printed jackets.					The Indian hoodieOr as I like to call it—the modern ghoonghat. Looks like our designers are putting an ethnic spin on ways to accessorise your head.As seen here: Rajesh Pratap Singh and Ka-sha Belts over everythingBelts over saris, belts over dresses and belts over maxi dresses—cinch the waist to frame the new-season silhouette. Extra points if you experiment with shapes.As seen here: Lars Andersson, RmKV silks and Vriksh by Gunjan Jain Light scarvesBarely-there fabrics that are there only to dress up the necks. Jewellery is passé. Get your hands on these airy scarves instead.As seen here: Eka, RmKV silks Dress over a dressThis is a little extreme, and we advise you to play with a sheer and opaque fabrics if you are at it. But the results are definitely Instagram-worthy.As seen here: Buna studio, Eka White on white on whiteIf two white layers were not enough, Rajesh Pratap Singh added one extra to the mix. A great option for all minimalist-lovers out there. And if you are afraid to add one more layers, then go for white accessories.As seen here: Rajesh Pratap Singh, Lars Andersson					Shine onThe Abraham and Thakore show had models stepping out wearing ensembles perfect for high-end occasions and extravagant parties.The all-black outfit with gold sprinkled over it is perfect for an evening affair, and Urvashi Joneja made sure to add a little shine to her vibrant line. Belts everywhereVrisa by Rahul and Shikha gave a contemporary spin to ethnic wear, using belts to accentuate models’ curves.Amrich: by Richard Pandav and Amit Vijay was for the bold and beautiful. The creative use of bright colours, patterns and silhouettes along with belts made the line exceptionally breathtaking. Vibrancy at its bestBright and vibrant colours were the highlight of LFW Day 1. Urvashi Joneja, who is known to play with colours, didn’t shy away this time too and used different shades of neon at LFW Day 1.Amrich: by Richard Pandav and Amit Vijay too couldn’t resist throwing colours in their collection and as a result, models shone brightly at their show. All-black The love for the colour black is eternal. Gen-next designer Shweta Kapur made her debut with a line inspired by women on-the-go. She showcased models in all-black outfits with travelling bags.Richard Pandav and Amit Vijay of Amrich: were also spotted experimenting with all-black ensembles. 													 Flared pantsIn today’s world, designers are all about comfort. AM:PM by Ankur and Priyanka Modi threw an exceptionally mesmerising show, where they paired long and flared pants with perfectly cut blouses.Chola by Sohaya Misra left everyone in awe with her garments and use of accessories. In addition to experimenting with flared pants, she exclusively showed inclusivity in her collection and models.					The big news—lilac is set for a major comeback. This year is all about pastel colours, from runways to the fashion streets. Be it shades of almond or subtle hues of cream and pink, this one fashion trend is here to stay for a long time. Find out five different ways you can style these ice cream colours right: Wear a pastel coloured sweater over a simple white T-shirt or top. Pair it with distressed jeans and casual shoes. Add a shoulder bag to the outfit.  Style a striped monochrome top with a pair of black skinny jeans and don a pastel coloured shrug over it. Wear comfortable loafers and a sling bag to complete the look. Pair a tie-up striped top with a pastel mini skirt along with a handbag. Add flats for a casual look.  Wear a printed dress with beige heels ideal for a party look. Also, add a plain pastel coloured bag to offset the prints. Style a printed pastel top with a printed bright skirt for a daring yet fun look. Complete the outfit with a pair of stylish sandals.					Factors like comfort and the rise of casual wear like kurti-palazzo duo has led to fusion wear being one of the most followed trends this season. Today’s women want to combine contemporary styles with a hint of vintage charm. Thus, it becomes all the more important for you to pair the two separates right. Here we tell you five different ways you can style Indo-western outfits: Style a high-low kurti with boyfriend or casual jeans. Add a saddle bag and a pair of oxford shoes to complete the look. Jacket style kurti with a pair of palazzos is appropriate for both college and work. Wear it with loafers or slip-ons. Wear a printed kurta with a pair of printed palazzos for a bold and beautiful fashion statement. Complete the outfit with white sneakers to offset the prints. Don a shirt-style kurta with a pair of well-fitted trousers and add casual shoes to the look. Pair a kurti dress with trousers which is ideal for a casual day out with friends. Carry a tote bag to complete the look effortlessly.					We can’t exactly pinpoint the time when outlandish became fashionable, but it should be around the time when designers like Virgil Abloh and Demna Gvasalia burst onto the scene (of course, Alessandro Michele being the flagbearer). In the past few months, we have witnessed crocs get a couture update, and sunglasses go ridiculously tiny. But what has the caught the fancy of It-girls around the world and even our B-Town club is the ugly sneaker. Inspired from the trainers once seen in your dad’s footwear closet in the ’90s, these oversized sneakers are the epitome of cool today. How to identify them—well look for chunky shapes, stacked sole and (most probably) a fashion-forward celeb rocking these with their on-point style. Here’s proof. We also tell you where to snag a pair at different price points.Janhvi Kapoor's got more than two. Definitely eyeing Aryan Khan and his mismatched pair of Balenciaga.Kareena Kapoor Khan makes it a point to coordinate her outifts well.Not far behind is bestie Karan Johar, who probably was spotted in those Balenciaga sneakers first.Ishaan Khatter also made it to our list with this pair of Nike.Varun Dhawan in this uber-cool pair.Get them:Nubuck and mesh sneakers, price on request, Balenciaga Leather sneakers, price on request, Chloé Leather sneakers, price on request, Louis Vuitton PU sneakers, Rs 3,990, Zara.com/in Polyester sneakers, Rs 2,699, Hm.com Leather trainers, Rs 6,499, Adidas Classics @ Koovs.com 													We are jumping and cheering (pom-poms in hand) as old-school sportswear comes into focus. Cher Horowitz will totally approve of these popular high-collared jackets, oversized logos and sneakers from Forest Gump’s closet. The big comebackUgly sneakers have sneakily made an appearance everywhere. Blame the trend on the inability to leave the 90s behind.On Naisha: Mesh sports bra, Rs 2,595, Nike; polyester skirt, Rs 2,590, Zara; knitted long cardigan, Rs 7,490, Massimo Dutti; cotton socks, Rs 899, adidas; leather block heels, Rs 3,299, Truffle Collection; acetate sunglasses, Rs 7,499, VogueOn Neelaksh: Cotton polo T-shirt, Rs 1,699, Jack & Jones; satin finish trousers, Rs 1,790; cotton bomber jacket, Rs 4,599, Tommy Hilfiger; suede sneakers, Rs 2,499, North Star by Bata; cotton cap, Rs 1,299, adidas The short of itWe can deny it no longer that short skirts and crop tops have been our all-time favourites, especially when paired with funky, colourful and the dopest scrunchies. Linen twin set, Rs 5,951, Nor Black Nor White; gold finished brass metal earrings, Rs 3,400, Eurumme Power pairWe do love the idea of pairing the chicest outfit – a blazer and pink skirt – with comfortable shoes, as we rush around during the busy work week.On Naisha: Cotton blend T-shirt, Rs 1,999; viscose shorts, Rs 1,799; viscose double-breasted jacket, Rs 2,999, all H&M; coloured socks, stylist’s own; leather pointy heels, Rs 51,500, Christian Louboutin.On Neelaksh: Cotton polo neck t-shirt, Rs 1,699, Jack & Jones; sheeter shorts, Rs 12,950; Shivan & Narresh; light weight fabric jacket, price on request, Nike; cotton socks, Rs 899, adidas; leather white shoes, Rs 2,999, North Star by Bata; gold plated watch, Rs 9,900, Just Cavalli Pencil caseLaid-back sets are every man’s downtime dream. Choose a head-to-toe neutral hue and break it with contrasting accessories.Linen shirt, Rs 4,800, linen pants, Rs 4,000, both CORD; suede-panelled sneakers, Rs 13,999, adidas; gold-plated watch, Rs 9,900, Just Cavalli; leather bag, price on request, Longchamp Run the streetsIt’s a great mix of functionality with nuance when you combine tailored trousers with a check jacket. Take this look, with monochrome sneakers, to the streets.Georgette shirt, price on request; pleated pants, price on request; tweed jacket, price on request, all Dior; cotton socks, Rs 899, adidas; gold plated earrings with semi-precious stone, Rs 4,000, Varnika Arora Go big or go homeIt’s the ‘90s all over again – oversized T-shirt underneath matching sets. Wear this look beyond tennis courts.Cotton T-shirt, Rs 2,999, adidas; linen pants, Rs 10,800; linen jacket, Rs 12,000, both Shift; metal watch, Rs 12,000, Just Cavalli Game changerA cropped sweatshirt can be transformed into an ‘It-girl’ outfit with the perfect pair of stripes. Polyester blouse, Rs 799, Zara; chevron patterned skirt, price on request, Fendi; cotton socks, Rs 899, adidas; Faux leather shoes, price on request, Michael Kors; cotton jacket, Rs 4,999, adidas; studded stones earrings, Rs 5,500, Sameer Madan. Finishing touchesGrab your most accessible, cultured staple – polo tees – and pair them with high-waisted shorts for a vintage-inspired look. On Naisha: Cotton long dress with stripes, `3,490, Massimo Dutti; gold finished brass metal earrings, `3,200, Eurumme.On Neelaksh: Jersey T-shirt, Rs 8,900, Shivan & Narresh; Linen pants , Rs 17,006, Verandah Suit upTracksuits have become summer-appropriate. The bomber and track combination is more relevant than ever, even if it is for boardroom meetings. Cotton jacket, price on request; cotton pants, price on request, both Pawan Sachdeva; cotton T-shirt, Rs 2,599, Jack & JonesPhotographer: Vinay Javkar; Hair and makeup Artist: Tashi (Inega); Models: Naisha Bhargabi & Neelaksh Apte (Anima Creative Management); Fashion stylist and shoot co-ordinator: Akshita Singh; Interns: Shirsa Ghosh, Bhoomi Mistry; RETOUCHED BY: Vikas Kamble					There is nothing off about this trend, paradoxical to its name. Off-shoulder style has lived and thrived amongst us since the 1800s–the era of art, architecture, romance and fashion in the form of elaborate dresses. Having a feminine appeal and an ability to blend with different silhouettes has made it every woman’s wardrobe essential. From red carpet gowns to a girl’s go-to date clothing, off-shoulder has found its way everywhere and in everything. Even the Indian bridal wear designers are not spared and are often seen experimenting with the trend. The best thing about it? You need not worry about going to the gym and getting perfectly-toned shoulders— just hop in one of the exposed shoulder dresses and you are ready to go. Here are few ways you can style the trend:Shilpa Shetty KundraHere the actor Shilpa Shetty has styled an off-shoulder peace + love crop top with matching trousers and Zara heels. To accentuate her already beautiful collar bones, she has worn an Azotiique necklace.  Kangana RanautWhen was the last time you saw Kangana Ranaut not slaying? The actor has revamped her style game like no one else. Here she is wearing an off-shoulder Bibhu Mohapatra outfit with Lanvin shoes. That hairdo though! Chitrangda SinghBecause Chitrangda loves everything dramatic. Here she is wearing an off-shoulder, ruffled AlpanaNeeraj monochrome dress ideal for a romantic date.  Esha GuptaEsha Gupta has styled a Gemy Maalouf outfit here. She has styled an off-shoulder top with well-fitted bright-coloured trousers. Going minimal on accessories and makeup is the key, you know! Mouni RoyMouni Roy is wearing an off-shoulder Narendra Kumar dress here. The thigh-high slit and body-hugging style is accentuating Mouni’s curves perfectly. You know this dress is ideal if you want to leave people in awe and appreciation of your style.  Parineeti ChopraHere the actor Parineeti Chopra is wearing an open shoulder, deep neckline dress. The Shantanu & Nikhil floral gown is everything but boring and the actor surely knows how to pull it off well. Nushrat BharuchaWith the perfect cut-outs and colour-combination, Nushrat Bharucha is slaying this off-shoulder, Raquel Balencia flowy dress with utmost ease. This look is hands down ideal for a hot date. Photographs courtesy: Instagram and Yogen Shah					The one fashion trend everybody is endorsing is athleisure–a trend in which workout clothes are given a streetwear edge, so that they can be worn to the gym and beyond. B-town fashionistas like Kangana Ranaut, Alia Bhatt and Anushka Sharma are often seen in these fresh, sporty looks. The trend has been embraced by major high-fashion brands and has been spotted on the runways for a few seasons now. There are three things you definitely need to flaunt this look—a comfortable outfit, a cool pair of sneakers and a major dose of attitude. Let’s see five different ways of sporting athleisure: Pair a printed short sleeve T-shirt with track pants for a casual day out with friends. You can complete the look by wearing white sneakers for women or sport shoes.   A plain T-shirt paired with printed track pants is an ideal combination for a lazy college day. Add converse shoes to complete the outfit and look simply stylish.  A spunky jacket paired with distressed light-washed jeans is perfect for an airport look. Complete the look with brown boots.  You can accessorise a simple athleisure outfit by adding a cool backpack to it. Pair a tank top with classic joggers and you are ready for a movie date followed by a shopping spree. Complete the look with either white sneakers or sport shoes. Pair a casual tank top with training tights to look gym-ready. Add boots to your outfit instead of sneakers and you are good to hit the club at night.  					The one piece of clothing that can make any outfit look well-styled instantly is denim. Believed to be invented in 1873 by Jacob Devis and Levi Strauss, denim has come a long way since its inception. Today, it has forayed into footwear, accessories, furniture and even vehicles as seat covers. From the most eminent designers in the fashion fraternity to celebrities and even influencers, denim has spared no one and is everyone’s go-to clothing item. We tell you five ways you can style denim this season and look stunningly fashionable:What comes to your mind when you think of comfort and style together? A stylish pair of casual jeans indeed! Considered a wardrobe must-have, a pair of casual jeans could be styled with a simple, embellished T-shirt. To make the outfit look swish and smart, add-on a pair of white sneakers or flats.  When our favourite skinny jeans become a big no-no in the monsoon season, bootcut jeans come to our rescue. Pair them with a printed, chiffon shirt to keep your look easy-breezy. Complete this look by wearing crocs or slip-ons.  Wearing denim-on-denim is one fashion combination that can never go wrong. Style a well-fitted denim shirt with a slightly lighter shade of denim culottes and you’re ready to take on the world. Complete the look with floater sandals.   A-line skirts are in vogue! And what’s better than having them in denim. Don an off-shoulder, striped top over an A-line denim skirt to look perfect for a casual day out with friends. Pair the outfit with monsoon boots to complete the look. What is the perfect colour-combination you ask for women's fashion? White and denim hands down! Wear a printed white T-shirt, on skinny white jeans and pair them with a denim jacket. The entire ensemble exudes chicness. Complete the look with white sneakers.					Isn’t this statement the absolute truth? With the recent incident at Cannes 2018, where American actor Kristen Stewart was seen removing her heels on the red carpet as a protest against the film festival’s dress code—all female guests should wear heels–the message was crystal clear: No more telling us what to wear! With well-being as the topmost priority, women have consciously replaced the gut-wrenching experience of wearing stilettos with congenial foot candies, sneakers! According to a report by NPD’s group retail tracking service, sales of heels dropped by 12 per cent in the year 2017, while the sneakers market witnessed a boom of 37 per cent. Experts claim that other than factors like comfort and health concerns among women, one rationale seen for the decrease in the sales of heels is casualisation of every occasion. Let’s find out how Bollywood celebs are rocking the trend. One of the leading actors in Bollywood, Alia Bhatt flaunts her Madison pants and Adidas sneakers at the airport. Her off-white handbag, paired with the coolest pair of black shades, completes the athleisure look.  In her Alcoolique trench, Shopbop white crop top and Deme by Gabriella pants, Shraddha Kapoor slays this look in all its glory. The Zara shoes worn by the actor complete the outfit effortlessly.  When it comes to style, Malaika Arora can never go wrong. Here she styles an airport look by wearing a Narendra Kumar outfit.  Actor Mahira Khan looks exemplary in this perfectly styled outfit. Her flawless ensemble paired with YSL shoes oozes modishness and excellence.  When it comes to new trends, the Bollywood fashionista can never be left behind. Kareena Kapoor Khan looks simple yet stylish in this airport look. She wears an off-white shirt with a pair of well-fitted denims. The sporty sneakers complete the outfit with utmost ease.  Sophie Choudry surely knows how to pull off an all-denim attire. The Gucci shoes effortlessly complement her Topshop outfit and Claudie Pierlot jacket. The arm candy by Jimmy Choo and the Fendi glares complete the look.					It was 2011 when Quirk Box took root. Co-founded by Jayesh Sachdev, it was a venture to bring his art to many through fashion and décor. What he didn’t know was that all their products will be sold out within the first week. Their quirky – as their name rightly suggests – designs are well appreciated and have had many takers even amongst the celebs like Deepika Padukone, Ranveer Singh, Priyanka Chopra, Alia Bhatt, Parineeti Chopra, Amitabh and Abhishek Bachchan, Kangana Ranaut and Kajol. The brand defines itself as a fashion and lifestyle label that exudes wearable eccentricity. “That, in addition to rich colour, graphic art and playful sophistication define our essence,” Sachdev mentions in the brand information, “We are synonymous with all things fun, offbeat and quirky. Our exuberant approach to the everyday encourages personal style with a dash of incandescent charm. We call it life in technicolor.” An artist by passion, a designer by choice and a creative entrepreneur by vocation, Sachdev talks about the brand, his journey and making people a walking gallery. It shouldn’t have been such a surprise though. Sachdev is an artist, designer and entrepreneur. He graduated with a Degree in Visual Communication at Lasalle College of the Arts, Singapore and holds the national record for having painted India’s largest concept artwork. Alongside running the Quirk Box, he continues to practice as an artist, exhibiting through New York to Bombay. He has won many awards including British Council Young Arts Entrepreneurs India 2008, Tiger Translate India Arts Awards and Crow Bar Asia Advertising Awards and he is also a credited TEDx speaker. Apart from his art, he is an avid photographer and loves to play tennis. Quirk Box also, is an award-winning label, alongside its founder. It won the Best Urban Wear Label – India award at Grazia Young India Fashion Awards in 2015. They have showcased their collection at the Lakme Fashion Week since 2013. In previous interviews, the artist-designer who is inspired by Sabyasachi and Manish Arora told the story behind Quirk Box, “There is an oddity and sense of innovation that is a virtue of Quirk Box. This oddity, this quirkiness, and this implicit need to be original and fun put together are what we like to call the Quirk Box. We’re here to be different and carve a niche of our own in this ever-growing industry. The strategy is to only provide fresh, quirky and unimaginable designs to our customers and reach out to prospects that haven’t yet been exposed to quirky fashion and lifestyle.” Living up to its story and its name, each collection by this brand has been unique and out-of-the-box. Not one to follow trends, but to set them, he has kept true to the essence of the brand with each collection, having come up with new and interesting prints every time. “Our USP is our strong understanding of design and fashion and our inherent traits of wanting to create something original each time,” he explains, “We are not aping trends, even though our works have a very strong ‘pop art’ essence, we are neither imitating designs, nor finding inspiration from Bollywood/Hollywood or popular culture, we are constantly striving to create innovative art that spells individuality.” Sachdev and his brand are all about expressing their art through various mediums, and thus was the Quirk Box Design Studio born. “I am primarily a visual artist,” tells the man who believes that ‘design is art with a function and business is applying that design into context’, “I have no formal understanding of fashion. My art and illustration aesthetic are what makes Quirk Box distinguished. The art that is made for Quirk Box is put into fashion, but fashion is only one such medium onto which my art can be applied to. We can design your space, your business identity, textile prints, wedding cards… the scope is diverse and limitless.” Through this independent design studio, the design style that is inherently Quirk Box can be hired as a service and not just as a product. We have a tête-à-tête with Sachdev talking of the milestones he’s reached in his journey till now, his inspirations and aspirations. Can you tell in brief about your journey to date?It's been a decade that I've been an artist; so it’s clearly been a long and exciting one. I started out as a Jr. Art Director at an agency in Singapore, after graduating from an art school. I eventually moved back to India to start Emblem, my design studio. That didn’t initially kick off the way I'd have imagined and I occupied myself painting. Before I knew it, I'd become a full-time artist. I founded Emblem Tee, and the Emblem Art Gallery and later Quirk Box. I like to believe I'm a creative entrepreneur as much as an artist. Along the way I picked up a few accolades and awards, it's been a frustrating, enriching and a learning journey, and I'm probably not even close to halfway where I'd like to be. Were art and design something you wanted to pursue from the start?I wanted to write. I wanted to play tennis and football. When I didn’t end up pursuing those as career options, I had a strong idea that I would be inclined towards a Visual Arts career. What inspires you to create?There is something magical and whimsical about creation. You have freedom. I enjoy this freedom of being a creator.  What inspired you to start Quirk Box?As an artist, you tend to have a limited audience. Often affluent or far too niche and restricted. This meant all my creative ideas and visions would manage to reach a small audience. I hoped that a lot more people could firstly, witness my art and secondly, afford it. Quirk Box was started to be a functional art label. Instead of buying my art on a canvas, you could now buy it as a garment. When you wear Quirk box, you are a walking gallery of my imagination. You started with an online store, and haven’t gone for the traditional retail format. Was that a conscious decision? Do you plan to have your own store in the future?The idea was always the penetration of the market. If you've lived in one place too long, you become a frog in a pond. You have to go out there and tell your story to everyone. I didn’t want to be tied to a physical space. I needed my art to be everywhere. And online allows me to reach 200 countries as opposed to one specific location that a brick and mortar are about.Since the start, you have come up with out-of-the-box designs. How has the response been?We turned seven in April. It's been wonderful. We've dressed commoners and celebrities alike. Won the awards that mattered and got the features that matter. We've sold from Pune to Peru. I have much to be grateful for. How’s the Quirk Box journey been till date? Can you tell us in brief about the milestones in this journey?When we started out seven years ago, we started out wanting to create something exciting. We had unrealistic ambitions, we wanted to reach the entire country, but a part of me believed I was being delusional to expect it. A week into our launch we were sold out and we realised we had created something larger than we knew. It has been a learning curve. Meeting incredibly talented people, incredible experiences, winning relevant awards, dressing fashion goddesses, it opened new windows of opportunities and experiences, from the fashion weeks to dressing A-listers. It's been a long tough exciting ride.Where do you get your inspiration from when you come up with new collections?Inspiration is everywhere. We find inspiration from our experiences and surroundings. There is no preset for this. Every day is a new experience and ideas are ever evolving. The fabrics you choose, the prints, the colours… Why do you choose what you do?I make art that I chose to make. We do not restrict ourselves with the art. The freedom of creating is why we started this. This is not trending determined. The fabrics that are chosen based on the season, cotton would work in warmer weathers, crepe and silks in the festive season. Since we print a multitude of colour, we also need to pick fabrics that allow us to print the kind of art we make. We also try to keep our prices in-check so the fabrics determine the same. Can you tell us about your latest collection?Our summer collection Chikanobu was inspired by the 18th-century Woodcut Artworks of the Japanese Artist Toyohara. I love all things Japanese, and Japanese art was something I've always been intrigued by. My wife Priyanka who is now the Chief Illustrator at Quirk Box was truly inspired by the idea of recreating his works in a contemporary context. The artworks of Emperor Meiji, the Japanese Cranes, Waves and Geisha's all features as artworks in the series of our Summer Resort wear. We used Crepe this season. It is light in weight and the blend we use is easy on sweat, heat and wash care.Who is your inspiration? I am inspired by my travel experiences. Food, small, the unknown that is exciting brings with it new stories to tell. Stories that we tell through art and fashion. Your most and least favourite parts of designing?Every day at work is a challenge; a new challenge. The amalgamation of art and business is something I am excited by. I thrive on this. Having to solve internal conflicts of tailor/labour is a rather annoying part of the profession though.What in your opinion is your biggest achievement so far?That I am able to sustain art in a country that has no value for it, is my biggest achievement. Quirk Box was one of the first of its kind with the designs that you came up with. These days there are many who do similar or “inspired” designs. Your take on plagiarism in the industry.Everything is an inspiration, and everything is a copy… some more than others. I see a tree and I draw it. I copy from nature. Some see the drawing of my tree and copy it. Unfortunately, due to the weak intellectual property laws and ambiguities, this won’t change anytime soon. In the meanwhile, we have to believe that imitation is the best form of flattery.Being an artiste and a designer, how do you balance the two facets?They are integrated. One fuels a passion, one fuels the bills. Can you tell us a little about Quirk Box Design?Quirk Box is an independent boutique art-based design studio. It offers crafted solutions for all your design needs.  With over 10 years of experience in the design space, including branding, graphics and fashion, the studio offers the same philosophy and principle of its original art and design and strong aesthetic essence, that is no longer limited to its in-house label, but to anyone that would like to hire its service. having worked with fashion, art, graphic design, branding, advertising, space design, the brand now offers you a design language you need, keeping intact the graphic art and playful sophistication that defines our essence. Can you tell us a little about your next collection?Our next is our most ambitious collection yet. Given the detail of the work, we are still working against the clock to release it in time for August. But hopefully, it will see the light of day soon.What do you envision the future holding for you?I wish I could foretell the future. But I can only hope. Hope to create good work, hope that it continues to be appreciated. Hope that I can sustain a lifestyle that allows me to travel extensively.What is your advice to the upcoming designers and fashion entrepreneurs?They don't need my advice. They need self-belief, courage and perseverance.					Sleeves are an element of fashion that has undergone some drastic upgrades, variations and evolutions in the last century. So whether you want to channel the Elizabethan age of over-the-top opulence or free-spirited bohemian vibes, there is a sleeve for every kind of whim and fancy. Like everything in the fashion industry, there is a time when some styles rise above the rest to become the look and talk of the season and the sleeves making waves (literally) this season are a mix of delightful throwbacks and modern sophisticated elegance. Bell of the ballBell sleeve is a super cute and fun style that is making a comeback to the fashion scene. The bell sleeves have been much beloved for their flowy design that allows easy movement and for their uber-graceful feminine appearance. In its previous lives, bell sleeves started their journey out by simply being a flared sleeve that was a part of the Japanese Heian period. A long dramatic flared sleeve was a classic feature and style norm back in the day. It then migrated across the world into the European medieval era and was predominately a style that was seen in the outfits of members of the church clergy. And it was around that time that the sleeve slowly and steadily developed its signature bell structure.The elite class of the Elizabethan era adored the bell sleeves. And as 'less is more' was not a phrase that the stylists of the Elizabethan era particularly believed in at the time, they decided to make it more extravagant (because, why not?) By adding on various embellishments like frills, lace and pleats . After which, the sleeves safely made their way into the modern world wherein the bell shape became more distinct and was synonymous with gentle femininity.The bell sleeves have been around for a long time and are likely to be around for a good bit more too considering the comebacks it makes every few years, seamlessly incorporating itself into the latest fashion trends. Though the bell structure is highly appreciated in the form of sleeves, its other variant 'the bell bottoms' weren't so lucky. But the world of fashion is a strange and unpredictable place. You never know what might pop up again.Why, though? Why has this simple little style managed to stick around for so long? Well, it because bell sleeves are enormously versatile. They have comfortably made themselves a perfectly fashionable asset in every area. From chic work wear to flirty casual and elegant evening wear, bell sleeves can be brought to every area of ââinterest. (Multipurpose utility? Yes, please). It is also wearable in a range of different fabrics as well as wool, lace and silk.How to style: Bell sleeves are great for any kind of occasion. And they come in several different variations, the fitted sleeve with bell flare starting only at the wrist or at the elbow. This is great for people wanting a combination of two styles; full-fitted sleeve and bell sleeve. When it comes to styling it for a classy, ââhigh fashion workwear ensemble, bell sleeves that tie at the elbow add that dash of sleek with a mild dose of flounce. Paired with some tailored pants make an effortless fashionable work-wear look that will help get rid of those Monday blues. Sheer silk blouses sporting bell sleeves are perfect for decadent evening wear and is super comfortable. Cap-tain of styleIf there was ever a voting poll to decide which is the 'all-time favorite sleeve' then cap sleeves would probably win hands down. Cap sleeves give us a feel of soft femininity, throwing it back to those long dreamy gowns with adorable cap sleeves that Keira Knightley wore to the ball in Pride and Prejudice (Who wouldn't want to pretend to be in that situation?). It is a representation of simple, uncomplicated design that is made for everyone. Their modest design is probably why they have been a part of bridal gowns and bridesmaids dress for a long time. The first record of cap sleeves being included into wedding attire has been traced back to the roaring 1920s and then made their way into everyday party wear fashion as well (flapper dresses anyone?).After that, the beloved cap sleeves cruised their way into the 30s, 40s and 50s. Clearly, fashion couldn't let them go and for good reason. It was made widely popular and sealed its place as timeless style when the biggest celebrities showcased their little cap sleeves of the most important day of their lives: their wedding. Scores of celebrities and royalty have sported cap-sleeved wedding gowns and strengthened its reputation as a favored design. When Jackie Kennedy Onassis wed John Kennedy in 1953 in her beautiful cap-sleeved gown, the style's popularity shot through the roof. Mega style icon Audrey Hepburn wore a cap-sleeve wedding dress in her movie 'Funny Face' in 1957 and that made it official, the cap sleeves were here to stay.The most recent ambassador for the beloved cap sleeve is the ever popular sister of the Duchess of Cambridge herself, Pippa Middleton. The fashion world will probably never forget the day she stepped out in that immaculate form-fitting cap-sleeved white gown on the day of the royal wedding. The wedding was not the only historic thing that happened that day. Pippa, with endless grace and panache, brought the caps back into the fashion scene. And it did not end there. When it was Pippa's turn to tie the knot, she dazzled the world again with another cap-sleeved beauty. Cap-sleeved elegance at its finest ladies!How to style: Though it is extremely favored in the wedding scene, bell sleeves are also quite flexible and can be showcased in everyday fashion as well. Along with it being a part of the usual suspects of western wear ie dresses and tops, you can even bring this style a little closer to home. Embellished high-necked sari blouses with cap-sleeves are exceptionally gorgeous and are a great way to amp up your traditional wear. Bishop sleeveBishop sleeves are sleeves that are quite similar to a bell sleeve, however, they have one defining feature. The full-length sleeves have a familiar flare that flows from the shoulder but it ends with a wide cuff that is gathered and cinched at the wrist. The style emulates a luxurious vintage feel. And it should rightfully because this style has been around for a long time. Though the sleeves are similar to the shape to the sleeves worn by bishops of the church- hence the name - but traces of the flouncy sleeves go even further back in time to the sixth-century Byzantine era (Kudos to them for probably being the oldest sleeve style ever). Though they were not all that prevalent during that time, bishop sleeves become a lot more common during the 1800s.Bishop sleeves got major traction back in the mid-60s during the time when the free-spirited hippie culture was making a statement in society. The relaxed flowing look it created coincided perfectly with the hippie style and they were all for it. Further on, in the 70s and 80s, the sleeves were made of lycra and polyesters to maintain the soft bouncy look that was its biggest selling point. Bishop sleeves created a flattering, balanced silhouette that made a person's shoulders look smaller in comparison. The cuff, historically, is a wide button cuff but over the years, it went through many reconstructions. Elasticized cuffs, embellished cuffs and cuffs with decorative trimmings were all a part of the advancements the bishop sleeves underwent to meet the ever-changing fashion demands.The distinctive shape of the bishop sleeve also attributes it to be known as balloon sleeves. They are also believed to be similar to peasant sleeves due to the fact that they both gather around the wrist. However, the difference is that peasant sleeves ideally tend to puff out at the shoulders, while bishop sleeves just flow smoothly from the shoulder down the arm for a nice draped effect. Peasant sleeves also do not possess a wide cuff but rather have a simple elastic band.How to style: Bishop sleeves are very distinctive and make quite a statement with their classically vintage look. Hence, they are great for formal blouses. Paired with a fitted high-waisted pant to emphasize the sleeves and create a stunning silhouette that just all of the soft sophistication; in other words, high fashion boss lady. For a look that's more casual Fridays, pair it with jeans instead. Draped bishop sleeves add a perfect little dramatic flair to a short loose dress with some strappy wedges or flats and you've basically got you're boho-chic on. Or a fitted dress that flatters your natural curves along with flowing sleeves is perfect for desk to dinner days. Keeping up with the kimono sleeveJapan's foremost export into the world of fashion is the traditional kimono and most popularly the kimono sleeve has carved its place into the fashion scene for the smooth elegant effect that it gave. Traditionally, the type of kimono a person wore would be a marker that officially denoted their social standing, rank and occupation. Well, clothes tend to have that effect even now in a rather unofficial, unspoken way. Nevertheless, the sleeve style eventually made its way across to the western world towards the end of the 1940s.Traditional Japanese wide kimono sleeves are varied in lengths. The sleeves of the kimono's that were used in theatrical performances tending to almost 3 feet long and would drag across the floor for spectacularly dramatic effect. Imagine walking into a party with 3 foot long sleeves (instant show stopper). Unfortunately, that wouldn't be the most practical thing to wear in the real world, so the sleeves were cut down to size to suit more normal measurements. Ideally, kimono sleeves have a deep armhole and the sleeve does not have a definite shoulder seam or armhole seam, which is its peculiarity. The main body of the garment and the sleeve are created from the same continuous piece of material, it, therefore, is also known as a 'grown-on' sleeve.How to style: Kimono sleeves are the trend this season and are perfect for wrap dresses, cinched-in waist secured with a sash that completely the whole traditional kimono look as a whole. Kimono sleeves are also great for sheer or silk blouses that go well with pants or pencil skirts. Shrugs with long kimono sleeves are an excellent way of adding a chic layer to casual jeans and tank top outfit. Cape wonder sleeveCape sleeves and capes are on the list of trending items this season. It's a cool look that speaks of elevated style and if you know just how to wear it and accessorize it, it can be a striking feature in your fashion diaries. Cape sleeves are can be traced back to the past with the introduction of the cloak. Capes were basically an outer garment that draped over the wearer and covered the shoulders, arms and was fastened at the neck. They were super popular back in medieval Europe (Try not to think of long Dracula-esque cape). After their heyday back in the dark ages, capes are back in the modern age to make a style statement unlike any other with designers offering new spins and innovations on trend to make classy and impart a sense of regality because every girl deserves to be a queen .Cape sleeves are most popularly seen on jackets - as the cape is essentially made for outerwear - that has been upgraded with bold new patterns, interesting new fabrics and showcased in varying lengths for every kind of occasion. The sleeves can either in be flared if made with softer fabrics or can be straight and sleek for a more defined structure.How to style: Cape sleeves are great on blazers and because the fabric is stiffer, the silhouette you acquire is impeccably sleek and very flattering; perfect for when you evolve from boss lady to modern queen! It is ideal for smart elegant formal wear or can be used to dress up a basic and top ensemble for a night out. Long flared, looser cape sleeves work well on dresses for an ultra-majestic look or on light pastel colored tops for those casual brunch days. Pick out any one of this season's trendiest sleeves and work it like a boss. Text: Crystal Symss Images: Yogen Shah Like history, fashion sure has a way of resurrecting back. Well, this year, fashionistas have re-adopted trends from the 90’s and we aren’t complaining one bit. One look around the fashion circle, and you’d be able to spot them! “This season is all about picking up trends from the 90’s decade and styling them with your own personal twist,” believes Azmeen Madhani Molo, fashion expert, Blush boutique. Stylist Chaitali Banavalikar-Kulkarni informs, “90s were a total game changer since people became more experimental about their style, rather than focusing on what a particular group of people are wearing.” These are our top picks for the season, have a look on how to style and slay these looks!					Of staple stringsThis quite modest piece of string worn across the neck dates back to 2500 BC! From denoting prostitution to denoting lesbianism, the choker has travelled quite practically everywhere. The choker, now sitting proudly in jewellery cases gained its due attention in the 1900’s because of Queen Alexandra of England when she flaunted one to hide a small scar. It further garnered attention when people started wearing plastic chokers in 1990’s. From Gwyneth Paltrow flashing one at the 1999 Academy Awards to Paris Hilton and Rihanna, every fashion diva has surrendered to the choker game. Back home, Zeenat Aman was one of the first celebrities to rock a choker. Of course, these days the humble choker has enjoyed popularity as celebrities such as Sonam Kapoor, Priyanka Chopra, etc. exhibit various types of choker including diamonds, lace, velvet, beads, leather, shoelace (Yep, even a shoelace can be worn as a choker!) Not only is it super stylish, it is also easy on the pocket and comes with a guarantee of making you seem like an Insta- goddess! Chokers are literally the easiest way to make you seem like you belong to the ‘you can’t sit with us’ tribe. The 90s saw the ‘it’ crowd styling their plastic cord with denim shorts and crops.Style guide: Chokers are something that could be worn throughout the day and beyond.  The strand science is pretty easy to grasp. (No Einstein IQ required here!). The only deciding factor to keep in mind to wear one is the neckline of the outfit that you would be wearing it with. Now, you could wear a dainty ribbon cord for a super casual day out in denim and a tee or could go glam displaying an extravagant bold crystal version with an off-shoulder gown. You could also parade around in multi-layered chokers by pairing them with low neckline outfits. “Chokers are in but can get common these days. Mix it up with a layer of other neck pieces of various lengths to give it a new and different look,” shares designer Neha Sharma. Moving on to traditional outfits, nothing like an Indian-ised version of a choker to pair with a lehenga for your oh-so-important mehendi function. Put together a statement piece of a pearl droplet choker with a sheer black sari and be prepared to make heads turn at the soiree! Return of the coy cropA moment of applause for Madeline Vionnet for if it wasn’t her, we really wouldn’t have been offered the cropped fashion. In 1932, Madeline Vionnet designed an evening gown with strategically cut openings at the waist. The design was accepted by the masses and how! By the 1940’s, women’s magazine had further enhanced the trend by exposing degrees of midriff. Teen magazines of late 1940’s and 1950’s too weren’t far behind and happily participated in the movement by flaunting midriff barring suits and tops. Although it was restricted to swimwear initially, since the trend was so widely accepted, it was only natural for it to have an upgrade and move into women’s wear.This was only the beginning for the coy crop top. Crop tops further moved ahead to become “the look” of the 1980’s. The midriff-baring piece of clothing found a fan in Madonna, who wore it in a lot of her albums. She even made it a part of her signature look. It further garnered tons of exposure on silver screen and was part of many iconic films such as Dirty Dancing and Flash Dance. Crop tops conquered the pop culture and became a major part of it all throughout the 90’s. The low rise jeans paired with belly shirts became a classic duo especially in the sector of music and television. Britney Spears too was seen parading around in the same quite often. While they were initially worn during daily workouts with leggings, the crop top progressed to being worn with denim for a casual look.Style guide: Fortunately, styling a crop top isn’t all that demanding as it is quite a versatile piece and each one of us can find a variant to work around with.  Cropped fashion isn’t restricted to the 20 something’s or to the women with washboard abs.  The beauty of it is that it can blend into your business wardrobe as efficiently as it can belong to your vacation travel suitcase. If you aren’t comfortable with taking a leap forward by sporting a short crop, you could always work your way up by taking a shirt or top and giving it a DIY crop makeover by tying it! Full sleeved short tops paired with full skirts are another way of toning down the flash. You could also pair one with a high-waisted pant or knife pleated palazzo and add a blazer to rock that conference at 3 pm at the workplace. “Who’s not a fan of crop tops? It pairs well with high-waisted bottoms. Throw on a shrug to avoid showing off too much (if you want to tone down the look),” shares Sharma. Matching separates like a crop and a skirt with heels and a colour pop sling could have you looking like a million bucks – that too, without having to spend it. Doesn’t it look like it’s time for you to head down to the store and invest in some crop tops now? From functional to fashionableGiven fashion’s fixation on everything mini this year, it was only a matter of time that this completely charming backpack came back marching into our lives with drum rolls. If you are a 90’s kid, you probably remember owning at least one of these bags that was then imprinted with your favourite cartoon character and taking it for a day out at the annual picnic or at the local dance class sessions. What once proudly sat proudly on our study tables is back yet again only looking fresher than ever. The backpack (the bigger version) came into existence in the 1920’s solely as a functional carrier. It was only much later when designers realized that they could transform it from being just functional to being more fashionable and mint money!  The mini backpack gained massive popularity when it materialized on screen in Amy Heckerling’s Clueless in 1995 slung over the shoulder of the fictional Cher and there was no looking back after that. Alicia Silverstone donned one with her plaid miniskirts and knee socks and carried it so well that it became a must-have accessory for everybody.While it did not have a lot of variants back then, today you have a number of varieties to choose from. Ranging from leather goodies to satin to even denim, the mini backpack does not disappoint. This super fun and chic miniature not only can be worn as a backpack but also serves well as a handbag (all you have to do is hold it by its handle on the top!) so yes, you can enjoy the best of two worlds effortlessly. Style guide: Heading for a movie? Take along a mini backpack in a bright shade that stands out, whilst going super casual in denim and a V-neck. You could probably never imagine cocktails and mini backpacks in the same sentence but yes, you could invest in a fancier leather mini backpack handbag and take it for a night out with the girlfriends. It looks good and keeps your hands free to hold your drink easily. While satin backpacks could be taken while shopping, you could resort to the denim ones for game night at the arcade or while cheating on the diet at the pizza parlour. “Not only could you carry them with western outfits but you could even pair a bling-y mini with a sari to a kitty party!” points out Molo. There really is no stopping this fun-sized bag this season, we really advise you to go grab one of these and join the tribe! Also, you’re welcome!  Denim dramaMost of us are positively familiar with how denim came into existence; it worked its way up from being worn solely by labourers to being warmly accepted by the masses. High-waisted denim is a different thing altogether. It was invented in 1940 when brand Levis produced clothing keeping in mind the women working on land and in factories. The particular style allowed them to retain their modesty as they had to bend down to work. In the 60s, Marilyn Monroe donned one with a belt and shirt tucked right in and starred in the movie called The Misfits. You probably don’t need us telling you how well the look was accepted and followed. Most of us still wear it the Monroe way even today. Banavalikar-Kulkarni makes note, “In the 90s, high-waisted jeans were worn with crop tops and that’s come as-is as a trend now. You can just pull over an open shirt for daily wear.”The brand Guess made denim all the more popular with its campaigns starring Claudia Schiffer, Naomi Campbell, Drew Barrymore, and the late Anna Nicole Smith. High-waisted denim is being offered in a lot of different washes and styles which is why most everybody succumbed to the trend. Full speed to 2018 and a quick peep to today’s fashion scenario and you would notice how so many people are embracing the high-waisted trend. Style guide: You really cannot go wrong with this piece of clothing. Not only does it make you look curvier, it also makes you look slimmer, curvy and tall. Easy to wear, and low-maintenance is what makes them a must-have. “Denims emphasize the curves so well; they look graceful,” informs Molo. Wearing a dark wash denim with a white V-neck and some hoops makes you look oh-so-sassy and effortless; throw in some tan handbag and nude blocks and you are ready to kill! Pair it off with a bling bralette and you’ve got your Saturday night OTTN ready! Try heading to the workplace in a pair with a satin floral shirt with these denims and be ready to nail the Friday dressing OOTD!  Majorly monochromeThis is a classic that has seen many versions through the years. Not only did this trend get plenty of space in the Chanel collection of yore but it was also a big time hit with its current design head, Karl Lagerfeld and featured regularly in his collections. The designer liked the winning blend so much that he wears the combination himself. The 60’s went gaga over anything and everything edgy. The black and white optical illusions were a hit. Women went on to adopt the black and white, simple yet stunning pieces and felt that it came equipped with power. Back then, polka dotted dresses paired with hats sold like hot cakes (and polka dots' trend is back again!). Down the eras, designers including Victoria Beckham, Carolina Herrerra were smitten by the monochrome bug too. The 90s saw this trend with a twist. It was not just about the black-and-whites, which themselves were in vogue, but monochrome also caught attention in its coloured version. Ensembles in varying tones of the same colour became a rage. And this trend in monochrome is back this season, with its own twist. “Monochrome in the 90s was more of bright colours, but these days, people have turned to pastels,” informs Banavalikar-Kulkarni.Style guide: “Styling monochrome is quite simple, a little tricky but mostly the end result is nothing short of remarkable,” shares Azmeen. Monochrome does require a thought before but looks really chic and classy once styled in the correct manner. Let’s brave the 2018 summer by keeping it simple in a white shirt and black jeggings and statement accessories like a bold neckpiece or earrings and some chunky bracelets. Black body con dresses worn with white capes make you look like nothing short of a fashion diva. Steer clear of prints and keep it simple as prints could break the look. Bright colours, along with trending pastels, work well for summers; why not wear a monochrome ensemble with a bright and pastel shade in the same colour like pink, blue or green?Text: Ravina SachdevImages: Yogen Shah and Shutterstock																		This season, up your shoe game by choosing the trendiest footwear in town. Here are our picks. So, step up with sculptural heels that will give you just the lift you need. Fall in line, ladies, we give you a list of haute heels to buy. PU leather slingback, Rs 5,999, Zara Leather mules, Rs 14,000, Lanecrawford.com Patent leather pumps, price on request, Balenciaga @ LeMill Recycled polyester slip-ons, Rs 5,999, H&M Leather slingback, price on request, Fendi Elastic heels, Rs 5,999, Charles & Keith Nubuck leather booties, Rs 8,999, Clarks From work to wedding functions, there are multiple moments when one can flaunt ethnic outfits. However, putting together the look requires time and effort, not to mention, going to different shops to buy accessories, shoes, etc that match your outfit. Not anymore. Mohey, the newly-launched website from the house of Manyavar, solves this problem by providing you with all your ethnic wear requirements at one destination. We pick our favourite looks from Mohey and tell you how to get your glam on this season. Designer green sari This pista-coloured sari, with delicate work on the border, is truly eye-catching. The elegant detailing makes it a must-have this season. Style the look with floral drop earrings and a statement ring. Pink sari with golden print This graceful and vibrant sari is a beautiful addition to your wardrobe and can be worn on any festive occasion. Keep your accessories to a minimum—try gold and white jhumkas and a polki ring to enhance the look. Velvet embroidered lehengaThis gorgeous lehenga is ideal for your sangeet or reception function, and will make you stand out in the crowd. The velvet fabric is embroidered with floral motifs, with the contrasting pink dupatta making you look elegant. Wear this outfit with minimal accessories like a golden bracelet and earrings. Yellow sari with golden border Flaunt this summery yellow sari that is simple and graceful and looks good during any occasion. The golden border of this sari adds to its oomph factor. You can team it up with drop earrings and a bracelet. Red bridal lehenga It is a statement outfit for brides-to-be, thanks to its flaming hue and golden motifs. Complete your look with a traditional nose ring and mathapatti. You can also opt for a choker or a statement neckpiece. Mint green suit This mint green suit with golden block prints can glam up your look instantly. The cream layer adds more grace to this outfit, and the matching dupatta and churidar make you look party-ready. Team it up with Mohey designer-wear earrings and a polki bracelet. Block-print sari If you want a more traditional look, opt for this block-print sari in blue that looks good in any draping style. Elegant drop earrings will increase the charm of this look, along with a chunky ring with polki stones. Beige bridal lehengaIf you don’t want to wear a red bridal outfit, this beige lehenga is perfect since it has elements of red only in the dupatta. Team it up with a stonework kamarbandh or waist belt, a ring, bracelet and other bridal accessories like statement earrings, a neckpiece and maang tikka. Navy blue sari This beautiful sari with a dull gold pattern is perfect for an evening soiree; the collared blouse only adding to its style quotient. Team it up with a polki-style statement ring and antique earrings to complete your look. Solid orange sari Another beauty from the Mohey collection, this solid orange drape with simple golden border has a festive vibe. If you plan to tie your hair up in a bun, opt for chandbali earrings that will make your look even more glamorous. Anarkali-style kurtiSummer is here and wearing comfortable, breathable clothes is a must. Keep things causal yet trendy with this anarkali-style kurti that can be worn to office or the mall, and looks amazing when paired with red leggings. To enhance this look, add classic silver studs or a stone-studded ring.																		The Amazon India Fashion Week (AIFW) took place in the capital from March 14 to 18, and put up a spectacular display of the hottest trends to watch out for by some of the country’s top designers. The show had many Bollywood showstoppers as well, who strutted on the ramp in style. We give you a lowdown of some of the best moments on the ramp at this fashion week.Day 1 of AIFW saw a joint show put up by Ashish N Soni and Gauri & Nainika. Vaani Kapoor was the showstopper for both the designers and opened this Bond-themed show with an ivory coloured gown complete with ruffles and net. The gown was by Gauri & Nainika. She also closed the show wearing a sharp tux designed by Ashish N Soni. Day 2 saw designer duo Karishma and Deepa Sondhi display their vibrant collection with Bipasha Basu as the showstopper. Floral detailing stood out in their collection, and Basu in a coral lehenga was the perfect way to close the show. Designer Malini Ramani also presented her collection on Day 2 of the fashion week. Hues of black, white and sand dominated her apparels along with dramatic stripes. Designer Nikasha’s collection was dominated by the gold-foil print on beautiful tones of gold, red and white. From lehengas to sarees to dresses, she displayed something for everyone in her collection.Actor Rhea Chakraborty turned showstopper for designer Rina Dhaka who also showcased her collection on Day 2 of AIFW. She wore a shimmery lace dress paired with suede boots to close the show. Day 3 of Amazon India Fashion Week saw designer Abhi Singh display his collection which consisted of collared dresses in muted tones. Day 4, the last day of AIFW saw designer Shruti Sancheti display layered fashion in her latest collection. There was a explosion of different patterns in her outfits. Designer Kanika Goyal showcased some edgy outfits on the ramp in a mix of pastel and vibrant hues. Designer Priyam Narayan on the other hand stuck to neutral shades of cool blues, lavender, beige, etc in his collection.  Spring’s here and it is time to shun jackets and wear style on your sleeve, quite literally. The hottest trend this season is flaunting statement sleeves, be it bell, puffy, bishop or ruffled. It’s one little detail that can instantly uplift your look and make the monotonous look modern. Max Fashion’s Spring ’18 collection is high on sleeve drama, which is just what we need in our wardrobe.  Ruffle sleevesA white top with ruffle sleeves is the perfect spring outfit that can be perfectly paired with just about anything. You can opt for a denim skirt with suspenders and add a pop of colour with a pair of pink stilettos. Or, wear it with culottes if you want a more breezy look.  Bell sleevesBell sleeves are still the rage and you cannot not have one in your closet. The best part? It is comfortable and fashionable at the same time. Pair a plain bell sleeves top with a printed skirt and accessorise with oversized sunglasses for a casual-chic vibe.  Kimono sleevesIf you want something dressier that can help you go from office to evening look in a jiffy, kimono sleeves is your answer. The floral print adds to its charm and looks best with solid black or white pants. Whether you are looking for a cute top for a date night or something to wear to work, sleeves are the way to add that oomph to any outfit. With so many options to choose from, Max Fashion’s latest collection offers the perfect spring style we need RN.To view the collection, log on to www.maxfashion.com 													Have you ever heard of the Type A and B personality types? We might be able to tell you which type you are, only based on your fashion choices! Yes, it’s really that simple. Take the quiz and find out. 1. You need to make a solid first impression on a blind date. What do you do? a) You head to the mall with a clear idea of what your ensemble will be, with backups in case you don’t find what you’re looking for.b) You look through your closet, pick out clothes that will work, but shop for new accessories that will up the glam. c) You put together a look using your favourites from your closet. The idea of a date is to get to know the real you, right?  2. Which of these phrases best describes your wardrobe?a) Organised and filled with sensible separatesb) Timeless and covering a wide range of stylesc) Eclectic and full of colour 3. How do you usually shop for new clothes or accessories? a) You make a list of things you need and adhere to it strictlyb) You head out with an open mind and buy a few things that you really likec) You buy EVERYTHING you see on impulse! 4. How much time would you say you spend getting ready?a) You’re always the one that’s ready first. You don’t need much time if you know what you’re doing. b) It depends on the occasion. You take minutes for a casual outing but hours for a wedding. c) You’re notoriously (and unapologetically) late because you don’t step out until you’ve changed three times. 5. If you find someone wearing the same outfit as you, how do you react?a) You get annoyed and want to make sure that you’re pulling off the look better than them.b) You’re not a fan of the idea, so you spend the day avoiding being seen next to them.c) You’re #Twinning! This calls for a selfie! Mostly As  Type A Personality: Type As are ambitious and proactive. You love planning ahead and go over and above what is expected of you. The fact that you put so much time and effort into everything you do means that you’re fiercely competitive, and sometimes invite unnecessarily stressful situations. You’ve probably been called a control freak before, and you know the title is well deserved. You pride yourself in your ability to be organised, on time and efficient. Mostly Bs  Somewhere in between: You are all about adapting to circumstances. Falling on neutral ground between competitive and laidback, you are well-adjusted and change your approach based on what is called for. You are capable of being both a fearless leader and a willing team player. When you commit to something, you go all in, but you also know when it’s time to take a step back and detach yourself from a situation.  Mostly Cs  Type B Personality: You’re relaxed and believe in going with the flow. You are the kind of person to stop to smell the roses, and are known to enjoy the little things. People often mistake your laidback nature for inefficiency, but you know you can get things done without stressing yourself out. You’re not so much about the results as you are about the process, which is why you are good at tasks that require creativity and innovation.					Belted sarisThe traditional nine-yards gets a chic makeover with designers streamlining the silhouette at the waist using metallic belts.As seen at: SanjuktaDutta; Shantanu & Nikhil Mighty monochromeEven though it was a summer/resort presentation, designers couldn’t keep themselves off the classic black-and-white-combo. The result—stark monochrome silhouettes cascaded down the catwalk.As seen at: Aikeyah; Shantanu & Nikhil Ruffled upLightweight ruffles in floaty adorned dresses and sleeves and added a dramatic flair to the outfits.As seen at: ShriyaSom; Ashwini Reddy Wrap dressesThese new summer dresses looked effortlessly sexy on the runway. Just remember to keep your look clean and you are good to go.As seen at: NishkaLulla; Verandah Edgy bustierWhen you work hard, it’s gotta show. This season, designers went for bustiers, pairing it with lehenga skirts and flared trousers.As seen at:ShriyaSom; PayalSinghal					80s glamDesigners played with opulence and high-octane glamour to make a shining statement on the runways of Lakme Fashion WeekAs seen at: 431-88, Faguni& Shane Peacock, TarunTahiliani Oversized sleevesThe humble sleeve has raised its game by a notch with exaggerated forms that swallow your hand.As seen at: Asa Kazingmei, Bloni Anti-fit dressesSummer’s staple anti-fit silhouettes are guaranteed to turn heads this season. As seen at: Asa Kazingmei, Vrisa Feathers’80s opulence came hand-in-hand with dramatic plumes and fringes shimmying down the runway.As seen at: Falguni& Shane Peacock, 431-88 Neutral paletteStaying away from bold colours, designers opted for a sombre shade card this season. Think beiges, greiges and nudes.As seen at: Amoh by Jade, Vrisa					Extra long beltsThe street style connoisseur in us came alive at the first sight of this soon to be IT accessory. Extra long belts added just the hint of drama we needed to spruce up our wardrobe. Seen at Dhruv Kapoor, Ritu Kumar, Rara Avis Sheer handloomsAnother constant through most shows we saw were see-through silks and natural fabrics. What more would you ask for in this sweltering tropical climate? Seen at Urvashi Kaur, Amrich, Rara Avis All stripesAll sorts of stripes from pole to pin to mixed graces the runways yesterday. Adding a bit of maturity to experimental silhouttes, looks like the trend is here to stay.Seen at Dhruv Kapoor, GenNext, Ragini Ahuja, Naushad Ali Check me outWindow pane checks, asymmetrical, gingham, recurring occurrences of the classic fabric made us want to deck up our closets in it. Bonus points for sheer checks.Seen at: GenNext, Amrich, Urvashi Kaur, Naushad AliPS: Interesting clash of prints, pair your checks with your stripes for an off the runway look. Shine onfrom trends that we are glad to see again and again, high-shine tops the list. Earthy metallics in fluid silhouettes were at the forefront at Day 1 of Lakmé Fashion Week. Rara Avis takes the cake with superb composition and experimental fabric.Seen at: Dhruv Kapoor, Half Full Curve, Label Ritu Kumar, Rara Avis																		Designers are playing up the sleeve this season and the results are lust-worthy. B-town divas were quick to pick up on this international trend and make it their own. Here are some of our favourites.Sonam Kapoor in Hyun Mi NielsenPriyanka Chopra in Zadig Voltaire													Kriti Sanon in Nikhil Thampi													Kriti Sanon in Madison													Deepika Padukone in Monisha Jaising													Priyanka Chopra in Ester Abner													Sonam Kapoor in Kojak studio													Radhika Apte													Diana Penty in Amit Aggarwal													Kangana Ranut in Tony Ward couture 													The past few years have seen the rise of boudoir dressing, outside the confines of the bedroom and into broad daylight. This trend with its ’90s nostalgia, sensual camisoles, lacy slip dresses and luxe pajamas is becoming a mainstay on the red carpet as celebs worldwide can be seen ditching the gown for these effortlessly cool separates. Channel your femininity in a pair of pajama trousers with details like contrast side piping, in a kimono-styled silk blazer or in a pop-coloured camisole with lace detailing. This is what dreams are made of.Priyanka Chopra in Ester AbnerPriyanka Chopra in Grey Jason Wu Deepika Padukone in Sabyasachi Taapsee Pannu in Little Things Gigi Hadid 													Checks are all the rage right now, but with so many different variants out there, it’s hard to know your tartans from your windowpanes. We demystify the main types so you can pull them off like the women of Bollywood.GinghamGingham is one of the most common variants you can wear. It’s a basic, evenly-sized checkered pattern with no more than two colours. While it’s most commonly used on shirts, you could also pair matching separates like this bandeau-skirt combo on Alia Bhatt.Play with the size of the print for different results, like this mini-check jacket on Bhumi Pednekar.Windowpane checksWindowpane checks are exactly what they sound like – thin, spaced out checks that form a graph-like pattern. Since they’re subtle, they work great when you’re wearing print-on-print, like this checked blouse and striped sari on Jacqueline Fernandez.Vidya Balan sports the thicker variant of the windowpane check in this Kanjeevaram sari.Bend the rules and wear dotted checks instead of stripes like this cropped top on Tamannaah Bhatia.TartanTraditionally used for Scottish kilts, tartan is formed with unequally-sized checks, in two or more colours. Sonakshi Sinha wears a tartan slip dress over a plain white tee for a casual ensemble.This gathered-waist tartan skirt on Sonam Kapoor pays tribute to the original Scot kiln.If you’re looking for something more feminine, this tartan off-shoulder dress on Huma Qureshi is a good place to start. 													If you didn’t know what a coat dress (aka trench dress) was earlier, Priyanka Chopra’s 2017 Met Gala look surely taught you a thing or two. The Ralph Lauren dress (and the train attached to it) that entered our collective conscience last year might be too avant-garde to pull off on an occasion that doesn’t involve a red carpet, but that’s no reason for you to shy away from trying the trend that all of B-Town seems to now be obsessed with. Here’s all the coat dress inspiration you’ll need.Minimal and monochrome were the two keywords for Aditi Rao Hydari in this white Zara coat worn with black booties.													Shilpa Shetty Kundra looks like royalty in this red, fit-and-flare trench dress by Madison.													Match your lipstick with your printed coatdress like Kajol Devgan.													Millennial pink can step aside to make way for hot pink. – Kajal Aggarwal in Plakinger.													For the risqué at heart, play a little peek-a-boo with your lingerie like Rhea Chakraborty.													We’re not quite over the mustard colour trend, and clearly Genelia Deshmukh in Twelve AM:PM agrees.													Flaunt those legs like Parul Gulati in a maroon coat dress by Zara.													A variant of the coat dress is the blazer dress, like this ruffle-detail number by Nishka Lulla on Rakul Preet Singh													Sonakshi Sinha mixes it up with a solid, longline wrap coat over an embellished top, by Nikita Mhaisalkar.													Add some colour with a belt or skirt underneath, or both, like Surveen Chawla in Madison (jacket) and Cover Story (skirt). 													The fashion world never seems to run out of ways to make shoulder-show uber chic. From cold to off to one, there are tons of ways to flaunt your shoulders and look fab while you’re at it. One-shoulder outfits in particular are a simple detail that can transform your ordinary look to a truly red carpet-worthy ensemble. Here is some inspiration from Bollywood’s finest on how you can pull off the trend. Kriti Sanon shows you how it is done in a black red-carpet ensemble. Anushka Sharma sticks to her classic style in a Falguni & Shane Peacock outfit. The Kapoor sisters give us major twinning goals in their monochrome outfits. Esha Gupta looks sharp in a Monsoori gown. Mandira Bedi flaunts her chiseled clavicle in a Swapnil Shinde outfit. Aditi Rao Hydari does modern androgyny in a deconstructed shirt and flared trousers. 													Minimalism had a good run, but it’s now time to stash your delicate trinkets away. In case you didn’t get the memo, maximalism is the new buzzword in fashion. It’s no secret that Bollywood loves its baubles, and the women of B-town have been quick to embrace this trend. Here’s our round up of Bollywood’s most lust-worthy jewellery looks.Earrings that graze your bare shoulders can make quite the statement, as demonstrated by Katrina Kaif in Outhouse Jewellery													Sonakshi Sinha in Anomaly by Anam proves that cartilage earrings don’t always have to be dainty. 													Also, there is no such thing as too many rings. Exhibit A – Sonakshi in Satyani Fine Jewels.													Really, when it comes to rings, the bigger the better – Priyanka Chopra in Isharya													When in doubt, just pick antique silver – Kanika Kapoor in Amrapali Jewels													Sonam Kapoor in Mother of Pearl proves that pearls, in any form, are a classic.													And that casual ensembles are no excuse to leave the glam behind.													Don’t shy away from colour. Shraddha Kapoor in Valliyan by Nitya Arora drives the point home.													And if you can’t choose, wear ‘em all. – Parineeti Chopra in Ritika Sachdeva, Amrapali Jewels and Aquamarine Jewellery 													The new season calls for new sartorial risks, which will take your style game up a notch. Here’s a bright idea. Why don’t you expand your wardrobe palette with fresh, vibrant separates? And while you are doing that, throw the colour mixing rulebook out the window, because this season is all about riotous colour clashes. B-town ladies show you how to give an ultra-colourful update to style.Gold and silverSonam Kapoor in Hemang AgrawalPink and redAlia Bhatt in Dolce & GabbanaYellow and greenAlia Bhatt in Raw MangoPurple and pinkKangana Ranaut in a Dior dress and Prada coatInky blue and midnight blackAishwarya Rai Bachchan in Gauri and Nainika													Pink and burgundyJacqueline Fernandez in a cropped jumper and trousers 													Yellow and pinkSonam Kapoor in Zoe ChampionMagenta and plumDeepika Padukone in Prabal Gurung 													Our favourite B-town divas are experimenting with daring silhouettes and new-season embellishments this season. We curate the best ensembles that our leading ladies flaunted this weekend.Kriti Sanon in Zara Umrigar. 													Vaani Kapoor in Ziad Nakad.													Jacqueline Fernandez in Stephane Rolland.													Daina Penty in Alpana Neeraj. 													Manushi Chillar in Falguni & Shane Peacock.													Neha Dhupia in Gaurav Gupta.													Pooja Hegde in Charbel Karam.													Yami Gautam in Zara Umrigar.													Huma Qureshi in Monsoori.Sonam Kapoor in Atelier Zuhra. 													Kareena Kapoor Khan in Galia Lahav.Katrina Kaif in Jean Paul Gaultier.Sridevi in Ziad Nakad.Esha Gupta in Nikhil Thampi.													Alia Bhatt in Needle & Thread.													Deepika Padukone in Gauri & Nainika. 													Bhumi Pednekar in Nikhil Thampi. “The Fossil Q Gen 3 does everything a smartwatch should while looking as gorgeous as it does,” says actor Shruti Haasan, who loves everything about this smartwatch. According to Shruti, this watch is just like her and goes well with her glamorous and free-spirited personality. The actor identifies with Fossil Q Gen 3 for its simple yet tech-savvy features like activity and sleep trackers, touchscreen display, Bluetooth support and notification alerts for mails, messages, social media, etc. Like her, the watch is simple yet chic.The best part, however, is that this smartwatch is custom-made for women and is available in rose-gold colour, which is a hot favourite. From the strap to the dial, Fossil has paid attention to make it look trendy and elegant. Irresistible features like music control, battery life of up to 24 hours, LED flashlight and water-resistant make it a must-have for every woman. What more, this smartwatch is compatible with Android 4.3+ and iOS 9+ devices, and is recommended by Shruti herself. Here’s what she has to say about Fossil Q Gen3 smartwatch.  Q&A with Shruti HaasanOn Fossil: There’s a sense of belonging you feel with certain brands since it defines you and fits you perfectly. That’s the feeling I get when I think of Fossil. It resonates with my style—a little bit of love and a whole lot of vintage. On Fossil Q Gen 3: I love geeking out on tech advancements! The Gen 3 does everything a smartwatch should while looking as gorgeous as it does. I’m hardly ever without my phone, and I’m usually in a tizzy when I can’t find it. The watch has been a lifesaver in such situations. I’ve also checked emails, notifications, sent tiny and quick messages, used my phone’s music app, and controlled phone calls. It’s pretty much my mini phone. I’ve almost abused the selfie feature. I’m constantly taking pictures of my friends, family and self. There’s a lot more I’ve to learn about the watch, but for now, this is what I generally use it for. On smartwatch options for women: I was thrilled to find out that there were real options for women’s watches and not just smaller dials and pink straps. We have been given real choices and not looked upon as an afterthought. I’ve always loved rose gold-coloured jewellery and watches, so it’s just that much better for me! There’s just so much more to explore when it comes to the world of Fossil women’s smartwatches. Why Shruti recommends this watch to others: I love how the watch seems to play with the user, just as much as the user plays with the watch. That’s what makes it so unique. So, yes, definitely recommending this to everyone I know. I think it also would make an ideal first-time watch. The user interface is simple and the variety of straps and dial settings are immense. One word that defines Fossil Q Gen 3: 'Me' That’s the first thing I thought of when I put the watch on my wrist. This watch is in tune with my lifestyle, and who I am as a person. I think that’s the same thought most people who use the watch will have.Buy this smartwatch on Flipkart 													It’s been several months since the off-shoulder trend made a comeback on the runways but going by its popularity among celebrities (and everyone else!), we can safely say that it is here to stay.Disha Patani’s off shoulder look will take you straight to a ballroomA tease with the off-shoulder gameWe adore this dramatic off-shoulder look!Shruti keeps it casual yet classy with her top Huma’s fun attire is perfect for every mood A pop of contemporary to the traditional with the trend is a must!Sonakshi Sinha’s breezy white top is perfect for a beach vacay. Take a cue from Kriti's off-shoulder lehenga to up your fashion game. 													 Malaika Arora Khan takes to the streets of NYC in this crop top with bell sleeves.  Sridevi’s daughter Khushi rocks this beautiful blouse with intricate work and a matching lehenga. Ileana D’Cruz is winning hearts in this delicate bikini with ruffles. Parineeti perfects the flower power dress with bell sleeves. This fusion crop top is cute AF! Shraddha adds a pop of colour to her grey off-shoulder with the floral embroidery. Trust Sonam Kapoor to up the style quotient of any outfit with her innate fashion sense. 													The final day of Amazon India Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2018 gave an indication of what’s going to impact your sartorial choices in spring and summer. Take a look. RufflesSpring catwalks around the world are cascading with ruffles and the Capital wasn’t an exception. While Rina Dhaka included the frilly detail in her saris, kurtas and dresses at the finale, Ashish N Soni juxtaposed them on clean and classic silhouettes to make his ready-to-wear line look young, fun and sensuous. Flash dance shoulderThis is an evolution of the off shoulder trend. Designer Sulakshana Monga adapted the peekaboo treatment for her clothes, flash dance or the ‘accidental’ shoulder show that reveals a little flesh without showing too much was a predominant trend. Monga used Half-on, half-off tops and dresses with single ruffled shoulders exposing only a slice of skin. If you wear this, keep the rest of the outfit simple and let your shoulder do the talking. Sheer fabricSheer fabrics such as chiffon, tulle, mesh, organza and chanderi have been summer staples for long and they made an impactful appearance on the runway at the Amazon India Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2018. From hemlines, tops with sheer insets, skirts and dresses at Monga’s to sheer in Indian wear--embellished sheer lehengas and blouses and saris at the Suneet Varma’s show--the trend was ubiquitous. Traditional embroideryIndian culture and craftsmanship were both profusely showcased on the ramp via traditional motifs and intricate embroideries. From thread embroidery at Pankaj and Nidhi, Krishna Mehta and Charu Parashar to intricate zardozi embroidery seen at Suneet Varma’s show, this ethnic element is here to stay though the silhouettes may vary from western contemporary to Indian.  													With Amazon India Fashion Week Spring-Summer 2018 almost drawing to a close, it was time for some of the fashion industry's best known names to showcase their collections.Anju Modi's line titled Swadeshi was a tribute to heritage designs in khadi with a contemporary twist, like tie-and-dye and asymmetric cuts.Madhu Jain displayed her expertise in juxtaposing different weaves, motifs and textile traditions of the country.Payal Jain celebrated her 25 years in the industry with a collection that's purely an ode to her muse Frida Kahlo and her paintings. Jain had got her friends and family and actor Vaani Kapoor to walk the ramp in her creations.Kavita Bhartia remained true to her love for femininity in the form of pretty florals, summer hues and geometric prints.Shivan & Narresh packed all razzle dazzle in their line of swimwear, dresses and saris with prints inspired by Japanese artist Araki’s works.Huemn's collection had a fearless aesthetic appropriate to counter the dystopian world we live in. Reconstructed shirts, up-cycled denims and hooded jackets were some of the key pieces.Dhruv Kapoor showcased a collection that strives to break stereotypes with an interplay of relaxed fabric, interesting patchwork and motifs, and costume design.  Kavita Bhartia presented her line A Diary of Flowers at AIFW SS18 Day 4Feminine hues, floral motifs ad geometric patterns found their way in Kavita Bhartia's collection Madhu Jain presents her AIFW SS18 lineVeteran designer Madhu Jain's collection displays her strengths in th sphere of craft and textile revival. Fashion for a dystopian world in Huemn's Spring-Summer line for AIFW SS18Designers Pranav Misra and Shyma Shetty make a fashion and political statement with their eclectic line Dhruv Kapoor marries bling with fabric in a muted tone to stunning effect.Each outfit in the Dhruv Kapoor line for AIFW SS18 challenges stereotypes with eclectic pairing of various elements. Detailed skein motifs, and lush flowers inspired by Japanese artist, Araki, in Shivan and Narresh's AIFW SS18 line.Shivan and Narresh presented the Araki series for AIFW SS18. A model in a khadi outfit by Anju Modi.Anju Modi celebrated 25 years in the fashion industry with a Swadeshi collection in khadi. Payal Jain celebrated 25 years in fashion at AIFW SS18.Actor Vaani Kapoor was the striking showstopper for Payal Jain's line celebrating her 25 years in fashion. Vein by EKRU by Ekta and Ruchira. Ikebana by Bhanuni by Jyoti. Abhi Singh presents Barcode at AIFW SS18 Day 4. 													Day four of Amazon India Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2018 saw an abundance of clashing prints, all-white ensembles, dramatic hemlines and statement sleeves. Here’s a round up of the trends that is sure to get your attention: Shades of whiteMany shades of white were spotted on the runway. They offered a stark contrast to the multitude of prints and colours. From Madhu Jain, Kavita Bhartia to Abhi Singh and Ekta Jaipuria and Ruchira Kandhari paired white with white in their collections. If you’re not big on white-on-white, add a few loose fitted casual styles from Payal Jain, frilly and flirty skirts from Kavita Bhartia or a few traditional cotton kurtas from Madhu Jain to your wardrobe and mix and match it with other colours. Shirts under spaghetti strapsStylistas Kim Kardashian and Kendall and Kylie Jenner have been doing this for a while now and designers Dhruv Kapoor and Abhi Singh seemed to have got the drift. Models sashayed down the ramp wearing risqué spaghetti dresses and tank tops over shirts in different sizes and shapes. So ladies, it’s time to bring out your slinky dresses. Print on printThe runway saw an abundance of clashing patterns and prints, proving that this trend for the brave will be big in the upcoming season. While Shivan and Narresh had matching top and bottom sets with prints boasting of forest sights, Dhruv Kapoor matched ditsy florals with vintage prints. Exaggerated sleevesThis is one of the biggest trends for spring summer. And there are so many different types of statement sleeves to suit different types of arms. From billowy bell shaped, ultra long and oversized to ruffled, cinched at the wrist to exaggerated cuffs, there’s enough to last you more than one season. Asymmetrical hemlinesEverything isn’t straight and narrow for summers, designers played with geometry and courted the asymmetrical hemlines in myriad ways. Anju Modi brought the mullet back in fashion—her kurtas had hemlines that were short at the front and long in the back. Meanwhile, Kavita Bhartia, Dhruv Kapoor and Bhanuni by Jyoti experimented with the handkerchief hemline.																		Summery trenches, feminine florals, restrained monochromes and classic plaids, were trending on day 3 of Amazon India Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2018.  Lay the trenchesThe summer trench coat is going to be one wardrobe classic in the coming season. The classic trench coat was exquisitely upgraded with thread embroidery by Payal Pratap, deconstructed and made feminine with floral prints by Shruti Sancheti and kept sombre with single tones by Pallavi Dhyanee. Flower powerFloral prints are no longer a surprise for summer, but next season brings big blossoms in all kinds of styles as seen at Shruti Sancheti, Payal Pratap and Pallavi Singhee shows. Pratimaa Pandey, however, used it judiciously by decorating the hems and necklines with floral embroidery. Black and white worldMonochrome is one of the strongest trends this spring summer season. Designers Abraham & Thakore, Rajesh Pratap Singh and Medha Khosla of Anomaly championed the stark black and white contrast. The two shades were interpreted in abstract and clashing prints, stripes and panels. Get creative and work the trend by opting for block separates, a monochrome dress or a monochrome print.  Woven handloomsWoven handlooms are clearly the fabric of the future. With sustainable fashion topping the agenda of most designers, an urban sensitivity was introduced to the fabric. From clean, minimalist work wear to luxurious day and evening wear, handlooms found an easy expression in the spring summer lines of Anomaly, Rajesh Pratap Singh, Abraham and Thakore and Payal Pratap.  Plaid and simplePlaids had a major moment on the runaway of day 3. Checked patterns have been a winter favourite for long, but designers such as Payal Pratap, and Teresa Liasom and Utsav Pradhan of Munkee See and Munkee Do and Pallavi Dhyani gave it fun and colourful interpretation for spring. But Rajesh Pratap Singh decided to keep it staid by taking the conventional way for his shirts, jackets and trousers.																		The collections showcased on day 2 of Amazon India fashion Week SS/18 seemed to have comfort on the top of their priority list. From billowy silhouettes and wide-leg pants to utilitarian jumpsuits and bomber jackets, there was adequate inspiration for girl-next-door. The new bomberDesigner Aarti Vijay Gupta combined sports luxe with her signature quirky prints and easy anti-fit silhouettes. We spotted the printed and fitted bomber jacket, casually thrown over long tees, kurtas and dresses.  Wide-leg pantsRoomy trousers stood out as a dominant trend on the runway. The new, sometimes flared and at other times straight and sometimes with slits was worn with almost everything from shirts and kurtas to dresses. The baggy pants leave about enough room for your legs to not stick to the fabric in summer months. We liked the ones we saw on the runway at Ikai, Patine and Love Bird’s shows.   StripesThe predominant pattern at the Amazon India Fashion Week, this season was the ubiquitous stripes – big, bold, subtle, horizontal, and vertical and in all shapes and sizes. While Ragini Ahuja explored stripes in all its avatars from bold to zig zag, Love Birds and Aarti Vijay Gupta resorted to subtle versions. Billowy silhouettesThis one-size-fit-all trend comes as good news for all Indian women on the heavier side. It is evident from the ramp that designers paid enough attention to the fact that some women need more relaxed styles. Our top picks are the ant-fit dresses seen in Love Birds’s show, the jackets, kurtas and cropped tops in Ragini Ahuja’s collection and the loose, free-flowing tops and dresses from Rina Dhaka’s new line.  Reinvented jumpsuitsDesigner Ashish N Soni expressed his signature creativity in his spring summer line that also marked his 25th year in the industry. He gave the utilitarian jumpsuit an interesting spin by adding to it dramatic saree pallu drapes. This season, wear the reinvented jumpsuit to the formal evening parties and watch heads turn.																		Warm weather may be months away but comfortable, fuss-free clothes are always on our mind. Who doesn’t wish to get into easy-breezy outfits and hit the outdoors? To help you make sound fashion decisions, we have put together some runway trends from the ongoing Amazon India Fashion Week SS/18 that you can actually wear in real life. From exaggerated lines, metallic hints to bright candy colours, Day 1 had all the inspiration you need for your summer wardrobe. Take a look.Metallic hintsIt's always a good time to be experimental. A good way to add fun and excitement to your wardrobe is to introduce metallic hints to your outfits or accessories. Rimzim Dadu infused metallic hues in silver, gold and blue into her range of re-imagined saris, sculpted statement tops jackets and skater dresses. If you aren’t sure of metallic outfits, begin with accessories. A hint of metallic is sure to get you noticed. Sorbet coloursPassionate pastels or sorbet shades have been making quite a wave on international runways and they made a strong appearance in Anupama Dayal’s show. She used lilacs, lavender, melons and sunset hues on gossamer and light fabrics such as chiffons and Chanderis. A deviation from the pop and neon colours, these shades will add a breath of fresh air to your summer wardrobe. Shoulder obsessionFashion’s fascination with shoulders rages on. The off-shoulder trend manifested itself in Samant Chauhan’s Victorian gowns and Anupama Dayal’s playful jumpsuits. Rock the trend by adding your own clever twists to it--sport the silhouette on your top and pair it with skirts and pants or go the traditional way by teaming a sari with the top. Athleisure boomWearing workout gear as a part of your casual outfit is the new in thing. Nida Mahmood fused age-less Indian art from around the country onto sporty silhouettes to create an athlesiure range in collaboration with active lifestyle brand Deivee. There were cycling shorts, leggings and running saris strutting down the ramp. Oversized ruffle collarsRuffle collars bring to mind images of the erstwhile queens of England. The aristocratic ruffle collar made a comeback in the Indigofera collection by Schulen Fernandes for Wendell Rodricks. They added a sharp colour contrast and an element of intrigue to fluid silhouettes. Outfit topperJackets in varying lengths are the current flavour of the season and are expected to enjoy the exalted status in the next season too. While JJ Valaya used long jackets with streamlined silhouettes over traditional saris, anarkalis and lehenga cholis, the brand Aureole paired hand woven cropped jackets and shrugs with dresses for maximum impact in its show.					Day 4 had some stellar shows by ace designers Anju Modi and Rahul Mishra. From classic silhouettes to traditional embroideries and from understated elegance to new age detailing, there was no dearth of fashion inspiration. Here’s what reigned the ramp. Floral storyThe floral story this season is whimsical, elegant and rooted to tradition. Rahul Mishra used resham threads to recreate intricate floral motifs of the Mughal era and mixed them with geometric and abstract patterns, giving them a contemporary twist. Anju Modi too followed the historical route and brought alive floral patterns from Rajasthan. Perfectly imperfect hemlinesAnju Modi added a bohemian yet sophisticated touch to her ensembles by introducing uneven hemlines on her long kurtas. The quintessentially laid-back style lent a certain nonchalance to her classic designs. Single outSingle-hue styles are not only figure-flattering but also make you look taller, so we were happy to spot the monochrome trend in both Anju Modi and Rahul Mishra’s collections.High timeAt the Rahul Mishra show, models sashayed down the ramp in high slit column kurtas paired with flared trousers and lehengas. The waist high slits made the outfits look edgy, contemporary and regal—all at once.Velvet touchAs far as fabrics go, nothing looks as rich and sophisticated as velvet. And Anju Modi, a costume revivalist known for her opulent creations, used it as a canvas for her Kishangarh inspired art work in lehengas, kurtas and jackets. If you aren’t the kind to wear an entire velvet outfit, then throw in a dupatta or a jacket tor a chic, dignified look. From vintage embroideries, unusual colour palette to fringe and ruffle detailing, Day two and three of the India Couture Week, 2017, had ample inspiration for brides-to-be. We handpick a few must-have styles.  Black is the new redThe colour black made a strong appearance on the runway. We saw it in Tarun Tahiliani’s sarees and floor length anarkalis and in Manav Gangwani’s ensembles too. This colour is here to stay for sure. Straight from the shoulder The focus on the shoulders, continues in this season too. Be it single, off or cold shoulders, designers Shyamal and Bhumika, Manav Gangwani and Reynu Taandon courted them with panache in their respective collections.Ruffle romanceThe quintessential European element—ruffles can be a part of Indian attires too proved designers Shyamal and Bhumika and Manav Gangwani. We loved the ruffles on blouses, gowns and saree edges.A long shotLong jackets provided a structured contrast to billowy lehengas in Reynu Taandon’s collection and added an edge of understated glamour to the classic silhouettes of Shyamal and Bhumika and Manav Gangwani.Fringe benefitsThis fun detailing can add drama and femininity to almost any look. So, we weren’t surprised when they found their way into Indian outfits. From paper shred fringes on blouses and lehenga hems at Tarun Tahiliani show to the fringe-finished sarees and dupattas in Manav Gangwani’s collection, they seemed to be ubiquitous. Day one of India Couture Week 2017 started off to a great start with ace couturiers Anamika Khanna and Rohit Bal showcasing their opulent collections. While Khanna chose to go the international way by putting up an installation of her collection "Happily Ever After" where buyers could touch and feel the clothes, Bal left no stone unturned in putting up a stunning show for his collection "Shahaan-e-Khaas". Here are a few trends that we rounded up for you. Capes take centre stageLast year cape blouses over lehengas made a strong appearance on the ramp. This year, Bal consolidates the purpose of a cape as an essential outerwear by layering it over blouses and lehengas and anarkalis.White is always rightMove over reds and maroons to make way for ivory, which was a dominant colour in both Khanna and Bal’s collections.Versatile separates rule the game Individuality and creativity will make your wedding ensemble stand out and this is what Khanna strongly believes in. Her collection had versatile statement pieces that the bride can mix and match to create a look to complement her mood and personality.The past aligns with the presentBoth Khanna and Bal brought alive the rich craft and heritage of India by reviving age-old zardozi metal and fine thread work on clothes with contemporary form and structure. Most of the pieces were deeply rooted in tradition yet had a global appeal.Sheer fun with fabricsKeeping in mind that the modern bride values comfort over customs, the designers experimented with lightweight sheer fabrics. Mom jeans: Swap these for a well-fitted pair of flared denims  Chokers: Say goodbye to this ’90s staple if you haven’t already   Cold shoulders and off-shoulders: It’s time to turn the spotlight somewhere else   Mirrored sunglasses: Enough of tripping over this  Fringes: They need to go, now!   Flower crowns: Leave them at Coachella please Crop tops: Yawn  Athleisure everything: Sports bras belong in the gym  Fur slippers: They don’t give us that fuzzy feeling anymore  Innerwear inspired outwear: Sorry Kendall  via GIPHY High fashion to you is all about layering  Every time you put on a fancy jacket…  You can never leave home without piling on those accessories and yes, you want to grow old to become Iris Apfel  You love your healthy share of bling   Lady Gaga is your style twin   Stacked bracelets and bangles were your thing even before they were A THING   Your reaction when someone says you’ve got too much going on  Your heart is stuck in the ’80s   You find clashing patterns oddly satisfying   Your squad totally gets your ‘more is more’ philosophy via GIPHY 													Girls have a love-hate relationship with heels. We start hating them the moment we put them on. But heels have their own advantages—they make us look taller, give shape to our legs and posterior and we instantly feel glamorous. However here are few problems that every girl understands when she is wearing heels for too long:You want to look like this And do this  But after a few minutes you end up doing this You wished you looked this sexy while doing everyday chores But instead, this is what happens When you go to a party looking all hot and sexy in the beginning, at then you walk back home like this You want to feel like a goddess when you are dancing But you end up getting to the dance floor like this And then your whole life falls apart when you see this. What kind of sorcery is this. Well, love it or hate it there’s no living without it.  As the growing popularity of cruise shows indicates, between Instagram-worthy beach escapes, destination weddings and glamping, resort fashion has indeed come a long way. Whether you’re reclining on sun loungers or cruising over gorgeous landscapes in a hot air balloon, there’s no excuse to look sloppy anymore, especially when you travel. While the island state of mind is just that—a state of mind—the allure of a glorious coverup, a feather-light kaftan or one of those hand-woven, basket totes is real, palpable and, suddenly, everywhere.  Spring/summer 2017 runways are proof that resortwear can go well beyond throw-on-and-go pieces. Take Miu Miu’s retro Italy-inspired collection, which comprise a line of ruched bikinis, patterned robe-style dresses and teensy twinsets, accompanied by embossed pool slides and appliqued swim caps. Miuccia Prada understands the value of a chic escape. “It’s a celebration of summer and its pleasures,” she mused during the post-show interview. Dolce & Gabbana also sought inspiration from the Italian tropics for its covered sundresses, bralets and miniskirts in fun prints (think pasta, seafood and gelato). The show venue even had a counter serving fresh tender coconut water and models strutted down the runway to the rhythms of the tarantella. Giorgio Armani presented a line of slouchy bloomers, sheer cover-ups and short suits, featuring painterly prints and tassels—just what we need for those soirées under the stars. The accessories followed suit; the flatforms at Prada and Chloé would make for stylish accoutrements on a holiday. For their spring/summer 2017 collection, Delhi-based designer duo Hemant and Nandita elevated holiday basics like swimsuits, shorts, crop tops and sarong-esque skirts using Victorian ruffles and vibrant print play. Nishka Lulla set out to reinvent the pantsuit, working with softer fabrics and delicate embellishments to transform it into a resort essential. Lulla says, “I used lightweight, everyday materials like cotton and tulle in relaxed comfy silhouettes, with frills and flounces thrown in for good measure.” Aparna Badlani, curator and co-owner of multi-designer boutique Atosa, Mumbai, has long recognised the potential of well-made resortwear. “At a point when destination weddings are such a huge phenomenon, the category is finally getting its due,” she says. If there’s one image that captures the exquisite charm of travel, it’s got to be that of actor and socialite Talitha Getty hanging out on the terrace of her Marrakech home, immortalised by photographer Patrick Lichfield in the late ’60s.  It even inspired Yves Saint Laurent to design a line of kaftans that he called Une Passion Marocaine. Designer and TV personality Nicole Richie, who has a perpetual vacation vibe about her, best embodies this spirit today. Her style reminiscent of LA’s boho-luxe aesthetic from the ’60s and the ’70s. Whether it’s through pictures of Taylor’s Swift’s glamorous squad chilling together on a yacht or Olivia Palermo and beau Johannes Huebl’s romantic romp in Greece, travel continues to fire our imagination and inform fashion in the most powerful ways.  Much like with eveningwear, building a bankable resortwear wardrobe takes work. “Start with the basics and build from there. Think kaftans, palazzos, shorts, day dresses and strappy sandals,” says Badlani. According to Lulla, the trick is to invest in lightweight, versatile separates that can be paired with other items from your wardrobe. “Take, for instance, bustiers that you can wear on the beach or with high-waisted bottoms for a night out,” she says. It’s always a good idea to mix luxe pieces with exotic finds from local boutiques and markets to create a look that is uniquely yours. Bon voyage!					via GIPHYYou may deny it now but, Aishwarya Rai-Bachchchan has to have been your woman crush atleast once in your lifetime. We’ve all celebrated when she won the Miss World title, swooned when she danced to ‘Nimbooda Nimbooda’, tracked every detail of her exclusive wedding affair and now totally adore her daughter, Aradhya Bachchan. She gave us #beautygoals, #closetgoals and now, #familygoals. As she celebrated her decade-long marriage with Abhishek Bachchan, we look back at 10 times when the actor made us fall in love with her style: Every time she made an appearance at the Cannes red carpet.via GIPHY When she played our very own desi Elizabeth Bennet in Bride and Prejudicevia GIPHY When she looked every bit perfect in her Bengali bride avatarvia GIPHY When we danced to her tunes in Umrao Jaanvia GIPHY The time when she looked like the queen she is in Jodhaa Akbarvia GIPHY Is there anything that she can do without looking perfect?via GIPHY The time when these two gave us #couples goals at Koffee with Karan.via GIPHY Everytime she owned talk shows with her quick wit and looked gorgeous doing thatvia GIPHY She nails every outfit she wears and we totally love her charm. Belated happy Anniversary! via GIPHY All our life, we have been taught that wearing a well-fitted bra can enhance your body shape, not make your breasts sag and in general, help you conquer the world (if you believe all those innerwear advertisements). But have you ever thought what the world would be like if you didn't have to wear one. For starters, it will let your breasts free—you won’t be constricted by two straps and the pesky hook that’s constantly poking your shoulders and back. We have listed a few more benefits of not wearing a bra everybody: The sense of freedomIt’s like going back home and removing your bra so that you can finally breathe—but now you don’t have to because well, WTH!via GIPHYOff-shoulder tops are totally your thing.You don’t have to worry about your bra strap showing anymore.via GIPHYPersonal comfort wins over other people’s stares.Well, why not! via GIPHYYou become an avid supporter of free the nipple momentGirl power!via GIPHYPlus you get to wear one less layer during summerAnd that’s just pure bliss.via GIPHY Siddhartha Tytler This season, Designer Siddhatha Tytler showcased his collection in dark mood inspired by the after-life. He used fabrics like velvet neoprene, lycra georgettes and techniques of metal hardware, laser cutting for his collection. He also collaborated with famous accessories designer Diego Montoya, who designed heavily embellished masks for the show.     Ashima Leena Designer Ashima Singh showcased her Charukesha collection at Amazon India Fashion Week. The collection was inspired by blue pottery and Shiva's jatadhari edifice that visually reflected in the collection. Overall, the collection was a mix of sculptured skirts, pashmina blouses, tribal gilets and asymmetric kurtas.     Anju Modi This year, the fashion week was all in support of 'Make in India' concept and designer Anju Modi showcased her Neelambar collection of India's textile heritage. The models were seen wearing Needledust juttisâ€”that were hand crafted in India. While, Dangal fame actress Sakshi Tanwar turned showstopper and added extra charm to the show.     Shivan & Narresh Swimwear designers, Shivan & Narresh redefined the legendary painter Egon Shciele's work at the show. Their collection was a celebration of his works featuring landscapes, riversides to contorted human figures.  ''Our designs have largely catered to day lifestyles and this season we moved to the more evening & opulent part of holidays & destination weddings. Hence, the details & surfaces became key to the collection,'' said Shivan Bhatiya in a statement.     Malini Ramani Designer, Malini Ramani showcased her collection Nomad which was bold and tribal. The collection was a mix of bohemian vibes with embroidered capes, block printed dresses, kaftans and saris.     Wendell Rodricks Schulen Fernandes, creative head for Wendell Rodricks showcased The Cubist Rose collection at AIFW. This is her second collection and this year, it celebrated the rose in a cubist avatar. It was in hues of reds, oranges, pinks and teal green, nude. The collection interpreted rose in various forms of layering, design techniques and flowing fabrics.      Alia Bhatt turned up the cute factor in this Garfield shirt dress for a recent outing. If you love her look as much as we do read on to know where you can find your favourite characters on the coolest clothes.      Only X Garfield Who doesn’t love the lasagna-loving, Monday-hating kitty, Garfield! Fast-fashion brand Only is paying tribute to the iconic character with its latest Girl & Paw collection. This limited-edition capsule features graphic tees, knee-cut sweats, PU pants, button-ups, shirt dresses and denim pinafores on the theme. We are already on the prowl for this one.    Hidesign X Beauty and the Beast  Just ahead of the release of this year’s most anticipated live-action film, Beauty and the Beast, Disney has collaborated with Hidesign to launch a limited edition range of bags and wallets. The much-loved characters appear as subtle patchwork on Hidesign’s sumptuously textured leather products. We love!     Max X Star Wars  The high-street brand brings alive the magic of Star Wars and its iconic characters with a cool, casual collection. Get set to sport Darth Vader, Stormtroopers, Master Yoda and others on your crop tops, long tees, sweatshirts and tank tops. These are just too cool for school. Abaya is an outer garment worn by Muslim women. It also called burqa in certain countries. This garment is a long robe or cloak, which covers the body except for head, feet, and hands. The traditional abayas are black in colour. But now, these abayas have now got a fashion makeover.    The women, who are style savvy women and love to boast the tradition and trend can try the updated versions. We got in touch with LimeRoad's fashion stylist, Rina S Walia to talk about the new styles:   1. Denim love The long denim abaya is the best for the all-denim look. This can be paired with printed or solid cotton head scarf for any easy outdoor look. Add a pop of colour, by carrying a neon sling bag.    2. Pick the Pleats Pleats are always going to be on trend. Try a black one with colourful pleats at the bottom. Complete the look with a pair of pumps and a black sling bag.     3. Pretty pastels Pastel shades have become the talk of the town. Try a beautiful pastel pink abaya as the go-to attire for days when you want to look effortlessly stylish.    4. Cape Craze Capes are totally ruling the ramps this season. Don't lag! Wear a cape abaya and tune up your feminine charm. It's perfect for summer day outs.     (Abaya images: Limeroad.com)  Gabriela Hearst: Gabriela Hearst is a true-blue Instagram success story. Her creation, the Nina bag, became an Instagram phenomenon after it was spotted with Buro247 founder Miroslava Duma. Follow her on Instagram to see her luxe line, her fashionable outings, and of course the covetable Nina bagPhotograph: www.instagram.com/gabrielahearst  Misha Nonoo: Misha Nonoo’s eponymous label is for the Insta-generation. She is the first runway designer to debut her spring/summer 2016 collection on Instagram instead of New York Fashion Week. Follow this designer on Instagram to get your daily dose of all things stylish.Photograph: www.instagram.com/mishanonoo  Victoria Beckham: This designer needs no introduction. With a whopping Instagram follower count of 14 million, her handle captures everything from her personal style to her adorable family and her beautiful line of luxe separates.Photograph: www.instagram.com/victoriabeckham   Rebecca Minkoff: The designer is known for her covetable line of accessories, shoes and bags. Her Instagram account gives a day-to-day update of her boho-chic handbags, glamourous accessories and cool street-style photographs. Photograph: www.instagram.com/rebeccaminkoff   Clare Waight Keller: Her Instagram account is the embodiment of the true Chloé girl—a free-sprited traveler with a generous sprinkling of romanticism. Follow her as she travels around the world and posts exclusive Chloé updates. Photograph: www.instagram.com/ clarewaightkeller From summer weddings to glorious soirees under the stars, our wardrobes are sorted thanks to these brand new collections.  The Udaipur Collection, Sabyasachi We can’t seem to get enough of the designer’s summer couture collection for 2017 that has just been launched exclusively on Instagram.  “Rajasthan has always been a very potent inspiration for the brand. Royal heritage, colours and crafts and the history of the land itself has fascinated me for the longest time,” says the designer about his latest line. The pastel lehengas and saris have been rendered in fine muslins, silks, organzas and khadi and feature exquisite zardozi, naqashi and tilla work as well as European flora and fauna prints. We’ve just got to get our hands on these regal beauties.   The Denim Collection, Masaba  We’ve been waiting for this line to be launched from the time we caught a glimpse of it on Sonam Kapoor about a month ago (remember the glorious denim sari?). The designer’s first denim line turns the idea of denim on the head by refashioning the ubiquitous fabric into relaxed jackets, button down skirts, feminine blouses, oversized trousers and saris decorated with playful polka dots and flashes of pink and silver foil.   Back to basics, Payal Khandwala  The designer celebrates five years of her eponymous label with the launch of her spring/summer collection featuring a rose motif at its centre. The collection comprises signature layered separates in linens, cottons and light silks in a refreshing palette of coffee, crimson, citrus, indigo, leaf green, black and white. The opening show of Lakme Fashion Week Summer Resort 2017 was hosted on an international cruise ship Costa neoClassica and it was a pleaser to many! Also, the grand opening show by Monisha Jaising wasn't disappointing at all. The showstopper - Sonakshi Sinha made a head-turning entry in a burst of orange. Sonakshi looked radiant in the one shoulder asymmetrical dress, which also had a dramatic trail. The collection is said to be inspired by the Arabian Sea. The clothes were a mix of billowing silhouettes, couture, and all the summer hues.    (All images: PTI) One of the most definitive trends for fall is the return of shine on the runways. As designers get nostalgic for the flamboyant ’80s, sequins go gangsta and shiny vinyl finds its way back into our closet. This season sparkle comes imbued with a street sensibility as the more-is-more mantra from our favourite decade clashes with athleisure’s fluid dynamism. Cue the season’s sharpest plissé skirts teamed with a pair of equally luxe sneakers. Designers drummed up a host of options that make an easy transition from the cubicle to the dance floor. We’re looking to Michael Kors’ slashed sequinned mini dresses and Phoebe Philo’s egg-shaped lurex pullovers at Céline for inspiration. “I like bare legs in winter; I like night for day. I like Alexa Chung mixing with Nan Kempner. It’s about the interesting mix,” said Kors in an interview post his show. At Kenzo, Humberto Leon and Carol Lim sent out a line of vinyl dresses and skirts, foil-print trousers and oversized metallic jackets. Isabel Marant flirted with vinyl too in retro styles, adding animal prints and plaid to the mix. “It really goes back to when I would sneak out, aged 15, to punk clubs like Le Palace and Les Bains Douches,” said the Parisian designer. Between Marc Jacobs’ subversive separates at NYFW and Rajesh Pratap Singh’s gilded army closer home, the message is loud and clear—street glamour is here to stay. Designer Sanchita Ajjampur’s futuristic mash of foil, mesh and paillettes, and Gaurav Jai Gupta’s street-style spin on metallic handlooms, further confirm the mood of the times. It’s evident that fashion is making no bones about its Ziggy Stardust-meets-Beyoncé philosophy, and the pop culture influencers are lapping it up. Historically, the first image that comes to mind in this category is that of  ’60s fashion icon and rocker Keith Richards’s then girlfriend Anita Pallenberg who took to the Cannes red carpet in a lurex jumper. Leave it to the Kardashian-Jenner clan to reinvent Pallenberg’s louche luxe uniform as they elevate street style basics like sweatshirts, lace-up boots and trackpants. Kendall Jenner even brought back the chainmail dress from the ’90s. Closer home Alia Bhatt is having a go with unexpected pairings like a camo shirt and a plissé skirt, offering us a fresh take on the trend.      Which brings us to the question of how to do it right. Archana Walavalkar, celebrity stylist and co-founder Stylecracker, says that styling is everything here. “It’s important to blend the look seamlessly, not letting the shiny piece acquire hero status at any point.” It’s a good idea to stock up on basics like hologram sweatshirts, sequinned numbered tees, slip dresses with a glamorous sheen, and metallic denims. If you’re shine-shy, begin with a statement accessory. Let the gleaming heels from Demna Gvasalia’s debut at Balenciaga or Fendi’s festive-edition gold totes give you some ideas. “Go casual with jeans and a tee teamed with embellished sandals. This is easier to pull off if you don’t quite dare to go all guns blazing,” says Ajjampur. Fine jewellery is also following suit by putting a casual spin to sparkle. Case in point: Nirav Modi’s Embrace range of diamond bangles, which stretch like a dream, offer a snug fit and are best worn with denims and a boyfriend shirt. The writing’s on the wall: Whatever your glittery vice may be, it’s time to wear it on your sleeve.   Wendell Rodricks is a man credited with many firsts. At a time when Indian fashion was all about opulence and grandeur, he introduced the idea of minimalism. He was one of the few Indian designers to bring eco-friendly textiles to the forefront and also pioneered resortwear in India. To commemorate his contributions to the fashion industry, Rodricks was awarded the Padma Shri title in 2014. While contemporaries are predictably passing on their legacies and labels to family members, the designer has entrusted it into the hands of young prodigy Schulen Fernandes. And he did it in his inimitable style, bang in the middle of the runway at his label's fall/winter showing at the 2016 Lakmé Fashion Week (LFW). In a fun, free-wheeling chat, Rodricks and Fernandes tell us about what's in store for the legendary label.Wendell, after holding the reins for 28 years, you've decided to hand them over to Schulen. Schulen, how did he break it to you and what was your reaction?Wendell Rodricks: I always wanted the label to go to somebody I trusted. Schulen came to me straight from college and she has been with me for four years. She had already started taking a lot of creative decisions for the label. For instance, last season we did the Indica Emporia presentation at LFW with vintage Indian garments. It was completely her vision and work from start to end. I wanted to slowly take the backseat with this label so that I could make time for my other passions. I felt the time was just right for her to take the label and fly with it.Schulen Fernandes: It obviously didn't happen out of the blue. The handover was always on the cards and it took two years of work laying the foundation. However, when the actual moment arrived, it was hard to believe. How are your roles divided in the new scheme of things?WR: I’d like to think of myself as a benevolent dictator (laughs). On a serious note, Schulen has complete freedom to realise her creative vision at the label now and I am happy to have her take over.SF: Wendell will obviously be the mentor. My work will now involve everything from conceptualising collections to actually bringing it to life. I am also excited about the business end of it and we have a competent team to help us on that front.Schulen, tell us a little bit about your debut collection, Trapezoid, for the Wendell Rodricks label presented at LFW. And, Wendell, what did you think of it?SF: I have always loved architecture and geometry. The trapezoid form has been used in architecture from ancient times and it is so versatile. We decided to explore it in fashion with this collection. We used a mix of structured shapes and fluid fabrics working with paper silks, chanderis and a lot of eco-friendly materials. WR: I was really surprised when Schulen came up with the idea. It is a form that I've seen in Inca and Aztec architecture and in our temple gopurams. The Indian woman's body which is narrow at the shoulders and wide at the hips also follows the trapezoid form. This was particularly relevant because for the first time we introduced a size chart specific to the Indian woman at LFW this season. I felt really proud watching the show. The biggest compliment to me and to Schulen was when people told us it (the collection) looked like Wendell Rodricks. When a new creative leader takes charge at a fashion house, change is afoot—what can we expect from the label?WR: I've always focussed on high-end fashion and have never been able to cater to the mid-range. I hope Schulen will be able to expand the reach of this label to more people the way my colleague Anita Dongre has done very successfully. I also want her to take risks with the label and be more experimental.SF: We will definitely retain the minimalistic language and eco-friendly DNA of the label as we move forward. I would like to introduce newer, younger silhouettes and experiment heavily with materials. What lies ahead for both of you? Wendell, do you miss being behind the wheel? Schulen, are you at all daunted?WR: I don’t miss being behind the wheel at all. I can finally dedicate time to things that I’ve been waiting to do. The work on the museum is underway (Rodricks is turning his Goa home into a space dedicated to Goan costumes). The dogs are taking it well but my three cats are giving me grief about the move! I would like to write a lot more. My next book Poskem is about Goa. I hope I’ll be able to turn it into a movie like Chetan Bhagat (laughs). I’d like to teach a lot more too.SF: I am excited about what lies ahead and loving every minute of my new job. Going forward we’ll be extending the brand to include luxury lifestyle segments too.Photographs: Gary Taylor, Vinay Javkar/Lakmé Fashion Week winter/festive 2016 Back when Julia Roberts wore them with a neon bodysuit and mussed curls in Pretty Woman, it was thought to be risqué. But at the moment, thigh-high boots are everywhere from red carpets to shopping sprees, and both our desi celebs and Hollywood stars are sporting them with equal aplomb. Feel like getting one for yourself but not sure about how to wear them? We spoke to stylists and designers and got you five different ways in which you can wear thigh-high boots and also look classy. With skinnies and shirts/tops: Like Sonam Kapoor is wearing here. The actress is seen in a pair of Maison Martin Margiela boots with a cape jacket from Rishta by Arjun Saluja and a long black top. This is the most obvious choice. If you tone down on accessories, you can pass off the look for a casual evening dinner. Or else, pair them with peasant tops and denims for a chic, cowboy vibe. “The boots go very well with skinny jeans. You can couple them with a great coat or jacket,” says designer Salim Asgarally. With a shirt dress: Katrina Kaif wore them with a monochrome striped shirt dress from McQ by Alexander McQueen. A pair of shorts, belts (to add some structure) and hair kept open gave her a breezy, casual look, keeping the focus on the boots. With LBDs: Like Molly King. She wore a tiny LBD with a plunging neckline and thigh-high boots at a bash. “Over-the-knee boots look really nice if you show some skin,” says stylist Aaditya Walia. This is the perfect party look. Go easy on the makeup though and add a sequinned clutch. With just a long tee: Deepika Padukone wore her thigh-high boots with a black ripped vest top from Deme by Gabriella and threw on a metallic silver jacket. You can convert this to a day look by wearing a more subtle jacket. With a trench: Like Kim Kardashian. She dressed in Balenciaga from head to toe at the Paris Fashion Week in a belted trench and a pair of bondage style leather boots. Wear it with a choker and add a cami inside if you are not comfortable with showing so much skin.Photographs: Instagram/Shaleen Nathani; Getty Images The biggest fashion extravaganza of the country entered its day 2 with great aplomb. Here's a look at some of the highlights of the day. Ashish N Soni: The designer looked back at the 25 glorious years he's spent in the industry at this year's AIFW. His collection focused on a subdued colour palette, with the collection predominantly in shades of black and white, the designer followed a largely monochrome look. Grey was also one of the key shades that featured in the collection. The cherry on the cake was polo player Samir Suhag, who stopped the show for the designer. Rajesh Pratap Singh:In sync with Ashish N Soni's collection, with whom he shared the stage, Rajesh Pratap Singh went the monochrome way using a lot of patterns like checks, polka dots and stripes in his asymmetrical collection. Anavila: Anavila brought the sari brigade back to the ramp and she did it so gracefully! White being the most predominant shade, clubbed with kolhapuris and stylish top blouses, the collection was one of the best showcased on Day 2 of AIFW. Virtues by Viral, Ashish and Vikrant: Singer Sona Mohapatra turned muse for the designer trio, as she sashayed down the ramp humming the lines of her biggest hits. Sona donned a bright orange layered pleated dress made of natural dye. Airport style has recently gained momentum, thanks to the growing paparazzi culture. Every celebrity has a distinctive travel style, but there’s a common love shared for the closet staple kurta. Instead of flexing their sartorial muscles in high-end, street-style brands, the leading ladies have chosen the simple kurta as their favourite. Of course, they amp it up with their Hermès Birkin and Gucci sunglasses, but the dainty kurta sets still takes the centre stage. While Deepika Padukone prefers her kurtas to be form-fitted in bright, jewel tones, Kareena Kapoor is a fan of over-sized kurtas in neutral shades. Scroll down for our edit of all the celebrity-approved kurtas you can incorporate in your travel style.  Kareena Kapoor Khan Setting unconventional fashion norms comes naturally to Kareena Kapoor Khan. Case in point, seen here in an olive-green kurta set, teamed with a leather jacket and a pair of trendy kicks, a look only she can pull.For another run to the airport, this time with her family, Kareena Kapoor Khan chose a mustard yellow kurta teamed with off-white flared pants, and tiny round sunglasses.  Deepika Padukone Deepika Padukone was recently seen at the airport in a fuchsia pink, embroidered kurta set by Lajjoo C. The actor styled her traditional ensemble with a pair of juttis and an ox-blood coloured bag.  Sara Ali Khan Sara Ali Khan’s choice of kurta set is an all-white ensemble with multi-coloured stripe detail. If a plain white kurta to the airport is too simple for you, try this upgraded version. Kangana Rananut A true advocate of all things classic, Kangana Rananut’s traditional style at the airport is understated and elegant. Pictured here in a muted beige, minimally embroidered kurta set, teamed with a nude bag and statement sunglasses.					Fall trends are officially making their way to your wardrobe! If you’re a fan of all things sassy, you’re going to love the idea of wearing your pantsuit with a bralette. Power suit, but make it sexy. Give your boardroom style a feminine touch by teaming it a dainty bralette, just like these leading actors did. While Katrina Kaif layered her embellished pantsuit on a delicate lace bra, Sonakshi Sinha and Jacqueline Fernandez opted for monotone pantsuits and bralette combinations. Putting their envy-inducing abs on display. Scroll down to find all the different ways in which the celebrities have styled their pantsuits with a sleek bralette. Bhumi PednekarBhumi Pednekar styled her shimmering, sequined suit with a barely-there embellished bra. Making a solid case for balanced opulent dressing. Ileana D’CruzIleana D’Cruz teamed her powder pink pantsuit with a textured bra, breaking the monotony of a plain old suit. Jacqueline FernandezJacqueline Fernandez chose a sunshine yellow suit and bralette, all in the same hue. Giving a lesson on how to work this trend in monotone. Sonakshi SinhaSonakshi Sinha gave her checkered suit a modern spin by layering it over a solid coloured bralette instead of a regular shirt.Sonakshi Sinha put her rock-solid abs on display in this over-sized, powder blue pantsuit, which she styled with a sports bra in a twin shade. Demonstrated the sporty-chic way of wearing the pantsuit with a bralette trend. Katrina KaifKatrina Kaif wore her silver, sequined pantsuit with a lacey bra, showcasing how to work two contrasting elements in the same ensemble.					Colour blocking is a versatile trend that is no longer restricted to just mixing two colours in an outfit. You can colour-block your look by teaming separates in two different hues or by teaming a singular-toned outfit with a contrasting coloured accessory or shoes. Bring out some bold hues and style them together like Alia Bhatt did; or break the monotony of solid black outfit with a dash of colour like Kareena Kapoor Khan. For those who aren’t a fan of busy prints and multiple elements, this trend is a perfect pick. Here’s our edit of all the celebrity-approved ways to flaunt the colour-block trend in style  Kareena Kapoor KhanEver thought two bright tones cannot work together? Take a cue from Kareena Kapoor Khan. The actor styled her aqua-blue bodysuit with a neon green, sequined, pencil skirt. Neutralising the look further with a pair of transparent, strappy heel.  Kriti SanonKriti Sanon effortlessly worked this form-fitting colour-blocked gown. She kept the rest of her look minimal with a pair of dainty, hoop earrings, and centre-parted hair.  Aditi Rao Hydari Aditi Rao Hydari demonstrated a distinctive of wearing the power suit. She opted for an ox-blood and burnt orange asymmetrical pantsuit, which she styled with a traditional choker.  Tara SutariTara Sutaria broke the monotony of her black and white outfit by teaming it with a bright neon skirt, another way of working the colour-block trend.  Athiya ShettyAthiya Shetty opted for a contrasting gown in lime green and beige, working two contradicting hues in the same outfit.  Alia BhattInstead of infusing multiple colours in the same outfit, Alia Bhatt chose contrasting separates in two bright hues, an innovative way of sporting the colour-block trend.					The sporty-chic dress trend is a cheat sheet for those who like to appear stylish without compromising on functionality. Sporty dresses don’t necessarily have to be made from active-wear material, all it needs to be is comfortable with an athletic feel to it. Sartorial expert Sonam Kapoor Ahuja wore a mustard yellow, pocketed dress, with stripe detail, teamed with a pair of funky dad-sneakers, adding to the sporty vibe. On the other hand, Ananya Panday demonstrated a different way of wearing the trend by opting for a crayon blue, wrap dress by Balenciaga and teamed it with a pair of strappy heels. Here’s our edit of all the different ways in which you can sport the trend.  Kriti SanonKriti Sanon styled her geometrically-patterned, hoodie-dress with a pair of white sneakers, showing you how to upgrade your travel style.  Kareena Kapoor Khan Kareena Kapoor Khan wore a beige and bottle green coloured, pocketed dress with centre zip detail. Giving the sporty dress trend an unusual spin.  Sonakshi SinhaSonakshi Sinha layered her royal blue, dual-slit, fitted dress with an oversized, monochrome, printed jacket, elevating the glamour quotient of the look. Vaani KapoorVaani Kapoor styled her neon short dress with a monotoned jacket, demonstrating a different way of working the sporty dress trend.  Sonam Kapoor AhujaThe actor gave her regular look a sporty upgrade by teaming her midnight blue, pleated dress with a bright red sweater from Bhaane’s latest collection. Sonam further dialled it up a notch by wearing statement silver jewellery with an athletic look.					There are risqué trends, and then there is the cut-out dress trend. The peek-a-boo skin-show moment has an understated appeal to it. There are multiple ways in which you can wear the cut-out dress. The geometrical shape can be carved out from the centre, showing your toned midriff or from the sides and the back, accentuating your curves. Recently, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen in a lemon yellow, diamond-shaped, midriff cut-out dress by Dion Lee, at the trailer launch of her movie. The actor teamed the dress with a pair of strappy heels, dainty earrings and hexagon-shaped glasses. You can easily replicate this look at your next Sunday brunch with the girls. Scroll down to view all the celebrity-approved ways of wearing a cut-out dress.  Nushrat Bharucha Nushrat Bharucha styled this metallic, side cut-out dress by Rohit Gandhi and Rahul Khanna with a pair of high heels and pushed-back sleek hair. A party look you can easily imitate.  Janhvi KapoorJanhvi Kapoor raised the heat in this multiple cut-out, asymmetrical Basil Soda gown. The young actor complemented the ensemble with a pair of statement Sophie Webster heels and a stark red mouth. Pooja HegdePooja Hegde broke the solid colour monotony of this bright-coloured yellow dress with a pair of aqua-hued earrings. A smart styling hack you can incorporate in your next look.  Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor effortlessly worked the monochromatic, sequined, side cut-out dress by Prabal Gurung. The actor kept the rest of her look simple with a sleek ponytail, drop earrings and a hint of glitter on the lids. If less is more is your vibe, this look is tailor-made for you. Kiara AdvaniKiara Advani looked like a vision in this double textured, side cut-out dress. If you want to give the sequin and bright colour combination a rest, you can opt for this minimal-chic outfit by Prabal Gurung.					The big, puffy tulle gowns, with a Carrie Bradshaw stamp of approval, are having a major moment in fashion right now. With the recent resurgence of maximalism, celebrities are pulling all the stops with these candy-floss resembling couture gowns.Deepika Padukone has championed the art of wearing the voluminous gowns and has demonstrated different ways to work it on the red carpet. She recently wore a ballet-pink and black, off-shouldered tulle gown by Giambattista Valli at the closing ceremony of a film festival. The actor kept the rest of her look minimal with dainty jewellery and dewy makeup. Contradicting her classic-chic look, was Malaika Arora, who stepped out looking like a fiery goddess in an asymmetrical, scarlet gown by the same designer. She elevated her look with layered pearl necklaces, shimmering eyelids and a stark red mouth. Here’s a round-up of all the different ways in which celebrities have demonstrated this trend. Deepika PadukoneDeepika Padukone’s love affair with fluffy, capacious gowns goes way back. The actor decoded this tried-and-tested formula on the Cannes runway two years ago and has showcased multiple ways of wearing the large couture ensembles ever since. Priyanka Chopra JonasPriyanka Chopra Jonas made her Cannes red carpet debut this year. For one of her appearances with her husband Nick Jonas, she opted for a pristine white, multi-layered, Georges Hobeika gown. Chopra Jonas punctuated her look with a dainty diamond necklace, pulled back sleek hair and her signature warm-toned makeup. Sonam Kapoor AhujaWhen it comes to defying the fashion norms, nobody does it quite like Sonam Kapoor Ahuja. The sartorial expert gave the big tulle gown trend her own spin in this raven black, pre-stitched, gown-sari by Shehlaa Khan, detailed with exaggerated sleeves. She dialled it up a notch by teaming it up with a veiled fascinator by Philip Treacy. Aishwarya Rai BachchanAishwarya Rai Bachchan took the red-carpet game to a whole another level with this extravagant, feather detailed, Ashi-studio tulle gown. The actor who is a regular at Cannes Film festival has upscaled the bar for her contemporaries. Sara Ali KhanShe may be new to the world of Bollywood but isn’t a rookie when it comes to fashion. Sara Ali Khan looked like a vision in this 3D dimensional, tulle gown by Gaurav Gupta for a recently held award function.					There is a nip in the air and the weather is finally getting pleasant. Although we do not get to enjoy the perks of a full-blown winter just yet, we can still relish the season with an upgraded wardrobe. A fail-safe trend you can bet on is the shirt dress, it’s cosy, comfortable and ultra-stylish. It’s basically a shirt sans the pants, but we’re not complaining.You can style it with a broad belt like Sonakshi Sinha, or wear it oversized like Malaika Arora. Layer it with a blazer and you’re boardroom ready, or team it with thigh-high boots for a night on the town. You can also make it your workwear staple like Meghan Markle who is an official fan of the buttoned-down shirt dress trend. We’ve rounded up a list of celebrity-approved shirt dress looks for you to take style inspiration from. Malaika AroraWant to achieve that laid-back, relaxed, chic look? Take cue from Malaika Arora who styled her oversized grey shirt with a pair of fiery red, ankle-length boots. Pooja HegdePooja Hegde upped her street-style game with this metallic blue, striped shirt, which she styled with a Gucci, belt bag and chained sunglasses. You can imitate this look if you want to give your basic shirt dress an upgrade. Sonam Kapoor AhujaSonam Kapoor Ahuja wore this black and white, Cover Story dress, designed by Karl Lagerfeld and teamed it with a pair of sleek, black boots. Demonstrating how to work this trend the old-school, classic way. Karisma KapoorIf the idea of wearing a plain shirt dress to work sounds mundane to you, layer it with a blazer and a pair of cool sneakers, just like Karisma Kapoor did. Shraddha KapoorInstead of digging deep in your closet to find that perfect party dress, borrow a formal shirt from your boyfriend, team it with a wide, waist-clenching belt and you have a winning look on your hands. Deepika PadukoneIf minimalism isn’t your thing and you’re all about those intricate details, opt for this long, form-flattering, knotted shirt dress by Rajesh Pratap. Ditch the jewellery, like Deepika Padukone, and allow the dress to take the centre stage. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon kept this day look fuss-free in an emerald green, shirt dress by Nupur Kanoi and styled it with a pair of closed-toe heels and geometrical earrings by Azotiique. Kriti KharbandaKriti Kharbanda was seen working the trend in this printed shirt dress and kept the rest of the look clean with just a high top-knot.   The most recurring sari during the festive season was the sequin laden six yards by Manish Malhotra, another innovative rendition of the classic silhouette by the couturier. The shimmer sari has become a go-to sartorial choice for almost every leading lady in Bollywood. The latest addition to the list is Bhumi Pednekar who opted for an off-white sequin sari, and teamed it with a dainty velvet blouse during her movie promotion. While Bhumi went for a classic-chic look, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen sporting a rose-pink sequin sari with a barely-there blouse. Kapoor Khan punctuated the risqué look with a layered diamond necklace and her signature makeup. Here’s our edit of all the versatile ways in which you can work this trend. Bhumi PednekarBhumi Pednekar is all about the less is more formula, seen here in an antique white, sequin sari and blouse, sans the jewellery. Tara Sutaria  The young and vivacious Tara Sutaria stepped out in a smoke grey, sequin sari and blouse combination for the recent Diwali festivities. To do justice to this all-embellished ensemble, Tara swapped heavy statement jewellery for a dainty layered necklace and complemented it with soft and peachy makeup. Natasha PoonawallaThe all-time advocate of all things extra, Natasha Poonawalla pulled all stops with this sage green sequin sari and styled it with an emerald green necklace, suitable for a Maharani. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon’s take on the trend was a little different from her contemporaries. She styled her shimmering sari with a strappy, backless blouse, chandelier earrings, deep smokey eyes and Mogra bearing low bun. Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor in a sequined black sari is a vision to behold. The actress paired her sari with a cutout blouse and kept the rest of her look minimal, keeping the entire focus on the traffic-stopping silhouette.   Checkered pantsuits are having a major moment this season. The recent resurgence of this trend takes you back to school time nostalgia when plaid, tartan and checks dominated your closet. Fast forward to 2019, the checkered suits have now been given a glamorous makeover by the leading ladies of Bollywood. Anushka Sharma bowled everyone over with her boardroom-ready Gucci pantsuit, which she wore on a red carpet for an awards function. Deepika Padukone gave her checkered suit a retro twist, with flared trousers, overlapping jacket and pair of round glasses. Here’s a list of the most recent revivals of trend and how you can incorporate the same in your wardrobe. Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor wore the perfect outfit you need to juggle between work meetings and happy hour. If you want to do the same, opt for this berry-hued, checkered suit by Prabal Gurung and swap the shirt for a black cropped top. Kriti SanonAnother interesting take on the trend was showcased by Kriti Sanon, who wore a white Appapop checkered suit, with an innovative cuff detailed trouser at the airport. To nail the semi-casual look, she styled it with over-sized sunglasses and a pair of white kicks. Sobhita DhulipalaShobita Dhulipala demonstrated a cool new way of mixing and matching different types of checkered prints through her recent look at an awards function. Dhulipala layered the suit on a printed T-shirt and accessorised it with white pumps and cat-eye glasses. Priyanka Chopra JonasPriyanka Chopra Jonas kept it easy chic as she styled her grey checkered suit with a polo neck T-shirt and a pair of clear glasses. An elevated airport look, suitable for the globetrotter. Deepika PadukoneDeepika Padukone could easily pass off as a yesteryear actress in this sage green, checkered pantsuit. The actor further complemented her classic ensemble with round glasses, nude pumps and sleek centre-parted hair.   For some millennials, sari may not be the top thing on their festive wear list, as the idea of draping the six-yards and tripping in it is very real. Here’s the good news, the recent upgrade given to the meticulous silhouette has finally made it functional and gen-next friendly. Props to the modern-day designers for thinking beyond the archetypical version of a sari and serving us with innovative pre-stitched, layered and asymmetrical styles. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja gave it a yesteryear spin by teaming her sari with an open koti blouse, Shilpa Shetty-Kundra opted for a sari-gown, something you can effortlessly slip into. Here’s our edit of all the unconventional ways in which the leading ladies have worn a sari and so can you. Shilpa Shetty KundraShilpa Shetty Kundra flaunted her envious curves in a pink, ruffled sari by Riddhi Mehra and teamed it with a tube blouse, and a belt. A winning look for all those who have killer collar bones and don’t want to hide them under layers. No new sari? No problem. Pull an old sari out of your mother’s closet, drape it the classic way and layer it with a structured long jacket, just like Shilpa Shetty Kundra did with her Angadi heritage sari.  Katrina KaifKatrina Kaif knocked it out of the park with this pastel, belted sari and off-white jacket combination by Anamika Khanna. If you’re looking for an innovative construction with a lot of details, this ensemble is calling out to you. Chitrangda SinghChitrangda Singh raised the heat in this pre-stitched, metallic number by Amit Aggarwal. This is all you need if you’re planning to steal everyone’s thunder this Diwali. Sonam Kapoor AhujaSonam Kapoor Ahuja looked ethereal in this open-Koti, old-school sari by Sabyasachi. For those who are looking to go all retro-chic, you can thank us later. Amplify your cool-girl vibe in this pre-stitched, palazzo sari by Rheson, team it with a pair of combat boots and you’re officially ready to be the fashion rebel you always wanted to be. KajolThe power-house actress seen here in an asymmetrically draped, gold and off-white sari by Tarun Tahiliani. This statement-making look will push you out of your comfort zone and will help you up your sartorial game this Diwali.																		Festive spirit is all about spreading love and happiness. There’s no better time to tell your loved ones that you appreciate everything they do for you. Express your gratefulness with a thoughtful gift that they’ll enjoy and cherish. Here’s a gifting guide with plenty ideas for every woman who holds a special place in your heart. ELEGANCE PERSONIFIED Dainty rings by CaratLane BOHO BABEGlass Sutra’s handmade, bespoke, glass jewellery collection by Gappei PRETTY GIRL SWAGOn-trend sunnies by Vogue Eyewear  Hand-painted, vegan footwear collection by Designer Vedika Merh and CAI FUN AND FOODIE Araku Coffee & Svami’s Ready to Drink Ginger Ale ALL THINGS FANCY Luxury artisanal chocolates and paintings by Muse The Store  MADAME FASHIONISTA Contemporary kurtas by Raisin  Frill sarees by Limerick  MAKEUP MAVEN Mac gifting boxes NATURAL NICHE Forrest Essentials gift box Bellebox from Vanity Wagon					Festive season comes with the added pressure of looking presentable at every event. Besides impressing the long list of relatives and your secret office crush with your sartorial choices, you also need to get some Instagram-worthy shots for the grid. To make all your festive looks distinctive from one another, you need to strategically plan your wardrobe for all the different occasions you've sent an RSVP to.While you can wear a long and flowing Anarkali for a puja, you can dial it up a notch by opting for an elegant sari to the late-night card party. Keep it contemporary for the office party with an angarakha styled kurta, and bring out the big guns (voluminous lehenga) for the main soiree. Here’s our edit of all the celebrity-approved festive ensembles you can take inspiration from. Karisma KapoorBegin your festivities with a relaxed Anarkali in contrasting hues, and look as ethereal as Karisma Kapoor. Shilpa Shetty KundraShilpa Shetty Kundra seen here in a retro, polka-dotted sari teamed with a pussy-bow blouse, a classic look you should recreate for the glamorous card party. Shraddha KapoorShraddha Kapoor looked drop-dead gorgeous in this beige, intricately embroidered, Tarun Tahiliani sharara set. The perfect outfit for all the Diwali luncheons and day-time gatherings with family and friends. Tara SutariaIf you’re looking to make a statement at your office party without going OTT, this unconventional, angarakha dress with an asymmetrical cut is just the silhouette for you. You can give it an ethnic flavour by accessorising it with traditional jewellery, just like Tara Sutaria did. Ananya PandayIt’s the festival of lights, the only occasion where you can look like a disco ball and get away with it. Pull all the stops and go for the extravagant lehenga you were contemplating about. Ananya Panday opted for a gold, mirror work lehenga by Abu Jani-Sandeep Khosla and styled it with a halter neck blouse bearing exaggerated sleeve detail. Talk about going big or going home.					Planning your festive wardrobe can get exhausting and monotonous. While playing dress-up is fun, the idea of wearing heavy-duty lehengas and saris to each event can get taxing. Long nights of card parties, endless Diwali lunches and that office party you can’t miss – there’s a smart way of showing up to all these occasions without making it look repetitive. Ditch your traditional blouse for a crisp white shirt and pair it with a bright-coloured lehenga and a pair of statement earrings, a classic Karisma Kapoor move. Swap the voluminous skirt for a flared pair of palazzos, and team it with a cropped top, just like Sara Ali Khan did. Here’s our edit of all the unconventional ways in which you can spruce up your festive style. Alia BhattWho needs a blouse when you can perfectly work the printed Sabyasachi sari like Alia Bhatt. Add a pair of shoulder dusters and you’re good to go. Taapsee PannuDenim sari? Yes, please. Taapsee Pannu doesn’t abide by your conventional rule book, seen here in a denim sari paired with a collared blouse. A breezy look for all the fashion rebels.A hybrid silhouette between a sari and a pantsuit. Tapsee Pannu opted for this all-white ensemble by starch the label and made a strong case for androgynous dressing with a twist. Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor wore a straight-fit kurta, layered with a jacket both by Antar-Agni, and punctuated the look with a pair of white kicks. This one is for all the girls who live in their denim and sneakers, wanting to stick to the same formula even during the festive season. Sonakshi SinhaIf you’ve got abs, it's morally incorrect to keep them hidden. Sonakshi Sinha working her cool-girl spell as per usual in these culottes cropped top and patchwork jacket set by Anamika Khanna. Shilpa Shetty KundraShilpa Shetty Kundra flaunting her statuesque figure in this metallic sari-gown by Amit Aggarwal. If you’re looking for a form-flattering, modern silhouette, this is it. Sonam Kapoor AhujaAlways ahead of the curve, Sonam Kapoor Ahuja looked splendid in an off-white, plunging kurta and pant set, teamed with a blazer and a gold choker. Calling out all the risk-taker who can efficiently strut in in this décolletage neckline bearing ensemble. Sara Ali KhanThe next-gen Bollywood actress looked like a vision in a navy-blue copped top and flared palazzo set by Nupur Kanoi. If you’re looking for a blend of Indian and western sensibilities, this ensemble is perfect for you. Janhvi KapoorThe young and effervescent Janhvi Kapoor opted for a ruffled, cropped white shirt over her shimmering, powder blue lehenga by Abu Jani-Sandeep Khosla. An innovative trick to offset the look by keeping the bottom half heavy and upper half light.					 Dressing up for festivities is something that we all look forward to. Yes, we love Diwali and everything that comes with it. But wait. How exactly do you embrace the festive spirit at your workplace without going overboard? We are here to help you with your dilemma. Here is a list of some fun outfits that you can flaunt at your workplace without hassle. Pair with palazzos Palazzos are effortlessly stylish and comfortable. They are an undeniable fashion must-have. Pair them up with a stylish silk or georgette blouse with traditional prints. Add a chunky beaded ethnic necklace to complete your look. How about a long, elegant kurti to go along with a pair of flared palazzos? We love this look because it is sophisticated and oh-so-stunning. Go ahead and throw on some bangles to amp up the ethnic quotient. Now that we're talking about comfort, what are your thoughts on rocking a pair of smart and versatile cigarette pants with that long kurti? Easy on the eyes and tasteful, cigarette pants look good with almost every type of kurti! Fancy donning a long embroidered jacket along with your palazzos? These jackets will add extra definition and detail to your ensemble. Here's a quick example for you to nail this look. Pair a long white kurti with white palazzos and add a long, printed jacket over it. Throw on a pair of Kolhapuris for that extra oomph. Complete your ensemble by wearing a pair of stunning chandelier or drop earrings. Sari, not sorry!Timelessly beautiful, saris are something that Indian women love wearing. Fabrics like cotton, khadi, silk, and linen promise comfort and look extremely graceful. Similarly, chiffon saris are light and scream elegance. Stick to the pastel palette if you're not entirely comfortable with wearing bold colours to work. Add a cute little bindi and you will be good to go! Not comfortable wearing your regular sari blouse to the office? Worry not! How about a shirt blouse instead? Our Bollywood divas have been in love with this trend for quite some time now and we think it's time that you did too! Pair a crisp full-sleeved shirt blouse with a cotton or linen sari and voila! You have yourself a drop-dead gorgeous outfit that you can comfortably flaunt at your workplace. Cute and quirky peplum blouses are all the rage in town these days. Go ahead and try one out with your sari.  Twist to the originalsKurti dresses are pretty much like the 'LBD' of ethnic fashion; you must have at least one in your wardrobe! Angarakha and shirt-style kurtis make us swoon. Also, they look great with every body type! Wear a smart shirt with a printed long skirt… Who says skirts can't be worn with a buttoned shirt? This look has been all the rage in town this festive season. Pair a flared long skirt with a crisp, well-fitted shirt and get ready to make heads turn all day. Oh! Tasselled earrings work exceptionally well with this outfit. Back to the basicsHow can we not mention the quintessential ethnic work-fashion piece? Ladies, the quaint and angelic white Chikankari kurti can be your lifesaver during the festivities. Throw on a bright coloured dupatta over it for that happy burst of colour. Bandhani and Phulkari dupattas are our personal favourite! You can try on a statement neckpiece or a pair of oxidised jhumkas to go with it. Not feeling experimental? Stick to the classic anarkali. Ladies, you can never go wrong with this one. Opt for floor length and heavily flared anarkalis. The high raised A-line cut makes them look exquisite no matter the body type. How about going one step ahead with some mesmerising chaandbali earrings? You can also wear a nice front open anarkali kurti with your favourite pair of dark jeans. So there you have it! Your very own handy guide for flaunting ethnic wears at your workplace this Diwali! Text: Sanika Tamhane  Got too much to do with almost no time? Well, don’t worry as we have a look book of your next five days right here! Pick your favourite looks and shine on this Diwali. Femina puts together a variety of looks, ensuring that women of all ages get to look their best self this very Diwali. DAY ONE: DHANTERAS Raisin Option AStyle: We recommend an asymmetric kurta. A kurta is not only comfortable to wear but looks oh-so-chic, especially if there is a design element that adds to the look. The asymmetric style gives it an edgy look. If the neckline is low, then team it up with a chunky choker and mid-sized studs in the ear. If the neckline is high, leave the neck jewellery-less and wear chunky earrings. Add some bangles and finger rings and you're set.Makeup: Rosy glow makeup would look perfect with this. Apply subtle blush strokes that make your cheeks pop by adding a touch of extra blush along cheekbones, blending out toward your temples. Nude lips with defined eyes will complete the look. Punit BalanaOption BStyle: For the same vibe, but a different look, go for a layered dhoti pant teamed with a fitted top. The dhoti pant can be of a single colour and the top with it can be in a traditional print, or vice versa. The juxtaposition of plain and print makes for an interesting visual, and balances the look. Drape a long scarf around your neck, or tie it like a turban on your head to quirk it up. Round hoops at your ears and chunky bangles will complete the look.Makeup: To compliment this look we would suggest mauve accents as a preferred makeup looks. Mauve is one of those perfect shades for transitioning from warm weather to cooler temperatures because it feels more dramatic than summery shades. DAY TWO: NARKACHATRUDASHI Option AStyle: Try a sharara with a matching short kurta and dupatta. A monotone colour scheme looks subtle yet striking with the embellishments. Accessories with chaandbaalis and multiple bangles in contrasting colour.  Makeup: Highlight the eyes and the lashes with thick eyeliner and long lashes. Add faux lashes if needed. Keep the rest of the makeup nude, with just a gloss over the lips. MishruOption BStyle: Make your regular kurta stand out with an interesting bottom! Wear a slit pant that are not only comfort-plus, but take your look to the next level. To complete this look accessorise yourself with a silver oxidised choker along with matching jhumkas.Makeup:  Brighten up your face by the prominence of a highlighter unlike contouring, which has slowly but surely been disappearing from our radar, whereas highlighting has consistently been a great route for emphasizing points of your face where the light hits. Just a touch on your Cupid's bow, cheekbones, and brow arches give your skin a naturally gorgeous finish. DAY THREE: LAXMI POOJA Abu Jani Sandeep KhoslaOption AStyle: This is a day of giving ode to the goddess of wealth, Laxmi. As gold is worshipped on this day, it is apt that you wear that colour too. Wear a monotone gold sari with an embellished border. The blouse can be in a design of your choice. Ensure you wear bold earrings. The neckpiece and bangles can be as blouse design too. A maangtika won’t look amiss. Makeup: To complement the sari, you should go with matt gold eyeshadow with brown smudged eyeliner giving a smoky gold look. Neutral brown lip shade is the only other makeup you need. Anita DongreOption BStyle: A traditional sari never goes amiss! Opt for a Banarasi silk sari with rich metallic embellishments on the borders and the pallu. The blouse design can be as per your choice. Keep the jewellery traditional too. Kundan neck piece and earrings with coloured bangles and a kundan cuff is what will look best.Makeup: To enhance the overall look, keep your makeup subtle. Just put on thin wings on the eyes and nude lips with contoured cheeks. DAY FOUR: PADVA Tarun TahilianiOption AStyle: A cream coloured mid-thigh length dress-like kurta worn over flared pallazos make for an uber-chic style that will have you looking oh-so-stylish this day. If you don’t mind to show off that pristine clear skin, have a deep V neck, but if not, opt for this in a smaller V neckline. With the deep V-neck, you can wear a bold choker in the neck and mid-sized studs in your ears. Makeup: To add just a little more glamour to this look, sport rich red lips. Use a nude or light brown coloured eye shadow and just highlight the eyes with crisp eyeliner. Arpita Mehta Option BStyle: A georgette or crepe sari with flounces on one side takes the traditional sari to a new level. Have the sari in a plain fabric or just a printed one. Have the blouse heavily embellished to add the festive touch to the look. Add a matching belt over the sari and pallu to add a glam quotient. Statement earrings and a cuff at the wrist with a statement ring on the other hand… that’s the only jewellery you need for this look.Makeup: Get your eyes to do all the talking. Using the same colour as on the outfit, have your eye liner coloured, bold and bright. Keep the rest of the makeup in complete nude. DAY FIVE: BHAIDOOJ House of MasabaOption AStyle: Give your style an edge with an off-shoulder dress that follows similar asymmetry at the hem too. Pair it with straight pants and you’re ready. Wear a multi-layered long neck piece with matching pair of earrings. A funky armlet on the side where the dress doesn’t have shoulder support and some layered bangles will look very chic.Makeup: For an edgy ensemble, you need edgy makeup too. Why not opt for multi-coloured eyeliners? Use two different colours for the line above and below the eyes. A little shimmer on the eyelids and fresh pink lips is all you need. Pooja ShroffOption BStyle: A boat-neck kurta that is asymettric at the hem is also an option you can choose. From below the waist to floor-length, the hemline is in an inverted U-shape, making for an interesting design detail. Wear it over draped pants and this look will make heads turn. Wear printed top with plain bottom or vice versa. Wear oxydised choker and cuffs at your wrist, and you’re set.Makeup: Go matte for this look. Brown matte lipstick with subtle smoky eyes and you’re ready to rock the look. - Inputs by Nondini Dhawan  													If the idea of stepping out in heavier-than-your-body-weight lehengas making you want to ditch those Diwali events, we’ve got some good news for you. If you’re not the kind of person who likes to go all OTT with your Diwali looks, the brocade trend is tailor-made for you. While it's traditional and looks opulent, brocade silhouettes are also light-weight and functional. It will help you dance the night away in comfort. Kareena Kapoor Khan and Tara Sutaria made the perfect case for this trend, by looking festive-ready in these brocade ensembles, without comprising on the glamour quotient. Here’s a list of celebrities who will convince you to invest in a brocade kurta, lehenga or Anarkali for all the upcoming soirees you’re planning to attend. Swara BhaskarSwara Bhaskar opted for this six-yards of beauty, and styled it with a pair of shoulder dusters, keeping it elegant and chic. Karisma KapoorThe undisputed queen of style, Karisma Kapoor paired her brocade skirt with a simple white shirt. A styling trick you can incorporate if you want a fusion look. Mrunal ThakurThe versatile actress opted for mustard, brocade sharara set, an ideal look for day-time pujas and Diwali lunches. Esha GuptaEsha Gupta chose a bright, neon kurta set and styled it with a pair of statement earrings, a look you can easily recreate for the next card party. Alia BhattAlia Bhatt perfectly balanced her fiery red kurta and palazzo set with a pair of long, gold chandelier earring and a sleek bun. A classic look, one for the books.					Diwali , the festival of light, is a perfect celebration of all things bright. For those who love the style, Diwali gives them the right excuses to put their fashionable foot forward while the friends, family and loved ones come together to celebrate. If you're wondering about the Diwali fashion trends to follow, we've all the perfect compilation to strut in style for the glittering evenings.These Diwali fashion trends will also help you navigate the gifting dilemma for your girl gang and lovely women of your lives. This Diwali, you can channelize your inner diva as you get to exude exuberance, glitz and glamor in the stylish latest fashion from our perfect festive picks. Want to know which Diwali trends to pick that suit your innate style? Scroll below:Diwali Fashion Trends: Minimum Is MaximumThis Diwali, try your hands on some exhilarating minimalistic fashion . Minimalistic outfits are all the rage this season, and this Diwali, you can make the most of it. The basic principle of minimalistic fashion is to keep it simple. You can endorse a simple sari look, clubbed with natural makeup and light jewelry to mark the occasion. This Diwali fashion trend  will help you keep light and would make your celebration free of fuss. And whoever said, less is more, are obviously right. Try and find out! Tip:  You can use the art of layering to add charm to your minimalistic approach. Play up your look by mixing different textures. Diwali Fashion Trends: PalazzosPalazzos have made a distinct place in our hearts with their easy-breezy appeal and ultra-comfortable carryings. The best part about this Diwali fashion trend is that you can pair it with a crop top, tunic, kurta, Anarkali or even with a choli, and would eventually emerge out as the fashionista . Palazzos are also a top fave outfit style favored by celebs. Tip:  With a wide-legged palazzo pant , try long kurtas to add dimension to your outfit. If you're pairing it up with a tunic or long top, glam up with accessories like belts for add some definition to your look. This Diwali, show off some printed perfection Printed Maxi dresses are everybody's top favorite outfit, no matter the occasion. Come Diwali, try and pick some printed maxi dresses that match the festive appeal and accentuate your fashion game . You can go for an ethnic range, which is available in most brands or prefers something simplistic. Take cues from your favorite celebs and up your festive style game in printed maxi dresses .Tips: Don't go overboard by mixing too many different prints. However, if you're mixing patterns, don't blend more than two types of prints in your look. Go ethnic, this Diwali, with the veritable vestsWhether you are a lover of all things simple or adore a jazzed-up look, an ethnic vest, popularly known as Koti, can be the perfect pick this Diwali season. Pair it with your Anarkali, long kurta or a simple top, your festive fashion appeal would be unmatchable in this spunky Diwali fashion trend . Team it up with right accessories, and voila!Tip: Pay extra attention to the right fit. Vest, if not of the perfect fit, can break your look. This Diwali has a sequined affairThere can never be enough of sequins love possible in this world. A little bit of glitter can add the oomph to your look, making you the dazzling diva of every party. Sequins have been in vogue for quite some time. This Diwali, try on a sequined range of outfits at the glittering festivities . From sequined saris to skirts and even kurta, there's nothing that can't handle the sequin shine with elan. What would be your pick?Tips:  You look can be made much better if you add some bold colors to compliment sequins. With sequined outfits, chunky or clunky jewellery or excess accessories should be avoided. Ethnic pants are in vogue this DiwaliGone are the days when bottom wears cam with a limited range of varieties. This Diwali put your fashionable foot forward in ethnic pants. From intricately embroidered range to brocade and zari patterns, ethnic pants are all the rage this season. Pair them up with your fave kurta or crop top, the choice is all yours.Tips: Right fit is the right tip for ethnic pants fashion . Make sure the length of your kurta doesn't kill the charm of your pants. Crop top and lehenga - the perfect trend to pick this DiwaliEndorsed by all your fave celebs, crop top and lehenga combination tops our list of traditional yet spunky Diwali wear . With the accentuated oomph of the crop top and desi touch of the lehenga , this look is a sure-shot heart winner. Go plain or glittery, or printed or embroidered, there are more than one ways to rock this Diwali fashion trend. What would you choose?Tips:  Keep heavy jewellery at bay, if trying this fashion trend. It's best if you choose a simpler neckline for your crop top if you plan to wear jewelry , especially the heavy ones. Bring in comfort and fashion in dhoti salwarsDhoti salwar is a perfect blend of comfort, style and chic statement. Pair them up with a bold tank top or traditional kurtas, their appeal is undeniable. Be the head turner in this fancy, fashionable fad , this Diwali. To add more to your look, team it up with indo-western chic makeup and accessories and you're all set to rock the Diwali party this time.Tips: Do not wear a dupatta if you opt to team up your dhoti salwar with the jacket. Best to be paired with short kurta to show off the fun style. 'Cos c o-ords are in fashionAdd a twist of fusion to your festive wear with this Diwali fashion trend. Co-ords have been making a wave in the fashion scene for some time, and it's your turn to turn up the heat, this Diwali, in these new style trends .Tips: Try light jewelry and minimum accessories with this trendy look . Pay attention to the fit of your co-ord wear to avoid making it look slumpy. Bring on the desi Diwali swag in brocade This Diwali, move over the usual desi prints and try something quintessentially traditional. Brocades have been the crown jewel of the Indian textile landscape. Go for a brocade print sari or try this Diwali fashion trend in skirts or salwar-kameez. You can add the edginess to your look by going for deep-neck blouses and floral sari . Try brocade in silk or velvet to bring out its original charm.Tips:  Don't be afraid to mix and match patterned accessories with brocade. Just keep the same color family and vary the scale, and patterns, if you'd like.  Show off shararaWhy go for mundane skirt look when you can strut in style in a sharara? Ultra-comfy and edgy, this style has been the talk of the fashion town and also a celebrity-loved trend . Try long slits, sheer or mesh, there are multiple varieties of shararas to style for Diwali. Tips:  The best way to flaunt your sharara look is by teaming it up with short Kurtis. Sari with jacket are all the rage, this DiwaliWhat can be a better way to sport a sari with a fun jacket, this Diwali! This fashion fad has been making waves for its boss-lady vibes. Last season, saris with capes were the IT thing, whereas, this year, it's uber-cool to pair a  sari with a jacket . A jacket on top of your sari can totally turn around your look. From traditionally dull, you can go on to become chic and smart in a sari with just one layer. Isn't this cool? Tips:  If you sari is heavily embellished, go for bold-hued jackets . Don't be afraid of mixing textures. Full of fashion and flare Dramatic blouse sleeves have been a head turning fashion trend . This festive season, try on flared sleeved blouses with your sari and add the much-needed spunk to your desi look . You can go for long or short variety and can also opt for deep back neck for additional appeal.Tips:  If you want your blouse to do the talking, try keeping your sari simple for the occasion. Go for heavy earrings and void neckpieces. Bangles would also not be needed with this fashion trend. Diwali Fashion Trends: FAQs 1. What to wear for Diwali Diwali is the time to celebrate with your family. It is also about celebrating our colorful traditions and vibrant culture. However, what you choose to wear should stem out from your idea of âÂÂâÂÂcomfort. If you're comfortable in salwar-kameer or sari or a pant-suit or shorts, you should totally rock it with all your confidence, and fashion and trends would follow! 2. Which dress code fits for the Diwali festival? Ideally, people generally prefer wearing traditional outfits like saris, lehengas and salwar-kameer. There are several other varieties of ethnic outfits from regional areas that can be totally your pick this Diwali. If you're celebrating the festival at home, you can go for something that gives you comfort and mobility as well as style. However, if you're spending this festive time outside the home, you can try new trends and styles like ethnic pants, dhoti salwar, among others. Our advice would be to blend comfort and fashion to have a great time. 3. Is it ok to wear a black color dress on Diwali? Several people in Indian people believe that black should not be picked up to wear on Diwali day. Independently, you can decide to wear the color that you want. But, the festive feeling is all about joy and celebration with your loved ones. It's best if you take advice from a family member to avoid hurting any sentiments on this auspicious day. Somewhere in a far-off land, Cher Wolowitz and Carrie Bradshaw are silently approving the comeback of the mini skirt. Full props to the millennial celebrity brigade in Bollywood for single-handedly bringing back the classic trend into our lives. Ananya Panday and Janhvi Kapoor have managed to sport the trend in versatile ways. Whether they’re hitting the red carpet, or flexing their off-duty style while enjoying a Sunday brunch at Bastian, the young actresses have decoded multiple ways of wearing the tiny silhouette. Here’s a list of different ways in which you can style the ‘it’ trend of the season. Ananya PandayUpdate your work wardrobe with this beige twin set by Ulyana Sergeenko, and put your game face on, just like Ananya Panday did.Copy this Clueless inspired look for a date or a luncheon with friends.  Tara SutariaThe next time you want to colour block your look with a pop of neon, take a hint from Tara Sutraria’s Topshop skirt styled with a black and white blouse.If you’re going for a fun and flirty look, Tara Sutaria’s soda orange, skirt and jacket set is perfect for you. Sara Ali KhanIf sporty-chic is your vibe, opt for this sleek black skirt, and cropped top from Puma. Style it with a pastel jacket and a pair of trendy kicks, like Sara Ali Khan.  Priyanka Chopra JonasLet’s just say Priyanka Chopra Jonas knocked it out of the park with this turquoise turtle neck and mohair skirt ensemble by Max Mara and so can you. Janhvi KapoorTrust Janhvi Kapoor to teach you a thing or two on how to smartly blend retro with metallic, while working the mini skirt trend. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon demonstrating her street style best in an electric blue, asymmetrical skirt and jacket set by Farah Sanjana. Deepika PadukoneDoesn’t matter if you don’t have endless legs like Deepika Padukone, you can still wear this slogan patched, denim skirt and jacket by Kanika Goyal and look like a complete stunner. Kiara AdvaniKiara Advani looked effervescent in this powder pink, semi-sheer blouse and skirt by Anushka Khanna. This look is tailor-made for your next all-girls trip in an exotic location.					If you’re looking to elevate your festive wardrobe this season, take inspiration from these leading ladies who have opted for some unusual and gravity-defying blouse styles. From exaggerated shoulders to some risqué cuts with décolletage detail, these statement-making pieces are all you need. Traditional blouses are constantly being reinvented with a modern twist. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja kept it simple with a scarlet blouse, bearing an asymmetrical front opening. Sara Ali Khan opted for a sheer blouse with 3D floral applique. Want to step out of your comfort zone and experiment with your sartorial choices? Fret not, we’ve got you covered. Here’s our edit of all the styles in which you can interpret the unusual blouse trend. Ananya Pandayif you’re all about flaunting your curves, this barely-there, silver embellished blouse by Sabyasachi is perfect for you. Tara SutariaThis aqua blue, corset with an added rib cage detail by Papa don’t preach is the ideal fusion wear. Sara Ali KhanSara Ali Khan doesn’t play by the rule. Case in point – this all-black, power shouldered blouse with a 3D texture she was recently seen in. If you don’t like to keep it subtle, this Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla number is tailor-made for you. Shraddha KapoorShraddha Kapoor redefines elegance in this sage green, peplum blouse by Kresha Bajaj. Kriti SanonTrust Kriti Sanon to effortlessly work this metallic, hot pink, piece-of-art by Amit Aggarwal. Sonam Kapoor AhujaThis red, floral printed Vedika M blouse on Sonam Kapoor Ahuja may look simple to you from the front, but the back detail is where you get your money shot.Another day another Sonam Kapoor Ahuja outfit you bookmark for future reference. The actress styled this Tamil print sari by House of Masaba with an off-shouldered, balloon sleeved blouse. Priyanka Chopra JonasThe original desi girl raising the oomph factor in this printed Sabyasachi bralette, styled with a ruffled sari. Brownie points on keeping it subtle yet sensuous. Aditi Rao HydariKnown as the ethereal princess of Bollywood, Aditi Rao Hydari looked striking in this midnight-blue, semi-sheer, cut-out blouse by Falguni Shane Peacock. Katrina KaifIf there’s anybody who can work this plunging neckline, ruffle sleeved blouse by Manish Malhotra, it’s Katrina Kaif. Konkona SensharmaThe power-house actress has mastered the art of keeping it easy-chic. Seen here in a mandarin collared bubblegum pink blouse, paired with a smoke grey sari designed by Arjun Saluja. Jacqueline FernandezThe glamour goddess looked like a complete head turned in this rose pink, semi-sheer, ruffle sleeved blouse by Falguni Shane Peacock.					Athleisure is slowly revolutionising as the streetwear in India. Credit the enthusiastic paparazzi culture for capturing your favourite celebrities as they step in and out of the city’s hottest workout spots. We bet, by now you know that Sara Ali Khan is a Pilate’s girl, Malika Arora swears by yoga and Alia Bhatt likes to do it all, because she can. If their rock-solid abs don’t motivate you to drop the packet of chips and hit the gym, their comfortable-chic range of tracksuits definitely will. From cropped hoodies, neon jackets, and colour-blocked bombers to racer-back sports bras, and graphic printed tank tops, there’s a plethora of options to pick from. Kareena Kapoor Khan has mastered the art of more is more, even when it comes to activewear, she likes to add a pop of colour or a shade of neon. Mira Rajput Kapoor, on the other hand, is often sighted in abstract printed, neutral coloured athleisure to the gym. Here’s our edit of all the celebrity-approved tracksuits you need to invest in.  Malaika Arora Style the animal print set with a solid coloured jacket, just like Malaika Arora did. Vaani Kapoor and Sophie ChoudryIf you’re not a fan of all thing matching, opt for a neutral coloured sports bra and legging combination and round it up with a cropped jacket like Vaani Kapoor. You can also use an element of colour from the rest of your clothing in your bomber, just like Sophie Choudry. Kriti Sanon Flaunt your toned midriff in a cropped red T-shirt and track like Kriti Sanon. Elevate your style quotient with this sage green, racer-back sports bra and yoga pants, pair it with a soda orange jacket for that additional burst of colour.  Kiara AdvaniIf understated sexy with a hint of femininity is your vibe, pick Kiara Ali Advani’s bubblegum pink tracksuit while catching your next red-eye.  Mira Rajput Kapoor Mira Rajput Kapoor’s printed tracksuit with a single coloured jacket is for those like to mix it up prints and patterns in their workout wardrobe.  Kareena Kapoor Khan Trust Kareena Kapoor Khan to make you want to revisit the neon trend, full points on getting it right by styling it on an all-black outfit.					The Chopra sisters have demonstrated an alternative way to wear the popular pantsuit. Priyanka Chopra Jonas stepped out in powder pink, satin pantsuit by label Munthe, for the inaugural NBA India Game. Chopra-Jonas opted for this loose-fitted, power suit in a pastel hue, ditching the dark-toned, form-flattering version she’s generally seen in. Parineeti Chopra’s choice of the satin suit will convince you to invest in one. The junior Chopra sister was first seen working the trend in a pearl white suit, from the Tommy Hilfiger and Zendaya collaboration. Not many moons later, the actress chose a similar outfit, this time a navy-blue number by H&M, rounded off the look with a Celine belt and a pair of closed-toe pumps. Look at all the latest additions to this statement-making trend. Priyanka Chopra Jonas The tangerine pantsuit makes the perfect case for easy-chic date-night dressing.  Parineeti ChopraThis off-white suit is a definite game-changer in relaxed power dressing.If you’re looking to shuffle between work and leisure on a Friday night, this H&M navy suit is all you need.  Katrina Kaif This periwinkle blue suit with a long jacket by Michelle Mason strikes the ultimate balance between semi-casual and formal. Shamita Shetty This House of CB, nude-pink suit is ideal for you if power dressing with a hint of glamour is your vibe.					Sonam Kapoor Ahuja, Priyanka Chopra Jonas, Anushka Sharma and Alia Bhatt will convince you to trade the heavy-weight ethnic silhouettes for these elegant printed saris this festive season. Just in time when you’re planning your wardrobe for all the upcoming Diwali parties, these leading ladies have served some serious sartorial inspiration for you. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja and Priyanka Chopra Jonas were seen sporting the trend during their movie promotions, Anushka Sharma was draped in the printed 6 yards for an award function. Here’s our edit of all the printed saris you need to bookmark for the upcoming festivities. Priyanka Chopra Jonas opted for this black, floral-printed sari by Sabyasachi and styled it with her signature sleeveless blouse. She looked like a complete head-turner when she stepped out for the promotion of her upcoming movie. During which, she rocked another printed number by the same label, this time in an off-white and red combination with a retro, polka dotted twist. If there’s a new trend on the horizon, Sonam Kapoor Ahuja is on the forefront of it. Recently, the actor wore a foliage green, micro-floral printed sari by Masaba Gupta and elevated the look with statement silver jewellery. Kapoor-Ahuja kept it easy-chic, something you can effortlessly recreate.  Anushka Sharma swears by the less in more formula, even when it comes to traditional looks, she likes to keep it minimal. Case in point, the mint-green, floral sari by Sabyasachi that she wore for an award function. Staying true to her aesthetic, she rounded off the look with statement shoulder dusters and a messy bun.  Planning the next event on your social calendar and wondering what to wear? Take cues from Kriti Sanon. The marsala hued, printed floral sari with ruffle detail by Arpita Mehta is perfect for all the upcoming Diwali Poojas as well as the late-night card parties.  Madhuri Dixit Nene epitomises grace like no other, and there’s nobody who defines timeless beauty like her. Every time she serves a look, you sit up and take notes. If bold and bright colours aren’t your style, you can opt for this pastel pink, printed organza sari by Jade like the beautiful actress did.					Though this chic phenomenon is not entirely new, its popularity among people is on a rise thanks to its flamboyant presence on social media platforms. If done right, this a la mode fashion can add that extra bit of oomph to your attire. Take a moment and reminisce about the days when we would send out anxious messages to our gang asking them about their outfits. What they were donning for the night? What if our outfits matched? The horror! These momentous precautions have a taken a back seat with changing times.  Matching outfits with your friend is no more a faux pas. Instead, it has become a raging and super fun trend that is here to stay! Twinning as a trend first emerged in South Korea’s K-pop culture. While coordinating your outfits completely is not an anomaly entirely, it can overpower the essence of your real personality and make you look, umm, a little too alike. But hey! We’ve got you covered. Have a look at these simple tips and tricks to ace the twinning game. Go ahead and make that winning statement with your fashion twin! One colour palette, multiple outfitsThis is a great way to flaunt the twin-win look without being too discernible. No worries even if you and bestie have different taste when it comes to styling your clothes. The main idea is to predominantly stay within the same colour palette and explore varied outfits. Think Gigi Hadid’s and Kendal Jenner’s iconic twin ensembles Match your fabricsHere’s an easy breezy example to help you get a better idea about this tip.  You can wear a chic eyelet white cotton dress with and your twin can throw on a white top having a similar eyelet detail. Dressing in tandem with your friend in this way leaves a lot of room for experimentation.  Top to bottom! Bottom to top!Interchanging the colours of your outfit with your BFF can be really fun. Fancy sporting a cute baby pink skirt with a pastel blue top? Your BFF, on the other hand, can rock a baby pink top with a pastel blue skirt. Think out of the boxWhat’s the first thing that comes to your mind when you think about twinning? Matching your garbs, right? While this is the most popular choice, there are some other subtle ways in which you can strut your way into the twin parade. How about getting matching phone covers? You are your fashion twin will be carrying around your phone pretty much everywhere. Bring out those accessories There are a myriad of ways in which you can elevate your twinning game without synchronizing your outfits from head to toe. Add a pair of matching oxidized tribal jhumkas to your ensemble for that subtle yet classy twinning look.  So there you have it! Your very own handy guide which will aid you in conquering this super-fun trend. Lastly, we would just want to remind you that twinning is not about replicating each other’s clothes. Don’t strive to look identical! It is one thing to twin your outfit with a person and another to look like their clone. Maintaining your identity is of crucial importance. Reflect on of your personal sense of style. Ensure that your individual personality shines through your matching outfit. A lot is shouldered by the details therein. The aim is not to look like identical twins. You want to alike but different. You can wear the same shirt but pair it up with different bottoms. Wear dresses with a similar length but different prints. Yes, twinning can be that effortless. In the recent times, we have seen the resurgence of power suits in all patterns and prints, but the one to recur on our Instagram feed time and again is the black power suit. Available in different cuts, silhouettes, and styles, these suits are the epitome of elegance and smartness, and can be styled in multiple ways. Some of the most striking pieces donned by Bollywood divas are listed below; have a look:Kareena Kapoor KhanThe one-sleeved suit by Nikhil Thampi definitely steals the limelight.Kangana RanautThis embellished two-piece by Nedret Taciroglu spells power all the way.Fatima Sana ShaikhTrying to find something that’d be perfect for a big office meeting? Look no further. This suit by Khanijo is all you need.Sonam Kapoor AhujaIf you’re someone who thinks bigger is better, then this one by Jacquemus is just the one for you.  Amyra DasturThese separates by Ashish N Soni will set you in your party mood.Shilpa Shetty KundraWhat’s an ideal outfit to wear in a soiree you ask? This is it; by Jacquemus.  Kalki KoechlinThis Armani power suit complemented with a white blouse is the ideal marriage (if that could be a thing) between sophistication and ease. Do you worry about your ugly arms (it's all in your head)? If yes, then puffy sleeves are perfect to hide them while simultaneously making a fashion statement. Kidding. You can wear this trend anyway since it’s one of the raging fads of 2019. From designers and celebrities to influencers and fashion enthusiasts, everyone is celebrating puffy sleeves. While some like Deepika Padukone prefer going all out, others such as Priyanka Chopra Jonas like it minimal yet loud. So, if you want to keep up with the trend, you can either style a top with the detailing with tapered trousers or make them the centre of your outfit by donning a dress with large puffy sleeves. Scroll down to know how some of our leading ladies have styled the trend:Priyanka Chopra JonasDeepika PadukoneSonam Kapoor AhujaAlia BhattAditi Rao HydariSonakshi SinhaMrunal Thakur Any dress that’s below the knee and above the ankle is called tea-length. These dresses that do not reveal much and yet do not hide everything, is a celeb favourite for various reasons. One being, it makes you look uber-classy and sophisticated, and second, it’s fuss-free since the hems fall above the ankle. We list seven celebrities who recently donned tea-length dresses for different occasions. Have a look and take cue from them to stay ahead of the curve:  Sonam Kapoor AhujaKriti SanonPriyanka Chopra JonasDiana PentyKiara AdvaniShilpa Shetty KundraSonakshi Sinha    As the athleisure trend finds more takers and people keep putting comfort first, one thing can be said for sure–sneakers are here to stay. But choosing sneakers doesn’t mean you have to compromise on style! Stay on-trend with this sneaker style guide detailing trends to watch out for. Go all-white like Deepika Padukone and Athiya Shetty.  Turn to chunky sneakers like Ananya Panday and Alia Bhatt.  There’s nothing quite like textured sneakers!  Tie-dye is a raging sneaker trend.   Fluorescent and neon sneakers are hot favourites too. While you probably love standing out from the crowd, make sure you’re not flaunting trends that many are forsaking for classics and functional pieces! Scroll through this fashion guide for what’s already out and what’s still in for this year.  Out: Zebra and cow prints In: Classics like leopard print and polka dots  Out: Mini sunglasses In: Oversized shades  Out: Overalls  In: Utility jumpsuits  													Out: Tiny handbags  In: Clutches and crossbody bags  Did you see American actor Zendaya at the Met Gala 2019 red carpet? She had a Cinderella moment, where the ‘fairy godfather’ flicked his wand, and the black and blue gown by Tommy Hilfiger lit up in blue! This was made possible with technology; the structure inside the dress was made up of metallic plates, LED lights, batteries and wire. At the same event, musician Janelle Monáe wore an exaggerated Christian Siriano balloon-hipped dress that had a motorised blinking eye on one breast! This too was an amalgamation of fashion and technology at its chicest! Katy Perry was one of the foremost though and had worn a LED dress at the Met Gala and during her tour in 2014. It’s not just the celebs that get to wear such high-tech ensembles, even daily wear is getting its fair share of technological advancement. Wrist-worn smart watches or bands have become common in recent years. But, according to a research carried out by UK-based Juniper Research, the trend is shifting to ‘connected clothing’, which is forecasted by them to become $1 billion industry in 2020! Here are some of such cool garments that you can choose from.Jacket phone: What if you could pick up calls, control music volume, and get directions by just taping or brushing the sleeves? Levi and Google have collaborated for a jacket that does just that! Digital yogi: If you’re learning yoga, and want to refine your poses and get them right, these yoga pants are just for you! Brand Nadi X has come up with the pants that sense when your yoga pose needs refining and uses haptic feedback to create small vibrations on the body part you need to adjust.Swimming in sun: We’re always worried about just how much sunscreen to apply when on the beach, wearing swimwear. Brand Neviano has come up with stylish swimsuits that have a water-proof a UV sensor that detects if the UV rays are high and if you need more sunscreen to be applied! Research is also being done on how else to incorporate technology into fashion in order to make our life easier. At Deakin University’s Institute for Frontier Materials, they’re looking into developing fibres that can store energy. They’re hoping to make garments that can be used to charge phones and other small devices. Imagine slipping your discharged phone into your pocket, and it comes out charged! Well, with more and more of our lives getting touched by technology, is this tech-forward fashion really a surprise? 													Animal printed or in fabrics like suede or PVC, thigh-high boots amp up the look of any outfit. You can either pair it with a dress, or shorts and a top to make you stand out anywhere you go. To know more ways of teaming the shoes with different garments, scroll down, as some of our leading ladies know exactly how to slay in ‘em: Sonam Kapoor AhujaAlia BhattPriyanka Chopra JonasManushi ChhillarBella HadidKim Kardashian WestKendall Jenner Headed out for a much-needed vacay? We’ve got you covered with an easy-breezy style lookbook. From keeping with the neon trend casually to sporting ubiquitous bold prints, here are few ensembles donned by celebs that make for perfect inspo for your holiday wardrobe.  Day-out LookAnushka Sharma’s casual chic look works perfectly for shopping or sightseeing while Tara Sutaria’s uber cool mini-skirt-and-sneaker combo is trendy to grab a bite or take a stroll to explore. Ananya Panday’s checkered co-ord ensemble is also a stylish option you’d want to include in your outfit checklist. Evening-out LookBold prints are in vogue right now and we recommend slipping into a flowy, romantic dress like Priyanka Chopra Jonas or Disha Patani for an evening out with your friends or family.HikingAlthough our girl PeeCee didn’t exactly head out to trek in this ensemble, a more casual version of this outfit will do. A pair of sturdy boots, crisp khaki shorts and a tee is perfect. You can swing the athleisure way too and slip into track pants and a cotton T-shirt with sneakers. BeachIf you’re travelling to tropical climes a swimsuit has got to be on your to-carry list! Opt for either a monokini or bikini like Disha or sport a cute crochet co-ord like Malaika Arora.BrunchWe LOVE a sharp neon outfit. It’s fresh, cool and lets your steal the limelight in all the right ways. If you’re feeling particularly bold try a casual two-piece like Malaika or don a no-fuss mini like Manushi Chhillar. Date NightBe it to the mountains or the beaches, if you’re travelling with bae, indulging in date-night is a must. You can never go wrong with the classic LBD like Lisa Haydon. If you’re looking for something slightly more casual, try a satin slip dress with gladiator flats like Manushi. You’re sorted! 													One of the jewellery trends that’s making waves among fashion enthusiasts and Bollywood divas alike is layering. Whether you opt for chunky pieces like Esha Gupta or keep it dainty like Sonam Kapoor Ahuja, (both, below) this style is sure to upgrade any look instantly. Take cue from our desi girls on how to style this fad: Sonam Kapoor AhujaPriyanka Chopra JonasDeepika PadukoneSonakshi SinhaShilpa Shetty KundraEsha GuptaSayani Gupta 													Traditional Indian jewellery is known to add a luxe quotient to outfits. However, these marvels of chunky gold, silver and kundan pieces are often limited to ethnic clothing. While pairing them with western wear can seem a little daunting, once you learn the art of flaunting your accessories right, there’s no looking back. Scroll through this look to get started! Sonam Kapoor Ahuja Aditi Rao Hydari Alia BhattSobhita DhulipalaMouni RoySanya Malhotra 													Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas’s wedding is taking over the internet, and we won’t be surprised if that spurs you to plan your own. Picking, rather crafting, the perfect dress for D-day is the most important part of all the preparations (second only to finding your perfect groom). The dress you choose should exude your persona, bring the best out of your features, and crazy complement the dazzling man standing next to you on the altar…there’s too much responsibility on it. We have put together a celeb-approved lookbook for your perusal, go gaga! Sophie TurnerPriyanka Chopra JonasKatrina KaifJacqueline FernandezKiera Knightley Sobhita Dhulipala 													Although sunglasses primarily have a job to protect our eyes from the harsh sun rays, fashion lovers have made them a style statement, and we aren’t complaining. From medium and teeny-weeny to larger-than-life frames, sunglasses have undergone several transformations over the years. Feline frames, a.k.a. cat-eye, rose to fame with Audrey Hepburn’s film, Breakfast at Tiffanys in 1961. Since then, it has graced the faces of several Hollywood and Bollywood celebrities time and again on various occasions. We curated a list of some of our leading ladies who have styled the trend really well. Check them out to up your fashion game: Alia BhattDeepika Padukone Priyanka Chopra Jonas Gigi Hadid Sonam Kapoor Ahuja Kaia Gerber Kangana Ranaut 													Prepping to bag that dream job? Get your formal game on point with AND's work wear collection. A solid resume, great qualifications, and sparkling wit are a definite must have to impress your interviewer. But, equally important is the first impression that you create within the initial few seconds of the meeting. Designer clothing brand—AND has a variety of looks you can sport to leave an impactful first impression.We put together a  no-fail shopping list from AND's range of office wear that spells all things business. Make a style statement with a classic black jump suit. AND recognises jumpsuits with a new-found place in its formal collection for a super chic semblance. Moreover, black is a safe, professional colour that looks flattering on all body types. When in doubt, wear black. If you’re interviewing with a more creative company, opt for this dress with orange and blue stripes. A perfect ensemble for the sassy fashionista who would like to stand out rather than fit in. This ruffled hem aqua dress makes for a great attire option for the corporate climber. Exude confidence while looking both formal and fashionable at the same time. It looks chic and feels so comfortable that you won’t have to worry about a thing. Looking to work at a financial firm or as an executive in a corporation, select neutral tones to give that professional look. Wear a well-fitted dress in a neutral shade to prove that you mean business. Pick this dress from AND that has bow detailing which is a hot trend on the red carpets. This chevron dress with blue stripes strikes the right balance between grace and glamour.  A refined look for the lady who carries many successes in the bag, ready for the next run.													For a more casual work environment, opt for florals to convey a relaxed vibe. A touch of delicate with glam galore... AND's play of prints presents soft pastels paired with an high-waisted trouser in a pop of colour. It's the perfect pick for girls who are marking their presence in the field of fashion.Your wardrobe speaks volumes about yourself. Don’t be afraid to show who you are in the workspace. To shop AND's collection, visit the site.  													While heels have always been spotted at parties and dates, it’s fancy flats that are replacing them on various occasions with its ‘comfort-first’ appeal. With detailings and pop colours becoming the highlight of an outfit, you can play around with different flats while wearing a monotone dress or separates. Here’s a list of Bollywood celebrities who have styled this newborn trend effortlessly: Sonam Kapoor Ahuja Kareena Kapoor KhanAnushka SharmaDia MirzaKriti SanonKiara AdvaniTaapsee Pannu Be it Priyanka Chopra Jonas or Sonam Kapoor Ahuja, all the leading ladies have one thing in common, they are in love with the trending colour of the season—orange. Whether you go head-to-toe in this bright hue like our desi girl or add a dash of it to your ensemble like Alia Bhatt, this shade can brighten anyone, any day. Here is a list of few other celebrities who have carried the shade effortlessly: Priyanka Chopra Jonas Sonam Kapoor Ahuja Alia Bhatt Kangana Ranaut Deepika Padukone Shilpa Shetty Kundra Ananya Panday    													From runways to streets, the maximalist trend of patchwork can be seen everywhere winning hearts of celebrities and fashion enthusiasts, alike. With mixing and matching taking centre-stage, we show you some celeb-approved ways of styling this fad to keep you ahead of the fashion game: Sonam Kapoor AhujaTaapsee PannuPooja HegdeBella HadidSwara BhaskarGigi HadidKarishma Tanna  Priyanka Chopra Jonas flaunted a shimmery asymmetrical dress at the Cannes Film Festival this year, and the trend took over the fashion world like wildfire. Wondering why? One has to give credit to its versatile make that blends flawlessly across cool and casual little dresses to chic evening gowns. What’s more, it adds a playful touch to the attire that evokes a sense of mystery. If you wish to get on this bandwagon, here’s how B-town is making the best of an uneven hemline. Kriti Sanon Malaika AroraLisa HaydonSonam Kapoor AhujaShruti HaasanBhumi Pednekar 													Bows have always been considered as a delicate addition to any outfit that enhances elegance, takes the sass a notch higher, and bestows more definition to the look. However, more often than not they are considered as an add-on than the most striking element of attire. Their sudden, stylish entry in the mainstream haute couture is making heads turn on the red carpet, and we find ourselves wondering… Is the bow trend switching towards the center of the stage? Decide for yourself:  													Casual chokers have been a much loved accessory, adding sass to street style since early 2000s. This year, the choker trend underwent a fashionable transformation making their way in the traditional game. These close-fitting necklaces have the potential of giving a striking definition to any outfit. Well that’s not it, this gorgeous piece of accessory also gives a well-sculpted look to the neck. Bollywood divas are going gaga over traditional chokers… Here’s how you can team your pick to ace the next ethnic look you sport: Go solo with a chunky choker.Don it with an off-shoulder style to make the necklace stand out.Team it with a plain blouse to amp up the drama. Wear it along with a long necklace for a royal touch. Pick one with coloured beads to match with your outfit.Pair it with matching statement earrings. Go for a gold and traditional version of the casual choker, as sleek as stylish. Wondering where to go choker shopping? Here’s something to get you started: Choker sets by Kashi JewellersChunky chokers by Gehna Jewellers 													Dainty chokers by Tanishq 													Everything at the 72nd international Cannes film festival is making news since last 10 days, giving the fashion world its freshest lot to go gaga over. If you’re keeping an eye on all things trending, here are some of the latest looks from the French Riviera.   Bedazzling beautyAdriana Lima looks like a vision in this vivid violet haute couture. Teaming thigh-high slit with a halter neck style, and topping it up with matching earrings and lots and lots of shimmer, Lima’s style is on point!  Pink-a-tonLorena Rae features a sultry play of frills with just the right amount of shine in Rami Kadi. Raise a toast!Natasha Poly dressed in this Versace gown is elegance personified. Shades of Champaign meet subtle yet shiny makeup and a neat hairdo to perfect her look. If you forgot to notice it in Lima’s style, here’s another reason why you should go overboard when it comes to matching the outfit with your jewellery.  A cape escapeHuma Qureshi concluded her Cannes journey in Anamika Khanna, and we couldn’t have asked for a more gorgeous good bye!  Leather luxeNoel Capri goes bold and basic in a glossy, black Zuhair Murad couture.  Beaming ballerinaGet over little black dresses, red is taking over the season as Alina Baikova’s stuns in Zuhair Murad.  Roaring redDua Lipa is charming over the world with her songs as well as her unique sense of style. She lives up to our expectations as she steps in an extravagant ruffled red gown by Valentino. Asymmetrical cut, drop earrings, and glossy bun are some of the richest trends to take from this look.  Exquisite easeLipa keeps the drama going strong in a figure-hugging black silk dress. Her look wows with a dramatic heart choker that’s sure to rage this year!  Dress me daisyKendall Jenner blooms in a pink perfect dress!  Heaven’s harmonyEva Longoria redefines the modern-day angel in a glossy Alberta Ferretti gown.					 Keeping up with Cannes 2019? See what’s trending at the 72nd Cannes Film Festival on Day 8:LUXE TUXSonam Kapoor Ahuja flaunts a custom Ralph And Russo couture tuxedo with Chopard jewellery. GIVE ME SOME SUNSHINEShe also turns heads in a bright yellow custom-made couture dress by Ashi Studio at the launch of the Garden of Kings collection by Chopard. BRIGHT FUTUREGiving a futuristic vibe, Diana Penty looks chic in this metallic dress with Kimono sleeves. CAPE OF STYLEHuma Qureshi looks chic in this sari-cape ensemble by Gaurav Gupta. SHARP AND SOFTAishwarya Rai Bachchan makes the juxtaposition of a strong and sharp jacket with a soft and flouncy skirt, looking oh-so chic! MONOCHROME MAGICElle Fanning flaunts the quintessential Dior look in an ensemble created by Dior creative director, Maria Grazia Chiuri. MEN IN BLACKLeonardo Di Caprio and Brad Pitt look suave in their black tuxedos. RED ALERTModel Winnie Harlow takes the red carpet in a red flounce asymmetric dress by Jean Paul Gaultier. 													Find out what’s trending at the 72nd Cannes Film Festival on Day 7:Angelic oomphAishwarya Rai Bachchan looks like a heaven-sent Goddess in a white ruffle gown by Ashi Studio. Fusing fine textures like feather and tulle, Aishwarya complements her look with dramatic, kohl-rimmed eyes and hair pulled back in a bun.  Denim diariesOnly Aishwarya can make denim look so dazzling! The actor makes us believe that if you layer your outfit right you are bound to make a statement. From denim-on-denim to bold printed blazers and pretty play of accessories, there’s nowhere you can’t don denims, Aishwarya confirms. All this with her signature bright red pout.  Free the frillThe fashionista finally made her Cannes 2019 appearance, and we are in awe! In her first look at the festival, Sonam Kapoor Ahuja steps in like a day dream dressed in a vivid Valentino gown, which features all things frill and fancy. The actor teamed this look with a dainty loose braid, amped with the addition of fresh flowers.  Paint me purpleThis has to be one of the best looks of the season! Sonam’s Elie Saab gown is the exemplary blend of smooth texture and the perfect fall of the fabric, made magical with a lustrous purple hue. What’s more? The trend of exaggerated bow keeps going strong.  Roar of royaltyWhile last week at Cannes has established that gold is the new black, this lavish ensemble by Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla solidifies the trend, and how! Sonam channels her inner maharani in this couture gown exuding some whimsical sari vibes. The actor is at the top of her traditional game with a striking choker that completes the look.  Sheer cheerRussian beauty Natalia Vodianova make heads turn in Versace. Her well-fitted sheer gown fuses soft with shine with a gorgeous spin of texture.																		Keeping up with the Cannes Film Festival 2019? Here’s what made news on Day 6:    A starry affairAishwarya Rai Bachchan sprinkles stardust in her golden mermaid gown by Jean-Louis Sabaji couture. She complements the look with a super sleek side part and subtle shades in makeup.  Fire on firePriyanka Chopra Jonas turns up the heat in an shimmery orange gown, bringing open back style back in the game.  A chain meshChopra keeps the metallic fervour going strong in a chic, wrap-around gown. She whips just the right amount of drama with a halter back style, paired perfectly with a plunging neckline and a high-low hemline.  Beauty boundAdèle Haenel gives the chain-me trend a stronger endorsement with a bold, gold statement neckpiece.  Bird of paradiseDiana Penty shines bright in a feathery yellow ensemble by Atelier Zuhra.  Vintage vibesPenty picks a dazzling beige ballroom gown and completes the look with a neat hairdo, flaunting retro waves.  A frill flingHuma Qureshi takes the dramatic, ruffle route in a metallic grey Gaurav Gupta gown. She uses play of accessory for a pop of colour.  Print perfectQureshi approves of the knotted neckline trend in Ralph Lauren. With basic bold prints, soft pink-hued makeup, and glossy wild waves—the actor has blended the look with utter perfection!					 The Princess Diaries  Priyanka Chopra Jonas looked like a dream in an elegant princess white tulle gown. Larger than lifeDiana Penty’s big bow stole all the attention. Flaunt themKangana Ranaut knows how to rock an off-shoulder blouse.  Keep it lightHuma Qureshi looks whimsical in a white column gown with feather detailing at the hems.  Sparkle up Hina Khan shimmers in a metallic off-shoulder, thigh-high slit gown.     Tulle queenDeepika Padukone was spotted wearing a high-low tiered tulle gown.  Pleat itPriyanka Chopra Jonas in a pleated jumpsuit.  One loveKangana Ranaut approves one-shoulder style. Comfort firstDiana Penty teams balloon sleeves top with a slit skirt.  Bling it onHuma Qureshi shimmers in a blazer-dress.  													Our favourite B-town divas are making heads turn at the Cannes Film Festival 2019! Here’s presenting some of the most-awaited looks of the season, coming to you straight from the Day 3 of the event.   Madame metalllicaPriyanka Chopra Jonas looks ravishing in a Roberto Cavalli ensemble. With Chopra’s stunning look, the trend of polished waves keep going strong at the red carpet. Beguiling basicsDeepika Padukone looks like a vision in a custom Dundas gown and brings back the classic black-n-white on the center-stage. And, didn’t we say the bow trend is going to be a ‘big’ rage this season!  Go gold!Kangana Ranaut stays true to her roots, flaunting a custom Falguni Shane Peacock corset with a Kanjeevaram sari by Madhurya. Kangana gives the traditional attire a striking twist by pairing it with gloves for a touch of romance.  Beauty with a causeBryce Dallas Howard makes sustainable fashion the latest fad by opting for a previously owned outfit.  Power suitsShailene Woodley wows in her boss lady look wearing Christian Dior haute couture.  Drops of dewBella Hadid aces the dewy makeup look, and we are in awe!  Lavender loveHina Khan continues to charm on Day 3 in Maison Armine Ohanyan. Do we see geometric textures making their way in our wardrobe?  Gleaming GoddessLadies, ‘tis time to sparkle! Julianne Moore stuns yet again in Givenchy, balancing it perfectly with a pastel cape. Eva Longoria dazzles in a Cristina Ottaviano statement piece.					Southern France gets lit as stars from all over the world flood the city to attend the 72nd Cannes Film Festival. We have hand-picked some of the most talked-about trends that won hearts on the second day of the event.  The classic red-n-goldAlessandra Ambrosio storms in a dramatic red gown, solidifying our love for thigh-high slits and knotted necklines.  Mermaid magicHina Khan’s Cannes debut is all things sparkle in a stunning silver gown by Ziad Nakad. Her look features the current rage of plunging neckline and peppy play of silver.  Flower powerElle Fanning takes a fresh spin on florals in a floaty dress, made more magical with a milkmaid braid.  Leather loveJulianne Moore comes dressed in a statement Louis Vuitton gown, throwing in just the right amount of leather luxe.  Pretty pastelsFrédérique Bel brings carefree pastel hues to the red carpet, and we’re in awe.  Team textureChris Lee make heads turn in Balmain suit with a strong take on texture.  Shine on shimmerAmber Heard oozes oodles of glam and glimmer, flaunting makeup by L’Oréal Paris. Formal-alleyMonia Chokri make basics look beguiling. Chic sleekSelena Gomez steal hearts in a gorgeous navy blue ensemble, donning a daring deep middle part.					  It’s that time of the year when May gives us a boost of all things glam and glitzy. The 72nd annual Cannes Film Festival got off with a spectacular start on the May 14, and is here for an exciting run till the 25th of this month. To help you keep up with everything that is trending at the red carpet, here’s whipping you a quick look book:  Haute high-slitEva Longoria Baston in Alberta Ferretti blush gown   Chic sheerJulianne Moore dressed in Dior  All-white aesthetics Alessandra Ambrosio flaunting Ralph & Russo Fearless fuchsia Izabel Goulart in a custom Etro gown  Sassy sleek updos Chloë Sevigny and Selena Gomez in Louis Vuitton Polished waves Romee Strijd wearing a lace gown by Etro  Stay tuned for more!																		Hustle is our daily dose of adrenaline, life is happening on the go, and comfort isn’t about leisuring in bed but launching towards new endeavours—we’re the millennials! To cater to the needs of our fast paced lives, here’s listing five new launches of 2019 that will help keep your athleisure game going as strong as stylish. Spykar GymJnsToday, there’s little time for anything, leave changing outfits thrice a day. This is why your favourite denim pants get a sassy makeover with GymJns. Spykar’s newest launch is everything you have been wishing for, think—great fit, comfy fabric, sporty style, and crazy stretchability. GymJns offer a four-way dynamic stretch in comparison to the two-way stretch of their regular variants, which make the switch from fun to fitness and leisure an effortless affair. In addition, it comes with the ease of quick drying for a completely hassle-free experience. All this with a cool and carefree semblance apt for fitness ethusiasts! Reebok PureMove BraAs they say, a good workout begins with the right wardrobe selection. To keep you fit and fabulous, Reebok is here to help you get the best out of your exercise session with PureMove Bra. Reebok’s sports bra offers a seamless fit with breathable perforations that feels like a second skin, so that you can move freely without any distraction. What’s more, you can make a statement with its unique colour collection—cold grey and bold teal.  Santoni SneakersWhoever said one needs to give up comfort for a striking style, didn’t hear about these Italian beauties. Santoni Sneakers team excellence of its ergonomic craft with utter elegance. Santoni’s handcrafted shoes are one of its kind, which adds to a sophisticated look. It’s ideal for professionals who are looking to incorporate athleisure in their work wear wardrobe.  Reebok x Gigi Hadid Clothing CollectionAnother exciting launch from the house of Reebok brings fashion and fitness together, and how! Bold, sporty, and uber-stylish, Reebok x Gigi Hadid clothing collection is an authentic representation of the model’s love for all things athletic. Chunky sneakers, uber-stylish track jackets, retro body suits…there’s a whole range waiting for you! Featuring vivid stripes, color-blocked patterns, and 90s-inspired designs, Gigi made sure to have her love of volleyball come through in each element of the collection.  Skechers D'LitesGoing gaga over the chunky sneaker trend? Skechers D'Lites collection is your playfield; go pick a pair that suits you the best! Skechers’ all-new range of sneakers showcases a wide range of dad-shoes that reiterates the 90s love for kicks, being offered in an interesting palette of bold, vivid colours.																		Are you letting conventions carve your style? This season, get more creative with your outfits! Instead of steering straight to the women’s section, why not explore the crazy potential of menswear to get more out of our wardrobe. Stepping away from trends won’t just feel like a breath of fresh air but will also make you stand out stylishly within your clan. Here’s how: Baggy jacketsWe’ve said it enough time that capes are taking over the season. From casual western to ethnic and formal wear, they can be seen everywhere. Pick an easy-fitting men’s jacket to take your breezy summer look a few notches higher. Basic teesLoose clothes are the way of the season. Swap your fitted T-shirt for a men’s tee that hangs loose and helps you beat the heat in style. You’ll be surprised with the range of cool graphics that the collection offers. Tuck the tee in to give your outfit a sultry definition.  													Blazers If you are building your boss lady wardrobe, opt for a blazer to complete your formal look. Picking ‘em from the men’s section offer a host of styling hacks. These blazers come with a longer length than their feminine counterparts, which pairs well with short dresses and pencil skirts. They fall comfortably and give even the most basic of outfits a sharp semblance. Wear it unbuttoned and with rolled up sleeves to feign the fit. Button down shirtsFound your preferred print in the men’s section? Take your pick without giving it a second thought. Give your men’s shirt a dainty finish by donning it with a haute high-waist skirt, throwing it over a slim-fitted tee, or better still, go for a tucked-in look with tight pants. Cool capsIf you feel hats and scarves are taming your wild spirit, set it free with caps.  													Power dressing is ruling office corridors as pants, blazers, and tailored suits take centre stage for working women. Six well-known designers show the explorable options:Nikhil ThampiCutting edge“I strongly recommend a blazer as it offers the perfect combination of formal and semi-formal for office-going women. A high-waist pencil skirt is a versatile option, and can be teamed with a variety of tops. You can also don well-fitted trousers, palazzos, and cigarette pants with different blouses for a smart look. Lastly, you can never go wrong with a crisp white or an oversized shirt.”Shruti SanchetiReality bites “With rapid globalisation and increased urbanisation, the average Indian woman is a working one and rubs shoulders with men. Wear outfits keeping cultural ethos, weather conditions, and your body type in mind. Easy-breezy silhouettes that are practical can be worn to work. Linen, chambray, rayon, and cotton are easy to maintain, so I suggest these fabrics. You can opt for neutral colour palettes and smart details, that will give a formal yet stylish spin to your ensemble.”Genes by Lecoanet HemantFuss free“Working women have always been muses for us. To ensure that empowerment shines through, combine clean lines and functionality with impactful details. We believe, mixing of textures and contrasting hues creates a powerful wardrobe. A sleek skirt or trousers in either beige or black are wardrobe essentials. Further, use belts and wallets to bring the look together for a perfect office ensemble.”Saaksha and KinniPrint party“Swap the classic white shirt and black trousers with a printed co-ordinate set. Instead of wearing a monotone pencil skirt, opt for an organza printed bottom, and pair it with a contrasting patterned blouse. You can also replace a plain black pantsuit with a bright-hued top and chequered trousers.Wearing bright prints will not only bring creativity to your work space, but also make the monotony of getting ready fun.” 													Overdoing trends can become ubiquitous and get boring. Only if you knew what a slight change in pattern or an addition of a bold accessory could do to your style, you would never have a dull day again. Here’s bringing you 5 creative ways to spice up your wardrobe this season: Sassy suits It’s no news that pant suits are a big rage in 2019. However, keeping in line with the formal effect, it’s being sported in basic colours and patterns. Make your executive look meet the shimmer trend, go glam with prints and patterns, or swap you pants with a long skirt. Tip: If you're going for shimmer, pick a stripe-patterned suit to strike the right balance.  Big beltsThis is an accessory that has the potential of amping any outfit almost intentionally. Give your dainty collection of slim belts a rest and go for a big, bold variant for striking definition. These belts will also give your outfit a well-fitted semblance.Tip: Stick to colours that can blend well with several outfits. For starters, think black, brown and beige.  Ruffle Formal wear is not the first thought that comes to the mind when we say ruffle. But that need not be the case. Swap that prim pencil skirt for a sassy ruffle skirt or go for haute ruffle sleeves, and give your office wardrobe a flirty twist.Tip: Opt for an office-apt, knee-length skirt and let the ruffle do the talking. You will be the new talk of town.  Plunging neckline B-town divas are going gaga over this trend, and why not! This fashionable tweak can amp an elegant look with a flirty twist. However, their red carpet appearances have made us believe that it’s limited only to the ballroom. It’s time to break out of this myth and sport a plunging neckline in a basic top for a brunch date, or a summer dress for a stroll in the beach. Go wild and pair a black statement piece with a white suit-pant, if you will!Tip: Don this neckline in a no-pattern basic colour to bring the best out of it.  Bow Why should boys have all the fun? Let’s release this fashion favourite from its gender-specific role and make it a part of our work wardrobe.Tip: Play with different delicate designs to add more personality to your outfit. Feminine is in!Go on, give it a go!					Winter is finally over, and we’re happy about the sunny days to be here again. You’ll be shedding those heavy jackets and coats and finally be able to show off the latest trends in fashion as you step out. Here’s looking at the trends this season that will have you turn heads. While the previous year was all sorts of the frivolous extravaganza, this year is more about practical functionality with a generous dollop of extra. Animal printsAnimal prints started making the rounds of runways sometime early last year and in filtered into our closets in full force by the end of the year. The predatory prints from the ’80s had made a massive comeback but with the much-needed makeover! The well-known prints are so much chic and oh so covetable now. What was once considered a bold statement for the wild-hearted is now being sported at ease by the shy too. Cheetah, leopard, snake, zebra, you name it and the print is available at your go-to an e-commerce site. Styling an animal print is a little tricky as you do not want to look like you belong to the circus! Steer clear of heavy fabrics like wools and velvets and opt for smooth and silky outfits such as silks and cotton. Start with a skinny leopard printed bodysuit and boyfriend jeans with boots and work your way up to a snakeskin evening gown with strappy black heels and minimalistic jewellery and you’re all set.  Utility dressingRemember days you were looked down upon for leaving your house in oversized sweats and cargo pants? Well, it turns out that you can proudly flaunt your baggy cargo pants and sneaks this year, all thanks to the utility dressing rage! Welcome to 2019 where function meets fashion in the form of unpolished practicality. It is nothing but practical, laid back and super comfortable clothing. 2019 has functionality written all over it. Imagine practical oversized clothing in muted tones. Combat trousers, chic overalls, trench coats, baggy sweats, sneakers are taking the fashion world with a storm and we aren’t complaining one bit. The key to nailing the perfect utility look is to style the pieces. If you haven’t experimented yet, start with styling functional clothing with tailored pieces. Start with layering an army jacket over a solid black jumpsuit or playsuit with black boots and move ahead. Also, you can jazz up your khaki trench coat with a red lip and a silk scarf for the perfect date look or can sport those ‘ugly’ trainers with a sleep skirt suit at work and be practical, comfortable and oh so chic at the same time. Win-win!  Cycling shortsCycling shorts are nothing new; in fact, Princess Diana regularly sported them with crew necks long ago. Fast forward to 2019, and they are easily the biggest trend of the year. They were unmissable on the runaways and have been marking territory in online and offline stores in abundance. And not, not just in the regular black spandex garment we’ve grown up with but jazzed up in pretty colours and prints and embroidery. It goes without saying that the humble piece of sportswear has graduated the fashion ladder by heaps and how. The garment that was once worn for physical activities is now being sported under blazers to the boardroom. And oh, it is Kim Kardashian approved too! Women all across the globe have taken a fancy for these bodycon shorts and are pairing it off with anything and everything. From boardrooms to date nights to soirees, these shorts are hard to miss. You too could dip your toes in the water by the pairing of a solid coloured one with a loose oversized tee for your regular coffee runs and upgrade by sporting metallic ones underneath blingy long blazers. It isn’t clear on if the trend is here to stay or not, but that doesn’t stop it from being everywhere at the moment! Oversized2019 revolves around the word oversized! From oversized unstructured jackets and t-shirts to oversized huge sunnies and hats, there’s no stopping really! (Yep, that means we would have to put away our skinny sunglasses from last season!) While last season was more sleek and minimal in terms of accessories, this season is all about exaggeration in terms of hats, belts, bags, etc. The tote bag has gotten a makeover and has blown out really big! Loud hair bands- studded, leather, satin etc too seem to have maximized. Sunglasses are big and bold with added adornments. Chunky jewellery in a more natural form rather than being polished would be a hit this year. Belts too are broad and oversized. 80’s fashionThe thumb rule of fashion is that each trend resurfaces after a few years. There are some that we can’t stand and some we welcome with open arms, like the 80’s fashion. The retro fashion has gotten a redo and we can’t wait to see it on the streets. Imagine belted high waist denim and power suits in neon (remember Priyanka Chopra?) and fringed mullets and big hair. Puffy sleeves, ruffles and shoulder pads are more fashionable than you thought. Although the style is more refined and structured than what it was before. Shoulder pads blazers mean business and are definitely not going anywhere for a long time. Ruffles trims tops and dress continue selling like hot cakes. Statement sleeves too are in the running. Expect to see a lot more of the 80’s fashion this year! Text by Ravina SachdevImages by Yogen Shah Some of the colour trends of the year, ruling the ramps and streets alike, are fiesta (red-orange), jester red, turmeric, living coral, pink peacock, pepper stem (yellow-green) and Aspen gold. While hues like Aspen gold and pink peacock became celebs’ favourite in no time, others too are making their way in style. We have a list of celebrities that have flaunted these raging colours in recent times with utmost flair. Have a look: FiestaAlia BhattMalaika Arora Jester RedSonakshi SinhaKalki TurmericKajal AggarwalShilpa Shetty Kundra Living CoralKiara AdvaniKarishma Tanna Pink PeacockFatima Sana ShaikhDiana Penty Pepper StemAthiya ShettySonam Kapoor Ahuja Aspen GoldMadhuri Dixit-NeneRicha Chadha   From age-old terminologies associated with them like mechanism to ‘cinch your waist’ or to give an ‘optical illusion’ to make your body look hourglass shaped, belts have evolved for good. Today, this add-on is not only used to hold your pants up but has also become a statement piece in an outfit. From Sonam Kapoor Ahuja’s ‘barely there’ to Deepika Padukone’s side-knotted belt, we’re talking of an accessory existing in multiple forms. Being aware of its quality to make an ensemble look uber stylish at once, our Bollywood divas are using and reusing them with different sets of separates and outfits. To know how our desi girls have adorned themselves with it, scroll down: Sonam Kapoor AhujaDeepika Padukone Alia Bhatt Fatima Sana Shaikh Katrina KaifPriyanka Chopra JonasShilpa Shetty KundraKalkiVidya BalanKriti Sanon Are you someone who likes to keep up with fashion trends? If yes, then this style will keep you company for a long time to come. We’re talking about animal prints (tiger, zebra, cow, leopard, snake). If you are a maximalist, go for a head-to-toe animal print look. If not, then add a dash of the pattern in the form of an accessory like a scarf, a pair of shoes, trendy sunglasses or a handbag. Being in a country that lives and breathes Bollywood, let’s dive in and have a look at some of our desi girls (and, boy) who have donned the print and carried it well: Priyanka Chopra JonasPeeCee’s snake printed shoes are offsetting the otherwise sophisticated look.  Sonam Kapoor AhujaTeaming a suit with a zebra printed blouse to maintain the balance between ‘work and play’ is the smartest combination you’ll find.  Ranveer SinghWhen our Gully Boy decides to go minimal (Yes, you read right) wearing only one garment with prints.  Kalki If Kalki’s look wasn’t cool enough, the head scarf just added the extra oomph.  Malaika AroraChic all the way! Karishma TannaGo wild like Karishma.  													Gone are the days when eyeglasses were considered unfashionable and boring. Today, there’s no smarter accessory to add to your look. They give a polished appearance that’s both sexy and strong. In fact, the trend is winning so many hearts that not only are they being donned with prescription lenses but also as no-power lenses, purely to make a fashion statement. All for the artsy effect! As we know, 2019 is about going bold and individualistic in your fashion choices. So, go for a fat frame, pick a sleek one in an oversized variant, or take the classic way. Catch on this spectacle rage with these celeb-inspired looks:OVERSIZED glasses clearly lead the list It’s never too modern for the RETRO-ROUND frames Ooomph up with an AVIATOR Sassy and sleek SEMI-RIMLESS framesBack to the BASICS 													Minimalist and sassy, the most appealing jewellery trend of the year spells all things quaint. While statement necklaces and chunky earrings are very much in play, they are limited to adorning occasional events. For an everyday appearance, more and more people are looking for accessories that are glamorous but subtle, and enhances the outfit instead of overpowering it. There’s more to it... The season is witnessing a thrust of natural and wild energy, and animal motifs are being donned everywhere from drop earrings to dainty rings. “Animal motifs like butterfly, peacock, fish etc. have always been an evergreen trend. They depict the beauty of nature and the vibrant shades of one’s personality. The beautiful colours of a butterfly, for instance, depicts particularly well in drop earrings and pendants. If you are buying fashion jewellery, match it right with your outfit to get an effortless quirky look with animal motifs.” Tells Pradnya Mhaske, the Head of Jewellery Design and Merchandising at CaratLane. Check out how the popular jewellery brands are living up to this trend: CaratLane CandereShazeKalki Fashion Malabar Gold and Diamonds  													You might have had a love-hate relationship with chokers, but they became fashionable 500 years ago and are still raging among fashion enthusiasts in their evolved forms. After gaining prominence in 1990, the tattoo choker returned to claim its spot again in 2015. Whereas, today, the velvet, lacy, beaded, chained, and pearled neckpieces are going strong and are constantly metamorphosing in terms of size and material. Not to be left behind, Bollywood actors are walking hand in hand with jewellery trends where ethnic chokers top the list. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja was spotted in a dainty choker adorned with pearls, Kareena Kapoor Khan went for a jadau neckpiece. To know how other B-town divas styled the ‘It’ trend of the season with different outfits, scroll down: Sonam Kapoor AhujaIn Amrapali. Kareena Kapoor KhanIn Anjali Bhimrajka. Deepika PadukoneIn Sabyasachi.  Alia BhattIn Sabyasachi.  Malaika Arora In Satyani Fine Jewels.  Pooja HegdeIn Anita Dongre. Shilpa Shetty KundraIn Rare Heritage.  Katrina KaifIn Tanishq.  Karisma KapoorIn Birdhichand Ghanshyamdas.  Kiara AdvaniIn Joolry.  Bipasha Basu Singh GroverIn Falguni Mehta.					 It’s time for all of us to make a resolution to not fall prey to body figure stereotyping and make it all about self-love. Not trying to hide behind frumpy clothes that do you no justice is one way to do that. Finding out and understanding your body type is something to be thankful for, however making it a stereotype is not. So all the apple body-shaped woman, pear body-shaped and also the full-sized hourglass body-shaped ladies, stop being used to the embarrassing yourself, rather start embracing yourself! With numerous brands breaking the beauty taboo with real-body campaigns and policies we celebrate every woman with perfection. If you are curvy, it is important to dress according to your size. Say goodbye to every oversized clothes and slide into the outfits with the right fit that will hide your problem areas and highlight the right angles of your frame. Styling from top to bottom can bring a vast change in your look. Have a look at some great style tips for real girls who felt too voluptuous to wear certain items, and we're here to blow those myths right out of the water. LINES AND SHAPES You need your first impression to be fab-worthy, and it is all about your lines and shapes that draw the eye. One great trick is to wear monochrome ensembles. This makes the viewer’s eye move up to down, or vice versa, forming one uninterrupted line, which makes you look tall and slim. If you’re looking to enhance those curves, then opt for a bodycon dress in the right fabric like jersey. You can also wear ensembles that have lines narrowing at the waist and spreading away at the bust and the hips. The lines can be in the form of a print, stitches, pleats, etc. A dress with a plunging V-neck and a cinched waist which then flairs out below, also gives the illusion of an hourglass figure.  THE RULE OF THE HEM Knowing where hems or borders should be on your body can help you lengthen the frame. A knee-length skirt, for example, should sit just right under the knee, never around the biggest part of the calf.  The hem of the jeans should be at the ankle, or (even better) an inch or two below. If you are not of average height, buy your clothes, specifically the bottoms from a retailer that gives you perfect length options. Well, hems can be tricky sometimes but the best thing is to not to have a clue about it and find a tailor with a good eye, trust them and learn as you go.  SAY 'NO' TO OVERSIZED CLOTHES Just beanpoles look great in larger than the average dress size! Don’t add volume to your body by wearing oversized dresses. Instead, pick the clothes that are body-skimming (not too tight) and show your curvy side. Say no to a giant t-shirt, but a maxi or kaftans that skim the curves and have some belt at the waist is cool. If you want an easy profile, or if you got your favourite graphic on a tee or tunic then pair it with tighter trousers or jeans and make it to your advantage. MIND THE SHOES It’s always a head-to-toe thing and what you put on your feet that matters. Pointy tips and low heels can make you look slim, whether you are pairing it with a skirt or a pair of pants. Try to find a shoe with a vamp the ends at the top of your toes, other than halfway around. Shoe styles with low vamps include ballet flats and pumps. High-vamp shoes include Mary Janes and loafers. WHAT NOW, ACCESSORIES? Long chains, not chokers are good to go, especially if you got classic apple shape and short neck. Your focus should be on creating long, unbroken lines along your body. No mood of jewellery? Grab a long scarf helps for the same effect. Layering your jewellery is another way of drawing the eye vertically. From choker to long chains, layer with a couple of them together. Even when wearing bangles and bracelets, stack them up.  VOTE FOR LAYERS Contrary to stereotypes, layering doesn’t necessarily add volume. Instead, it sometimes gives your body a definition. Wearing a tank top with a pretty cardigan instead of one-piece dress or T-shirt can help to underline your shape.  Ensure though that you don’t layer with bulky garments.  EMBRACE YOUR HIGH WAIST High-waisted pants are your companion. They help tuck in folds and fat and minimize muffin tops since they end at the slimmest part of the waist. Ensure they're long, finishing at the lower leg or underneath, following the rule of the hemline.  Dress to make yourself feel good, and you will make heads turn!  Text: Akruti Khandkar 													Step into summers with a fresh hair style to set the tone of the season right. Amp it up with a fresh colour hue, cut it short for a sassy touch-up, beat the heat with ponies and buns, or better still…feel the wind in your hair in style with an exaggerated side parting. Here’s how to take on the sunny spirit, this year:Cool colourWavy bobNaughty knotDeep side partOn-point pony 													One of the top fashion cities of the world, Paris, witnessed its annual fashion week (February 25 to March 5, 2019) recently. Manish Arora, Stella McCartney, Givenchy, among several other designers, showcased their latest collections with undeniable excellence. Some of the trends spotted at the fashion week of the French capital are listed below. Have a look and rework your wardrobe: BeltsDiorRahul MishraFrom Dior to Rahul Mishra, cinched waists remained a designer favourite. Broad shouldersMaison MargielaGivenchyJumping on the bandwagon of maximalist lovers are Maison Margiela and Givenchy. NeonManish AroraSaint Laurent One of the hottest trends of the '80s, neon is back for good. Studded outfitsBalmainFor that extra edge, don a studded outfit.  Flower powerStella McCartneyFeminine and stylish always include floral print.  See-throughValentinoOpt for a sheer dress for a bold and daring look.  Exaggerated silhouettesAlexander McQueenChoose exaggerated silhouettes to look larger than life. 													There’s only one occasion that’s more special than the ‘bride pride,’ and that’s the playful cadence of a bridesmaid. Why’s that, you ask? It is because you get the perks of that dressy, dreamy milieu without the collywobbles of a bridezilla. If you are priming up for your besties wedding, here’s what on the trends platter to help you customize your bridesmaid look for the season. DressWhile lehengas hold their place strongly in the wedding wardrobe, indo-western outfits are gaining crazy admiration in 2019. If you’re sticking with the former, you can give it a contemporary twist with an atypical colour like electric blue or switch up your outfit with a blazing print. Take a cue from these on-trend attires. Bright bold prints Stunning sharara dressesFantastic fusion  Hair From the ramp of Lakmé Fashion Week to the red carpet of Nykaa.com Femina Beauty Awards, 2019 is experiencing a fashion fever of all things wavy. Soft polished waves, mesmerizing messy tresses, and everything in between is winning over divas and here’s how you can don this hairdo too. Sexy side swept Soft textured wavesDressy messy ponies  Makeup This year, the makeup palette sees a move from the traditional red look to softer tones of the pink and brown family. Dramatic, kohled eyes nonetheless slip strongly into popular 2019-trends too. Soft pinkBrown and beigeThe classic wing  													Bollywood brides have been tweaking the traditional trousseau to add a personalised touch to their D-day look. Deepika Padukone brought the white-gown-veil to our red Indian wedding, Anushka Sharma introduced the pastel power, and Priyanka Chopra Jonas had a fresh take on the classic ruby rage. Taking a cue from these celebs, here’s a compilation of how modern brides will be quirking up their wedding wardrobe this year. The experimental bride  The contemporary traditional bride The pastel perfect bride The fun fusion bride  The colour queer bride   													Everything is grand and maximalist when it comes to Milan. This season too, we witnessed a range of trends and styling tips from one of the most celebrated fashion extravaganzas of today. Glam giants like Versace, Gucci and Armani gave a visual presentation of what ‘expression through fashion’ is all about. They are testimony to the fact that styling is an art and one of the most fundamental ways to present yourself to the world. Below are few glimpses of the fashion week to upgrade your MO: GucciAfter all-black everything, it’s head-to-toe red that will be talked about.  VersaceHave a quilted leather jacket in your wardrobe? Take it out and layer it with a turtleneck top to turn heads. Or, sparkle in a column dress adorned with chunky jewellery.  ArmaniDon velvet, taffeta and silk separates together next time for a striking look. Also, navy and black are cool to be teamed in conjunction.  EtroBring the vintage style back with a jacquard jacket or a bustier mini dress.  AtticoPink and red is the perfect mash-up for a ritzy look. Offset the clash with a third hue.  Tod’sBermuda shorts are back in the trend. Flaunt them everywhere you go.  Stella JeanChequered wrap trench coat is a synonym for high fashion today. Team it with a neutral turtleneck underneath to appear ramp-ready. Also, animal print is everywhere, unveil your wild side with it. United Colors of BenettonTake cues from UCB on how to rock the rainbow trend.					PastelsA perfect choice for an OOTD, these sweet-looking hues can be paired with almost anything in your wardrobe. With flirty silhouettes and romantic textures, you can mix and match your pastels with neutrals or with other pastels. FloralsUnleash your inner girl by wearing these pretty floral dresses. This trend gives a huge shoutout to the '80s era with the bold styles, shades and silhouettes. NeonNeon clothes aren’t just for the runway, they are immensely wearable even in your daily wardrobe! See below some of our favorite picks that are guaranteed to make your outfit stand out. Natural tonesEarthy tones, in contrast to vibrant neons, give off a more grounded vibe. If your style falls under the classic spectrum, then this trend is for you																		Other than giving an outfit a flirtatious spin, sheer is loved by celebrities and fashion enthusiasts for its feminine appeal. It not only adds grace to an ensemble, but is also an extremely light and comfortable fabric. Here is a list of some Bollywood divas who have embraced the sheer trend in saris, gowns, ethnic separates, and dresses. Check them out:Sonam Kapoor AhujaPriyanka Chopra JonasShilpa Shetty KundraKriti SanonKajolKangana RanautAthiya Shetty 													Find out the hottest hair trends of 2019 that stole the show at the red carpet at the Nykaa.com Femina Beauty Awards 2019. Ponnies were a big hit, while straight tresses took the ultra-sleek route. Also, curls got a messy finish and the glossy-wet look re-entered the fashion game with a bang. The hairstyles spotted were an envious mix of elegant and flirty. So take cues and ace that perfect hairdo that’s sure to make heads turn!Deepika PadukoneSara Ali KhanTwinkle KhannaTaapsee PannuTabuRaveena TandonAdah SharmaZareen KhanDaisy ShahGayatri Bhardwaj  Anukreethy VasMrunal Thakur Lopamudra RautRadhika MadanShama SikanderAsha NegiPhotographs: Vinay Javkar																		Maangtika is a must-have that has long been a bridal essential. This statement piece has a bold semblance that takes any ethnic look several notches higher. In 2019, this traditional treasure is no more limited to bridal wear alone. The current wave of fashion is seeing the love of maangtika extend beyond lavish Indian weddings, exploring its potential to the fullest. Here is how our favourite celebs are donning this elegant piece of jewellery on every occasion. Mark of minimalism Keeping it contemporary The classic crescent Way of weddings  													If there’s one makeup essential that can instantly amp up your look, it is a powerful pop of colour for your pout. Lip colours set the tone of your appearance and make even the most basic outfits stand out. What’s more? It is the easiest and quickest way to up your style game by turning a subtle office semblance into a bright brunch look with a pink shade, or an evening look for the drinks with a red pop. This year, the trendy lip palette largely accommodates diverse shades of pink. Spanning striking colours from pastels to fuchsia, it is being sported in both matte and glossy textures. The classic red shade holds its place strong in the 2019-collection too while the quirky orange takes a backseat this season. And the nudes… Well, the subtle charm of nude shades is taking over hearts like never before, and with it comes the '90s love for browns back in the box. Here’s why: Marvellous majenta pink  Subtle soft pink  Ravishing redBlazing brown Nymphic nude 													The most treasured attire of our tradition, sensational sarees never go out of fashion. There’s something about the six-yard-wonder that blends effortlessly with both, a casual get together as well as a festive celebration. It graces budding beauties as much as it adores the charm of maturity. Precisely, a saree is eternal and extends to everyone who shares the love for ethnic.Time and again sarees have adopted contemporary ways to make every new wave of trend its own. This year the biggest fashion extravaganza—Lakmé Fashion Week—brought some ramp-fresh ideas for wearing sarees while also revisiting many classic styles. We’ve consolidated a list of these latest saree looks for you! Play with different designs or textures in your blouse and pair it with a plain saree to fabricate a subtle yet striking look. Abhishek Sharma 													Team dark-and-soft shades from the same family to flaunt a colourful palette. Latha 													The long-standing love for thick fabrics in saree is back in the game. Seems like it is time to pull out all the Banarsi and Kanjivaram sarees from the back of your cupboard. Shailesh SinghaniaShailesh Singhania 													Contrasting this classic charm is the light, sheer sarees that exude a rich yet breezy enigma. Latha 													Gold is the new black. Shailesh Singhania 													Pastel colours have been a big hit amongst western outfits lately, and saree is all set to embrace its ethnic side. Latha 													Going the bold way? Resort to prominent prints.Shailesh SinghaniaShailesh Singhania 													Elegant, full and three quarter sleeve is another eye-catching trick to make your outfit stand out. Shailesh Singhania 													Ramp looks are often assigned to ostentatious occasions only, given its glam and glitz…but not anymore. Life is too short to wear an outfit that doesn’t bring the best out of you. Experience the power that exudes when you feel your outfit, that wave of excitement which comes with the assurance of—‘You got this, girl’. Feel your fashion, and ramp your way to success. This millennial mantra comes to life with the easy-breezy, street style featured at LFW SR’19. Incorporate these looks in your daily wardrobe and give your 2019 a fashionable upgrade. Go glowLatha Lacy missy Misfit Panda Sheer dearLatha Aesthetic athleisure Reebok Sale Fury with Bodice Formally phenomenal Boat Presents Kunal Rawal Suit up in stripes Boat Presents Kunal Rawal  Power prints The Woolmark Company by Péro and Bhuttico Flowy fever Reebok Sale Fury with Bodice Keep up with the colours Misfit Panda Classy corporate Abhishek Sharma The most-awaited week in the style industry is here, Lakmé Fashion Week Summer/Resort 2019 began with quite a bang! Apart from looking forward to celebrity showstoppers, we're also dying to see what kinds of trends emerge from this season’s fashion extravaganza. So, without further ado, let’s check some of them out: Live life queen sizeExaggerated sleeves are huge this season and designers Gauri & Nainika believe in its power. Other than giving a glamourous spin to an outfit, big sleeves draw attention to your shoulders and highlight them beautifully.  Colour playThe second show #artmeetsfashion by designers Ajay Kumar, Bobo Calcutta, Helena Bajaj Larsen, and Yavi saw some vibrant designs spelling confidence and quirkiness.  Polka dotsThis raging print of 1930s is back for good. Gauri & Nainika embraced polka dots in their recent line making a stunning feminine appeal.  Modest fashionModest fashion is on rise and INIFD Launchpad left no stone unturned to bring it in the limelight with its self-effacing yet stylish line.  SuitsBreaking the shackles of old stereotypes, suits today are not confined to work wardrobes but have extended its boundaries to parties and other casual spaces. Designer Sneha Arora brings them into focus.																		With the rise of chunky accessories and edgy silhouettes, the love for dainty, frilly ruffles could be hard to come by. But, knowing that this fashion trend would be pervading your world for the next 12 months, perhaps it's time to reconsider. To help you with the same, we have rounded up some of the celebrity looks featuring this much talked- about trend. Check them out: Deepika PadukoneIn Gauri & Nainika and shoes by Balenciaga.  Sonam Kapoor AhujaIn Rejinapyo.  Shilpa Shetty KundraIn Ridhi Mehra and choker by Amaris.  Tamannaah BhatiaIn Rose Room Couture.  Kiara AdvaniIn Arabellaa top teamed with Topshop pair of jeans and shoes by Christian Louboutin. Mouni RoyIn Kara. Anushka SharmaIn Cinq à Sept.					The first major social media trend of 2019 has entered the realm, and grandly! We have been looking up to these celebs to stay à la mode season after season, their wardrobes have evolved and so have ours with them…and here they are, taking us for a trip to nostalgia by sharing then-and-now pictures of their decade-long journey. We can’t help but cheer at how they have raised our style quotient over the years. So, here’s appreciating them for their fashion fads, their awe-inspiring demeanour, and for just being so stylishly them. Sonam Kapoor Ahuja takes the ethnic route, sharing her love for Indian attires that she has held so closely for all these years.  Dia Mirza hasn’t stopped stealing hearts with her graceful glamour.					Bipasha Basu Singh Grover made us believe that confidence is the most important accessory that one needs to complete any outfit, and she continues to live by the rule.  Same pose, same sass, and there we have our sensational Shilpa! If Shetty Kundra is to be believed (do you still doubt after this post!), ‘yoga se hi hoga’.  Maybe it’s yoga, maybe it’s in their genes. Shamita Shetty is the perfect pictorial portrayal of—chin up, princess!  Gorgeous then, gorgeous now! Kim Sharma is here to show how you can keep exploring different styles and ace all of them…with those drooping eyelids, of course.  And whoever said you can’t get your style game right the very first time, clearly didn’t stumble upon Diana Penty’s glam.  Mandira Bedi exudes strength like no one else. One rule: Stand tall.  A great smile goes a long way…yes, over a decade if you have one as warm as Ayesha Takia’s.  The fashion icon of the television world, Anita Hassanandani is proof there’s nothing sexier than a happy glow. Well, flirty florals don’t hurt either!																		While Bhumi Pednekar was spotted in a yellow Ekaya piece, Kiara Advani shone in a printed bustier teamed with skirt by Label: Anushree. Our other ‘IT girls’ of Bollywood are digging big time on this fun and lively colour. Check out what they wore: Bhumi PednekarIn Ekaya. Kiara AdvaniIn Label: Anushree.  Kangana RanautIn Madhurya.  Shilpa Shetty KundraIn Faabiiana.  Tamannaah BhatiaIn Sukriti & Aakriti.  Nargis FakhriIn Label: Anushree.  Rhea ChakrabortyIn Sukriti & Aakriti.																		From Minnie Mouse in 1928 to Dior’s best-selling New Look piece in 1954, polka dot print has taken everyone aback with its feminine and romantic appeal. Its fan base ranges from Hollywood actor Emma Stone to Bollywood beauties Sonam Kapoor Ahuja and Kareena Kapoor Khan. Be it on clothes or accessories, this print ups any look to its epitome. Let’s check out how our B-town divas have styled the trend: Kareena Kapoor KhanIn a Masaba sari.  Sonam Kapoor AhujaIn an Erdem velvet dress.  Sara Ali KhanIn a Pretty Little Thing dress.  Anushka SharmaIn a Sabyasachi suit.  Kangana RanautIn Good Earth India.  PatralekhaaIn House of Neeta Lulla.  Swara BhaskerIn a Mango dress.					 Winters see you bring out those old boots and show them the light of the day. Only issue: You’ve worn them a number of times last season and they just don’t feel that special anymore. How you wish your boots had some colour or a fringe or even a shiny buckle. Sigh! Fret not. With some easy fix tricks, you can upgrade your boots to the latest fashion trends of this season and always stay in style! Buckle up!What you need: Belts, scissors, hot glue.How to make: Cut your belt measured according to the roundness of your boot at the calf. Use hot glue to attach your belt onto your boot. Hold it in place and let it dry. Cut off any unwanted extra belt length and buckle it around your boot. Add extra notches if required. You can repeat the same procedure using more belts with different colours or textures and you have your very own cowgirl boots! Cool cutsWhat you need: Ruler, penknife, chalk.How to make: Draw or trace the design of your choice onto your boot using chalk. Size your grid according to your liking. Use the pen knife to cut out the parts you wish to keep hollow. Once done, wipe off the chalk marks with a damp cloth and you cut out boots are ready. This DIY is easier to work with semi-thick leather that won’t lose shape or tear after cutting. Dazzling tipsWhat you need: Paintbrush, gold/silver pearl shine paint, a thick masking tape, fixative sprayHow to make: Add masking tape a few centimetres away from the tip of the boot. Press firmly. Paint using the gold or silver paint making sure the paint doesn’t go under the tape. Paint smooth and even coats to get a smooth surface. Allow it to dry for a couple of hours and remove the tape. Wipe off any stray dried up paint. Spray on the fixative spray and let it dry for 24 hours. And voila! Lace all dayWhat you need: Lace, pins (if required) and fabric glue.How to make: Cut strips of lace that is long enough to go around your boot. Arrange your pattern and pin it so it holds your desired shape. Using tiny amounts of glue, attach it to your boot. Let it dry completely. You can even add a few beaded chains and feathers for a complete boho look. Retro kicksWhat you need: Masking tape, matte finish paint, brush, scissors.How to make: Cut pieces of the masking tape and stick them onto your boot in any desired shape. You can make a star shape or go abstract and stick the tape onto your boot in any way you like. Once this is done, paint over the design you've created using any matte finish paint of your choice. Let it dry and peel the tape off slowly to reveal your design. Continue making more designs or simply stick the tape in equidistant parallel lines to create stripes for a sporty look.Text: Yvonne Jacob 													The glamour industry revolves around fashion cycles and trends that dominated once, have returned to claim their spot again. We found some unique styles at the recently concluded spring/summer fashion week that have all it takes to make it big this year. Check them out: Tight/micro pleats From Givenchy to Balmain, this style is in the good books of everyone.  Boyish shortsAfter cycling shorts making the rounds among fashion enthusiasts last year (thanks to Kim Kardashian West), we’re happy to bid it adieu and welcome these comfortable shorts into our wardrobes in 2019. Tie-dyeLike it or not, SS19 ramps were swamped with this '60s print. Apparently, designers from Prabal Gurung to Stella McCartney are its recent ‘dye’ hard fans. What about you? Fancy flatsFlats are the new heels, they say. And fashion emperors concur. Only, along with being comfortable, flats will be fancier and more detailed in 2019.  FringesFringes have been with us since time immemorial. Difference is you’ll get to see them more this year in apparel as well as accessories.  NeonThis trend has always had a love-hate relationship with us. Whatever may be the case, designers are not done with neon yet and it will be making a bright appearance everywhere this year. Exaggerated sleevesHave thin shoulders? No worries, exaggerated sleeves got you covered (literally). Image credits – Imaxtree.com																		“Don't be into trends. Don't make fashion own you, but you decide what you are, what you want to express by the way you dress and the way to live,” said fashion emperor Gianni Versace. And, we do concur with him. However, knowing what our favourite celebrities and designers indulged in 2018 will not hurt anyone, will it? Fashion this year was surprising and challenging, in India and abroad. It took us back into ‘90s with the resurgence of styles like gold hoop earrings and fanny packs. And, swamped us by its revolutionary and modern approach through sustainable and androgynous fashion. We witnessed fashion giants such as Chanel jump on the bandwagon with Stella McCartney and Vivienne Westwood to go fur-free. While many others partook in a conscious decision to opt for faux leather over real. So, without further ado, let’s check out some of the trends that made waves in 2018 and will hopefully continue to do so in the coming years: Gold hoop earringsFrom International models to global icons such as Priyanka Chopra Jonas, gold hoop earrings looped in, one and all.  BeltsBe it saris or dresses, cinched waists were accepted by everyone, including Kangana Ranaut and Karisma Kapoor.  Chunky sneakers With a liking for everything bold and beautiful, chunky sneakers made a major comeback this year and Alia Bhatt embraced it in a big way (literally!).  Sustainable fashionSustainable brands and designers like Doodlage, Pero and Bloni, to name a few, remained the talk of the year.  Gender neutral fashionAndrogynous fashion too made rounds and gained immense popularity in the midst of decriminalisation of section 377. Here, actor Prateik Babbar, along with makeup artiste and stylist Jason Arland, are walking for the label Chola at Lakmé Fashion Week (LFW) W/F ’18.  Animal printAnimal print roared among fashion enthusiasts (global icon Priyanka Chopra Jonas) and designers alike, with its incomparable appeal.  Exaggerated sleevesFrom knee-length to floor-touching sleeves, 2018 saw it all. Here, the model is walking for designer Mohammed Mazhar at LFW.  Deconstructed shirtsDeconstructed shirts and saris raged this year in all its glory. Sonam Kapoor Ahuja approves of the trend.  MetallicShimmery and sequinned pieces made a shining appearance on ramps (Amit Aggarwal at LFW) as well as at red carpets in 2018.  SuitsWomen suits spelt power and dominated wardrobes, with  Kangana Ranaut and Sonam Kapoor Ahuja giving it a big thumbs up.																		Be it winters, monsoons or summers, this global icon never fails to surprise us with her trendsetting sartorial picks. From sporting a deconstructed suit to elevating basics by teaming them right, this desi girl knows how to play well by the rules of fashion. PC is aware of the power of pairing separates right and is often seen putting this knowledge to its best use. Let’s check out some of her top street style looks that left us in wonderment: First a meeting and then a party to attend right after? Check (literally).  Contemplating what to wear on a “casual” day out with your girlfriends? Here’s your answer.  Layer right for winters, with a dash of refreshing prints.  Need Monday motivation? Dress as stylishly as PC, with a full cup of coffee.  Who said parties aren’t fun on chilly nights? Hop on in one of these pearl-studded sweaters paired with knee-length leather skirt and thigh-high boots. Don’t forget to give a funky personality to your outfit with a cool bright coloured handbag. In case you prefer options, and are a big fan of Kurt Cobain.  Simplicity is the key, they said. Another Monday motivation look? Try to hangout more with trench or eco fur coats in the monsoons to appear super cool.  Going on a hot date? Wear red. Going out with friends? Wear red. Going with family? Wear red (Okay, we made up the last one). Tone down on colours on that summery afternoon.  Or don’t!  Team a bright top with light trousers or pants for a subtle fashion statement.  The next time you plan to go out for brunch, wear a comfortable pencil dress with pointed heels, a modish handbag and glares with a dog for your protection ;)  Wear culottes to give a trendy spin to a basic top.					After changing three flights and taking a three-hour bus ride, we landed in Montepuez—the second largest city in the province of Cabo Delgado in Mozambique. The day had been a whirlwind, as we hopped on and off different vehicles. The moment we landed in Mozambique, however, a burst of fresh, clean air welcomed us. The quaint city is home to Montepuez Ruby Mining (MRM), which is a Mozambican company developing operations at the ruby deposits in the city, and covers approximately 33,600 hectares. A leading supplier of responsibly-sourced coloured gemstones across the globe, MRM is owned by UK-based natural resource company Gemfields (75 per cent), and Mozambican company Mwiriti (25 per cent). We spent two days in the heart of the most recently discovered ruby deposit in the world, and unearthed more than just these precious crimson stones. 													The journey beginsOver 500 million years in the making, ruby, or ratnaraj (meaning king of the gemstones in ancient Sanskrit), is an extremely rare stone, cherished by royalty, social A-listers, and collectors alike. We went to see one of the mine pits on the first day, where rubies are deposited as alluvial or colluvial material over a weathered bedrock.Rubies were first discovered in Montepuez in 2009, following which, Gemfields and Mwiriti signed an agreement in 2011 to officiate the mining process. MRM uses a multidisciplinary approach for mining—geological (rubies that are typically associated with certain rocks or minerals), geophysical (airborne survey—magnetic and radiometric), and geochemical (determining chemical signatures of hidden mineral deposits). The sheer size of the mine pit was staggering, and it brought forth the concern of what happens to it once it has been exhausted.Mining with a conscienceMRM is committed to mining in a way that has the least environmental impact. Jack Cunningham, Sustainability, Policy and Risk Director at Gemfields, explains, “Before we mine an area, we collect seeds of the indigenous plants and trees from the top soil and create a seed bank. We then grow the seeds in a nursery for replanting as we complete mining.” Along with encouraging biodiversity, old pits are back-filled and rehabilitated, and no harmful chemicals are used during the mining process. “Machine oil is carefully managed and stored, machines and vehicles are maintained by our in-house teams, and all spills are cleaned up and the contaminated soil is bioremediated,” says Cunningham.The road to development was not an easy one, and initially, the company faced resistance from the inhabitants. Cunningham recalls, “There was uncertainty from the local community about what the benefits would be and how quickly they would receive those. An influx of thousands of illegal miners also caused social problems at a time when we weren’t yet in a position to help the community. Since 2014, however, we have had a dedicated team on the ground that carries out community engagement, and addresses their needs and grievances, and the relationship with them has vastly improved.” MRM has provided employment to 1,110 people, both directly and via contractors, 95 per cent of whom are Mozambican nationals. The mining company has also helped nine farming associations (two of which are dedicated to empowering women and in total represent 290 partner farmers), and taught them new techniques that have increased yields. Looking at the community as a whole, the company has invested in infrastructure for four primary schools (three of which are new), providing education to 1,000 primary school-aged children. “Schooling is the responsibility of the state, however our infrastructure atleast helps the government with a costly aspect of public education. Once established, we hand over the schools to the government for their onward management as a national asset,” elucidates Cunningham. The establishment of two mobile health clinics serves thousands of people across six villages. Isac Rafael, Director of the Namanhumbir Health Center, Mozambique, stated, “With these mobile clinics, it’s possible to care for patients in the most remote areas without sanitary units. This also gives easy access to pregnant women, children, and the elderly, who don’t have to travel long distances.”The final stepWe spent the last leg of our journey in the wash plant and sorting house, where the raw stones are processed and graded according to their colour, size, and clarity. We witnessed how a team of highly skilled sorters picked rubies from the rubble, in a secure environment. Their hands worked like machines as they separated the precious stones in silent harmony. The final pieces are then auctioned off by Gemfields and till June 2017, a total of eight ruby auctions have generated a revenue of US$280 million.We entered the city with a bunch of preconceived notions, and after spending two days in the shoes of a miner, left with hope for the Montepuez community. That’s what you get in this city of Mozambique, along with beautiful never-ending blue skies, and a warm community that believes in co-existence.					Diwali is a time for gifting - and buying something for ourself and our home. What to buy? Femina puts together its favourite picks in fashion, beauty, accessories, décor and more.					FASHIONHigh glossNothing screams power more than high shine fabrics worn appropriately. While last season was all about plastics in apparel, this season is all about high gloss on any and every fabric texture such as leather, satin etc. Right from long wrap-around coats to pants to even see-through dresses, high shine is marking its territory everywhere. But beware if worn out of proportion or styled incorrectly, the trend sure can fall back easily. The best way to start would be with a high shine statement belt on a solid outfit and move upwards to high gloss trimmings on outfits and then take the plunge! “I feel high gloss fabrics can somehow add sheer sexiness to the look. I personally love wearing statement gloss t-shirt dresses and black or nude shoes,” says lifestyle blogger Naina Ahluwalia. Plaid and simpleThe key to play with plaid is to not go overboard with it and style it with colourful bright accessories to brighten up the look. “If you ask me about plaid, I can only and only think of the term classic yet trendy. Plaid can be played around with prints and colours but it's not a trend, I would call it an evergreen print that everyone needs to have in their closet. Of course, every year something or the other trendy using plaid comes up and those make good additions to the closet,” shares lifestyle blogger Aleena Macker. You can try your hand at plaid button-down skirts or bright plaid co-ordinates or even plaid mules, there’s no stopping this season. Add a dollop of feminine to plaid through glam jewellery, bold lips or bling bags and watch your style quotient go through the roof!Fringe benefits The best part about the fringe trend is its versatility. Not only can you incorporate these sassy strings into your wardrobe but you can also sport it through any medium i.e. through an accessory or clothing piece or even footwear. “You have a variety of different options when it comes to fringes. You can play around with beads or metallic ropes or even denim, the list just goes on and on,” says fashion blogger Puja Wani, “A well-fitted tee with fringes on denim looks really chic for the day and pair a contemporary sari with a fringed noodle strap crop makes heads turn at a social soirée!” ACCESSORIESSkinny sunglassesWe are totally crushing big time on skinny sunglasses to go along with our skinny tall soy lattes. Trust us when we say that a pair of these can totally escalate your look within seconds. What started with a few sightings on Instagram influencers has only gone up on the fashion ladder with everybody adapting to the style. One thing is for sure, the 90’s skinny game is here to stay for a while and you could try experimenting with the same. While the black skinnies sure do seem like a classic, there are a lot of varieties to choose from. You could go crazy and pick a pair of colour tinted glasses to go with super ripped black denim and a black crop or could try white rimmed statement sunglasses over an all-white outfit for the local Sunday brunch!Bag that styleThe trend started with designer labels such as Gucci and Prada displaying embellished bags on runways and it has only been widely appreciated and accepted by the masses. Imagine bags with tiny fur trims and pearls and fabric patches with logos or numbers. The size of these goodies ranges from tiny shoulder bags to handbags to even totes! A great bag can make or break the look and these embellished bags undeniably enliven the look in a jiffy. Macker says, “For bags or any kind of accessories including shoes, I absolutely love embellishments. It gives so much more character to pieces and if you can customize the embellishments there is just nothing like having your own unique piece. I have to say the Gucci has set the bar high with their embellished bags.” Try carrying a denim shoulder bag with faux pearls and diamonds on a classic white blouse and blue denim to the lazy Saturday lunch with the girls or a box bag with adornments for the cocktail soiree the week after and be indebted to us forever!Dance in trans(parent)!While we were throwing our everyday essentials in a plastic see-through bags last season, this season is all about transparent footwear (now we can openly flaunt our pedicures!). Clear PVC sandals are selling like hot cakes and by the looks of it, this trend is definitely here to stay. With Chanel kicking off the trend early this year and going crazy with plastic covered everything, most designers followed suit. If you think wearing see-through shoes is bizarre, you could participate by wearing a combination of plastic, leather peep toes or sandals with plastic straps, or footwear with plastic heels. You could most certainly wear PVC boots on a bodycon lacy dress if you’re ready to bear it all! Fashion blogger Madhavi Dey says, “PVC shoes are a major life saver. I love wearing these statement pieces see through ankle boots on an all-black ensemble as it just adds the right touch of edge to the outfit.” BEAUTYGive a clean(se) chitWe have finally come to the realization that cleansing oils aren’t the bad heroes we made them out to be. In fact, they are seen to be the most liked product currently. Cleansing is the most effective way of getting dirt free, crystal clear and soft skin in a jiffy and cleansing oils seem to deliver all that and much more efficiently. Experts confirm that while cleansers do strip your skin of natural oils, cleansing oil does not clog your pore. Beauty blogger Stacey Castenha says, “I’ve started using a cleansing oil and it only does wonders to my skin. Not only does it cleans my face really nice but also leaves it glowing and super soft. This is one product that is never exiting my vanity.” Looks like it’s time to put this oil down on the list of things to buy this season!Enhancing beautyThe trend that started sometime early this year has only grown. Face serums are a game changer and people are only starting to realize. Whether your skin is acne-prone or dehydrated or dull, there is a magic potion available for every skin type and for every skin related problem. Majority of us Indian women suffer from dehydrated skin and the answer to that is moisture-based hydration face serum. “People always thought that face serums are a strict no as they make the skin too oily or clog the pores but 2018 has been a game changer. People are understanding their skin like never before and adding these serums to their daily beauty regime,” informs Catenha. Time for a much-needed skincare shopping run! Inclusive beautyA little while back, Rihanna upped her game big time after releasing her foundation line with FENTY Beauty. The foundation that came in a variety of 40 different shades (yes, 40 different shades and we aren’t even joking about it!) made our lives so much simpler. People all over the world went crazy as they no longer had to mix a few different shades in order to create the one suitable for their skin. This started a movement that every skin tone is unique and deserves to be celebrated. It was only logical that soon other beauty brands followed suit and started going beyond the customary 10-15 shade range. “Today, it’s all about customization. Right from outfit to beauty to even food, everybody wants something exclusive designed just for them. The inclusive beauty trend is definitely here to stay and is only going to get bigger and bigger with each season,” says Wani. DÉCORGeometric accentsAs Pantone predicted geometric accents have certainly proved to be the hottest trend of the year in decor. What started as modest triangles and circles on tiny vases and tableware here and there has only blown up and manifested itself on objects everywhere. The octagons and hexagons are repeatedly making bold appearances on items such as home furnishing, tiles, wallpapers, fabrics, etc. among others. Interior decorator Heena Sabhnani shares, “A lot of my clients have been taken aback with what the change they saw in their home by incorporating geometric patterns. It instantly brightens up a dull and boring home and adds just the right touch of modern.” Geometric prints are an easy way to up your décor game and give your home the much needed modern touch that it so needed. You too can join on the bandwagon by getting a bright and colourful wallpaper on the bar wall or you can start by dipping one toe at a time and get geometric wall hangings by the dinning or a subtle rug to start with. Frills and trimsWe are as surprised as you are; as for most of us, fringe belongs in the closet. Well, clearly not anymore as the trend has gotten a major upgrade. This season, the style is moving out of our wardrobes and on our décor and we aren’t complaining one bit. Fringe doesn’t necessarily have to mean overdressed. Lightly fringed hems on lamps or a statement fringe trimmed chandelier add the right touch of flirty modern chic. Everything boring is fun again! Fringes are seen making indiscreet roaring appearances on sofa chairs, statement mirrors wall hangings and other zillion things. Again, you could opt for a fringed sofa set for a modern Gatsby look or start with a tiny fringe trim lamp on the nightstand and thank us later!Lush livingVelvet for the longest time has been synonymous to luxury and opulence and the quickest and easiest way to transform your house and give it a luxurious touch is by upgrading your plain Jane furniture with plush velvet pieces. Earlier, velvet was a fabric that was easy to stain, required a lot of looking after, was really difficult to maintain and was available in limited colours. However, all that has changed and today you can get a variety of different shades and options and you’d be surprised at how low maintenance the fabric is and it really doesn’t require much looking after it. You could start experimenting by getting a plush turquoise throw on or cushions and notice the change or go all out and invest in larger pieces like a purple velvet statement couch with chairs and let it rule your space. Velvet just instantly jazzes up the place like nothing else and adds in a generous dollop of chic royalty. Velvet curtains and upholstery too have entered the market and are slowly crawling into our homes. You could begin with black or dark mauve velvet drapes and move to loud bright hues. The key point to remember is not go overboard as velvet on its own self is a statement fabric so minimalism is the keyword to keep in mind while engaging with velvet. Well, it’s time to go ahead and get your velvet on.Text: Ravina Sachdev																		Although monotone and monochrome outfits are safe and can be worn on multiple occasions, going multicolour is bold and daring. In Bollywood, actor Ranveer Singh is popular for his peculiar yet striking dress sense. Similarly, Sonam Kapoor Ahuja and Kangana Ranaut never fail to make headlines with their feisty sartorial choices. Here is a list of some other actors who have embraced colours with pride.Ranveer SinghDeepika PadukoneSonam Kapoor AhujaKareena Kapoor KhanKangana RanautManushi ChhillarJanhvi KapoorTwinkle KhannaFreida PintoShruti HassanRaveena TandonSonakshi Sinha Recent award shows, ramps, and high-end events were awash with all-white outfits. From snow white and ivory to eggshell white and vanilla, Bollywood celebs have been going gaga over this pristine hue. To remain on top of the trend you can follow the lead of Kareena Kapoor Khan’s edgy look by wearing Flow The Label’s off-shoulder top paired with striped trousers or you can take cue from Katrina Kaif’s Anamika Khanna ruffled asymmetrical dress worn with a matching duster jacket. Have a look at our top picks for the season, and stock your wardrobe with this versatile shade:Kareena Kapoor KhanKatrina KaifSonam Kapoor AhujaAnushka SharmaHuma QureshiEsha GuptaTaapsee Pannu One thing that is never up for compromise is to look one's best at all times. To do so is vastly simple and it turns out that we were fussing over the wrong waistline this entire time! All you need is the knowledge about the many waistlines available out there, and know the perfect one for you. The dress with the right waistline will give you a flattering silhouette that will highlight all the right areas and hide the ones you don’t want to show! In order to achieve the perfectly flattering silhouette that you’ve always dreamed of, picking an outfit with the right waistline that matches your body shape is all there is to it (cheers all around). So no slumpy, sloppy ill-fitting attire and wardrobe malfunctions because we are here to deliver to you the fashion tips to match the right body shape to the right waistline. It’s the kind of matchmaking we are here to help with! So read on, and get ready for some shopping for the coming season. You will look on point always, and ensure you make heads turn.  EMPIRE STATE OF MINDEmpire waistlineThe first and most recognisable waistline there is the empire waistline also popularly referred to as the empire silhouette, empire line or just empire style. The basic structure of this waist pattern is categorised by the tightly fitted bodice that ends just below the bust to deliver the whole high-waisted look. The obsession with the high-waisted line began during the 18th century and was brought to fame by the empress of the first French Empire, Napoleon Bonaparte’s wife, Empress Josephine de Beauharnais; which is where the whole regal reference is sourced from. If a style was good enough for an empress, you can be sure it’s good enough for you as well. The entire style is part of the neoclassical style that was obsessed with imitating and replicating or rather reviving the style that could be seen in the ancient Greek and Roman which portrayed women wearing long gowns clinched under the bust.Perhaps it's old-time origins and traces in the 18th century that give the style a wonderfully romantic appeal. The flowy and really luxurious feel it imparts makes your inner Greek goddess preen with appreciation, accompanied with the fact that it’s incredibly comfy with zero constriction is an advantage that has very women sighing in absolute relief. Its old-time origins and traces in the 18th century that give the empire waistline style a wonderfully romantic appeal.Match-maker: The empire waist is designed in such a way that it sits above a woman's natural waistline and generally accentuates the bust which is why it is ideally always accompanied with deep scoop necklines or sweetheart and V-necklines.   This style is perfect for those with pear-shaped bodies i.e. having a slim upper body and a more voluptuous lower body. As such if you don’t want to draw attention to your hips then empire waistline is the way to go. The waist tends to emphasise the narrowest part of the body and camouflaging the wider lower body. It’s also great for short people because the raised waistline creates the appearance of extra height. Now, for the don’ts - avoid the billowy, voluminous fabrics. Pleats and gathers are another no-nos.It is best to stick to with A-line structures or sheath that help to highlight your body’s best features instead of hiding it under too much fabric. When wearing an empire waist top, the best choice of bottom wear is either skinny or straight legged pants. Pairing it up with voluminous wide-legged tend it delivers a rather frumpy, disproportionate look. Empire waist dresses are ideal for pregnant women as its flowy and comfortable. DROP DOWNDrop waistAfter the waistline was pulled up to new heights, the winds of change eventually made their way through the world of fashion and according to the laws of the universal: what goes up must come down. So after the waistline enjoyed the lofty highs, during the roaring 20s, it dropped down to become the distinctive dropped waist style. Around the time when women were finally breaking free from a vile instrument of torture also known as the corset, they decided to adopt more masculine silhouettes. It was believed to be seen as female liberation from traditionally-accepted shapes. A dropped waist sits below the actual natural waistline of a woman and is characterised by the line across the hips instead of the waist thereby providing the illusion of a longer torso. The drop waist though popular with the 20’s flapper dresses are more commonly remembered in their 60’s revival. During then the look took on a sportier feel rather than the elegantly sleek feminine look of the 20’s. Designers have experimented around with it for years and while the basic construct was never tampered with, there were several add-ons like belts, pleated and ruffled skirts to give it a little extra something every time.The drop waist though popular with the 20’s flapper dresses are more commonly remembered in their 60’s revival.Match-maker: Dropped waisted looks aren’t quite as popular today as they were before but they haven’t faded into obscurity completely because the whole ‘shapeless’ look is on the prowl and is extremely favoured. The waist makes quite a statement and, if you know just how to wear and accessorise it, it can turn you into an über fashionista who knows how to work any style like a boss. Short drop-waisted look looks fantastic on women with the tall slender willowy figures and narrow hips. With the addition of a ruffled skirt for a flouncy free-flowing look or an A-line skirt for a sleeker formal look, it could swing either way. It would be prudent for women who have a heavier lower half to stay away from the ruffles as it would be super counterproductive and make the lower body look even wider.For those with long legs and a short torso, drop-waisted dress - with moderate heels - works well. And for those with a long torso and short legs, drop waists with high heels will help to balance out the long torso and deliver a balanced, symmetrical look. BASQUE IN ITBasque waistlineWhat could you have in common with a woman who lived during the American Civil War? Nothing much; except maybe your dress’s waistline. The Basque waistline, which is also referred to as the antebellum waistline is a waistline that emerged when the hourglass figure was the shape every woman was vying for. This waistline served to flatter the equally proportioned body of an hourglass shape and has merits for other body types as well.A Basque waistline is flattering V-shaped waistline that is ideally beneficial for curvaceous figures. The style forms a noticeable ‘V’ on the front of the body coming 2-3 inches below the normal waistline. If the pronounced V-shape is too sharp for one’s taste and then the style can also be modified to a softer U-shape. It is a generally flattering style that provides a slimmer and longer torso due to its low ‘V’ and reduces the width of the hips and waist. Though the idea is to love your body no matter what, wanting to take off a couple for inches every now and then using illusionary means is perfectly acceptable. The style originally began as French-fitted bodice or jacket that eventually become part of the dress rather than a separate piece altogether. A Basque waistline is flattering V-shaped waistline that is ideally beneficial for curvaceous figures.Matchmaker: A Basque waistline is flattering for many body shapes; the low V-shaped line lengthens the torso and creates a wonderfully slim silhouette. However, due to the shape of the waistline, the style tends to draw distinct attention to the lower tummy region and if you aren’t comfortable with that then it's best to avoid this style. Pear-shaped bodies or square shaped bodies should not go for this kind of waistline as it would not be able to appropriately accentuate and flatter those kinds of body types. Hourglass and other body types would be able to carry it off perfectly as it helps to balance out the hips and waist due to the elongation illusion the waist creates.   LOSE THE SYMMETRYAsymmetric waistlineThings that are straight and simple are thoroughly uninteresting after a while. In order to shake things up, the fashion industry developed an obsession with everything that was off-centre and unbalanced. And that is because things like that tend to be more interesting. There is more depth, character and visual appeal. From hemlines with varying lengths to slanted necklines, there is something about asymmetrical patterns in an attire that just make the whole look more sophisticated and bold while breaking free from the rigid symmetry.Though an asymmetrical waistline is not as radical as some of the other things in the same school of thought, it is an interesting style to incorporate. An asymmetrical waistline is a style that sits diagonally across the natural waistline. It originates from a point in the natural waistline and then extends down in a slant to the opposite end. In other words, it is just a slanted waistline across your body, high on one side and low on the other.Asymmetrical waistline creates a slimming effect for those full figured or thick-waisted ladies.Match-maker: Asymmetrical waistline is a type of waistline that will create a slimming effect. Thus, it is great for those full figured or thick-waisted ladies. On the other hand, those on the shorter side should stay away from this waistline as the long waist will make the rest of the body appear shorter. However, if you have short height, you should not opt for this waistline style as this will just make you appear shorter. WAIST NOT, WANT NOTPrincess seamThe absence of something is often beneficial as well. Though there exist several types of waistlines to go with every kind of body, there is a particular style that does not need a visible waistline. A style that is much beloved and which is about as timeless as the name itself - the princess seam style. It is a style that will probably never go out of style and is an epitome of soft feminity.A princess seam or line is characterised by the long seams that start from below the arm, or under the shoulder and curves delicately over the bust and down the body to give a prominent long look that that associated with A-line dresses. The seam can be stitched into blouses or dresses to have the desired structure and shape. Due to the way it is designed, the style does not need a waistline since it runs along panels down the body. The princess seam was associated with Charles Frederick Worth, a prominent English fashion designer of the 19th and 20th century who is also acknowledged by many as the ‘Father of Haute Couture’. The style was of course created for Princess Alexandra of Denmark, the wife of King Edward VII. Due to its fitted and figure-hugging design, it was believed to be the first ‘bodycon’ (who are we to deny that fact?).The princess seam works well with any body type as the seams help to slenderize your frame.Match-maker: The princess seam works remarkably well for those with hourglass figures, the long, shapely seams that gather in at the waist and flare out again at the hips. However, the princess seam works well with any body type as the seams help to slenderize your frame.  It’s a wardrobe staple for every lady, kind of like a good pair of shoes or an LBD. Or better yet an LBD with princess seams is a very acceptable option as well.  Either way, knowing what looks good on your unique body is the first step to being fashionably perfect every day but the personal interpretations and add-ons are what make the outfit your identity.  Text: Crystal SymssImages: Yogen Shah and Shutterstock					Cover storyMonochrome jackets look both trendy and sophisticated. You can pair it with a simple white or a black T-shirt along with a nude-coloured bottom and you are ready for a formal or a semi-formal occassion. Here the actor Kriti Kharbanda is wearing a Zara blazer. Suit upOne of the most ideal outfits for office wear is a crisp black and white suit. Wear it with flats or kitten heels and go minimal on accessories. Here Anushka Sharma has paired an off-shoulder blouse with flared pants which makes it look ultra-modern yet fun.  Classic blend Monochrome has been used ample times in Indian wear too, giving it a contemporary spin. Here Shraddha Kapoor has worn a Punit Balana creation. The contrasting prints, along with the right fabric and texture, makes it perfect for a wedding.  Short and simpleBlack shorts with a white T-shirt or blouse look fun and slinky. Here Janhvi Kapoor has worn a Kunal Rawal outfit—black shorts with a white top and a jacket. This outfit could be completed with a pair of black thigh-high boots to look party-ready.  Doll upAccessorising is the key to make a simple monochrome dress look instantly trendy. Here Kangana Ranaut has added a broad black belt and boots to her outfit. You too can play with add-ons to make a simple dress modish.																		Simplicity is the key, but over-the-top (OTT) trend has managed to survive against all odds. The Lakmé Fashion Week (LFW) Winter/Festive 2018 was an evidence of the trend shift and designers like Naushad Ali, Gunjan Jain, Asik Barit, and Anvita Sharma walked their models wearing garments with contrasting colours, unique silhouettes, and exaggerated sleeves. Know how the ramp was set ablaze by these blue-sky creations. Glistening effectHere the model is wearing a Sunita Shanker sari with the pallu ending in front. The brilliant use of lustrous cloth and bright colour is making the overall outfit stunning. The eye makeup and the hairdo is further accentuating the look.  Unapologetic cutsHere the model is wearing a Naushad Ali windcheater with interesting cuts. The colour combination is making the overall look whimsical. The sleek hairdo and the minimal makeup are completing the semblance effortlessly. FusionThe designer-duo, Asik Barit and Anvita Sharma, has used three elements in this creation—vibrant colour, chequered print and exaggerated sleeves. The amalgamation of all these make for a staggering suit.  On fleekThe model here is wearing a Gunjan Jain sari with a blouse inspired by the nib of a pen. The perfect colour combination along with beautiful cuts make this outfit strikingly attractive.  Top-notchThe model here is wearing an Eka creation where designer Rina Singh has used chequered prints and colour-blocking in her garment. The perfect blending of both makes this an exceptional piece.Image credits- Yogen Shah																		Once considered boring, monotone has now become the crème de la crème. Monotone dressing has been ruling the ramps and streets alike for a long time. Spotted time and again during Lakmé Fashion Week (LFW) Winter/Festive 2018, we know that monotone is the trend of the season. Because of which we have picked five fresh monotone looks from the ramp to help you amp up your style game.Start with the basicsWe know monotone dressing could be risky at first and so you can play safe with an all-white outfit. Matching a white top with a white bottom may sound dull but try it once and you would fall in love with yourself. Here the model is wearing a Nakita Singh white top with a white bottom along with a dupatta.  Fashion maestroAll-black is the new black! Wear your perfect pair of black denims with a matching top and complete your look with a black belt and boots. This look would never disappoint you. Here the model is wearing a Mishru black sheer outfit.  NudesNudes are the way to go! A nude bodycon dress looks stylish and hella sexy! Here the model is wearing a Jayanti Reddy all-nude embellished ethnic wear perfect for a wedding.  Go boldOnce you become accustomed to montones, try giving more personality to your look by adding a jacket to your outfit. Here the model is wearing a Mishru fusion wear dress with the same coloured jacket.  Add printsPrinted monotones are in! Try experimenting with prints for a fun look. Here the model is wearing a Mohammed Mazhar chequered all-red outfit. Image credits- Yogen Shah					FusionDay 5 of the fashion week witnessed western wear hugging ethnic wear. The label Mishru showcased an indo-western collection, where contemporary silhouettes were given a traditional spin. Designer Punit Balana too made his models walk wearing indo-western garments. He paired a dhoti with a jacket to showcase fusion beautifully. MonotoneMonotone clothing is a classic fashion trend. Designer Narendra Kumar Ahmed styled one of his models in a red monotone outfit. Designer Nakita Singh too decided to keep it simple yet chic while playing with single tones.  ChecksThis season saw models stepping out in checks of varying sizes. Designer Punit Balana too used checks extensively on his models. Tahweave, a sustainable everyday wear brand, showcased its models donning big, beautiful checks. Flora and fauna printFlora and fauna print has never been out of style. This time too, designers were spotted incorporating it in their collections. Designer Nupur Kanoi showcased her models wearing floral print. Nakita Singh too took inspiration from nature and poured it into her designs. SheerEveryone’s favourite sheer dominated this season. Agami by Neha Agarwal walked its models in beautiful sheer outfits. Designer Siddhesh Chauhan too displayed his male models wearing sheer.					Deconstructed shirtThe trend of deconstructed clothing has been around for a while now. Here at the Lakmé  Fashion Week we witnessed designers playing with this trend. The models at Kanika Goyal were spotted showcasing the deconstructed shirt.Collection by Caprese X Shift also saw some of its models walking the ramp in deconstructed shirts. StripesDesigner Kallol Datta used stripes extensively in his collection this season.Arpita Mehta too was seen playing with stripes in her latest collection. FlatsFlats are the new heels indeed! The models walked in flats for the label, Shanti.The models of Caprese X Shift too walked the ramp in flats with utmost style and ease. RufflesClaiming ruffles to be her favourite fashion trend, Arpita Mehta’s collection was full of twirling colourful ruffles.Collection by Kartikeya and Misfit Panda too witnessed ruffles on its models. JacketsA fashion add-on that never goes out of style marked its territory at the fashion extravaganza as well. Designer Arpita Mehta used jackets with different silhouettes and prints on her models.Armaan Randhawa’s models too were seen donning bright coloured printed jackets.					The Indian hoodieOr as I like to call it—the modern ghoonghat. Looks like our designers are putting an ethnic spin on ways to accessorise your head.As seen here: Rajesh Pratap Singh and Ka-sha Belts over everythingBelts over saris, belts over dresses and belts over maxi dresses—cinch the waist to frame the new-season silhouette. Extra points if you experiment with shapes.As seen here: Lars Andersson, RmKV silks and Vriksh by Gunjan Jain Light scarvesBarely-there fabrics that are there only to dress up the necks. Jewellery is passé. Get your hands on these airy scarves instead.As seen here: Eka, RmKV silks Dress over a dressThis is a little extreme, and we advise you to play with a sheer and opaque fabrics if you are at it. But the results are definitely Instagram-worthy.As seen here: Buna studio, Eka White on white on whiteIf two white layers were not enough, Rajesh Pratap Singh added one extra to the mix. A great option for all minimalist-lovers out there. And if you are afraid to add one more layers, then go for white accessories.As seen here: Rajesh Pratap Singh, Lars Andersson					Shine onThe Abraham and Thakore show had models stepping out wearing ensembles perfect for high-end occasions and extravagant parties.The all-black outfit with gold sprinkled over it is perfect for an evening affair, and Urvashi Joneja made sure to add a little shine to her vibrant line. Belts everywhereVrisa by Rahul and Shikha gave a contemporary spin to ethnic wear, using belts to accentuate models’ curves.Amrich: by Richard Pandav and Amit Vijay was for the bold and beautiful. The creative use of bright colours, patterns and silhouettes along with belts made the line exceptionally breathtaking. Vibrancy at its bestBright and vibrant colours were the highlight of LFW Day 1. Urvashi Joneja, who is known to play with colours, didn’t shy away this time too and used different shades of neon at LFW Day 1.Amrich: by Richard Pandav and Amit Vijay too couldn’t resist throwing colours in their collection and as a result, models shone brightly at their show. All-black The love for the colour black is eternal. Gen-next designer Shweta Kapur made her debut with a line inspired by women on-the-go. She showcased models in all-black outfits with travelling bags.Richard Pandav and Amit Vijay of Amrich: were also spotted experimenting with all-black ensembles. 													 Flared pantsIn today’s world, designers are all about comfort. AM:PM by Ankur and Priyanka Modi threw an exceptionally mesmerising show, where they paired long and flared pants with perfectly cut blouses.Chola by Sohaya Misra left everyone in awe with her garments and use of accessories. In addition to experimenting with flared pants, she exclusively showed inclusivity in her collection and models.					The big news—lilac is set for a major comeback. This year is all about pastel colours, from runways to the fashion streets. Be it shades of almond or subtle hues of cream and pink, this one fashion trend is here to stay for a long time. Find out five different ways you can style these ice cream colours right: Wear a pastel coloured sweater over a simple white T-shirt or top. Pair it with distressed jeans and casual shoes. Add a shoulder bag to the outfit.  Style a striped monochrome top with a pair of black skinny jeans and don a pastel coloured shrug over it. Wear comfortable loafers and a sling bag to complete the look. Pair a tie-up striped top with a pastel mini skirt along with a handbag. Add flats for a casual look.  Wear a printed dress with beige heels ideal for a party look. Also, add a plain pastel coloured bag to offset the prints. Style a printed pastel top with a printed bright skirt for a daring yet fun look. Complete the outfit with a pair of stylish sandals.					Factors like comfort and the rise of casual wear like kurti-palazzo duo has led to fusion wear being one of the most followed trends this season. Today’s women want to combine contemporary styles with a hint of vintage charm. Thus, it becomes all the more important for you to pair the two separates right. Here we tell you five different ways you can style Indo-western outfits: Style a high-low kurti with boyfriend or casual jeans. Add a saddle bag and a pair of oxford shoes to complete the look. Jacket style kurti with a pair of palazzos is appropriate for both college and work. Wear it with loafers or slip-ons. Wear a printed kurta with a pair of printed palazzos for a bold and beautiful fashion statement. Complete the outfit with white sneakers to offset the prints. Don a shirt-style kurta with a pair of well-fitted trousers and add casual shoes to the look. Pair a kurti dress with trousers which is ideal for a casual day out with friends. Carry a tote bag to complete the look effortlessly.					We can’t exactly pinpoint the time when outlandish became fashionable, but it should be around the time when designers like Virgil Abloh and Demna Gvasalia burst onto the scene (of course, Alessandro Michele being the flagbearer). In the past few months, we have witnessed crocs get a couture update, and sunglasses go ridiculously tiny. But what has the caught the fancy of It-girls around the world and even our B-Town club is the ugly sneaker. Inspired from the trainers once seen in your dad’s footwear closet in the ’90s, these oversized sneakers are the epitome of cool today. How to identify them—well look for chunky shapes, stacked sole and (most probably) a fashion-forward celeb rocking these with their on-point style. Here’s proof. We also tell you where to snag a pair at different price points.Janhvi Kapoor's got more than two. Definitely eyeing Aryan Khan and his mismatched pair of Balenciaga.Kareena Kapoor Khan makes it a point to coordinate her outifts well.Not far behind is bestie Karan Johar, who probably was spotted in those Balenciaga sneakers first.Ishaan Khatter also made it to our list with this pair of Nike.Varun Dhawan in this uber-cool pair.Get them:Nubuck and mesh sneakers, price on request, Balenciaga Leather sneakers, price on request, Chloé Leather sneakers, price on request, Louis Vuitton PU sneakers, Rs 3,990, Zara.com/in Polyester sneakers, Rs 2,699, Hm.com Leather trainers, Rs 6,499, Adidas Classics @ Koovs.com 													We are jumping and cheering (pom-poms in hand) as old-school sportswear comes into focus. Cher Horowitz will totally approve of these popular high-collared jackets, oversized logos and sneakers from Forest Gump’s closet. The big comebackUgly sneakers have sneakily made an appearance everywhere. Blame the trend on the inability to leave the 90s behind.On Naisha: Mesh sports bra, Rs 2,595, Nike; polyester skirt, Rs 2,590, Zara; knitted long cardigan, Rs 7,490, Massimo Dutti; cotton socks, Rs 899, adidas; leather block heels, Rs 3,299, Truffle Collection; acetate sunglasses, Rs 7,499, VogueOn Neelaksh: Cotton polo T-shirt, Rs 1,699, Jack & Jones; satin finish trousers, Rs 1,790; cotton bomber jacket, Rs 4,599, Tommy Hilfiger; suede sneakers, Rs 2,499, North Star by Bata; cotton cap, Rs 1,299, adidas The short of itWe can deny it no longer that short skirts and crop tops have been our all-time favourites, especially when paired with funky, colourful and the dopest scrunchies. Linen twin set, Rs 5,951, Nor Black Nor White; gold finished brass metal earrings, Rs 3,400, Eurumme Power pairWe do love the idea of pairing the chicest outfit – a blazer and pink skirt – with comfortable shoes, as we rush around during the busy work week.On Naisha: Cotton blend T-shirt, Rs 1,999; viscose shorts, Rs 1,799; viscose double-breasted jacket, Rs 2,999, all H&M; coloured socks, stylist’s own; leather pointy heels, Rs 51,500, Christian Louboutin.On Neelaksh: Cotton polo neck t-shirt, Rs 1,699, Jack & Jones; sheeter shorts, Rs 12,950; Shivan & Narresh; light weight fabric jacket, price on request, Nike; cotton socks, Rs 899, adidas; leather white shoes, Rs 2,999, North Star by Bata; gold plated watch, Rs 9,900, Just Cavalli Pencil caseLaid-back sets are every man’s downtime dream. Choose a head-to-toe neutral hue and break it with contrasting accessories.Linen shirt, Rs 4,800, linen pants, Rs 4,000, both CORD; suede-panelled sneakers, Rs 13,999, adidas; gold-plated watch, Rs 9,900, Just Cavalli; leather bag, price on request, Longchamp Run the streetsIt’s a great mix of functionality with nuance when you combine tailored trousers with a check jacket. Take this look, with monochrome sneakers, to the streets.Georgette shirt, price on request; pleated pants, price on request; tweed jacket, price on request, all Dior; cotton socks, Rs 899, adidas; gold plated earrings with semi-precious stone, Rs 4,000, Varnika Arora Go big or go homeIt’s the ‘90s all over again – oversized T-shirt underneath matching sets. Wear this look beyond tennis courts.Cotton T-shirt, Rs 2,999, adidas; linen pants, Rs 10,800; linen jacket, Rs 12,000, both Shift; metal watch, Rs 12,000, Just Cavalli Game changerA cropped sweatshirt can be transformed into an ‘It-girl’ outfit with the perfect pair of stripes. Polyester blouse, Rs 799, Zara; chevron patterned skirt, price on request, Fendi; cotton socks, Rs 899, adidas; Faux leather shoes, price on request, Michael Kors; cotton jacket, Rs 4,999, adidas; studded stones earrings, Rs 5,500, Sameer Madan. Finishing touchesGrab your most accessible, cultured staple – polo tees – and pair them with high-waisted shorts for a vintage-inspired look. On Naisha: Cotton long dress with stripes, `3,490, Massimo Dutti; gold finished brass metal earrings, `3,200, Eurumme.On Neelaksh: Jersey T-shirt, Rs 8,900, Shivan & Narresh; Linen pants , Rs 17,006, Verandah Suit upTracksuits have become summer-appropriate. The bomber and track combination is more relevant than ever, even if it is for boardroom meetings. Cotton jacket, price on request; cotton pants, price on request, both Pawan Sachdeva; cotton T-shirt, Rs 2,599, Jack & JonesPhotographer: Vinay Javkar; Hair and makeup Artist: Tashi (Inega); Models: Naisha Bhargabi & Neelaksh Apte (Anima Creative Management); Fashion stylist and shoot co-ordinator: Akshita Singh; Interns: Shirsa Ghosh, Bhoomi Mistry; RETOUCHED BY: Vikas Kamble					There is nothing off about this trend, paradoxical to its name. Off-shoulder style has lived and thrived amongst us since the 1800s–the era of art, architecture, romance and fashion in the form of elaborate dresses. Having a feminine appeal and an ability to blend with different silhouettes has made it every woman’s wardrobe essential. From red carpet gowns to a girl’s go-to date clothing, off-shoulder has found its way everywhere and in everything. Even the Indian bridal wear designers are not spared and are often seen experimenting with the trend. The best thing about it? You need not worry about going to the gym and getting perfectly-toned shoulders— just hop in one of the exposed shoulder dresses and you are ready to go. Here are few ways you can style the trend:Shilpa Shetty KundraHere the actor Shilpa Shetty has styled an off-shoulder peace + love crop top with matching trousers and Zara heels. To accentuate her already beautiful collar bones, she has worn an Azotiique necklace.  Kangana RanautWhen was the last time you saw Kangana Ranaut not slaying? The actor has revamped her style game like no one else. Here she is wearing an off-shoulder Bibhu Mohapatra outfit with Lanvin shoes. That hairdo though! Chitrangda SinghBecause Chitrangda loves everything dramatic. Here she is wearing an off-shoulder, ruffled AlpanaNeeraj monochrome dress ideal for a romantic date.  Esha GuptaEsha Gupta has styled a Gemy Maalouf outfit here. She has styled an off-shoulder top with well-fitted bright-coloured trousers. Going minimal on accessories and makeup is the key, you know! Mouni RoyMouni Roy is wearing an off-shoulder Narendra Kumar dress here. The thigh-high slit and body-hugging style is accentuating Mouni’s curves perfectly. You know this dress is ideal if you want to leave people in awe and appreciation of your style.  Parineeti ChopraHere the actor Parineeti Chopra is wearing an open shoulder, deep neckline dress. The Shantanu & Nikhil floral gown is everything but boring and the actor surely knows how to pull it off well. Nushrat BharuchaWith the perfect cut-outs and colour-combination, Nushrat Bharucha is slaying this off-shoulder, Raquel Balencia flowy dress with utmost ease. This look is hands down ideal for a hot date. Photographs courtesy: Instagram and Yogen Shah					The one fashion trend everybody is endorsing is athleisure–a trend in which workout clothes are given a streetwear edge, so that they can be worn to the gym and beyond. B-town fashionistas like Kangana Ranaut, Alia Bhatt and Anushka Sharma are often seen in these fresh, sporty looks. The trend has been embraced by major high-fashion brands and has been spotted on the runways for a few seasons now. There are three things you definitely need to flaunt this look—a comfortable outfit, a cool pair of sneakers and a major dose of attitude. Let’s see five different ways of sporting athleisure: Pair a printed short sleeve T-shirt with track pants for a casual day out with friends. You can complete the look by wearing white sneakers for women or sport shoes.   A plain T-shirt paired with printed track pants is an ideal combination for a lazy college day. Add converse shoes to complete the outfit and look simply stylish.  A spunky jacket paired with distressed light-washed jeans is perfect for an airport look. Complete the look with brown boots.  You can accessorise a simple athleisure outfit by adding a cool backpack to it. Pair a tank top with classic joggers and you are ready for a movie date followed by a shopping spree. Complete the look with either white sneakers or sport shoes. Pair a casual tank top with training tights to look gym-ready. Add boots to your outfit instead of sneakers and you are good to hit the club at night.  					The one piece of clothing that can make any outfit look well-styled instantly is denim. Believed to be invented in 1873 by Jacob Devis and Levi Strauss, denim has come a long way since its inception. Today, it has forayed into footwear, accessories, furniture and even vehicles as seat covers. From the most eminent designers in the fashion fraternity to celebrities and even influencers, denim has spared no one and is everyone’s go-to clothing item. We tell you five ways you can style denim this season and look stunningly fashionable:What comes to your mind when you think of comfort and style together? A stylish pair of casual jeans indeed! Considered a wardrobe must-have, a pair of casual jeans could be styled with a simple, embellished T-shirt. To make the outfit look swish and smart, add-on a pair of white sneakers or flats.  When our favourite skinny jeans become a big no-no in the monsoon season, bootcut jeans come to our rescue. Pair them with a printed, chiffon shirt to keep your look easy-breezy. Complete this look by wearing crocs or slip-ons.  Wearing denim-on-denim is one fashion combination that can never go wrong. Style a well-fitted denim shirt with a slightly lighter shade of denim culottes and you’re ready to take on the world. Complete the look with floater sandals.   A-line skirts are in vogue! And what’s better than having them in denim. Don an off-shoulder, striped top over an A-line denim skirt to look perfect for a casual day out with friends. Pair the outfit with monsoon boots to complete the look. What is the perfect colour-combination you ask for women's fashion? White and denim hands down! Wear a printed white T-shirt, on skinny white jeans and pair them with a denim jacket. The entire ensemble exudes chicness. Complete the look with white sneakers.					Isn’t this statement the absolute truth? With the recent incident at Cannes 2018, where American actor Kristen Stewart was seen removing her heels on the red carpet as a protest against the film festival’s dress code—all female guests should wear heels–the message was crystal clear: No more telling us what to wear! With well-being as the topmost priority, women have consciously replaced the gut-wrenching experience of wearing stilettos with congenial foot candies, sneakers! According to a report by NPD’s group retail tracking service, sales of heels dropped by 12 per cent in the year 2017, while the sneakers market witnessed a boom of 37 per cent. Experts claim that other than factors like comfort and health concerns among women, one rationale seen for the decrease in the sales of heels is casualisation of every occasion. Let’s find out how Bollywood celebs are rocking the trend. One of the leading actors in Bollywood, Alia Bhatt flaunts her Madison pants and Adidas sneakers at the airport. Her off-white handbag, paired with the coolest pair of black shades, completes the athleisure look.  In her Alcoolique trench, Shopbop white crop top and Deme by Gabriella pants, Shraddha Kapoor slays this look in all its glory. The Zara shoes worn by the actor complete the outfit effortlessly.  When it comes to style, Malaika Arora can never go wrong. Here she styles an airport look by wearing a Narendra Kumar outfit.  Actor Mahira Khan looks exemplary in this perfectly styled outfit. Her flawless ensemble paired with YSL shoes oozes modishness and excellence.  When it comes to new trends, the Bollywood fashionista can never be left behind. Kareena Kapoor Khan looks simple yet stylish in this airport look. She wears an off-white shirt with a pair of well-fitted denims. The sporty sneakers complete the outfit with utmost ease.  Sophie Choudry surely knows how to pull off an all-denim attire. The Gucci shoes effortlessly complement her Topshop outfit and Claudie Pierlot jacket. The arm candy by Jimmy Choo and the Fendi glares complete the look.					It was 2011 when Quirk Box took root. Co-founded by Jayesh Sachdev, it was a venture to bring his art to many through fashion and décor. What he didn’t know was that all their products will be sold out within the first week. Their quirky – as their name rightly suggests – designs are well appreciated and have had many takers even amongst the celebs like Deepika Padukone, Ranveer Singh, Priyanka Chopra, Alia Bhatt, Parineeti Chopra, Amitabh and Abhishek Bachchan, Kangana Ranaut and Kajol. The brand defines itself as a fashion and lifestyle label that exudes wearable eccentricity. “That, in addition to rich colour, graphic art and playful sophistication define our essence,” Sachdev mentions in the brand information, “We are synonymous with all things fun, offbeat and quirky. Our exuberant approach to the everyday encourages personal style with a dash of incandescent charm. We call it life in technicolor.” An artist by passion, a designer by choice and a creative entrepreneur by vocation, Sachdev talks about the brand, his journey and making people a walking gallery. It shouldn’t have been such a surprise though. Sachdev is an artist, designer and entrepreneur. He graduated with a Degree in Visual Communication at Lasalle College of the Arts, Singapore and holds the national record for having painted India’s largest concept artwork. Alongside running the Quirk Box, he continues to practice as an artist, exhibiting through New York to Bombay. He has won many awards including British Council Young Arts Entrepreneurs India 2008, Tiger Translate India Arts Awards and Crow Bar Asia Advertising Awards and he is also a credited TEDx speaker. Apart from his art, he is an avid photographer and loves to play tennis. Quirk Box also, is an award-winning label, alongside its founder. It won the Best Urban Wear Label – India award at Grazia Young India Fashion Awards in 2015. They have showcased their collection at the Lakme Fashion Week since 2013. In previous interviews, the artist-designer who is inspired by Sabyasachi and Manish Arora told the story behind Quirk Box, “There is an oddity and sense of innovation that is a virtue of Quirk Box. This oddity, this quirkiness, and this implicit need to be original and fun put together are what we like to call the Quirk Box. We’re here to be different and carve a niche of our own in this ever-growing industry. The strategy is to only provide fresh, quirky and unimaginable designs to our customers and reach out to prospects that haven’t yet been exposed to quirky fashion and lifestyle.” Living up to its story and its name, each collection by this brand has been unique and out-of-the-box. Not one to follow trends, but to set them, he has kept true to the essence of the brand with each collection, having come up with new and interesting prints every time. “Our USP is our strong understanding of design and fashion and our inherent traits of wanting to create something original each time,” he explains, “We are not aping trends, even though our works have a very strong ‘pop art’ essence, we are neither imitating designs, nor finding inspiration from Bollywood/Hollywood or popular culture, we are constantly striving to create innovative art that spells individuality.” Sachdev and his brand are all about expressing their art through various mediums, and thus was the Quirk Box Design Studio born. “I am primarily a visual artist,” tells the man who believes that ‘design is art with a function and business is applying that design into context’, “I have no formal understanding of fashion. My art and illustration aesthetic are what makes Quirk Box distinguished. The art that is made for Quirk Box is put into fashion, but fashion is only one such medium onto which my art can be applied to. We can design your space, your business identity, textile prints, wedding cards… the scope is diverse and limitless.” Through this independent design studio, the design style that is inherently Quirk Box can be hired as a service and not just as a product. We have a tête-à-tête with Sachdev talking of the milestones he’s reached in his journey till now, his inspirations and aspirations. Can you tell in brief about your journey to date?It's been a decade that I've been an artist; so it’s clearly been a long and exciting one. I started out as a Jr. Art Director at an agency in Singapore, after graduating from an art school. I eventually moved back to India to start Emblem, my design studio. That didn’t initially kick off the way I'd have imagined and I occupied myself painting. Before I knew it, I'd become a full-time artist. I founded Emblem Tee, and the Emblem Art Gallery and later Quirk Box. I like to believe I'm a creative entrepreneur as much as an artist. Along the way I picked up a few accolades and awards, it's been a frustrating, enriching and a learning journey, and I'm probably not even close to halfway where I'd like to be. Were art and design something you wanted to pursue from the start?I wanted to write. I wanted to play tennis and football. When I didn’t end up pursuing those as career options, I had a strong idea that I would be inclined towards a Visual Arts career. What inspires you to create?There is something magical and whimsical about creation. You have freedom. I enjoy this freedom of being a creator.  What inspired you to start Quirk Box?As an artist, you tend to have a limited audience. Often affluent or far too niche and restricted. This meant all my creative ideas and visions would manage to reach a small audience. I hoped that a lot more people could firstly, witness my art and secondly, afford it. Quirk Box was started to be a functional art label. Instead of buying my art on a canvas, you could now buy it as a garment. When you wear Quirk box, you are a walking gallery of my imagination. You started with an online store, and haven’t gone for the traditional retail format. Was that a conscious decision? Do you plan to have your own store in the future?The idea was always the penetration of the market. If you've lived in one place too long, you become a frog in a pond. You have to go out there and tell your story to everyone. I didn’t want to be tied to a physical space. I needed my art to be everywhere. And online allows me to reach 200 countries as opposed to one specific location that a brick and mortar are about.Since the start, you have come up with out-of-the-box designs. How has the response been?We turned seven in April. It's been wonderful. We've dressed commoners and celebrities alike. Won the awards that mattered and got the features that matter. We've sold from Pune to Peru. I have much to be grateful for. How’s the Quirk Box journey been till date? Can you tell us in brief about the milestones in this journey?When we started out seven years ago, we started out wanting to create something exciting. We had unrealistic ambitions, we wanted to reach the entire country, but a part of me believed I was being delusional to expect it. A week into our launch we were sold out and we realised we had created something larger than we knew. It has been a learning curve. Meeting incredibly talented people, incredible experiences, winning relevant awards, dressing fashion goddesses, it opened new windows of opportunities and experiences, from the fashion weeks to dressing A-listers. It's been a long tough exciting ride.Where do you get your inspiration from when you come up with new collections?Inspiration is everywhere. We find inspiration from our experiences and surroundings. There is no preset for this. Every day is a new experience and ideas are ever evolving. The fabrics you choose, the prints, the colours… Why do you choose what you do?I make art that I chose to make. We do not restrict ourselves with the art. The freedom of creating is why we started this. This is not trending determined. The fabrics that are chosen based on the season, cotton would work in warmer weathers, crepe and silks in the festive season. Since we print a multitude of colour, we also need to pick fabrics that allow us to print the kind of art we make. We also try to keep our prices in-check so the fabrics determine the same. Can you tell us about your latest collection?Our summer collection Chikanobu was inspired by the 18th-century Woodcut Artworks of the Japanese Artist Toyohara. I love all things Japanese, and Japanese art was something I've always been intrigued by. My wife Priyanka who is now the Chief Illustrator at Quirk Box was truly inspired by the idea of recreating his works in a contemporary context. The artworks of Emperor Meiji, the Japanese Cranes, Waves and Geisha's all features as artworks in the series of our Summer Resort wear. We used Crepe this season. It is light in weight and the blend we use is easy on sweat, heat and wash care.Who is your inspiration? I am inspired by my travel experiences. Food, small, the unknown that is exciting brings with it new stories to tell. Stories that we tell through art and fashion. Your most and least favourite parts of designing?Every day at work is a challenge; a new challenge. The amalgamation of art and business is something I am excited by. I thrive on this. Having to solve internal conflicts of tailor/labour is a rather annoying part of the profession though.What in your opinion is your biggest achievement so far?That I am able to sustain art in a country that has no value for it, is my biggest achievement. Quirk Box was one of the first of its kind with the designs that you came up with. These days there are many who do similar or “inspired” designs. Your take on plagiarism in the industry.Everything is an inspiration, and everything is a copy… some more than others. I see a tree and I draw it. I copy from nature. Some see the drawing of my tree and copy it. Unfortunately, due to the weak intellectual property laws and ambiguities, this won’t change anytime soon. In the meanwhile, we have to believe that imitation is the best form of flattery.Being an artiste and a designer, how do you balance the two facets?They are integrated. One fuels a passion, one fuels the bills. Can you tell us a little about Quirk Box Design?Quirk Box is an independent boutique art-based design studio. It offers crafted solutions for all your design needs.  With over 10 years of experience in the design space, including branding, graphics and fashion, the studio offers the same philosophy and principle of its original art and design and strong aesthetic essence, that is no longer limited to its in-house label, but to anyone that would like to hire its service. having worked with fashion, art, graphic design, branding, advertising, space design, the brand now offers you a design language you need, keeping intact the graphic art and playful sophistication that defines our essence. Can you tell us a little about your next collection?Our next is our most ambitious collection yet. Given the detail of the work, we are still working against the clock to release it in time for August. But hopefully, it will see the light of day soon.What do you envision the future holding for you?I wish I could foretell the future. But I can only hope. Hope to create good work, hope that it continues to be appreciated. Hope that I can sustain a lifestyle that allows me to travel extensively.What is your advice to the upcoming designers and fashion entrepreneurs?They don't need my advice. They need self-belief, courage and perseverance.					Sleeves are an element of fashion that has undergone some drastic upgrades, variations and evolutions in the last century. So whether you want to channel the Elizabethan age of over-the-top opulence or free-spirited bohemian vibes, there is a sleeve for every kind of whim and fancy. Like everything in the fashion industry, there is a time when some styles rise above the rest to become the look and talk of the season and the sleeves making waves (literally) this season are a mix of delightful throwbacks and modern sophisticated elegance. Bell of the ballBell sleeve is a super cute and fun style that is making a comeback to the fashion scene. The bell sleeves have been much beloved for their flowy design that allows easy movement and for their uber-graceful feminine appearance. In its previous lives, bell sleeves started their journey out by simply being a flared sleeve that was a part of the Japanese Heian period. A long dramatic flared sleeve was a classic feature and style norm back in the day. It then migrated across the world into the European medieval era and was predominately a style that was seen in the outfits of members of the church clergy. And it was around that time that the sleeve slowly and steadily developed its signature bell structure.The elite class of the Elizabethan era adored the bell sleeves. And as 'less is more' was not a phrase that the stylists of the Elizabethan era particularly believed in at the time, they decided to make it more extravagant (because, why not?) By adding on various embellishments like frills, lace and pleats . After which, the sleeves safely made their way into the modern world wherein the bell shape became more distinct and was synonymous with gentle femininity.The bell sleeves have been around for a long time and are likely to be around for a good bit more too considering the comebacks it makes every few years, seamlessly incorporating itself into the latest fashion trends. Though the bell structure is highly appreciated in the form of sleeves, its other variant 'the bell bottoms' weren't so lucky. But the world of fashion is a strange and unpredictable place. You never know what might pop up again.Why, though? Why has this simple little style managed to stick around for so long? Well, it because bell sleeves are enormously versatile. They have comfortably made themselves a perfectly fashionable asset in every area. From chic work wear to flirty casual and elegant evening wear, bell sleeves can be brought to every area of ââinterest. (Multipurpose utility? Yes, please). It is also wearable in a range of different fabrics as well as wool, lace and silk.How to style: Bell sleeves are great for any kind of occasion. And they come in several different variations, the fitted sleeve with bell flare starting only at the wrist or at the elbow. This is great for people wanting a combination of two styles; full-fitted sleeve and bell sleeve. When it comes to styling it for a classy, ââhigh fashion workwear ensemble, bell sleeves that tie at the elbow add that dash of sleek with a mild dose of flounce. Paired with some tailored pants make an effortless fashionable work-wear look that will help get rid of those Monday blues. Sheer silk blouses sporting bell sleeves are perfect for decadent evening wear and is super comfortable. Cap-tain of styleIf there was ever a voting poll to decide which is the 'all-time favorite sleeve' then cap sleeves would probably win hands down. Cap sleeves give us a feel of soft femininity, throwing it back to those long dreamy gowns with adorable cap sleeves that Keira Knightley wore to the ball in Pride and Prejudice (Who wouldn't want to pretend to be in that situation?). It is a representation of simple, uncomplicated design that is made for everyone. Their modest design is probably why they have been a part of bridal gowns and bridesmaids dress for a long time. The first record of cap sleeves being included into wedding attire has been traced back to the roaring 1920s and then made their way into everyday party wear fashion as well (flapper dresses anyone?).After that, the beloved cap sleeves cruised their way into the 30s, 40s and 50s. Clearly, fashion couldn't let them go and for good reason. It was made widely popular and sealed its place as timeless style when the biggest celebrities showcased their little cap sleeves of the most important day of their lives: their wedding. Scores of celebrities and royalty have sported cap-sleeved wedding gowns and strengthened its reputation as a favored design. When Jackie Kennedy Onassis wed John Kennedy in 1953 in her beautiful cap-sleeved gown, the style's popularity shot through the roof. Mega style icon Audrey Hepburn wore a cap-sleeve wedding dress in her movie 'Funny Face' in 1957 and that made it official, the cap sleeves were here to stay.The most recent ambassador for the beloved cap sleeve is the ever popular sister of the Duchess of Cambridge herself, Pippa Middleton. The fashion world will probably never forget the day she stepped out in that immaculate form-fitting cap-sleeved white gown on the day of the royal wedding. The wedding was not the only historic thing that happened that day. Pippa, with endless grace and panache, brought the caps back into the fashion scene. And it did not end there. When it was Pippa's turn to tie the knot, she dazzled the world again with another cap-sleeved beauty. Cap-sleeved elegance at its finest ladies!How to style: Though it is extremely favored in the wedding scene, bell sleeves are also quite flexible and can be showcased in everyday fashion as well. Along with it being a part of the usual suspects of western wear ie dresses and tops, you can even bring this style a little closer to home. Embellished high-necked sari blouses with cap-sleeves are exceptionally gorgeous and are a great way to amp up your traditional wear. Bishop sleeveBishop sleeves are sleeves that are quite similar to a bell sleeve, however, they have one defining feature. The full-length sleeves have a familiar flare that flows from the shoulder but it ends with a wide cuff that is gathered and cinched at the wrist. The style emulates a luxurious vintage feel. And it should rightfully because this style has been around for a long time. Though the sleeves are similar to the shape to the sleeves worn by bishops of the church- hence the name - but traces of the flouncy sleeves go even further back in time to the sixth-century Byzantine era (Kudos to them for probably being the oldest sleeve style ever). Though they were not all that prevalent during that time, bishop sleeves become a lot more common during the 1800s.Bishop sleeves got major traction back in the mid-60s during the time when the free-spirited hippie culture was making a statement in society. The relaxed flowing look it created coincided perfectly with the hippie style and they were all for it. Further on, in the 70s and 80s, the sleeves were made of lycra and polyesters to maintain the soft bouncy look that was its biggest selling point. Bishop sleeves created a flattering, balanced silhouette that made a person's shoulders look smaller in comparison. The cuff, historically, is a wide button cuff but over the years, it went through many reconstructions. Elasticized cuffs, embellished cuffs and cuffs with decorative trimmings were all a part of the advancements the bishop sleeves underwent to meet the ever-changing fashion demands.The distinctive shape of the bishop sleeve also attributes it to be known as balloon sleeves. They are also believed to be similar to peasant sleeves due to the fact that they both gather around the wrist. However, the difference is that peasant sleeves ideally tend to puff out at the shoulders, while bishop sleeves just flow smoothly from the shoulder down the arm for a nice draped effect. Peasant sleeves also do not possess a wide cuff but rather have a simple elastic band.How to style: Bishop sleeves are very distinctive and make quite a statement with their classically vintage look. Hence, they are great for formal blouses. Paired with a fitted high-waisted pant to emphasize the sleeves and create a stunning silhouette that just all of the soft sophistication; in other words, high fashion boss lady. For a look that's more casual Fridays, pair it with jeans instead. Draped bishop sleeves add a perfect little dramatic flair to a short loose dress with some strappy wedges or flats and you've basically got you're boho-chic on. Or a fitted dress that flatters your natural curves along with flowing sleeves is perfect for desk to dinner days. Keeping up with the kimono sleeveJapan's foremost export into the world of fashion is the traditional kimono and most popularly the kimono sleeve has carved its place into the fashion scene for the smooth elegant effect that it gave. Traditionally, the type of kimono a person wore would be a marker that officially denoted their social standing, rank and occupation. Well, clothes tend to have that effect even now in a rather unofficial, unspoken way. Nevertheless, the sleeve style eventually made its way across to the western world towards the end of the 1940s.Traditional Japanese wide kimono sleeves are varied in lengths. The sleeves of the kimono's that were used in theatrical performances tending to almost 3 feet long and would drag across the floor for spectacularly dramatic effect. Imagine walking into a party with 3 foot long sleeves (instant show stopper). Unfortunately, that wouldn't be the most practical thing to wear in the real world, so the sleeves were cut down to size to suit more normal measurements. Ideally, kimono sleeves have a deep armhole and the sleeve does not have a definite shoulder seam or armhole seam, which is its peculiarity. The main body of the garment and the sleeve are created from the same continuous piece of material, it, therefore, is also known as a 'grown-on' sleeve.How to style: Kimono sleeves are the trend this season and are perfect for wrap dresses, cinched-in waist secured with a sash that completely the whole traditional kimono look as a whole. Kimono sleeves are also great for sheer or silk blouses that go well with pants or pencil skirts. Shrugs with long kimono sleeves are an excellent way of adding a chic layer to casual jeans and tank top outfit. Cape wonder sleeveCape sleeves and capes are on the list of trending items this season. It's a cool look that speaks of elevated style and if you know just how to wear it and accessorize it, it can be a striking feature in your fashion diaries. Cape sleeves are can be traced back to the past with the introduction of the cloak. Capes were basically an outer garment that draped over the wearer and covered the shoulders, arms and was fastened at the neck. They were super popular back in medieval Europe (Try not to think of long Dracula-esque cape). After their heyday back in the dark ages, capes are back in the modern age to make a style statement unlike any other with designers offering new spins and innovations on trend to make classy and impart a sense of regality because every girl deserves to be a queen .Cape sleeves are most popularly seen on jackets - as the cape is essentially made for outerwear - that has been upgraded with bold new patterns, interesting new fabrics and showcased in varying lengths for every kind of occasion. The sleeves can either in be flared if made with softer fabrics or can be straight and sleek for a more defined structure.How to style: Cape sleeves are great on blazers and because the fabric is stiffer, the silhouette you acquire is impeccably sleek and very flattering; perfect for when you evolve from boss lady to modern queen! It is ideal for smart elegant formal wear or can be used to dress up a basic and top ensemble for a night out. Long flared, looser cape sleeves work well on dresses for an ultra-majestic look or on light pastel colored tops for those casual brunch days. Pick out any one of this season's trendiest sleeves and work it like a boss. Text: Crystal Symss Images: Yogen Shah Like history, fashion sure has a way of resurrecting back. Well, this year, fashionistas have re-adopted trends from the 90’s and we aren’t complaining one bit. One look around the fashion circle, and you’d be able to spot them! “This season is all about picking up trends from the 90’s decade and styling them with your own personal twist,” believes Azmeen Madhani Molo, fashion expert, Blush boutique. Stylist Chaitali Banavalikar-Kulkarni informs, “90s were a total game changer since people became more experimental about their style, rather than focusing on what a particular group of people are wearing.” These are our top picks for the season, have a look on how to style and slay these looks!					Of staple stringsThis quite modest piece of string worn across the neck dates back to 2500 BC! From denoting prostitution to denoting lesbianism, the choker has travelled quite practically everywhere. The choker, now sitting proudly in jewellery cases gained its due attention in the 1900’s because of Queen Alexandra of England when she flaunted one to hide a small scar. It further garnered attention when people started wearing plastic chokers in 1990’s. From Gwyneth Paltrow flashing one at the 1999 Academy Awards to Paris Hilton and Rihanna, every fashion diva has surrendered to the choker game. Back home, Zeenat Aman was one of the first celebrities to rock a choker. Of course, these days the humble choker has enjoyed popularity as celebrities such as Sonam Kapoor, Priyanka Chopra, etc. exhibit various types of choker including diamonds, lace, velvet, beads, leather, shoelace (Yep, even a shoelace can be worn as a choker!) Not only is it super stylish, it is also easy on the pocket and comes with a guarantee of making you seem like an Insta- goddess! Chokers are literally the easiest way to make you seem like you belong to the ‘you can’t sit with us’ tribe. The 90s saw the ‘it’ crowd styling their plastic cord with denim shorts and crops.Style guide: Chokers are something that could be worn throughout the day and beyond.  The strand science is pretty easy to grasp. (No Einstein IQ required here!). The only deciding factor to keep in mind to wear one is the neckline of the outfit that you would be wearing it with. Now, you could wear a dainty ribbon cord for a super casual day out in denim and a tee or could go glam displaying an extravagant bold crystal version with an off-shoulder gown. You could also parade around in multi-layered chokers by pairing them with low neckline outfits. “Chokers are in but can get common these days. Mix it up with a layer of other neck pieces of various lengths to give it a new and different look,” shares designer Neha Sharma. Moving on to traditional outfits, nothing like an Indian-ised version of a choker to pair with a lehenga for your oh-so-important mehendi function. Put together a statement piece of a pearl droplet choker with a sheer black sari and be prepared to make heads turn at the soiree! Return of the coy cropA moment of applause for Madeline Vionnet for if it wasn’t her, we really wouldn’t have been offered the cropped fashion. In 1932, Madeline Vionnet designed an evening gown with strategically cut openings at the waist. The design was accepted by the masses and how! By the 1940’s, women’s magazine had further enhanced the trend by exposing degrees of midriff. Teen magazines of late 1940’s and 1950’s too weren’t far behind and happily participated in the movement by flaunting midriff barring suits and tops. Although it was restricted to swimwear initially, since the trend was so widely accepted, it was only natural for it to have an upgrade and move into women’s wear.This was only the beginning for the coy crop top. Crop tops further moved ahead to become “the look” of the 1980’s. The midriff-baring piece of clothing found a fan in Madonna, who wore it in a lot of her albums. She even made it a part of her signature look. It further garnered tons of exposure on silver screen and was part of many iconic films such as Dirty Dancing and Flash Dance. Crop tops conquered the pop culture and became a major part of it all throughout the 90’s. The low rise jeans paired with belly shirts became a classic duo especially in the sector of music and television. Britney Spears too was seen parading around in the same quite often. While they were initially worn during daily workouts with leggings, the crop top progressed to being worn with denim for a casual look.Style guide: Fortunately, styling a crop top isn’t all that demanding as it is quite a versatile piece and each one of us can find a variant to work around with.  Cropped fashion isn’t restricted to the 20 something’s or to the women with washboard abs.  The beauty of it is that it can blend into your business wardrobe as efficiently as it can belong to your vacation travel suitcase. If you aren’t comfortable with taking a leap forward by sporting a short crop, you could always work your way up by taking a shirt or top and giving it a DIY crop makeover by tying it! Full sleeved short tops paired with full skirts are another way of toning down the flash. You could also pair one with a high-waisted pant or knife pleated palazzo and add a blazer to rock that conference at 3 pm at the workplace. “Who’s not a fan of crop tops? It pairs well with high-waisted bottoms. Throw on a shrug to avoid showing off too much (if you want to tone down the look),” shares Sharma. Matching separates like a crop and a skirt with heels and a colour pop sling could have you looking like a million bucks – that too, without having to spend it. Doesn’t it look like it’s time for you to head down to the store and invest in some crop tops now? From functional to fashionableGiven fashion’s fixation on everything mini this year, it was only a matter of time that this completely charming backpack came back marching into our lives with drum rolls. If you are a 90’s kid, you probably remember owning at least one of these bags that was then imprinted with your favourite cartoon character and taking it for a day out at the annual picnic or at the local dance class sessions. What once proudly sat proudly on our study tables is back yet again only looking fresher than ever. The backpack (the bigger version) came into existence in the 1920’s solely as a functional carrier. It was only much later when designers realized that they could transform it from being just functional to being more fashionable and mint money!  The mini backpack gained massive popularity when it materialized on screen in Amy Heckerling’s Clueless in 1995 slung over the shoulder of the fictional Cher and there was no looking back after that. Alicia Silverstone donned one with her plaid miniskirts and knee socks and carried it so well that it became a must-have accessory for everybody.While it did not have a lot of variants back then, today you have a number of varieties to choose from. Ranging from leather goodies to satin to even denim, the mini backpack does not disappoint. This super fun and chic miniature not only can be worn as a backpack but also serves well as a handbag (all you have to do is hold it by its handle on the top!) so yes, you can enjoy the best of two worlds effortlessly. Style guide: Heading for a movie? Take along a mini backpack in a bright shade that stands out, whilst going super casual in denim and a V-neck. You could probably never imagine cocktails and mini backpacks in the same sentence but yes, you could invest in a fancier leather mini backpack handbag and take it for a night out with the girlfriends. It looks good and keeps your hands free to hold your drink easily. While satin backpacks could be taken while shopping, you could resort to the denim ones for game night at the arcade or while cheating on the diet at the pizza parlour. “Not only could you carry them with western outfits but you could even pair a bling-y mini with a sari to a kitty party!” points out Molo. There really is no stopping this fun-sized bag this season, we really advise you to go grab one of these and join the tribe! Also, you’re welcome!  Denim dramaMost of us are positively familiar with how denim came into existence; it worked its way up from being worn solely by labourers to being warmly accepted by the masses. High-waisted denim is a different thing altogether. It was invented in 1940 when brand Levis produced clothing keeping in mind the women working on land and in factories. The particular style allowed them to retain their modesty as they had to bend down to work. In the 60s, Marilyn Monroe donned one with a belt and shirt tucked right in and starred in the movie called The Misfits. You probably don’t need us telling you how well the look was accepted and followed. Most of us still wear it the Monroe way even today. Banavalikar-Kulkarni makes note, “In the 90s, high-waisted jeans were worn with crop tops and that’s come as-is as a trend now. You can just pull over an open shirt for daily wear.”The brand Guess made denim all the more popular with its campaigns starring Claudia Schiffer, Naomi Campbell, Drew Barrymore, and the late Anna Nicole Smith. High-waisted denim is being offered in a lot of different washes and styles which is why most everybody succumbed to the trend. Full speed to 2018 and a quick peep to today’s fashion scenario and you would notice how so many people are embracing the high-waisted trend. Style guide: You really cannot go wrong with this piece of clothing. Not only does it make you look curvier, it also makes you look slimmer, curvy and tall. Easy to wear, and low-maintenance is what makes them a must-have. “Denims emphasize the curves so well; they look graceful,” informs Molo. Wearing a dark wash denim with a white V-neck and some hoops makes you look oh-so-sassy and effortless; throw in some tan handbag and nude blocks and you are ready to kill! Pair it off with a bling bralette and you’ve got your Saturday night OTTN ready! Try heading to the workplace in a pair with a satin floral shirt with these denims and be ready to nail the Friday dressing OOTD!  Majorly monochromeThis is a classic that has seen many versions through the years. Not only did this trend get plenty of space in the Chanel collection of yore but it was also a big time hit with its current design head, Karl Lagerfeld and featured regularly in his collections. The designer liked the winning blend so much that he wears the combination himself. The 60’s went gaga over anything and everything edgy. The black and white optical illusions were a hit. Women went on to adopt the black and white, simple yet stunning pieces and felt that it came equipped with power. Back then, polka dotted dresses paired with hats sold like hot cakes (and polka dots' trend is back again!). Down the eras, designers including Victoria Beckham, Carolina Herrerra were smitten by the monochrome bug too. The 90s saw this trend with a twist. It was not just about the black-and-whites, which themselves were in vogue, but monochrome also caught attention in its coloured version. Ensembles in varying tones of the same colour became a rage. And this trend in monochrome is back this season, with its own twist. “Monochrome in the 90s was more of bright colours, but these days, people have turned to pastels,” informs Banavalikar-Kulkarni.Style guide: “Styling monochrome is quite simple, a little tricky but mostly the end result is nothing short of remarkable,” shares Azmeen. Monochrome does require a thought before but looks really chic and classy once styled in the correct manner. Let’s brave the 2018 summer by keeping it simple in a white shirt and black jeggings and statement accessories like a bold neckpiece or earrings and some chunky bracelets. Black body con dresses worn with white capes make you look like nothing short of a fashion diva. Steer clear of prints and keep it simple as prints could break the look. Bright colours, along with trending pastels, work well for summers; why not wear a monochrome ensemble with a bright and pastel shade in the same colour like pink, blue or green?Text: Ravina SachdevImages: Yogen Shah and Shutterstock																		This season, up your shoe game by choosing the trendiest footwear in town. Here are our picks. So, step up with sculptural heels that will give you just the lift you need. Fall in line, ladies, we give you a list of haute heels to buy. PU leather slingback, Rs 5,999, Zara Leather mules, Rs 14,000, Lanecrawford.com Patent leather pumps, price on request, Balenciaga @ LeMill Recycled polyester slip-ons, Rs 5,999, H&M Leather slingback, price on request, Fendi Elastic heels, Rs 5,999, Charles & Keith Nubuck leather booties, Rs 8,999, Clarks From work to wedding functions, there are multiple moments when one can flaunt ethnic outfits. However, putting together the look requires time and effort, not to mention, going to different shops to buy accessories, shoes, etc that match your outfit. Not anymore. Mohey, the newly-launched website from the house of Manyavar, solves this problem by providing you with all your ethnic wear requirements at one destination. We pick our favourite looks from Mohey and tell you how to get your glam on this season. Designer green sari This pista-coloured sari, with delicate work on the border, is truly eye-catching. The elegant detailing makes it a must-have this season. Style the look with floral drop earrings and a statement ring. Pink sari with golden print This graceful and vibrant sari is a beautiful addition to your wardrobe and can be worn on any festive occasion. Keep your accessories to a minimum—try gold and white jhumkas and a polki ring to enhance the look. Velvet embroidered lehengaThis gorgeous lehenga is ideal for your sangeet or reception function, and will make you stand out in the crowd. The velvet fabric is embroidered with floral motifs, with the contrasting pink dupatta making you look elegant. Wear this outfit with minimal accessories like a golden bracelet and earrings. Yellow sari with golden border Flaunt this summery yellow sari that is simple and graceful and looks good during any occasion. The golden border of this sari adds to its oomph factor. You can team it up with drop earrings and a bracelet. Red bridal lehenga It is a statement outfit for brides-to-be, thanks to its flaming hue and golden motifs. Complete your look with a traditional nose ring and mathapatti. You can also opt for a choker or a statement neckpiece. Mint green suit This mint green suit with golden block prints can glam up your look instantly. The cream layer adds more grace to this outfit, and the matching dupatta and churidar make you look party-ready. Team it up with Mohey designer-wear earrings and a polki bracelet. Block-print sari If you want a more traditional look, opt for this block-print sari in blue that looks good in any draping style. Elegant drop earrings will increase the charm of this look, along with a chunky ring with polki stones. Beige bridal lehengaIf you don’t want to wear a red bridal outfit, this beige lehenga is perfect since it has elements of red only in the dupatta. Team it up with a stonework kamarbandh or waist belt, a ring, bracelet and other bridal accessories like statement earrings, a neckpiece and maang tikka. Navy blue sari This beautiful sari with a dull gold pattern is perfect for an evening soiree; the collared blouse only adding to its style quotient. Team it up with a polki-style statement ring and antique earrings to complete your look. Solid orange sari Another beauty from the Mohey collection, this solid orange drape with simple golden border has a festive vibe. If you plan to tie your hair up in a bun, opt for chandbali earrings that will make your look even more glamorous. Anarkali-style kurtiSummer is here and wearing comfortable, breathable clothes is a must. Keep things causal yet trendy with this anarkali-style kurti that can be worn to office or the mall, and looks amazing when paired with red leggings. To enhance this look, add classic silver studs or a stone-studded ring.																		The Amazon India Fashion Week (AIFW) took place in the capital from March 14 to 18, and put up a spectacular display of the hottest trends to watch out for by some of the country’s top designers. The show had many Bollywood showstoppers as well, who strutted on the ramp in style. We give you a lowdown of some of the best moments on the ramp at this fashion week.Day 1 of AIFW saw a joint show put up by Ashish N Soni and Gauri & Nainika. Vaani Kapoor was the showstopper for both the designers and opened this Bond-themed show with an ivory coloured gown complete with ruffles and net. The gown was by Gauri & Nainika. She also closed the show wearing a sharp tux designed by Ashish N Soni. Day 2 saw designer duo Karishma and Deepa Sondhi display their vibrant collection with Bipasha Basu as the showstopper. Floral detailing stood out in their collection, and Basu in a coral lehenga was the perfect way to close the show. Designer Malini Ramani also presented her collection on Day 2 of the fashion week. Hues of black, white and sand dominated her apparels along with dramatic stripes. Designer Nikasha’s collection was dominated by the gold-foil print on beautiful tones of gold, red and white. From lehengas to sarees to dresses, she displayed something for everyone in her collection.Actor Rhea Chakraborty turned showstopper for designer Rina Dhaka who also showcased her collection on Day 2 of AIFW. She wore a shimmery lace dress paired with suede boots to close the show. Day 3 of Amazon India Fashion Week saw designer Abhi Singh display his collection which consisted of collared dresses in muted tones. Day 4, the last day of AIFW saw designer Shruti Sancheti display layered fashion in her latest collection. There was a explosion of different patterns in her outfits. Designer Kanika Goyal showcased some edgy outfits on the ramp in a mix of pastel and vibrant hues. Designer Priyam Narayan on the other hand stuck to neutral shades of cool blues, lavender, beige, etc in his collection.  Spring’s here and it is time to shun jackets and wear style on your sleeve, quite literally. The hottest trend this season is flaunting statement sleeves, be it bell, puffy, bishop or ruffled. It’s one little detail that can instantly uplift your look and make the monotonous look modern. Max Fashion’s Spring ’18 collection is high on sleeve drama, which is just what we need in our wardrobe.  Ruffle sleevesA white top with ruffle sleeves is the perfect spring outfit that can be perfectly paired with just about anything. You can opt for a denim skirt with suspenders and add a pop of colour with a pair of pink stilettos. Or, wear it with culottes if you want a more breezy look.  Bell sleevesBell sleeves are still the rage and you cannot not have one in your closet. The best part? It is comfortable and fashionable at the same time. Pair a plain bell sleeves top with a printed skirt and accessorise with oversized sunglasses for a casual-chic vibe.  Kimono sleevesIf you want something dressier that can help you go from office to evening look in a jiffy, kimono sleeves is your answer. The floral print adds to its charm and looks best with solid black or white pants. Whether you are looking for a cute top for a date night or something to wear to work, sleeves are the way to add that oomph to any outfit. With so many options to choose from, Max Fashion’s latest collection offers the perfect spring style we need RN.To view the collection, log on to www.maxfashion.com 													Have you ever heard of the Type A and B personality types? We might be able to tell you which type you are, only based on your fashion choices! Yes, it’s really that simple. Take the quiz and find out. 1. You need to make a solid first impression on a blind date. What do you do? a) You head to the mall with a clear idea of what your ensemble will be, with backups in case you don’t find what you’re looking for.b) You look through your closet, pick out clothes that will work, but shop for new accessories that will up the glam. c) You put together a look using your favourites from your closet. The idea of a date is to get to know the real you, right?  2. Which of these phrases best describes your wardrobe?a) Organised and filled with sensible separatesb) Timeless and covering a wide range of stylesc) Eclectic and full of colour 3. How do you usually shop for new clothes or accessories? a) You make a list of things you need and adhere to it strictlyb) You head out with an open mind and buy a few things that you really likec) You buy EVERYTHING you see on impulse! 4. How much time would you say you spend getting ready?a) You’re always the one that’s ready first. You don’t need much time if you know what you’re doing. b) It depends on the occasion. You take minutes for a casual outing but hours for a wedding. c) You’re notoriously (and unapologetically) late because you don’t step out until you’ve changed three times. 5. If you find someone wearing the same outfit as you, how do you react?a) You get annoyed and want to make sure that you’re pulling off the look better than them.b) You’re not a fan of the idea, so you spend the day avoiding being seen next to them.c) You’re #Twinning! This calls for a selfie! Mostly As  Type A Personality: Type As are ambitious and proactive. You love planning ahead and go over and above what is expected of you. The fact that you put so much time and effort into everything you do means that you’re fiercely competitive, and sometimes invite unnecessarily stressful situations. You’ve probably been called a control freak before, and you know the title is well deserved. You pride yourself in your ability to be organised, on time and efficient. Mostly Bs  Somewhere in between: You are all about adapting to circumstances. Falling on neutral ground between competitive and laidback, you are well-adjusted and change your approach based on what is called for. You are capable of being both a fearless leader and a willing team player. When you commit to something, you go all in, but you also know when it’s time to take a step back and detach yourself from a situation.  Mostly Cs  Type B Personality: You’re relaxed and believe in going with the flow. You are the kind of person to stop to smell the roses, and are known to enjoy the little things. People often mistake your laidback nature for inefficiency, but you know you can get things done without stressing yourself out. You’re not so much about the results as you are about the process, which is why you are good at tasks that require creativity and innovation.					Belted sarisThe traditional nine-yards gets a chic makeover with designers streamlining the silhouette at the waist using metallic belts.As seen at: SanjuktaDutta; Shantanu & Nikhil Mighty monochromeEven though it was a summer/resort presentation, designers couldn’t keep themselves off the classic black-and-white-combo. The result—stark monochrome silhouettes cascaded down the catwalk.As seen at: Aikeyah; Shantanu & Nikhil Ruffled upLightweight ruffles in floaty adorned dresses and sleeves and added a dramatic flair to the outfits.As seen at: ShriyaSom; Ashwini Reddy Wrap dressesThese new summer dresses looked effortlessly sexy on the runway. Just remember to keep your look clean and you are good to go.As seen at: NishkaLulla; Verandah Edgy bustierWhen you work hard, it’s gotta show. This season, designers went for bustiers, pairing it with lehenga skirts and flared trousers.As seen at:ShriyaSom; PayalSinghal					80s glamDesigners played with opulence and high-octane glamour to make a shining statement on the runways of Lakme Fashion WeekAs seen at: 431-88, Faguni& Shane Peacock, TarunTahiliani Oversized sleevesThe humble sleeve has raised its game by a notch with exaggerated forms that swallow your hand.As seen at: Asa Kazingmei, Bloni Anti-fit dressesSummer’s staple anti-fit silhouettes are guaranteed to turn heads this season. As seen at: Asa Kazingmei, Vrisa Feathers’80s opulence came hand-in-hand with dramatic plumes and fringes shimmying down the runway.As seen at: Falguni& Shane Peacock, 431-88 Neutral paletteStaying away from bold colours, designers opted for a sombre shade card this season. Think beiges, greiges and nudes.As seen at: Amoh by Jade, Vrisa					Extra long beltsThe street style connoisseur in us came alive at the first sight of this soon to be IT accessory. Extra long belts added just the hint of drama we needed to spruce up our wardrobe. Seen at Dhruv Kapoor, Ritu Kumar, Rara Avis Sheer handloomsAnother constant through most shows we saw were see-through silks and natural fabrics. What more would you ask for in this sweltering tropical climate? Seen at Urvashi Kaur, Amrich, Rara Avis All stripesAll sorts of stripes from pole to pin to mixed graces the runways yesterday. Adding a bit of maturity to experimental silhouttes, looks like the trend is here to stay.Seen at Dhruv Kapoor, GenNext, Ragini Ahuja, Naushad Ali Check me outWindow pane checks, asymmetrical, gingham, recurring occurrences of the classic fabric made us want to deck up our closets in it. Bonus points for sheer checks.Seen at: GenNext, Amrich, Urvashi Kaur, Naushad AliPS: Interesting clash of prints, pair your checks with your stripes for an off the runway look. Shine onfrom trends that we are glad to see again and again, high-shine tops the list. Earthy metallics in fluid silhouettes were at the forefront at Day 1 of Lakmé Fashion Week. Rara Avis takes the cake with superb composition and experimental fabric.Seen at: Dhruv Kapoor, Half Full Curve, Label Ritu Kumar, Rara Avis																		Designers are playing up the sleeve this season and the results are lust-worthy. B-town divas were quick to pick up on this international trend and make it their own. Here are some of our favourites.Sonam Kapoor in Hyun Mi NielsenPriyanka Chopra in Zadig Voltaire													Kriti Sanon in Nikhil Thampi													Kriti Sanon in Madison													Deepika Padukone in Monisha Jaising													Priyanka Chopra in Ester Abner													Sonam Kapoor in Kojak studio													Radhika Apte													Diana Penty in Amit Aggarwal													Kangana Ranut in Tony Ward couture 													The past few years have seen the rise of boudoir dressing, outside the confines of the bedroom and into broad daylight. This trend with its ’90s nostalgia, sensual camisoles, lacy slip dresses and luxe pajamas is becoming a mainstay on the red carpet as celebs worldwide can be seen ditching the gown for these effortlessly cool separates. Channel your femininity in a pair of pajama trousers with details like contrast side piping, in a kimono-styled silk blazer or in a pop-coloured camisole with lace detailing. This is what dreams are made of.Priyanka Chopra in Ester AbnerPriyanka Chopra in Grey Jason Wu Deepika Padukone in Sabyasachi Taapsee Pannu in Little Things Gigi Hadid 													Checks are all the rage right now, but with so many different variants out there, it’s hard to know your tartans from your windowpanes. We demystify the main types so you can pull them off like the women of Bollywood.GinghamGingham is one of the most common variants you can wear. It’s a basic, evenly-sized checkered pattern with no more than two colours. While it’s most commonly used on shirts, you could also pair matching separates like this bandeau-skirt combo on Alia Bhatt.Play with the size of the print for different results, like this mini-check jacket on Bhumi Pednekar.Windowpane checksWindowpane checks are exactly what they sound like – thin, spaced out checks that form a graph-like pattern. Since they’re subtle, they work great when you’re wearing print-on-print, like this checked blouse and striped sari on Jacqueline Fernandez.Vidya Balan sports the thicker variant of the windowpane check in this Kanjeevaram sari.Bend the rules and wear dotted checks instead of stripes like this cropped top on Tamannaah Bhatia.TartanTraditionally used for Scottish kilts, tartan is formed with unequally-sized checks, in two or more colours. Sonakshi Sinha wears a tartan slip dress over a plain white tee for a casual ensemble.This gathered-waist tartan skirt on Sonam Kapoor pays tribute to the original Scot kiln.If you’re looking for something more feminine, this tartan off-shoulder dress on Huma Qureshi is a good place to start. 													If you didn’t know what a coat dress (aka trench dress) was earlier, Priyanka Chopra’s 2017 Met Gala look surely taught you a thing or two. The Ralph Lauren dress (and the train attached to it) that entered our collective conscience last year might be too avant-garde to pull off on an occasion that doesn’t involve a red carpet, but that’s no reason for you to shy away from trying the trend that all of B-Town seems to now be obsessed with. Here’s all the coat dress inspiration you’ll need.Minimal and monochrome were the two keywords for Aditi Rao Hydari in this white Zara coat worn with black booties.													Shilpa Shetty Kundra looks like royalty in this red, fit-and-flare trench dress by Madison.													Match your lipstick with your printed coatdress like Kajol Devgan.													Millennial pink can step aside to make way for hot pink. – Kajal Aggarwal in Plakinger.													For the risqué at heart, play a little peek-a-boo with your lingerie like Rhea Chakraborty.													We’re not quite over the mustard colour trend, and clearly Genelia Deshmukh in Twelve AM:PM agrees.													Flaunt those legs like Parul Gulati in a maroon coat dress by Zara.													A variant of the coat dress is the blazer dress, like this ruffle-detail number by Nishka Lulla on Rakul Preet Singh													Sonakshi Sinha mixes it up with a solid, longline wrap coat over an embellished top, by Nikita Mhaisalkar.													Add some colour with a belt or skirt underneath, or both, like Surveen Chawla in Madison (jacket) and Cover Story (skirt). 													The fashion world never seems to run out of ways to make shoulder-show uber chic. From cold to off to one, there are tons of ways to flaunt your shoulders and look fab while you’re at it. One-shoulder outfits in particular are a simple detail that can transform your ordinary look to a truly red carpet-worthy ensemble. Here is some inspiration from Bollywood’s finest on how you can pull off the trend. Kriti Sanon shows you how it is done in a black red-carpet ensemble. Anushka Sharma sticks to her classic style in a Falguni & Shane Peacock outfit. The Kapoor sisters give us major twinning goals in their monochrome outfits. Esha Gupta looks sharp in a Monsoori gown. Mandira Bedi flaunts her chiseled clavicle in a Swapnil Shinde outfit. Aditi Rao Hydari does modern androgyny in a deconstructed shirt and flared trousers. 													Minimalism had a good run, but it’s now time to stash your delicate trinkets away. In case you didn’t get the memo, maximalism is the new buzzword in fashion. It’s no secret that Bollywood loves its baubles, and the women of B-town have been quick to embrace this trend. Here’s our round up of Bollywood’s most lust-worthy jewellery looks.Earrings that graze your bare shoulders can make quite the statement, as demonstrated by Katrina Kaif in Outhouse Jewellery													Sonakshi Sinha in Anomaly by Anam proves that cartilage earrings don’t always have to be dainty. 													Also, there is no such thing as too many rings. Exhibit A – Sonakshi in Satyani Fine Jewels.													Really, when it comes to rings, the bigger the better – Priyanka Chopra in Isharya													When in doubt, just pick antique silver – Kanika Kapoor in Amrapali Jewels													Sonam Kapoor in Mother of Pearl proves that pearls, in any form, are a classic.													And that casual ensembles are no excuse to leave the glam behind.													Don’t shy away from colour. Shraddha Kapoor in Valliyan by Nitya Arora drives the point home.													And if you can’t choose, wear ‘em all. – Parineeti Chopra in Ritika Sachdeva, Amrapali Jewels and Aquamarine Jewellery 													The new season calls for new sartorial risks, which will take your style game up a notch. Here’s a bright idea. Why don’t you expand your wardrobe palette with fresh, vibrant separates? And while you are doing that, throw the colour mixing rulebook out the window, because this season is all about riotous colour clashes. B-town ladies show you how to give an ultra-colourful update to style.Gold and silverSonam Kapoor in Hemang AgrawalPink and redAlia Bhatt in Dolce & GabbanaYellow and greenAlia Bhatt in Raw MangoPurple and pinkKangana Ranaut in a Dior dress and Prada coatInky blue and midnight blackAishwarya Rai Bachchan in Gauri and Nainika													Pink and burgundyJacqueline Fernandez in a cropped jumper and trousers 													Yellow and pinkSonam Kapoor in Zoe ChampionMagenta and plumDeepika Padukone in Prabal Gurung 													Our favourite B-town divas are experimenting with daring silhouettes and new-season embellishments this season. We curate the best ensembles that our leading ladies flaunted this weekend.Kriti Sanon in Zara Umrigar. 													Vaani Kapoor in Ziad Nakad.													Jacqueline Fernandez in Stephane Rolland.													Daina Penty in Alpana Neeraj. 													Manushi Chillar in Falguni & Shane Peacock.													Neha Dhupia in Gaurav Gupta.													Pooja Hegde in Charbel Karam.													Yami Gautam in Zara Umrigar.													Huma Qureshi in Monsoori.Sonam Kapoor in Atelier Zuhra. 													Kareena Kapoor Khan in Galia Lahav.Katrina Kaif in Jean Paul Gaultier.Sridevi in Ziad Nakad.Esha Gupta in Nikhil Thampi.													Alia Bhatt in Needle & Thread.													Deepika Padukone in Gauri & Nainika. 													Bhumi Pednekar in Nikhil Thampi. “The Fossil Q Gen 3 does everything a smartwatch should while looking as gorgeous as it does,” says actor Shruti Haasan, who loves everything about this smartwatch. According to Shruti, this watch is just like her and goes well with her glamorous and free-spirited personality. The actor identifies with Fossil Q Gen 3 for its simple yet tech-savvy features like activity and sleep trackers, touchscreen display, Bluetooth support and notification alerts for mails, messages, social media, etc. Like her, the watch is simple yet chic.The best part, however, is that this smartwatch is custom-made for women and is available in rose-gold colour, which is a hot favourite. From the strap to the dial, Fossil has paid attention to make it look trendy and elegant. Irresistible features like music control, battery life of up to 24 hours, LED flashlight and water-resistant make it a must-have for every woman. What more, this smartwatch is compatible with Android 4.3+ and iOS 9+ devices, and is recommended by Shruti herself. Here’s what she has to say about Fossil Q Gen3 smartwatch.  Q&A with Shruti HaasanOn Fossil: There’s a sense of belonging you feel with certain brands since it defines you and fits you perfectly. That’s the feeling I get when I think of Fossil. It resonates with my style—a little bit of love and a whole lot of vintage. On Fossil Q Gen 3: I love geeking out on tech advancements! The Gen 3 does everything a smartwatch should while looking as gorgeous as it does. I’m hardly ever without my phone, and I’m usually in a tizzy when I can’t find it. The watch has been a lifesaver in such situations. I’ve also checked emails, notifications, sent tiny and quick messages, used my phone’s music app, and controlled phone calls. It’s pretty much my mini phone. I’ve almost abused the selfie feature. I’m constantly taking pictures of my friends, family and self. There’s a lot more I’ve to learn about the watch, but for now, this is what I generally use it for. On smartwatch options for women: I was thrilled to find out that there were real options for women’s watches and not just smaller dials and pink straps. We have been given real choices and not looked upon as an afterthought. I’ve always loved rose gold-coloured jewellery and watches, so it’s just that much better for me! There’s just so much more to explore when it comes to the world of Fossil women’s smartwatches. Why Shruti recommends this watch to others: I love how the watch seems to play with the user, just as much as the user plays with the watch. That’s what makes it so unique. So, yes, definitely recommending this to everyone I know. I think it also would make an ideal first-time watch. The user interface is simple and the variety of straps and dial settings are immense. One word that defines Fossil Q Gen 3: 'Me' That’s the first thing I thought of when I put the watch on my wrist. This watch is in tune with my lifestyle, and who I am as a person. I think that’s the same thought most people who use the watch will have.Buy this smartwatch on Flipkart 													It’s been several months since the off-shoulder trend made a comeback on the runways but going by its popularity among celebrities (and everyone else!), we can safely say that it is here to stay.Disha Patani’s off shoulder look will take you straight to a ballroomA tease with the off-shoulder gameWe adore this dramatic off-shoulder look!Shruti keeps it casual yet classy with her top Huma’s fun attire is perfect for every mood A pop of contemporary to the traditional with the trend is a must!Sonakshi Sinha’s breezy white top is perfect for a beach vacay. Take a cue from Kriti's off-shoulder lehenga to up your fashion game. 													 Malaika Arora Khan takes to the streets of NYC in this crop top with bell sleeves.  Sridevi’s daughter Khushi rocks this beautiful blouse with intricate work and a matching lehenga. Ileana D’Cruz is winning hearts in this delicate bikini with ruffles. Parineeti perfects the flower power dress with bell sleeves. This fusion crop top is cute AF! Shraddha adds a pop of colour to her grey off-shoulder with the floral embroidery. Trust Sonam Kapoor to up the style quotient of any outfit with her innate fashion sense. 													The final day of Amazon India Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2018 gave an indication of what’s going to impact your sartorial choices in spring and summer. Take a look. RufflesSpring catwalks around the world are cascading with ruffles and the Capital wasn’t an exception. While Rina Dhaka included the frilly detail in her saris, kurtas and dresses at the finale, Ashish N Soni juxtaposed them on clean and classic silhouettes to make his ready-to-wear line look young, fun and sensuous. Flash dance shoulderThis is an evolution of the off shoulder trend. Designer Sulakshana Monga adapted the peekaboo treatment for her clothes, flash dance or the ‘accidental’ shoulder show that reveals a little flesh without showing too much was a predominant trend. Monga used Half-on, half-off tops and dresses with single ruffled shoulders exposing only a slice of skin. If you wear this, keep the rest of the outfit simple and let your shoulder do the talking. Sheer fabricSheer fabrics such as chiffon, tulle, mesh, organza and chanderi have been summer staples for long and they made an impactful appearance on the runway at the Amazon India Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2018. From hemlines, tops with sheer insets, skirts and dresses at Monga’s to sheer in Indian wear--embellished sheer lehengas and blouses and saris at the Suneet Varma’s show--the trend was ubiquitous. Traditional embroideryIndian culture and craftsmanship were both profusely showcased on the ramp via traditional motifs and intricate embroideries. From thread embroidery at Pankaj and Nidhi, Krishna Mehta and Charu Parashar to intricate zardozi embroidery seen at Suneet Varma’s show, this ethnic element is here to stay though the silhouettes may vary from western contemporary to Indian.  													With Amazon India Fashion Week Spring-Summer 2018 almost drawing to a close, it was time for some of the fashion industry's best known names to showcase their collections.Anju Modi's line titled Swadeshi was a tribute to heritage designs in khadi with a contemporary twist, like tie-and-dye and asymmetric cuts.Madhu Jain displayed her expertise in juxtaposing different weaves, motifs and textile traditions of the country.Payal Jain celebrated her 25 years in the industry with a collection that's purely an ode to her muse Frida Kahlo and her paintings. Jain had got her friends and family and actor Vaani Kapoor to walk the ramp in her creations.Kavita Bhartia remained true to her love for femininity in the form of pretty florals, summer hues and geometric prints.Shivan & Narresh packed all razzle dazzle in their line of swimwear, dresses and saris with prints inspired by Japanese artist Araki’s works.Huemn's collection had a fearless aesthetic appropriate to counter the dystopian world we live in. Reconstructed shirts, up-cycled denims and hooded jackets were some of the key pieces.Dhruv Kapoor showcased a collection that strives to break stereotypes with an interplay of relaxed fabric, interesting patchwork and motifs, and costume design.  Kavita Bhartia presented her line A Diary of Flowers at AIFW SS18 Day 4Feminine hues, floral motifs ad geometric patterns found their way in Kavita Bhartia's collection Madhu Jain presents her AIFW SS18 lineVeteran designer Madhu Jain's collection displays her strengths in th sphere of craft and textile revival. Fashion for a dystopian world in Huemn's Spring-Summer line for AIFW SS18Designers Pranav Misra and Shyma Shetty make a fashion and political statement with their eclectic line Dhruv Kapoor marries bling with fabric in a muted tone to stunning effect.Each outfit in the Dhruv Kapoor line for AIFW SS18 challenges stereotypes with eclectic pairing of various elements. Detailed skein motifs, and lush flowers inspired by Japanese artist, Araki, in Shivan and Narresh's AIFW SS18 line.Shivan and Narresh presented the Araki series for AIFW SS18. A model in a khadi outfit by Anju Modi.Anju Modi celebrated 25 years in the fashion industry with a Swadeshi collection in khadi. Payal Jain celebrated 25 years in fashion at AIFW SS18.Actor Vaani Kapoor was the striking showstopper for Payal Jain's line celebrating her 25 years in fashion. Vein by EKRU by Ekta and Ruchira. Ikebana by Bhanuni by Jyoti. Abhi Singh presents Barcode at AIFW SS18 Day 4. 													Day four of Amazon India Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2018 saw an abundance of clashing prints, all-white ensembles, dramatic hemlines and statement sleeves. Here’s a round up of the trends that is sure to get your attention: Shades of whiteMany shades of white were spotted on the runway. They offered a stark contrast to the multitude of prints and colours. From Madhu Jain, Kavita Bhartia to Abhi Singh and Ekta Jaipuria and Ruchira Kandhari paired white with white in their collections. If you’re not big on white-on-white, add a few loose fitted casual styles from Payal Jain, frilly and flirty skirts from Kavita Bhartia or a few traditional cotton kurtas from Madhu Jain to your wardrobe and mix and match it with other colours. Shirts under spaghetti strapsStylistas Kim Kardashian and Kendall and Kylie Jenner have been doing this for a while now and designers Dhruv Kapoor and Abhi Singh seemed to have got the drift. Models sashayed down the ramp wearing risqué spaghetti dresses and tank tops over shirts in different sizes and shapes. So ladies, it’s time to bring out your slinky dresses. Print on printThe runway saw an abundance of clashing patterns and prints, proving that this trend for the brave will be big in the upcoming season. While Shivan and Narresh had matching top and bottom sets with prints boasting of forest sights, Dhruv Kapoor matched ditsy florals with vintage prints. Exaggerated sleevesThis is one of the biggest trends for spring summer. And there are so many different types of statement sleeves to suit different types of arms. From billowy bell shaped, ultra long and oversized to ruffled, cinched at the wrist to exaggerated cuffs, there’s enough to last you more than one season. Asymmetrical hemlinesEverything isn’t straight and narrow for summers, designers played with geometry and courted the asymmetrical hemlines in myriad ways. Anju Modi brought the mullet back in fashion—her kurtas had hemlines that were short at the front and long in the back. Meanwhile, Kavita Bhartia, Dhruv Kapoor and Bhanuni by Jyoti experimented with the handkerchief hemline.																		Summery trenches, feminine florals, restrained monochromes and classic plaids, were trending on day 3 of Amazon India Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2018.  Lay the trenchesThe summer trench coat is going to be one wardrobe classic in the coming season. The classic trench coat was exquisitely upgraded with thread embroidery by Payal Pratap, deconstructed and made feminine with floral prints by Shruti Sancheti and kept sombre with single tones by Pallavi Dhyanee. Flower powerFloral prints are no longer a surprise for summer, but next season brings big blossoms in all kinds of styles as seen at Shruti Sancheti, Payal Pratap and Pallavi Singhee shows. Pratimaa Pandey, however, used it judiciously by decorating the hems and necklines with floral embroidery. Black and white worldMonochrome is one of the strongest trends this spring summer season. Designers Abraham & Thakore, Rajesh Pratap Singh and Medha Khosla of Anomaly championed the stark black and white contrast. The two shades were interpreted in abstract and clashing prints, stripes and panels. Get creative and work the trend by opting for block separates, a monochrome dress or a monochrome print.  Woven handloomsWoven handlooms are clearly the fabric of the future. With sustainable fashion topping the agenda of most designers, an urban sensitivity was introduced to the fabric. From clean, minimalist work wear to luxurious day and evening wear, handlooms found an easy expression in the spring summer lines of Anomaly, Rajesh Pratap Singh, Abraham and Thakore and Payal Pratap.  Plaid and simplePlaids had a major moment on the runaway of day 3. Checked patterns have been a winter favourite for long, but designers such as Payal Pratap, and Teresa Liasom and Utsav Pradhan of Munkee See and Munkee Do and Pallavi Dhyani gave it fun and colourful interpretation for spring. But Rajesh Pratap Singh decided to keep it staid by taking the conventional way for his shirts, jackets and trousers.																		The collections showcased on day 2 of Amazon India fashion Week SS/18 seemed to have comfort on the top of their priority list. From billowy silhouettes and wide-leg pants to utilitarian jumpsuits and bomber jackets, there was adequate inspiration for girl-next-door. The new bomberDesigner Aarti Vijay Gupta combined sports luxe with her signature quirky prints and easy anti-fit silhouettes. We spotted the printed and fitted bomber jacket, casually thrown over long tees, kurtas and dresses.  Wide-leg pantsRoomy trousers stood out as a dominant trend on the runway. The new, sometimes flared and at other times straight and sometimes with slits was worn with almost everything from shirts and kurtas to dresses. The baggy pants leave about enough room for your legs to not stick to the fabric in summer months. We liked the ones we saw on the runway at Ikai, Patine and Love Bird’s shows.   StripesThe predominant pattern at the Amazon India Fashion Week, this season was the ubiquitous stripes – big, bold, subtle, horizontal, and vertical and in all shapes and sizes. While Ragini Ahuja explored stripes in all its avatars from bold to zig zag, Love Birds and Aarti Vijay Gupta resorted to subtle versions. Billowy silhouettesThis one-size-fit-all trend comes as good news for all Indian women on the heavier side. It is evident from the ramp that designers paid enough attention to the fact that some women need more relaxed styles. Our top picks are the ant-fit dresses seen in Love Birds’s show, the jackets, kurtas and cropped tops in Ragini Ahuja’s collection and the loose, free-flowing tops and dresses from Rina Dhaka’s new line.  Reinvented jumpsuitsDesigner Ashish N Soni expressed his signature creativity in his spring summer line that also marked his 25th year in the industry. He gave the utilitarian jumpsuit an interesting spin by adding to it dramatic saree pallu drapes. This season, wear the reinvented jumpsuit to the formal evening parties and watch heads turn.																		Warm weather may be months away but comfortable, fuss-free clothes are always on our mind. Who doesn’t wish to get into easy-breezy outfits and hit the outdoors? To help you make sound fashion decisions, we have put together some runway trends from the ongoing Amazon India Fashion Week SS/18 that you can actually wear in real life. From exaggerated lines, metallic hints to bright candy colours, Day 1 had all the inspiration you need for your summer wardrobe. Take a look.Metallic hintsIt's always a good time to be experimental. A good way to add fun and excitement to your wardrobe is to introduce metallic hints to your outfits or accessories. Rimzim Dadu infused metallic hues in silver, gold and blue into her range of re-imagined saris, sculpted statement tops jackets and skater dresses. If you aren’t sure of metallic outfits, begin with accessories. A hint of metallic is sure to get you noticed. Sorbet coloursPassionate pastels or sorbet shades have been making quite a wave on international runways and they made a strong appearance in Anupama Dayal’s show. She used lilacs, lavender, melons and sunset hues on gossamer and light fabrics such as chiffons and Chanderis. A deviation from the pop and neon colours, these shades will add a breath of fresh air to your summer wardrobe. Shoulder obsessionFashion’s fascination with shoulders rages on. The off-shoulder trend manifested itself in Samant Chauhan’s Victorian gowns and Anupama Dayal’s playful jumpsuits. Rock the trend by adding your own clever twists to it--sport the silhouette on your top and pair it with skirts and pants or go the traditional way by teaming a sari with the top. Athleisure boomWearing workout gear as a part of your casual outfit is the new in thing. Nida Mahmood fused age-less Indian art from around the country onto sporty silhouettes to create an athlesiure range in collaboration with active lifestyle brand Deivee. There were cycling shorts, leggings and running saris strutting down the ramp. Oversized ruffle collarsRuffle collars bring to mind images of the erstwhile queens of England. The aristocratic ruffle collar made a comeback in the Indigofera collection by Schulen Fernandes for Wendell Rodricks. They added a sharp colour contrast and an element of intrigue to fluid silhouettes. Outfit topperJackets in varying lengths are the current flavour of the season and are expected to enjoy the exalted status in the next season too. While JJ Valaya used long jackets with streamlined silhouettes over traditional saris, anarkalis and lehenga cholis, the brand Aureole paired hand woven cropped jackets and shrugs with dresses for maximum impact in its show.					Day 4 had some stellar shows by ace designers Anju Modi and Rahul Mishra. From classic silhouettes to traditional embroideries and from understated elegance to new age detailing, there was no dearth of fashion inspiration. Here’s what reigned the ramp. Floral storyThe floral story this season is whimsical, elegant and rooted to tradition. Rahul Mishra used resham threads to recreate intricate floral motifs of the Mughal era and mixed them with geometric and abstract patterns, giving them a contemporary twist. Anju Modi too followed the historical route and brought alive floral patterns from Rajasthan. Perfectly imperfect hemlinesAnju Modi added a bohemian yet sophisticated touch to her ensembles by introducing uneven hemlines on her long kurtas. The quintessentially laid-back style lent a certain nonchalance to her classic designs. Single outSingle-hue styles are not only figure-flattering but also make you look taller, so we were happy to spot the monochrome trend in both Anju Modi and Rahul Mishra’s collections.High timeAt the Rahul Mishra show, models sashayed down the ramp in high slit column kurtas paired with flared trousers and lehengas. The waist high slits made the outfits look edgy, contemporary and regal—all at once.Velvet touchAs far as fabrics go, nothing looks as rich and sophisticated as velvet. And Anju Modi, a costume revivalist known for her opulent creations, used it as a canvas for her Kishangarh inspired art work in lehengas, kurtas and jackets. If you aren’t the kind to wear an entire velvet outfit, then throw in a dupatta or a jacket tor a chic, dignified look. From vintage embroideries, unusual colour palette to fringe and ruffle detailing, Day two and three of the India Couture Week, 2017, had ample inspiration for brides-to-be. We handpick a few must-have styles.  Black is the new redThe colour black made a strong appearance on the runway. We saw it in Tarun Tahiliani’s sarees and floor length anarkalis and in Manav Gangwani’s ensembles too. This colour is here to stay for sure. Straight from the shoulder The focus on the shoulders, continues in this season too. Be it single, off or cold shoulders, designers Shyamal and Bhumika, Manav Gangwani and Reynu Taandon courted them with panache in their respective collections.Ruffle romanceThe quintessential European element—ruffles can be a part of Indian attires too proved designers Shyamal and Bhumika and Manav Gangwani. We loved the ruffles on blouses, gowns and saree edges.A long shotLong jackets provided a structured contrast to billowy lehengas in Reynu Taandon’s collection and added an edge of understated glamour to the classic silhouettes of Shyamal and Bhumika and Manav Gangwani.Fringe benefitsThis fun detailing can add drama and femininity to almost any look. So, we weren’t surprised when they found their way into Indian outfits. From paper shred fringes on blouses and lehenga hems at Tarun Tahiliani show to the fringe-finished sarees and dupattas in Manav Gangwani’s collection, they seemed to be ubiquitous. Day one of India Couture Week 2017 started off to a great start with ace couturiers Anamika Khanna and Rohit Bal showcasing their opulent collections. While Khanna chose to go the international way by putting up an installation of her collection "Happily Ever After" where buyers could touch and feel the clothes, Bal left no stone unturned in putting up a stunning show for his collection "Shahaan-e-Khaas". Here are a few trends that we rounded up for you. Capes take centre stageLast year cape blouses over lehengas made a strong appearance on the ramp. This year, Bal consolidates the purpose of a cape as an essential outerwear by layering it over blouses and lehengas and anarkalis.White is always rightMove over reds and maroons to make way for ivory, which was a dominant colour in both Khanna and Bal’s collections.Versatile separates rule the game Individuality and creativity will make your wedding ensemble stand out and this is what Khanna strongly believes in. Her collection had versatile statement pieces that the bride can mix and match to create a look to complement her mood and personality.The past aligns with the presentBoth Khanna and Bal brought alive the rich craft and heritage of India by reviving age-old zardozi metal and fine thread work on clothes with contemporary form and structure. Most of the pieces were deeply rooted in tradition yet had a global appeal.Sheer fun with fabricsKeeping in mind that the modern bride values comfort over customs, the designers experimented with lightweight sheer fabrics. Mom jeans: Swap these for a well-fitted pair of flared denims  Chokers: Say goodbye to this ’90s staple if you haven’t already   Cold shoulders and off-shoulders: It’s time to turn the spotlight somewhere else   Mirrored sunglasses: Enough of tripping over this  Fringes: They need to go, now!   Flower crowns: Leave them at Coachella please Crop tops: Yawn  Athleisure everything: Sports bras belong in the gym  Fur slippers: They don’t give us that fuzzy feeling anymore  Innerwear inspired outwear: Sorry Kendall  via GIPHY High fashion to you is all about layering  Every time you put on a fancy jacket…  You can never leave home without piling on those accessories and yes, you want to grow old to become Iris Apfel  You love your healthy share of bling   Lady Gaga is your style twin   Stacked bracelets and bangles were your thing even before they were A THING   Your reaction when someone says you’ve got too much going on  Your heart is stuck in the ’80s   You find clashing patterns oddly satisfying   Your squad totally gets your ‘more is more’ philosophy via GIPHY 													Girls have a love-hate relationship with heels. We start hating them the moment we put them on. But heels have their own advantages—they make us look taller, give shape to our legs and posterior and we instantly feel glamorous. However here are few problems that every girl understands when she is wearing heels for too long:You want to look like this And do this  But after a few minutes you end up doing this You wished you looked this sexy while doing everyday chores But instead, this is what happens When you go to a party looking all hot and sexy in the beginning, at then you walk back home like this You want to feel like a goddess when you are dancing But you end up getting to the dance floor like this And then your whole life falls apart when you see this. What kind of sorcery is this. Well, love it or hate it there’s no living without it.  As the growing popularity of cruise shows indicates, between Instagram-worthy beach escapes, destination weddings and glamping, resort fashion has indeed come a long way. Whether you’re reclining on sun loungers or cruising over gorgeous landscapes in a hot air balloon, there’s no excuse to look sloppy anymore, especially when you travel. While the island state of mind is just that—a state of mind—the allure of a glorious coverup, a feather-light kaftan or one of those hand-woven, basket totes is real, palpable and, suddenly, everywhere.  Spring/summer 2017 runways are proof that resortwear can go well beyond throw-on-and-go pieces. Take Miu Miu’s retro Italy-inspired collection, which comprise a line of ruched bikinis, patterned robe-style dresses and teensy twinsets, accompanied by embossed pool slides and appliqued swim caps. Miuccia Prada understands the value of a chic escape. “It’s a celebration of summer and its pleasures,” she mused during the post-show interview. Dolce & Gabbana also sought inspiration from the Italian tropics for its covered sundresses, bralets and miniskirts in fun prints (think pasta, seafood and gelato). The show venue even had a counter serving fresh tender coconut water and models strutted down the runway to the rhythms of the tarantella. Giorgio Armani presented a line of slouchy bloomers, sheer cover-ups and short suits, featuring painterly prints and tassels—just what we need for those soirées under the stars. The accessories followed suit; the flatforms at Prada and Chloé would make for stylish accoutrements on a holiday. For their spring/summer 2017 collection, Delhi-based designer duo Hemant and Nandita elevated holiday basics like swimsuits, shorts, crop tops and sarong-esque skirts using Victorian ruffles and vibrant print play. Nishka Lulla set out to reinvent the pantsuit, working with softer fabrics and delicate embellishments to transform it into a resort essential. Lulla says, “I used lightweight, everyday materials like cotton and tulle in relaxed comfy silhouettes, with frills and flounces thrown in for good measure.” Aparna Badlani, curator and co-owner of multi-designer boutique Atosa, Mumbai, has long recognised the potential of well-made resortwear. “At a point when destination weddings are such a huge phenomenon, the category is finally getting its due,” she says. If there’s one image that captures the exquisite charm of travel, it’s got to be that of actor and socialite Talitha Getty hanging out on the terrace of her Marrakech home, immortalised by photographer Patrick Lichfield in the late ’60s.  It even inspired Yves Saint Laurent to design a line of kaftans that he called Une Passion Marocaine. Designer and TV personality Nicole Richie, who has a perpetual vacation vibe about her, best embodies this spirit today. Her style reminiscent of LA’s boho-luxe aesthetic from the ’60s and the ’70s. Whether it’s through pictures of Taylor’s Swift’s glamorous squad chilling together on a yacht or Olivia Palermo and beau Johannes Huebl’s romantic romp in Greece, travel continues to fire our imagination and inform fashion in the most powerful ways.  Much like with eveningwear, building a bankable resortwear wardrobe takes work. “Start with the basics and build from there. Think kaftans, palazzos, shorts, day dresses and strappy sandals,” says Badlani. According to Lulla, the trick is to invest in lightweight, versatile separates that can be paired with other items from your wardrobe. “Take, for instance, bustiers that you can wear on the beach or with high-waisted bottoms for a night out,” she says. It’s always a good idea to mix luxe pieces with exotic finds from local boutiques and markets to create a look that is uniquely yours. Bon voyage!					via GIPHYYou may deny it now but, Aishwarya Rai-Bachchchan has to have been your woman crush atleast once in your lifetime. We’ve all celebrated when she won the Miss World title, swooned when she danced to ‘Nimbooda Nimbooda’, tracked every detail of her exclusive wedding affair and now totally adore her daughter, Aradhya Bachchan. She gave us #beautygoals, #closetgoals and now, #familygoals. As she celebrated her decade-long marriage with Abhishek Bachchan, we look back at 10 times when the actor made us fall in love with her style: Every time she made an appearance at the Cannes red carpet.via GIPHY When she played our very own desi Elizabeth Bennet in Bride and Prejudicevia GIPHY When she looked every bit perfect in her Bengali bride avatarvia GIPHY When we danced to her tunes in Umrao Jaanvia GIPHY The time when she looked like the queen she is in Jodhaa Akbarvia GIPHY Is there anything that she can do without looking perfect?via GIPHY The time when these two gave us #couples goals at Koffee with Karan.via GIPHY Everytime she owned talk shows with her quick wit and looked gorgeous doing thatvia GIPHY She nails every outfit she wears and we totally love her charm. Belated happy Anniversary! via GIPHY All our life, we have been taught that wearing a well-fitted bra can enhance your body shape, not make your breasts sag and in general, help you conquer the world (if you believe all those innerwear advertisements). But have you ever thought what the world would be like if you didn't have to wear one. For starters, it will let your breasts free—you won’t be constricted by two straps and the pesky hook that’s constantly poking your shoulders and back. We have listed a few more benefits of not wearing a bra everybody: The sense of freedomIt’s like going back home and removing your bra so that you can finally breathe—but now you don’t have to because well, WTH!via GIPHYOff-shoulder tops are totally your thing.You don’t have to worry about your bra strap showing anymore.via GIPHYPersonal comfort wins over other people’s stares.Well, why not! via GIPHYYou become an avid supporter of free the nipple momentGirl power!via GIPHYPlus you get to wear one less layer during summerAnd that’s just pure bliss.via GIPHY Siddhartha Tytler This season, Designer Siddhatha Tytler showcased his collection in dark mood inspired by the after-life. He used fabrics like velvet neoprene, lycra georgettes and techniques of metal hardware, laser cutting for his collection. He also collaborated with famous accessories designer Diego Montoya, who designed heavily embellished masks for the show.     Ashima Leena Designer Ashima Singh showcased her Charukesha collection at Amazon India Fashion Week. The collection was inspired by blue pottery and Shiva's jatadhari edifice that visually reflected in the collection. Overall, the collection was a mix of sculptured skirts, pashmina blouses, tribal gilets and asymmetric kurtas.     Anju Modi This year, the fashion week was all in support of 'Make in India' concept and designer Anju Modi showcased her Neelambar collection of India's textile heritage. The models were seen wearing Needledust juttisâ€”that were hand crafted in India. While, Dangal fame actress Sakshi Tanwar turned showstopper and added extra charm to the show.     Shivan & Narresh Swimwear designers, Shivan & Narresh redefined the legendary painter Egon Shciele's work at the show. Their collection was a celebration of his works featuring landscapes, riversides to contorted human figures.  ''Our designs have largely catered to day lifestyles and this season we moved to the more evening & opulent part of holidays & destination weddings. Hence, the details & surfaces became key to the collection,'' said Shivan Bhatiya in a statement.     Malini Ramani Designer, Malini Ramani showcased her collection Nomad which was bold and tribal. The collection was a mix of bohemian vibes with embroidered capes, block printed dresses, kaftans and saris.     Wendell Rodricks Schulen Fernandes, creative head for Wendell Rodricks showcased The Cubist Rose collection at AIFW. This is her second collection and this year, it celebrated the rose in a cubist avatar. It was in hues of reds, oranges, pinks and teal green, nude. The collection interpreted rose in various forms of layering, design techniques and flowing fabrics.      Alia Bhatt turned up the cute factor in this Garfield shirt dress for a recent outing. If you love her look as much as we do read on to know where you can find your favourite characters on the coolest clothes.      Only X Garfield Who doesn’t love the lasagna-loving, Monday-hating kitty, Garfield! Fast-fashion brand Only is paying tribute to the iconic character with its latest Girl & Paw collection. This limited-edition capsule features graphic tees, knee-cut sweats, PU pants, button-ups, shirt dresses and denim pinafores on the theme. We are already on the prowl for this one.    Hidesign X Beauty and the Beast  Just ahead of the release of this year’s most anticipated live-action film, Beauty and the Beast, Disney has collaborated with Hidesign to launch a limited edition range of bags and wallets. The much-loved characters appear as subtle patchwork on Hidesign’s sumptuously textured leather products. We love!     Max X Star Wars  The high-street brand brings alive the magic of Star Wars and its iconic characters with a cool, casual collection. Get set to sport Darth Vader, Stormtroopers, Master Yoda and others on your crop tops, long tees, sweatshirts and tank tops. These are just too cool for school. Abaya is an outer garment worn by Muslim women. It also called burqa in certain countries. This garment is a long robe or cloak, which covers the body except for head, feet, and hands. The traditional abayas are black in colour. But now, these abayas have now got a fashion makeover.    The women, who are style savvy women and love to boast the tradition and trend can try the updated versions. We got in touch with LimeRoad's fashion stylist, Rina S Walia to talk about the new styles:   1. Denim love The long denim abaya is the best for the all-denim look. This can be paired with printed or solid cotton head scarf for any easy outdoor look. Add a pop of colour, by carrying a neon sling bag.    2. Pick the Pleats Pleats are always going to be on trend. Try a black one with colourful pleats at the bottom. Complete the look with a pair of pumps and a black sling bag.     3. Pretty pastels Pastel shades have become the talk of the town. Try a beautiful pastel pink abaya as the go-to attire for days when you want to look effortlessly stylish.    4. Cape Craze Capes are totally ruling the ramps this season. Don't lag! Wear a cape abaya and tune up your feminine charm. It's perfect for summer day outs.     (Abaya images: Limeroad.com)  Gabriela Hearst: Gabriela Hearst is a true-blue Instagram success story. Her creation, the Nina bag, became an Instagram phenomenon after it was spotted with Buro247 founder Miroslava Duma. Follow her on Instagram to see her luxe line, her fashionable outings, and of course the covetable Nina bagPhotograph: www.instagram.com/gabrielahearst  Misha Nonoo: Misha Nonoo’s eponymous label is for the Insta-generation. She is the first runway designer to debut her spring/summer 2016 collection on Instagram instead of New York Fashion Week. Follow this designer on Instagram to get your daily dose of all things stylish.Photograph: www.instagram.com/mishanonoo  Victoria Beckham: This designer needs no introduction. With a whopping Instagram follower count of 14 million, her handle captures everything from her personal style to her adorable family and her beautiful line of luxe separates.Photograph: www.instagram.com/victoriabeckham   Rebecca Minkoff: The designer is known for her covetable line of accessories, shoes and bags. Her Instagram account gives a day-to-day update of her boho-chic handbags, glamourous accessories and cool street-style photographs. Photograph: www.instagram.com/rebeccaminkoff   Clare Waight Keller: Her Instagram account is the embodiment of the true Chloé girl—a free-sprited traveler with a generous sprinkling of romanticism. Follow her as she travels around the world and posts exclusive Chloé updates. Photograph: www.instagram.com/ clarewaightkeller From summer weddings to glorious soirees under the stars, our wardrobes are sorted thanks to these brand new collections.  The Udaipur Collection, Sabyasachi We can’t seem to get enough of the designer’s summer couture collection for 2017 that has just been launched exclusively on Instagram.  “Rajasthan has always been a very potent inspiration for the brand. Royal heritage, colours and crafts and the history of the land itself has fascinated me for the longest time,” says the designer about his latest line. The pastel lehengas and saris have been rendered in fine muslins, silks, organzas and khadi and feature exquisite zardozi, naqashi and tilla work as well as European flora and fauna prints. We’ve just got to get our hands on these regal beauties.   The Denim Collection, Masaba  We’ve been waiting for this line to be launched from the time we caught a glimpse of it on Sonam Kapoor about a month ago (remember the glorious denim sari?). The designer’s first denim line turns the idea of denim on the head by refashioning the ubiquitous fabric into relaxed jackets, button down skirts, feminine blouses, oversized trousers and saris decorated with playful polka dots and flashes of pink and silver foil.   Back to basics, Payal Khandwala  The designer celebrates five years of her eponymous label with the launch of her spring/summer collection featuring a rose motif at its centre. The collection comprises signature layered separates in linens, cottons and light silks in a refreshing palette of coffee, crimson, citrus, indigo, leaf green, black and white. The opening show of Lakme Fashion Week Summer Resort 2017 was hosted on an international cruise ship Costa neoClassica and it was a pleaser to many! Also, the grand opening show by Monisha Jaising wasn't disappointing at all. The showstopper - Sonakshi Sinha made a head-turning entry in a burst of orange. Sonakshi looked radiant in the one shoulder asymmetrical dress, which also had a dramatic trail. The collection is said to be inspired by the Arabian Sea. The clothes were a mix of billowing silhouettes, couture, and all the summer hues.    (All images: PTI) One of the most definitive trends for fall is the return of shine on the runways. As designers get nostalgic for the flamboyant ’80s, sequins go gangsta and shiny vinyl finds its way back into our closet. This season sparkle comes imbued with a street sensibility as the more-is-more mantra from our favourite decade clashes with athleisure’s fluid dynamism. Cue the season’s sharpest plissé skirts teamed with a pair of equally luxe sneakers. Designers drummed up a host of options that make an easy transition from the cubicle to the dance floor. We’re looking to Michael Kors’ slashed sequinned mini dresses and Phoebe Philo’s egg-shaped lurex pullovers at Céline for inspiration. “I like bare legs in winter; I like night for day. I like Alexa Chung mixing with Nan Kempner. It’s about the interesting mix,” said Kors in an interview post his show. At Kenzo, Humberto Leon and Carol Lim sent out a line of vinyl dresses and skirts, foil-print trousers and oversized metallic jackets. Isabel Marant flirted with vinyl too in retro styles, adding animal prints and plaid to the mix. “It really goes back to when I would sneak out, aged 15, to punk clubs like Le Palace and Les Bains Douches,” said the Parisian designer. Between Marc Jacobs’ subversive separates at NYFW and Rajesh Pratap Singh’s gilded army closer home, the message is loud and clear—street glamour is here to stay. Designer Sanchita Ajjampur’s futuristic mash of foil, mesh and paillettes, and Gaurav Jai Gupta’s street-style spin on metallic handlooms, further confirm the mood of the times. It’s evident that fashion is making no bones about its Ziggy Stardust-meets-Beyoncé philosophy, and the pop culture influencers are lapping it up. Historically, the first image that comes to mind in this category is that of  ’60s fashion icon and rocker Keith Richards’s then girlfriend Anita Pallenberg who took to the Cannes red carpet in a lurex jumper. Leave it to the Kardashian-Jenner clan to reinvent Pallenberg’s louche luxe uniform as they elevate street style basics like sweatshirts, lace-up boots and trackpants. Kendall Jenner even brought back the chainmail dress from the ’90s. Closer home Alia Bhatt is having a go with unexpected pairings like a camo shirt and a plissé skirt, offering us a fresh take on the trend.      Which brings us to the question of how to do it right. Archana Walavalkar, celebrity stylist and co-founder Stylecracker, says that styling is everything here. “It’s important to blend the look seamlessly, not letting the shiny piece acquire hero status at any point.” It’s a good idea to stock up on basics like hologram sweatshirts, sequinned numbered tees, slip dresses with a glamorous sheen, and metallic denims. If you’re shine-shy, begin with a statement accessory. Let the gleaming heels from Demna Gvasalia’s debut at Balenciaga or Fendi’s festive-edition gold totes give you some ideas. “Go casual with jeans and a tee teamed with embellished sandals. This is easier to pull off if you don’t quite dare to go all guns blazing,” says Ajjampur. Fine jewellery is also following suit by putting a casual spin to sparkle. Case in point: Nirav Modi’s Embrace range of diamond bangles, which stretch like a dream, offer a snug fit and are best worn with denims and a boyfriend shirt. The writing’s on the wall: Whatever your glittery vice may be, it’s time to wear it on your sleeve.   Wendell Rodricks is a man credited with many firsts. At a time when Indian fashion was all about opulence and grandeur, he introduced the idea of minimalism. He was one of the few Indian designers to bring eco-friendly textiles to the forefront and also pioneered resortwear in India. To commemorate his contributions to the fashion industry, Rodricks was awarded the Padma Shri title in 2014. While contemporaries are predictably passing on their legacies and labels to family members, the designer has entrusted it into the hands of young prodigy Schulen Fernandes. And he did it in his inimitable style, bang in the middle of the runway at his label's fall/winter showing at the 2016 Lakmé Fashion Week (LFW). In a fun, free-wheeling chat, Rodricks and Fernandes tell us about what's in store for the legendary label.Wendell, after holding the reins for 28 years, you've decided to hand them over to Schulen. Schulen, how did he break it to you and what was your reaction?Wendell Rodricks: I always wanted the label to go to somebody I trusted. Schulen came to me straight from college and she has been with me for four years. She had already started taking a lot of creative decisions for the label. For instance, last season we did the Indica Emporia presentation at LFW with vintage Indian garments. It was completely her vision and work from start to end. I wanted to slowly take the backseat with this label so that I could make time for my other passions. I felt the time was just right for her to take the label and fly with it.Schulen Fernandes: It obviously didn't happen out of the blue. The handover was always on the cards and it took two years of work laying the foundation. However, when the actual moment arrived, it was hard to believe. How are your roles divided in the new scheme of things?WR: I’d like to think of myself as a benevolent dictator (laughs). On a serious note, Schulen has complete freedom to realise her creative vision at the label now and I am happy to have her take over.SF: Wendell will obviously be the mentor. My work will now involve everything from conceptualising collections to actually bringing it to life. I am also excited about the business end of it and we have a competent team to help us on that front.Schulen, tell us a little bit about your debut collection, Trapezoid, for the Wendell Rodricks label presented at LFW. And, Wendell, what did you think of it?SF: I have always loved architecture and geometry. The trapezoid form has been used in architecture from ancient times and it is so versatile. We decided to explore it in fashion with this collection. We used a mix of structured shapes and fluid fabrics working with paper silks, chanderis and a lot of eco-friendly materials. WR: I was really surprised when Schulen came up with the idea. It is a form that I've seen in Inca and Aztec architecture and in our temple gopurams. The Indian woman's body which is narrow at the shoulders and wide at the hips also follows the trapezoid form. This was particularly relevant because for the first time we introduced a size chart specific to the Indian woman at LFW this season. I felt really proud watching the show. The biggest compliment to me and to Schulen was when people told us it (the collection) looked like Wendell Rodricks. When a new creative leader takes charge at a fashion house, change is afoot—what can we expect from the label?WR: I've always focussed on high-end fashion and have never been able to cater to the mid-range. I hope Schulen will be able to expand the reach of this label to more people the way my colleague Anita Dongre has done very successfully. I also want her to take risks with the label and be more experimental.SF: We will definitely retain the minimalistic language and eco-friendly DNA of the label as we move forward. I would like to introduce newer, younger silhouettes and experiment heavily with materials. What lies ahead for both of you? Wendell, do you miss being behind the wheel? Schulen, are you at all daunted?WR: I don’t miss being behind the wheel at all. I can finally dedicate time to things that I’ve been waiting to do. The work on the museum is underway (Rodricks is turning his Goa home into a space dedicated to Goan costumes). The dogs are taking it well but my three cats are giving me grief about the move! I would like to write a lot more. My next book Poskem is about Goa. I hope I’ll be able to turn it into a movie like Chetan Bhagat (laughs). I’d like to teach a lot more too.SF: I am excited about what lies ahead and loving every minute of my new job. Going forward we’ll be extending the brand to include luxury lifestyle segments too.Photographs: Gary Taylor, Vinay Javkar/Lakmé Fashion Week winter/festive 2016 Back when Julia Roberts wore them with a neon bodysuit and mussed curls in Pretty Woman, it was thought to be risqué. But at the moment, thigh-high boots are everywhere from red carpets to shopping sprees, and both our desi celebs and Hollywood stars are sporting them with equal aplomb. Feel like getting one for yourself but not sure about how to wear them? We spoke to stylists and designers and got you five different ways in which you can wear thigh-high boots and also look classy. With skinnies and shirts/tops: Like Sonam Kapoor is wearing here. The actress is seen in a pair of Maison Martin Margiela boots with a cape jacket from Rishta by Arjun Saluja and a long black top. This is the most obvious choice. If you tone down on accessories, you can pass off the look for a casual evening dinner. Or else, pair them with peasant tops and denims for a chic, cowboy vibe. “The boots go very well with skinny jeans. You can couple them with a great coat or jacket,” says designer Salim Asgarally. With a shirt dress: Katrina Kaif wore them with a monochrome striped shirt dress from McQ by Alexander McQueen. A pair of shorts, belts (to add some structure) and hair kept open gave her a breezy, casual look, keeping the focus on the boots. With LBDs: Like Molly King. She wore a tiny LBD with a plunging neckline and thigh-high boots at a bash. “Over-the-knee boots look really nice if you show some skin,” says stylist Aaditya Walia. This is the perfect party look. Go easy on the makeup though and add a sequinned clutch. With just a long tee: Deepika Padukone wore her thigh-high boots with a black ripped vest top from Deme by Gabriella and threw on a metallic silver jacket. You can convert this to a day look by wearing a more subtle jacket. With a trench: Like Kim Kardashian. She dressed in Balenciaga from head to toe at the Paris Fashion Week in a belted trench and a pair of bondage style leather boots. Wear it with a choker and add a cami inside if you are not comfortable with showing so much skin.Photographs: Instagram/Shaleen Nathani; Getty Images The biggest fashion extravaganza of the country entered its day 2 with great aplomb. Here's a look at some of the highlights of the day. Ashish N Soni: The designer looked back at the 25 glorious years he's spent in the industry at this year's AIFW. His collection focused on a subdued colour palette, with the collection predominantly in shades of black and white, the designer followed a largely monochrome look. Grey was also one of the key shades that featured in the collection. The cherry on the cake was polo player Samir Suhag, who stopped the show for the designer. Rajesh Pratap Singh:In sync with Ashish N Soni's collection, with whom he shared the stage, Rajesh Pratap Singh went the monochrome way using a lot of patterns like checks, polka dots and stripes in his asymmetrical collection. Anavila: Anavila brought the sari brigade back to the ramp and she did it so gracefully! White being the most predominant shade, clubbed with kolhapuris and stylish top blouses, the collection was one of the best showcased on Day 2 of AIFW. Virtues by Viral, Ashish and Vikrant: Singer Sona Mohapatra turned muse for the designer trio, as she sashayed down the ramp humming the lines of her biggest hits. Sona donned a bright orange layered pleated dress made of natural dye. Airport style has recently gained momentum, thanks to the growing paparazzi culture. Every celebrity has a distinctive travel style, but there’s a common love shared for the closet staple kurta. Instead of flexing their sartorial muscles in high-end, street-style brands, the leading ladies have chosen the simple kurta as their favourite. Of course, they amp it up with their Hermès Birkin and Gucci sunglasses, but the dainty kurta sets still takes the centre stage. While Deepika Padukone prefers her kurtas to be form-fitted in bright, jewel tones, Kareena Kapoor is a fan of over-sized kurtas in neutral shades. Scroll down for our edit of all the celebrity-approved kurtas you can incorporate in your travel style.  Kareena Kapoor Khan Setting unconventional fashion norms comes naturally to Kareena Kapoor Khan. Case in point, seen here in an olive-green kurta set, teamed with a leather jacket and a pair of trendy kicks, a look only she can pull.For another run to the airport, this time with her family, Kareena Kapoor Khan chose a mustard yellow kurta teamed with off-white flared pants, and tiny round sunglasses.  Deepika Padukone Deepika Padukone was recently seen at the airport in a fuchsia pink, embroidered kurta set by Lajjoo C. The actor styled her traditional ensemble with a pair of juttis and an ox-blood coloured bag.  Sara Ali Khan Sara Ali Khan’s choice of kurta set is an all-white ensemble with multi-coloured stripe detail. If a plain white kurta to the airport is too simple for you, try this upgraded version. Kangana Rananut A true advocate of all things classic, Kangana Rananut’s traditional style at the airport is understated and elegant. Pictured here in a muted beige, minimally embroidered kurta set, teamed with a nude bag and statement sunglasses.					Fall trends are officially making their way to your wardrobe! If you’re a fan of all things sassy, you’re going to love the idea of wearing your pantsuit with a bralette. Power suit, but make it sexy. Give your boardroom style a feminine touch by teaming it a dainty bralette, just like these leading actors did. While Katrina Kaif layered her embellished pantsuit on a delicate lace bra, Sonakshi Sinha and Jacqueline Fernandez opted for monotone pantsuits and bralette combinations. Putting their envy-inducing abs on display. Scroll down to find all the different ways in which the celebrities have styled their pantsuits with a sleek bralette. Bhumi PednekarBhumi Pednekar styled her shimmering, sequined suit with a barely-there embellished bra. Making a solid case for balanced opulent dressing. Ileana D’CruzIleana D’Cruz teamed her powder pink pantsuit with a textured bra, breaking the monotony of a plain old suit. Jacqueline FernandezJacqueline Fernandez chose a sunshine yellow suit and bralette, all in the same hue. Giving a lesson on how to work this trend in monotone. Sonakshi SinhaSonakshi Sinha gave her checkered suit a modern spin by layering it over a solid coloured bralette instead of a regular shirt.Sonakshi Sinha put her rock-solid abs on display in this over-sized, powder blue pantsuit, which she styled with a sports bra in a twin shade. Demonstrated the sporty-chic way of wearing the pantsuit with a bralette trend. Katrina KaifKatrina Kaif wore her silver, sequined pantsuit with a lacey bra, showcasing how to work two contrasting elements in the same ensemble.					Airport style has recently gained momentum, thanks to the growing paparazzi culture. Every celebrity has a distinctive travel style, but there’s a common love shared for the closet staple kurta. Instead of flexing their sartorial muscles in high-end, street-style brands, the leading ladies have chosen the simple kurta as their favourite. Of course, they amp it up with their Hermès Birkin and Gucci sunglasses, but the dainty kurta sets still takes the centre stage. While Deepika Padukone prefers her kurtas to be form-fitted in bright, jewel tones, Kareena Kapoor is a fan of over-sized kurtas in neutral shades. Scroll down for our edit of all the celebrity-approved kurtas you can incorporate in your travel style.  Kareena Kapoor Khan Setting unconventional fashion norms comes naturally to Kareena Kapoor Khan. Case in point, seen here in an olive-green kurta set, teamed with a leather jacket and a pair of trendy kicks, a look only she can pull.For another run to the airport, this time with her family, Kareena Kapoor Khan chose a mustard yellow kurta teamed with off-white flared pants, and tiny round sunglasses.  Deepika Padukone Deepika Padukone was recently seen at the airport in a fuchsia pink, embroidered kurta set by Lajjoo C. The actor styled her traditional ensemble with a pair of juttis and an ox-blood coloured bag.  Sara Ali Khan Sara Ali Khan’s choice of kurta set is an all-white ensemble with multi-coloured stripe detail. If a plain white kurta to the airport is too simple for you, try this upgraded version. Kangana Rananut A true advocate of all things classic, Kangana Rananut’s traditional style at the airport is understated and elegant. Pictured here in a muted beige, minimally embroidered kurta set, teamed with a nude bag and statement sunglasses.					Airport style has recently gained momentum, thanks to the growing paparazzi culture. Every celebrity has a distinctive travel style, but there’s a common love shared for the closet staple kurta. Instead of flexing their sartorial muscles in high-end, street-style brands, the leading ladies have chosen the simple kurta as their favourite. Of course, they amp it up with their Hermès Birkin and Gucci sunglasses, but the dainty kurta sets still takes the centre stage. While Deepika Padukone prefers her kurtas to be form-fitted in bright, jewel tones, Kareena Kapoor is a fan of over-sized kurtas in neutral shades. Scroll down for our edit of all the celebrity-approved kurtas you can incorporate in your travel style.  Kareena Kapoor Khan Setting unconventional fashion norms comes naturally to Kareena Kapoor Khan. Case in point, seen here in an olive-green kurta set, teamed with a leather jacket and a pair of trendy kicks, a look only she can pull.For another run to the airport, this time with her family, Kareena Kapoor Khan chose a mustard yellow kurta teamed with off-white flared pants, and tiny round sunglasses.  Deepika Padukone Deepika Padukone was recently seen at the airport in a fuchsia pink, embroidered kurta set by Lajjoo C. The actor styled her traditional ensemble with a pair of juttis and an ox-blood coloured bag.  Sara Ali Khan Sara Ali Khan’s choice of kurta set is an all-white ensemble with multi-coloured stripe detail. If a plain white kurta to the airport is too simple for you, try this upgraded version. Kangana Rananut A true advocate of all things classic, Kangana Rananut’s traditional style at the airport is understated and elegant. Pictured here in a muted beige, minimally embroidered kurta set, teamed with a nude bag and statement sunglasses.					Fall trends are officially making their way to your wardrobe! If you’re a fan of all things sassy, you’re going to love the idea of wearing your pantsuit with a bralette. Power suit, but make it sexy. Give your boardroom style a feminine touch by teaming it a dainty bralette, just like these leading actors did. While Katrina Kaif layered her embellished pantsuit on a delicate lace bra, Sonakshi Sinha and Jacqueline Fernandez opted for monotone pantsuits and bralette combinations. Putting their envy-inducing abs on display. Scroll down to find all the different ways in which the celebrities have styled their pantsuits with a sleek bralette. Bhumi PednekarBhumi Pednekar styled her shimmering, sequined suit with a barely-there embellished bra. Making a solid case for balanced opulent dressing. Ileana D’CruzIleana D’Cruz teamed her powder pink pantsuit with a textured bra, breaking the monotony of a plain old suit. Jacqueline FernandezJacqueline Fernandez chose a sunshine yellow suit and bralette, all in the same hue. Giving a lesson on how to work this trend in monotone. Sonakshi SinhaSonakshi Sinha gave her checkered suit a modern spin by layering it over a solid coloured bralette instead of a regular shirt.Sonakshi Sinha put her rock-solid abs on display in this over-sized, powder blue pantsuit, which she styled with a sports bra in a twin shade. Demonstrated the sporty-chic way of wearing the pantsuit with a bralette trend. Katrina KaifKatrina Kaif wore her silver, sequined pantsuit with a lacey bra, showcasing how to work two contrasting elements in the same ensemble.					Fall trends are officially making their way to your wardrobe! If you’re a fan of all things sassy, you’re going to love the idea of wearing your pantsuit with a bralette. Power suit, but make it sexy. Give your boardroom style a feminine touch by teaming it a dainty bralette, just like these leading actors did. While Katrina Kaif layered her embellished pantsuit on a delicate lace bra, Sonakshi Sinha and Jacqueline Fernandez opted for monotone pantsuits and bralette combinations. Putting their envy-inducing abs on display. Scroll down to find all the different ways in which the celebrities have styled their pantsuits with a sleek bralette. Bhumi PednekarBhumi Pednekar styled her shimmering, sequined suit with a barely-there embellished bra. Making a solid case for balanced opulent dressing. Ileana D’CruzIleana D’Cruz teamed her powder pink pantsuit with a textured bra, breaking the monotony of a plain old suit. Jacqueline FernandezJacqueline Fernandez chose a sunshine yellow suit and bralette, all in the same hue. Giving a lesson on how to work this trend in monotone. Sonakshi SinhaSonakshi Sinha gave her checkered suit a modern spin by layering it over a solid coloured bralette instead of a regular shirt.Sonakshi Sinha put her rock-solid abs on display in this over-sized, powder blue pantsuit, which she styled with a sports bra in a twin shade. Demonstrated the sporty-chic way of wearing the pantsuit with a bralette trend. Katrina KaifKatrina Kaif wore her silver, sequined pantsuit with a lacey bra, showcasing how to work two contrasting elements in the same ensemble.					Colour blocking is a versatile trend that is no longer restricted to just mixing two colours in an outfit. You can colour-block your look by teaming separates in two different hues or by teaming a singular-toned outfit with a contrasting coloured accessory or shoes. Bring out some bold hues and style them together like Alia Bhatt did; or break the monotony of solid black outfit with a dash of colour like Kareena Kapoor Khan. For those who aren’t a fan of busy prints and multiple elements, this trend is a perfect pick. Here’s our edit of all the celebrity-approved ways to flaunt the colour-block trend in style  Kareena Kapoor KhanEver thought two bright tones cannot work together? Take a cue from Kareena Kapoor Khan. The actor styled her aqua-blue bodysuit with a neon green, sequined, pencil skirt. Neutralising the look further with a pair of transparent, strappy heel.  Kriti SanonKriti Sanon effortlessly worked this form-fitting colour-blocked gown. She kept the rest of her look minimal with a pair of dainty, hoop earrings, and centre-parted hair.  Aditi Rao Hydari Aditi Rao Hydari demonstrated a distinctive of wearing the power suit. She opted for an ox-blood and burnt orange asymmetrical pantsuit, which she styled with a traditional choker.  Tara SutariTara Sutaria broke the monotony of her black and white outfit by teaming it with a bright neon skirt, another way of working the colour-block trend.  Athiya ShettyAthiya Shetty opted for a contrasting gown in lime green and beige, working two contradicting hues in the same outfit.  Alia BhattInstead of infusing multiple colours in the same outfit, Alia Bhatt chose contrasting separates in two bright hues, an innovative way of sporting the colour-block trend.					The sporty-chic dress trend is a cheat sheet for those who like to appear stylish without compromising on functionality. Sporty dresses don’t necessarily have to be made from active-wear material, all it needs to be is comfortable with an athletic feel to it. Sartorial expert Sonam Kapoor Ahuja wore a mustard yellow, pocketed dress, with stripe detail, teamed with a pair of funky dad-sneakers, adding to the sporty vibe. On the other hand, Ananya Panday demonstrated a different way of wearing the trend by opting for a crayon blue, wrap dress by Balenciaga and teamed it with a pair of strappy heels. Here’s our edit of all the different ways in which you can sport the trend.  Kriti SanonKriti Sanon styled her geometrically-patterned, hoodie-dress with a pair of white sneakers, showing you how to upgrade your travel style.  Kareena Kapoor Khan Kareena Kapoor Khan wore a beige and bottle green coloured, pocketed dress with centre zip detail. Giving the sporty dress trend an unusual spin.  Sonakshi SinhaSonakshi Sinha layered her royal blue, dual-slit, fitted dress with an oversized, monochrome, printed jacket, elevating the glamour quotient of the look. Vaani KapoorVaani Kapoor styled her neon short dress with a monotoned jacket, demonstrating a different way of working the sporty dress trend.  Sonam Kapoor AhujaThe actor gave her regular look a sporty upgrade by teaming her midnight blue, pleated dress with a bright red sweater from Bhaane’s latest collection. Sonam further dialled it up a notch by wearing statement silver jewellery with an athletic look.					Colour blocking is a versatile trend that is no longer restricted to just mixing two colours in an outfit. You can colour-block your look by teaming separates in two different hues or by teaming a singular-toned outfit with a contrasting coloured accessory or shoes. Bring out some bold hues and style them together like Alia Bhatt did; or break the monotony of solid black outfit with a dash of colour like Kareena Kapoor Khan. For those who aren’t a fan of busy prints and multiple elements, this trend is a perfect pick. Here’s our edit of all the celebrity-approved ways to flaunt the colour-block trend in style  Kareena Kapoor KhanEver thought two bright tones cannot work together? Take a cue from Kareena Kapoor Khan. The actor styled her aqua-blue bodysuit with a neon green, sequined, pencil skirt. Neutralising the look further with a pair of transparent, strappy heel.  Kriti SanonKriti Sanon effortlessly worked this form-fitting colour-blocked gown. She kept the rest of her look minimal with a pair of dainty, hoop earrings, and centre-parted hair.  Aditi Rao Hydari Aditi Rao Hydari demonstrated a distinctive of wearing the power suit. She opted for an ox-blood and burnt orange asymmetrical pantsuit, which she styled with a traditional choker.  Tara SutariTara Sutaria broke the monotony of her black and white outfit by teaming it with a bright neon skirt, another way of working the colour-block trend.  Athiya ShettyAthiya Shetty opted for a contrasting gown in lime green and beige, working two contradicting hues in the same outfit.  Alia BhattInstead of infusing multiple colours in the same outfit, Alia Bhatt chose contrasting separates in two bright hues, an innovative way of sporting the colour-block trend.					Colour blocking is a versatile trend that is no longer restricted to just mixing two colours in an outfit. You can colour-block your look by teaming separates in two different hues or by teaming a singular-toned outfit with a contrasting coloured accessory or shoes. Bring out some bold hues and style them together like Alia Bhatt did; or break the monotony of solid black outfit with a dash of colour like Kareena Kapoor Khan. For those who aren’t a fan of busy prints and multiple elements, this trend is a perfect pick. Here’s our edit of all the celebrity-approved ways to flaunt the colour-block trend in style  Kareena Kapoor KhanEver thought two bright tones cannot work together? Take a cue from Kareena Kapoor Khan. The actor styled her aqua-blue bodysuit with a neon green, sequined, pencil skirt. Neutralising the look further with a pair of transparent, strappy heel.  Kriti SanonKriti Sanon effortlessly worked this form-fitting colour-blocked gown. She kept the rest of her look minimal with a pair of dainty, hoop earrings, and centre-parted hair.  Aditi Rao Hydari Aditi Rao Hydari demonstrated a distinctive of wearing the power suit. She opted for an ox-blood and burnt orange asymmetrical pantsuit, which she styled with a traditional choker.  Tara SutariTara Sutaria broke the monotony of her black and white outfit by teaming it with a bright neon skirt, another way of working the colour-block trend.  Athiya ShettyAthiya Shetty opted for a contrasting gown in lime green and beige, working two contradicting hues in the same outfit.  Alia BhattInstead of infusing multiple colours in the same outfit, Alia Bhatt chose contrasting separates in two bright hues, an innovative way of sporting the colour-block trend.					The sporty-chic dress trend is a cheat sheet for those who like to appear stylish without compromising on functionality. Sporty dresses don’t necessarily have to be made from active-wear material, all it needs to be is comfortable with an athletic feel to it. Sartorial expert Sonam Kapoor Ahuja wore a mustard yellow, pocketed dress, with stripe detail, teamed with a pair of funky dad-sneakers, adding to the sporty vibe. On the other hand, Ananya Panday demonstrated a different way of wearing the trend by opting for a crayon blue, wrap dress by Balenciaga and teamed it with a pair of strappy heels. Here’s our edit of all the different ways in which you can sport the trend.  Kriti SanonKriti Sanon styled her geometrically-patterned, hoodie-dress with a pair of white sneakers, showing you how to upgrade your travel style.  Kareena Kapoor Khan Kareena Kapoor Khan wore a beige and bottle green coloured, pocketed dress with centre zip detail. Giving the sporty dress trend an unusual spin.  Sonakshi SinhaSonakshi Sinha layered her royal blue, dual-slit, fitted dress with an oversized, monochrome, printed jacket, elevating the glamour quotient of the look. Vaani KapoorVaani Kapoor styled her neon short dress with a monotoned jacket, demonstrating a different way of working the sporty dress trend.  Sonam Kapoor AhujaThe actor gave her regular look a sporty upgrade by teaming her midnight blue, pleated dress with a bright red sweater from Bhaane’s latest collection. Sonam further dialled it up a notch by wearing statement silver jewellery with an athletic look.					The sporty-chic dress trend is a cheat sheet for those who like to appear stylish without compromising on functionality. Sporty dresses don’t necessarily have to be made from active-wear material, all it needs to be is comfortable with an athletic feel to it. Sartorial expert Sonam Kapoor Ahuja wore a mustard yellow, pocketed dress, with stripe detail, teamed with a pair of funky dad-sneakers, adding to the sporty vibe. On the other hand, Ananya Panday demonstrated a different way of wearing the trend by opting for a crayon blue, wrap dress by Balenciaga and teamed it with a pair of strappy heels. Here’s our edit of all the different ways in which you can sport the trend.  Kriti SanonKriti Sanon styled her geometrically-patterned, hoodie-dress with a pair of white sneakers, showing you how to upgrade your travel style.  Kareena Kapoor Khan Kareena Kapoor Khan wore a beige and bottle green coloured, pocketed dress with centre zip detail. Giving the sporty dress trend an unusual spin.  Sonakshi SinhaSonakshi Sinha layered her royal blue, dual-slit, fitted dress with an oversized, monochrome, printed jacket, elevating the glamour quotient of the look. Vaani KapoorVaani Kapoor styled her neon short dress with a monotoned jacket, demonstrating a different way of working the sporty dress trend.  Sonam Kapoor AhujaThe actor gave her regular look a sporty upgrade by teaming her midnight blue, pleated dress with a bright red sweater from Bhaane’s latest collection. Sonam further dialled it up a notch by wearing statement silver jewellery with an athletic look.					There are risqué trends, and then there is the cut-out dress trend. The peek-a-boo skin-show moment has an understated appeal to it. There are multiple ways in which you can wear the cut-out dress. The geometrical shape can be carved out from the centre, showing your toned midriff or from the sides and the back, accentuating your curves. Recently, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen in a lemon yellow, diamond-shaped, midriff cut-out dress by Dion Lee, at the trailer launch of her movie. The actor teamed the dress with a pair of strappy heels, dainty earrings and hexagon-shaped glasses. You can easily replicate this look at your next Sunday brunch with the girls. Scroll down to view all the celebrity-approved ways of wearing a cut-out dress.  Nushrat Bharucha Nushrat Bharucha styled this metallic, side cut-out dress by Rohit Gandhi and Rahul Khanna with a pair of high heels and pushed-back sleek hair. A party look you can easily imitate.  Janhvi KapoorJanhvi Kapoor raised the heat in this multiple cut-out, asymmetrical Basil Soda gown. The young actor complemented the ensemble with a pair of statement Sophie Webster heels and a stark red mouth. Pooja HegdePooja Hegde broke the solid colour monotony of this bright-coloured yellow dress with a pair of aqua-hued earrings. A smart styling hack you can incorporate in your next look.  Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor effortlessly worked the monochromatic, sequined, side cut-out dress by Prabal Gurung. The actor kept the rest of her look simple with a sleek ponytail, drop earrings and a hint of glitter on the lids. If less is more is your vibe, this look is tailor-made for you. Kiara AdvaniKiara Advani looked like a vision in this double textured, side cut-out dress. If you want to give the sequin and bright colour combination a rest, you can opt for this minimal-chic outfit by Prabal Gurung.					The big, puffy tulle gowns, with a Carrie Bradshaw stamp of approval, are having a major moment in fashion right now. With the recent resurgence of maximalism, celebrities are pulling all the stops with these candy-floss resembling couture gowns.Deepika Padukone has championed the art of wearing the voluminous gowns and has demonstrated different ways to work it on the red carpet. She recently wore a ballet-pink and black, off-shouldered tulle gown by Giambattista Valli at the closing ceremony of a film festival. The actor kept the rest of her look minimal with dainty jewellery and dewy makeup. Contradicting her classic-chic look, was Malaika Arora, who stepped out looking like a fiery goddess in an asymmetrical, scarlet gown by the same designer. She elevated her look with layered pearl necklaces, shimmering eyelids and a stark red mouth. Here’s a round-up of all the different ways in which celebrities have demonstrated this trend. Deepika PadukoneDeepika Padukone’s love affair with fluffy, capacious gowns goes way back. The actor decoded this tried-and-tested formula on the Cannes runway two years ago and has showcased multiple ways of wearing the large couture ensembles ever since. Priyanka Chopra JonasPriyanka Chopra Jonas made her Cannes red carpet debut this year. For one of her appearances with her husband Nick Jonas, she opted for a pristine white, multi-layered, Georges Hobeika gown. Chopra Jonas punctuated her look with a dainty diamond necklace, pulled back sleek hair and her signature warm-toned makeup. Sonam Kapoor AhujaWhen it comes to defying the fashion norms, nobody does it quite like Sonam Kapoor Ahuja. The sartorial expert gave the big tulle gown trend her own spin in this raven black, pre-stitched, gown-sari by Shehlaa Khan, detailed with exaggerated sleeves. She dialled it up a notch by teaming it up with a veiled fascinator by Philip Treacy. Aishwarya Rai BachchanAishwarya Rai Bachchan took the red-carpet game to a whole another level with this extravagant, feather detailed, Ashi-studio tulle gown. The actor who is a regular at Cannes Film festival has upscaled the bar for her contemporaries. Sara Ali KhanShe may be new to the world of Bollywood but isn’t a rookie when it comes to fashion. Sara Ali Khan looked like a vision in this 3D dimensional, tulle gown by Gaurav Gupta for a recently held award function.					There are risqué trends, and then there is the cut-out dress trend. The peek-a-boo skin-show moment has an understated appeal to it. There are multiple ways in which you can wear the cut-out dress. The geometrical shape can be carved out from the centre, showing your toned midriff or from the sides and the back, accentuating your curves. Recently, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen in a lemon yellow, diamond-shaped, midriff cut-out dress by Dion Lee, at the trailer launch of her movie. The actor teamed the dress with a pair of strappy heels, dainty earrings and hexagon-shaped glasses. You can easily replicate this look at your next Sunday brunch with the girls. Scroll down to view all the celebrity-approved ways of wearing a cut-out dress.  Nushrat Bharucha Nushrat Bharucha styled this metallic, side cut-out dress by Rohit Gandhi and Rahul Khanna with a pair of high heels and pushed-back sleek hair. A party look you can easily imitate.  Janhvi KapoorJanhvi Kapoor raised the heat in this multiple cut-out, asymmetrical Basil Soda gown. The young actor complemented the ensemble with a pair of statement Sophie Webster heels and a stark red mouth. Pooja HegdePooja Hegde broke the solid colour monotony of this bright-coloured yellow dress with a pair of aqua-hued earrings. A smart styling hack you can incorporate in your next look.  Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor effortlessly worked the monochromatic, sequined, side cut-out dress by Prabal Gurung. The actor kept the rest of her look simple with a sleek ponytail, drop earrings and a hint of glitter on the lids. If less is more is your vibe, this look is tailor-made for you. Kiara AdvaniKiara Advani looked like a vision in this double textured, side cut-out dress. If you want to give the sequin and bright colour combination a rest, you can opt for this minimal-chic outfit by Prabal Gurung.					There are risqué trends, and then there is the cut-out dress trend. The peek-a-boo skin-show moment has an understated appeal to it. There are multiple ways in which you can wear the cut-out dress. The geometrical shape can be carved out from the centre, showing your toned midriff or from the sides and the back, accentuating your curves. Recently, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen in a lemon yellow, diamond-shaped, midriff cut-out dress by Dion Lee, at the trailer launch of her movie. The actor teamed the dress with a pair of strappy heels, dainty earrings and hexagon-shaped glasses. You can easily replicate this look at your next Sunday brunch with the girls. Scroll down to view all the celebrity-approved ways of wearing a cut-out dress.  Nushrat Bharucha Nushrat Bharucha styled this metallic, side cut-out dress by Rohit Gandhi and Rahul Khanna with a pair of high heels and pushed-back sleek hair. A party look you can easily imitate.  Janhvi KapoorJanhvi Kapoor raised the heat in this multiple cut-out, asymmetrical Basil Soda gown. The young actor complemented the ensemble with a pair of statement Sophie Webster heels and a stark red mouth. Pooja HegdePooja Hegde broke the solid colour monotony of this bright-coloured yellow dress with a pair of aqua-hued earrings. A smart styling hack you can incorporate in your next look.  Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor effortlessly worked the monochromatic, sequined, side cut-out dress by Prabal Gurung. The actor kept the rest of her look simple with a sleek ponytail, drop earrings and a hint of glitter on the lids. If less is more is your vibe, this look is tailor-made for you. Kiara AdvaniKiara Advani looked like a vision in this double textured, side cut-out dress. If you want to give the sequin and bright colour combination a rest, you can opt for this minimal-chic outfit by Prabal Gurung.					The big, puffy tulle gowns, with a Carrie Bradshaw stamp of approval, are having a major moment in fashion right now. With the recent resurgence of maximalism, celebrities are pulling all the stops with these candy-floss resembling couture gowns.Deepika Padukone has championed the art of wearing the voluminous gowns and has demonstrated different ways to work it on the red carpet. She recently wore a ballet-pink and black, off-shouldered tulle gown by Giambattista Valli at the closing ceremony of a film festival. The actor kept the rest of her look minimal with dainty jewellery and dewy makeup. Contradicting her classic-chic look, was Malaika Arora, who stepped out looking like a fiery goddess in an asymmetrical, scarlet gown by the same designer. She elevated her look with layered pearl necklaces, shimmering eyelids and a stark red mouth. Here’s a round-up of all the different ways in which celebrities have demonstrated this trend. Deepika PadukoneDeepika Padukone’s love affair with fluffy, capacious gowns goes way back. The actor decoded this tried-and-tested formula on the Cannes runway two years ago and has showcased multiple ways of wearing the large couture ensembles ever since. Priyanka Chopra JonasPriyanka Chopra Jonas made her Cannes red carpet debut this year. For one of her appearances with her husband Nick Jonas, she opted for a pristine white, multi-layered, Georges Hobeika gown. Chopra Jonas punctuated her look with a dainty diamond necklace, pulled back sleek hair and her signature warm-toned makeup. Sonam Kapoor AhujaWhen it comes to defying the fashion norms, nobody does it quite like Sonam Kapoor Ahuja. The sartorial expert gave the big tulle gown trend her own spin in this raven black, pre-stitched, gown-sari by Shehlaa Khan, detailed with exaggerated sleeves. She dialled it up a notch by teaming it up with a veiled fascinator by Philip Treacy. Aishwarya Rai BachchanAishwarya Rai Bachchan took the red-carpet game to a whole another level with this extravagant, feather detailed, Ashi-studio tulle gown. The actor who is a regular at Cannes Film festival has upscaled the bar for her contemporaries. Sara Ali KhanShe may be new to the world of Bollywood but isn’t a rookie when it comes to fashion. Sara Ali Khan looked like a vision in this 3D dimensional, tulle gown by Gaurav Gupta for a recently held award function.					The big, puffy tulle gowns, with a Carrie Bradshaw stamp of approval, are having a major moment in fashion right now. With the recent resurgence of maximalism, celebrities are pulling all the stops with these candy-floss resembling couture gowns.Deepika Padukone has championed the art of wearing the voluminous gowns and has demonstrated different ways to work it on the red carpet. She recently wore a ballet-pink and black, off-shouldered tulle gown by Giambattista Valli at the closing ceremony of a film festival. The actor kept the rest of her look minimal with dainty jewellery and dewy makeup. Contradicting her classic-chic look, was Malaika Arora, who stepped out looking like a fiery goddess in an asymmetrical, scarlet gown by the same designer. She elevated her look with layered pearl necklaces, shimmering eyelids and a stark red mouth. Here’s a round-up of all the different ways in which celebrities have demonstrated this trend. Deepika PadukoneDeepika Padukone’s love affair with fluffy, capacious gowns goes way back. The actor decoded this tried-and-tested formula on the Cannes runway two years ago and has showcased multiple ways of wearing the large couture ensembles ever since. Priyanka Chopra JonasPriyanka Chopra Jonas made her Cannes red carpet debut this year. For one of her appearances with her husband Nick Jonas, she opted for a pristine white, multi-layered, Georges Hobeika gown. Chopra Jonas punctuated her look with a dainty diamond necklace, pulled back sleek hair and her signature warm-toned makeup. Sonam Kapoor AhujaWhen it comes to defying the fashion norms, nobody does it quite like Sonam Kapoor Ahuja. The sartorial expert gave the big tulle gown trend her own spin in this raven black, pre-stitched, gown-sari by Shehlaa Khan, detailed with exaggerated sleeves. She dialled it up a notch by teaming it up with a veiled fascinator by Philip Treacy. Aishwarya Rai BachchanAishwarya Rai Bachchan took the red-carpet game to a whole another level with this extravagant, feather detailed, Ashi-studio tulle gown. The actor who is a regular at Cannes Film festival has upscaled the bar for her contemporaries. Sara Ali KhanShe may be new to the world of Bollywood but isn’t a rookie when it comes to fashion. Sara Ali Khan looked like a vision in this 3D dimensional, tulle gown by Gaurav Gupta for a recently held award function.					There is a nip in the air and the weather is finally getting pleasant. Although we do not get to enjoy the perks of a full-blown winter just yet, we can still relish the season with an upgraded wardrobe. A fail-safe trend you can bet on is the shirt dress, it’s cosy, comfortable and ultra-stylish. It’s basically a shirt sans the pants, but we’re not complaining.You can style it with a broad belt like Sonakshi Sinha, or wear it oversized like Malaika Arora. Layer it with a blazer and you’re boardroom ready, or team it with thigh-high boots for a night on the town. You can also make it your workwear staple like Meghan Markle who is an official fan of the buttoned-down shirt dress trend. We’ve rounded up a list of celebrity-approved shirt dress looks for you to take style inspiration from. Malaika AroraWant to achieve that laid-back, relaxed, chic look? Take cue from Malaika Arora who styled her oversized grey shirt with a pair of fiery red, ankle-length boots. Pooja HegdePooja Hegde upped her street-style game with this metallic blue, striped shirt, which she styled with a Gucci, belt bag and chained sunglasses. You can imitate this look if you want to give your basic shirt dress an upgrade. Sonam Kapoor AhujaSonam Kapoor Ahuja wore this black and white, Cover Story dress, designed by Karl Lagerfeld and teamed it with a pair of sleek, black boots. Demonstrating how to work this trend the old-school, classic way. Karisma KapoorIf the idea of wearing a plain shirt dress to work sounds mundane to you, layer it with a blazer and a pair of cool sneakers, just like Karisma Kapoor did. Shraddha KapoorInstead of digging deep in your closet to find that perfect party dress, borrow a formal shirt from your boyfriend, team it with a wide, waist-clenching belt and you have a winning look on your hands. Deepika PadukoneIf minimalism isn’t your thing and you’re all about those intricate details, opt for this long, form-flattering, knotted shirt dress by Rajesh Pratap. Ditch the jewellery, like Deepika Padukone, and allow the dress to take the centre stage. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon kept this day look fuss-free in an emerald green, shirt dress by Nupur Kanoi and styled it with a pair of closed-toe heels and geometrical earrings by Azotiique. Kriti KharbandaKriti Kharbanda was seen working the trend in this printed shirt dress and kept the rest of the look clean with just a high top-knot.   The most recurring sari during the festive season was the sequin laden six yards by Manish Malhotra, another innovative rendition of the classic silhouette by the couturier. The shimmer sari has become a go-to sartorial choice for almost every leading lady in Bollywood. The latest addition to the list is Bhumi Pednekar who opted for an off-white sequin sari, and teamed it with a dainty velvet blouse during her movie promotion. While Bhumi went for a classic-chic look, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen sporting a rose-pink sequin sari with a barely-there blouse. Kapoor Khan punctuated the risqué look with a layered diamond necklace and her signature makeup. Here’s our edit of all the versatile ways in which you can work this trend. Bhumi PednekarBhumi Pednekar is all about the less is more formula, seen here in an antique white, sequin sari and blouse, sans the jewellery. Tara Sutaria  The young and vivacious Tara Sutaria stepped out in a smoke grey, sequin sari and blouse combination for the recent Diwali festivities. To do justice to this all-embellished ensemble, Tara swapped heavy statement jewellery for a dainty layered necklace and complemented it with soft and peachy makeup. Natasha PoonawallaThe all-time advocate of all things extra, Natasha Poonawalla pulled all stops with this sage green sequin sari and styled it with an emerald green necklace, suitable for a Maharani. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon’s take on the trend was a little different from her contemporaries. She styled her shimmering sari with a strappy, backless blouse, chandelier earrings, deep smokey eyes and Mogra bearing low bun. Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor in a sequined black sari is a vision to behold. The actress paired her sari with a cutout blouse and kept the rest of her look minimal, keeping the entire focus on the traffic-stopping silhouette.  There is a nip in the air and the weather is finally getting pleasant. Although we do not get to enjoy the perks of a full-blown winter just yet, we can still relish the season with an upgraded wardrobe. A fail-safe trend you can bet on is the shirt dress, it’s cosy, comfortable and ultra-stylish. It’s basically a shirt sans the pants, but we’re not complaining.You can style it with a broad belt like Sonakshi Sinha, or wear it oversized like Malaika Arora. Layer it with a blazer and you’re boardroom ready, or team it with thigh-high boots for a night on the town. You can also make it your workwear staple like Meghan Markle who is an official fan of the buttoned-down shirt dress trend. We’ve rounded up a list of celebrity-approved shirt dress looks for you to take style inspiration from. Malaika AroraWant to achieve that laid-back, relaxed, chic look? Take cue from Malaika Arora who styled her oversized grey shirt with a pair of fiery red, ankle-length boots. Pooja HegdePooja Hegde upped her street-style game with this metallic blue, striped shirt, which she styled with a Gucci, belt bag and chained sunglasses. You can imitate this look if you want to give your basic shirt dress an upgrade. Sonam Kapoor AhujaSonam Kapoor Ahuja wore this black and white, Cover Story dress, designed by Karl Lagerfeld and teamed it with a pair of sleek, black boots. Demonstrating how to work this trend the old-school, classic way. Karisma KapoorIf the idea of wearing a plain shirt dress to work sounds mundane to you, layer it with a blazer and a pair of cool sneakers, just like Karisma Kapoor did. Shraddha KapoorInstead of digging deep in your closet to find that perfect party dress, borrow a formal shirt from your boyfriend, team it with a wide, waist-clenching belt and you have a winning look on your hands. Deepika PadukoneIf minimalism isn’t your thing and you’re all about those intricate details, opt for this long, form-flattering, knotted shirt dress by Rajesh Pratap. Ditch the jewellery, like Deepika Padukone, and allow the dress to take the centre stage. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon kept this day look fuss-free in an emerald green, shirt dress by Nupur Kanoi and styled it with a pair of closed-toe heels and geometrical earrings by Azotiique. Kriti KharbandaKriti Kharbanda was seen working the trend in this printed shirt dress and kept the rest of the look clean with just a high top-knot.  There is a nip in the air and the weather is finally getting pleasant. Although we do not get to enjoy the perks of a full-blown winter just yet, we can still relish the season with an upgraded wardrobe. A fail-safe trend you can bet on is the shirt dress, it’s cosy, comfortable and ultra-stylish. It’s basically a shirt sans the pants, but we’re not complaining.You can style it with a broad belt like Sonakshi Sinha, or wear it oversized like Malaika Arora. Layer it with a blazer and you’re boardroom ready, or team it with thigh-high boots for a night on the town. You can also make it your workwear staple like Meghan Markle who is an official fan of the buttoned-down shirt dress trend. We’ve rounded up a list of celebrity-approved shirt dress looks for you to take style inspiration from. Malaika AroraWant to achieve that laid-back, relaxed, chic look? Take cue from Malaika Arora who styled her oversized grey shirt with a pair of fiery red, ankle-length boots. Pooja HegdePooja Hegde upped her street-style game with this metallic blue, striped shirt, which she styled with a Gucci, belt bag and chained sunglasses. You can imitate this look if you want to give your basic shirt dress an upgrade. Sonam Kapoor AhujaSonam Kapoor Ahuja wore this black and white, Cover Story dress, designed by Karl Lagerfeld and teamed it with a pair of sleek, black boots. Demonstrating how to work this trend the old-school, classic way. Karisma KapoorIf the idea of wearing a plain shirt dress to work sounds mundane to you, layer it with a blazer and a pair of cool sneakers, just like Karisma Kapoor did. Shraddha KapoorInstead of digging deep in your closet to find that perfect party dress, borrow a formal shirt from your boyfriend, team it with a wide, waist-clenching belt and you have a winning look on your hands. Deepika PadukoneIf minimalism isn’t your thing and you’re all about those intricate details, opt for this long, form-flattering, knotted shirt dress by Rajesh Pratap. Ditch the jewellery, like Deepika Padukone, and allow the dress to take the centre stage. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon kept this day look fuss-free in an emerald green, shirt dress by Nupur Kanoi and styled it with a pair of closed-toe heels and geometrical earrings by Azotiique. Kriti KharbandaKriti Kharbanda was seen working the trend in this printed shirt dress and kept the rest of the look clean with just a high top-knot.   The most recurring sari during the festive season was the sequin laden six yards by Manish Malhotra, another innovative rendition of the classic silhouette by the couturier. The shimmer sari has become a go-to sartorial choice for almost every leading lady in Bollywood. The latest addition to the list is Bhumi Pednekar who opted for an off-white sequin sari, and teamed it with a dainty velvet blouse during her movie promotion. While Bhumi went for a classic-chic look, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen sporting a rose-pink sequin sari with a barely-there blouse. Kapoor Khan punctuated the risqué look with a layered diamond necklace and her signature makeup. Here’s our edit of all the versatile ways in which you can work this trend. Bhumi PednekarBhumi Pednekar is all about the less is more formula, seen here in an antique white, sequin sari and blouse, sans the jewellery. Tara Sutaria  The young and vivacious Tara Sutaria stepped out in a smoke grey, sequin sari and blouse combination for the recent Diwali festivities. To do justice to this all-embellished ensemble, Tara swapped heavy statement jewellery for a dainty layered necklace and complemented it with soft and peachy makeup. Natasha PoonawallaThe all-time advocate of all things extra, Natasha Poonawalla pulled all stops with this sage green sequin sari and styled it with an emerald green necklace, suitable for a Maharani. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon’s take on the trend was a little different from her contemporaries. She styled her shimmering sari with a strappy, backless blouse, chandelier earrings, deep smokey eyes and Mogra bearing low bun. Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor in a sequined black sari is a vision to behold. The actress paired her sari with a cutout blouse and kept the rest of her look minimal, keeping the entire focus on the traffic-stopping silhouette.   The most recurring sari during the festive season was the sequin laden six yards by Manish Malhotra, another innovative rendition of the classic silhouette by the couturier. The shimmer sari has become a go-to sartorial choice for almost every leading lady in Bollywood. The latest addition to the list is Bhumi Pednekar who opted for an off-white sequin sari, and teamed it with a dainty velvet blouse during her movie promotion. While Bhumi went for a classic-chic look, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen sporting a rose-pink sequin sari with a barely-there blouse. Kapoor Khan punctuated the risqué look with a layered diamond necklace and her signature makeup. Here’s our edit of all the versatile ways in which you can work this trend. Bhumi PednekarBhumi Pednekar is all about the less is more formula, seen here in an antique white, sequin sari and blouse, sans the jewellery. Tara Sutaria  The young and vivacious Tara Sutaria stepped out in a smoke grey, sequin sari and blouse combination for the recent Diwali festivities. To do justice to this all-embellished ensemble, Tara swapped heavy statement jewellery for a dainty layered necklace and complemented it with soft and peachy makeup. Natasha PoonawallaThe all-time advocate of all things extra, Natasha Poonawalla pulled all stops with this sage green sequin sari and styled it with an emerald green necklace, suitable for a Maharani. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon’s take on the trend was a little different from her contemporaries. She styled her shimmering sari with a strappy, backless blouse, chandelier earrings, deep smokey eyes and Mogra bearing low bun. Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor in a sequined black sari is a vision to behold. The actress paired her sari with a cutout blouse and kept the rest of her look minimal, keeping the entire focus on the traffic-stopping silhouette.   Checkered pantsuits are having a major moment this season. The recent resurgence of this trend takes you back to school time nostalgia when plaid, tartan and checks dominated your closet. Fast forward to 2019, the checkered suits have now been given a glamorous makeover by the leading ladies of Bollywood. Anushka Sharma bowled everyone over with her boardroom-ready Gucci pantsuit, which she wore on a red carpet for an awards function. Deepika Padukone gave her checkered suit a retro twist, with flared trousers, overlapping jacket and pair of round glasses. Here’s a list of the most recent revivals of trend and how you can incorporate the same in your wardrobe. Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor wore the perfect outfit you need to juggle between work meetings and happy hour. If you want to do the same, opt for this berry-hued, checkered suit by Prabal Gurung and swap the shirt for a black cropped top. Kriti SanonAnother interesting take on the trend was showcased by Kriti Sanon, who wore a white Appapop checkered suit, with an innovative cuff detailed trouser at the airport. To nail the semi-casual look, she styled it with over-sized sunglasses and a pair of white kicks. Sobhita DhulipalaShobita Dhulipala demonstrated a cool new way of mixing and matching different types of checkered prints through her recent look at an awards function. Dhulipala layered the suit on a printed T-shirt and accessorised it with white pumps and cat-eye glasses. Priyanka Chopra JonasPriyanka Chopra Jonas kept it easy chic as she styled her grey checkered suit with a polo neck T-shirt and a pair of clear glasses. An elevated airport look, suitable for the globetrotter. Deepika PadukoneDeepika Padukone could easily pass off as a yesteryear actress in this sage green, checkered pantsuit. The actor further complemented her classic ensemble with round glasses, nude pumps and sleek centre-parted hair.   For some millennials, sari may not be the top thing on their festive wear list, as the idea of draping the six-yards and tripping in it is very real. Here’s the good news, the recent upgrade given to the meticulous silhouette has finally made it functional and gen-next friendly. Props to the modern-day designers for thinking beyond the archetypical version of a sari and serving us with innovative pre-stitched, layered and asymmetrical styles. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja gave it a yesteryear spin by teaming her sari with an open koti blouse, Shilpa Shetty-Kundra opted for a sari-gown, something you can effortlessly slip into. Here’s our edit of all the unconventional ways in which the leading ladies have worn a sari and so can you. Shilpa Shetty KundraShilpa Shetty Kundra flaunted her envious curves in a pink, ruffled sari by Riddhi Mehra and teamed it with a tube blouse, and a belt. A winning look for all those who have killer collar bones and don’t want to hide them under layers. No new sari? No problem. Pull an old sari out of your mother’s closet, drape it the classic way and layer it with a structured long jacket, just like Shilpa Shetty Kundra did with her Angadi heritage sari.  Katrina KaifKatrina Kaif knocked it out of the park with this pastel, belted sari and off-white jacket combination by Anamika Khanna. If you’re looking for an innovative construction with a lot of details, this ensemble is calling out to you. Chitrangda SinghChitrangda Singh raised the heat in this pre-stitched, metallic number by Amit Aggarwal. This is all you need if you’re planning to steal everyone’s thunder this Diwali. Sonam Kapoor AhujaSonam Kapoor Ahuja looked ethereal in this open-Koti, old-school sari by Sabyasachi. For those who are looking to go all retro-chic, you can thank us later. Amplify your cool-girl vibe in this pre-stitched, palazzo sari by Rheson, team it with a pair of combat boots and you’re officially ready to be the fashion rebel you always wanted to be. KajolThe power-house actress seen here in an asymmetrically draped, gold and off-white sari by Tarun Tahiliani. This statement-making look will push you out of your comfort zone and will help you up your sartorial game this Diwali.					 Checkered pantsuits are having a major moment this season. The recent resurgence of this trend takes you back to school time nostalgia when plaid, tartan and checks dominated your closet. Fast forward to 2019, the checkered suits have now been given a glamorous makeover by the leading ladies of Bollywood. Anushka Sharma bowled everyone over with her boardroom-ready Gucci pantsuit, which she wore on a red carpet for an awards function. Deepika Padukone gave her checkered suit a retro twist, with flared trousers, overlapping jacket and pair of round glasses. Here’s a list of the most recent revivals of trend and how you can incorporate the same in your wardrobe. Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor wore the perfect outfit you need to juggle between work meetings and happy hour. If you want to do the same, opt for this berry-hued, checkered suit by Prabal Gurung and swap the shirt for a black cropped top. Kriti SanonAnother interesting take on the trend was showcased by Kriti Sanon, who wore a white Appapop checkered suit, with an innovative cuff detailed trouser at the airport. To nail the semi-casual look, she styled it with over-sized sunglasses and a pair of white kicks. Sobhita DhulipalaShobita Dhulipala demonstrated a cool new way of mixing and matching different types of checkered prints through her recent look at an awards function. Dhulipala layered the suit on a printed T-shirt and accessorised it with white pumps and cat-eye glasses. Priyanka Chopra JonasPriyanka Chopra Jonas kept it easy chic as she styled her grey checkered suit with a polo neck T-shirt and a pair of clear glasses. An elevated airport look, suitable for the globetrotter. Deepika PadukoneDeepika Padukone could easily pass off as a yesteryear actress in this sage green, checkered pantsuit. The actor further complemented her classic ensemble with round glasses, nude pumps and sleek centre-parted hair.    Checkered pantsuits are having a major moment this season. The recent resurgence of this trend takes you back to school time nostalgia when plaid, tartan and checks dominated your closet. Fast forward to 2019, the checkered suits have now been given a glamorous makeover by the leading ladies of Bollywood. Anushka Sharma bowled everyone over with her boardroom-ready Gucci pantsuit, which she wore on a red carpet for an awards function. Deepika Padukone gave her checkered suit a retro twist, with flared trousers, overlapping jacket and pair of round glasses. Here’s a list of the most recent revivals of trend and how you can incorporate the same in your wardrobe. Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor wore the perfect outfit you need to juggle between work meetings and happy hour. If you want to do the same, opt for this berry-hued, checkered suit by Prabal Gurung and swap the shirt for a black cropped top. Kriti SanonAnother interesting take on the trend was showcased by Kriti Sanon, who wore a white Appapop checkered suit, with an innovative cuff detailed trouser at the airport. To nail the semi-casual look, she styled it with over-sized sunglasses and a pair of white kicks. Sobhita DhulipalaShobita Dhulipala demonstrated a cool new way of mixing and matching different types of checkered prints through her recent look at an awards function. Dhulipala layered the suit on a printed T-shirt and accessorised it with white pumps and cat-eye glasses. Priyanka Chopra JonasPriyanka Chopra Jonas kept it easy chic as she styled her grey checkered suit with a polo neck T-shirt and a pair of clear glasses. An elevated airport look, suitable for the globetrotter. Deepika PadukoneDeepika Padukone could easily pass off as a yesteryear actress in this sage green, checkered pantsuit. The actor further complemented her classic ensemble with round glasses, nude pumps and sleek centre-parted hair.   For some millennials, sari may not be the top thing on their festive wear list, as the idea of draping the six-yards and tripping in it is very real. Here’s the good news, the recent upgrade given to the meticulous silhouette has finally made it functional and gen-next friendly. Props to the modern-day designers for thinking beyond the archetypical version of a sari and serving us with innovative pre-stitched, layered and asymmetrical styles. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja gave it a yesteryear spin by teaming her sari with an open koti blouse, Shilpa Shetty-Kundra opted for a sari-gown, something you can effortlessly slip into. Here’s our edit of all the unconventional ways in which the leading ladies have worn a sari and so can you. Shilpa Shetty KundraShilpa Shetty Kundra flaunted her envious curves in a pink, ruffled sari by Riddhi Mehra and teamed it with a tube blouse, and a belt. A winning look for all those who have killer collar bones and don’t want to hide them under layers. No new sari? No problem. Pull an old sari out of your mother’s closet, drape it the classic way and layer it with a structured long jacket, just like Shilpa Shetty Kundra did with her Angadi heritage sari.  Katrina KaifKatrina Kaif knocked it out of the park with this pastel, belted sari and off-white jacket combination by Anamika Khanna. If you’re looking for an innovative construction with a lot of details, this ensemble is calling out to you. Chitrangda SinghChitrangda Singh raised the heat in this pre-stitched, metallic number by Amit Aggarwal. This is all you need if you’re planning to steal everyone’s thunder this Diwali. Sonam Kapoor AhujaSonam Kapoor Ahuja looked ethereal in this open-Koti, old-school sari by Sabyasachi. For those who are looking to go all retro-chic, you can thank us later. Amplify your cool-girl vibe in this pre-stitched, palazzo sari by Rheson, team it with a pair of combat boots and you’re officially ready to be the fashion rebel you always wanted to be. KajolThe power-house actress seen here in an asymmetrically draped, gold and off-white sari by Tarun Tahiliani. This statement-making look will push you out of your comfort zone and will help you up your sartorial game this Diwali.					For some millennials, sari may not be the top thing on their festive wear list, as the idea of draping the six-yards and tripping in it is very real. Here’s the good news, the recent upgrade given to the meticulous silhouette has finally made it functional and gen-next friendly. Props to the modern-day designers for thinking beyond the archetypical version of a sari and serving us with innovative pre-stitched, layered and asymmetrical styles. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja gave it a yesteryear spin by teaming her sari with an open koti blouse, Shilpa Shetty-Kundra opted for a sari-gown, something you can effortlessly slip into. Here’s our edit of all the unconventional ways in which the leading ladies have worn a sari and so can you. Shilpa Shetty KundraShilpa Shetty Kundra flaunted her envious curves in a pink, ruffled sari by Riddhi Mehra and teamed it with a tube blouse, and a belt. A winning look for all those who have killer collar bones and don’t want to hide them under layers. No new sari? No problem. Pull an old sari out of your mother’s closet, drape it the classic way and layer it with a structured long jacket, just like Shilpa Shetty Kundra did with her Angadi heritage sari.  Katrina KaifKatrina Kaif knocked it out of the park with this pastel, belted sari and off-white jacket combination by Anamika Khanna. If you’re looking for an innovative construction with a lot of details, this ensemble is calling out to you. Chitrangda SinghChitrangda Singh raised the heat in this pre-stitched, metallic number by Amit Aggarwal. This is all you need if you’re planning to steal everyone’s thunder this Diwali. Sonam Kapoor AhujaSonam Kapoor Ahuja looked ethereal in this open-Koti, old-school sari by Sabyasachi. For those who are looking to go all retro-chic, you can thank us later. Amplify your cool-girl vibe in this pre-stitched, palazzo sari by Rheson, team it with a pair of combat boots and you’re officially ready to be the fashion rebel you always wanted to be. KajolThe power-house actress seen here in an asymmetrically draped, gold and off-white sari by Tarun Tahiliani. This statement-making look will push you out of your comfort zone and will help you up your sartorial game this Diwali.																		Festive spirit is all about spreading love and happiness. There’s no better time to tell your loved ones that you appreciate everything they do for you. Express your gratefulness with a thoughtful gift that they’ll enjoy and cherish. Here’s a gifting guide with plenty ideas for every woman who holds a special place in your heart. ELEGANCE PERSONIFIED Dainty rings by CaratLane BOHO BABEGlass Sutra’s handmade, bespoke, glass jewellery collection by Gappei PRETTY GIRL SWAGOn-trend sunnies by Vogue Eyewear  Hand-painted, vegan footwear collection by Designer Vedika Merh and CAI FUN AND FOODIE Araku Coffee & Svami’s Ready to Drink Ginger Ale ALL THINGS FANCY Luxury artisanal chocolates and paintings by Muse The Store  MADAME FASHIONISTA Contemporary kurtas by Raisin  Frill sarees by Limerick  MAKEUP MAVEN Mac gifting boxes NATURAL NICHE Forrest Essentials gift box Bellebox from Vanity Wagon					Festive season comes with the added pressure of looking presentable at every event. Besides impressing the long list of relatives and your secret office crush with your sartorial choices, you also need to get some Instagram-worthy shots for the grid. To make all your festive looks distinctive from one another, you need to strategically plan your wardrobe for all the different occasions you've sent an RSVP to.While you can wear a long and flowing Anarkali for a puja, you can dial it up a notch by opting for an elegant sari to the late-night card party. Keep it contemporary for the office party with an angarakha styled kurta, and bring out the big guns (voluminous lehenga) for the main soiree. Here’s our edit of all the celebrity-approved festive ensembles you can take inspiration from. Karisma KapoorBegin your festivities with a relaxed Anarkali in contrasting hues, and look as ethereal as Karisma Kapoor. Shilpa Shetty KundraShilpa Shetty Kundra seen here in a retro, polka-dotted sari teamed with a pussy-bow blouse, a classic look you should recreate for the glamorous card party. Shraddha KapoorShraddha Kapoor looked drop-dead gorgeous in this beige, intricately embroidered, Tarun Tahiliani sharara set. The perfect outfit for all the Diwali luncheons and day-time gatherings with family and friends. Tara SutariaIf you’re looking to make a statement at your office party without going OTT, this unconventional, angarakha dress with an asymmetrical cut is just the silhouette for you. You can give it an ethnic flavour by accessorising it with traditional jewellery, just like Tara Sutaria did. Ananya PandayIt’s the festival of lights, the only occasion where you can look like a disco ball and get away with it. Pull all the stops and go for the extravagant lehenga you were contemplating about. Ananya Panday opted for a gold, mirror work lehenga by Abu Jani-Sandeep Khosla and styled it with a halter neck blouse bearing exaggerated sleeve detail. Talk about going big or going home.																		Festive spirit is all about spreading love and happiness. There’s no better time to tell your loved ones that you appreciate everything they do for you. Express your gratefulness with a thoughtful gift that they’ll enjoy and cherish. Here’s a gifting guide with plenty ideas for every woman who holds a special place in your heart. ELEGANCE PERSONIFIED Dainty rings by CaratLane BOHO BABEGlass Sutra’s handmade, bespoke, glass jewellery collection by Gappei PRETTY GIRL SWAGOn-trend sunnies by Vogue Eyewear  Hand-painted, vegan footwear collection by Designer Vedika Merh and CAI FUN AND FOODIE Araku Coffee & Svami’s Ready to Drink Ginger Ale ALL THINGS FANCY Luxury artisanal chocolates and paintings by Muse The Store  MADAME FASHIONISTA Contemporary kurtas by Raisin  Frill sarees by Limerick  MAKEUP MAVEN Mac gifting boxes NATURAL NICHE Forrest Essentials gift box Bellebox from Vanity Wagon																		Festive spirit is all about spreading love and happiness. There’s no better time to tell your loved ones that you appreciate everything they do for you. Express your gratefulness with a thoughtful gift that they’ll enjoy and cherish. Here’s a gifting guide with plenty ideas for every woman who holds a special place in your heart. ELEGANCE PERSONIFIED Dainty rings by CaratLane BOHO BABEGlass Sutra’s handmade, bespoke, glass jewellery collection by Gappei PRETTY GIRL SWAGOn-trend sunnies by Vogue Eyewear  Hand-painted, vegan footwear collection by Designer Vedika Merh and CAI FUN AND FOODIE Araku Coffee & Svami’s Ready to Drink Ginger Ale ALL THINGS FANCY Luxury artisanal chocolates and paintings by Muse The Store  MADAME FASHIONISTA Contemporary kurtas by Raisin  Frill sarees by Limerick  MAKEUP MAVEN Mac gifting boxes NATURAL NICHE Forrest Essentials gift box Bellebox from Vanity Wagon					Festive season comes with the added pressure of looking presentable at every event. Besides impressing the long list of relatives and your secret office crush with your sartorial choices, you also need to get some Instagram-worthy shots for the grid. To make all your festive looks distinctive from one another, you need to strategically plan your wardrobe for all the different occasions you've sent an RSVP to.While you can wear a long and flowing Anarkali for a puja, you can dial it up a notch by opting for an elegant sari to the late-night card party. Keep it contemporary for the office party with an angarakha styled kurta, and bring out the big guns (voluminous lehenga) for the main soiree. Here’s our edit of all the celebrity-approved festive ensembles you can take inspiration from. Karisma KapoorBegin your festivities with a relaxed Anarkali in contrasting hues, and look as ethereal as Karisma Kapoor. Shilpa Shetty KundraShilpa Shetty Kundra seen here in a retro, polka-dotted sari teamed with a pussy-bow blouse, a classic look you should recreate for the glamorous card party. Shraddha KapoorShraddha Kapoor looked drop-dead gorgeous in this beige, intricately embroidered, Tarun Tahiliani sharara set. The perfect outfit for all the Diwali luncheons and day-time gatherings with family and friends. Tara SutariaIf you’re looking to make a statement at your office party without going OTT, this unconventional, angarakha dress with an asymmetrical cut is just the silhouette for you. You can give it an ethnic flavour by accessorising it with traditional jewellery, just like Tara Sutaria did. Ananya PandayIt’s the festival of lights, the only occasion where you can look like a disco ball and get away with it. Pull all the stops and go for the extravagant lehenga you were contemplating about. Ananya Panday opted for a gold, mirror work lehenga by Abu Jani-Sandeep Khosla and styled it with a halter neck blouse bearing exaggerated sleeve detail. Talk about going big or going home.					Festive season comes with the added pressure of looking presentable at every event. Besides impressing the long list of relatives and your secret office crush with your sartorial choices, you also need to get some Instagram-worthy shots for the grid. To make all your festive looks distinctive from one another, you need to strategically plan your wardrobe for all the different occasions you've sent an RSVP to.While you can wear a long and flowing Anarkali for a puja, you can dial it up a notch by opting for an elegant sari to the late-night card party. Keep it contemporary for the office party with an angarakha styled kurta, and bring out the big guns (voluminous lehenga) for the main soiree. Here’s our edit of all the celebrity-approved festive ensembles you can take inspiration from. Karisma KapoorBegin your festivities with a relaxed Anarkali in contrasting hues, and look as ethereal as Karisma Kapoor. Shilpa Shetty KundraShilpa Shetty Kundra seen here in a retro, polka-dotted sari teamed with a pussy-bow blouse, a classic look you should recreate for the glamorous card party. Shraddha KapoorShraddha Kapoor looked drop-dead gorgeous in this beige, intricately embroidered, Tarun Tahiliani sharara set. The perfect outfit for all the Diwali luncheons and day-time gatherings with family and friends. Tara SutariaIf you’re looking to make a statement at your office party without going OTT, this unconventional, angarakha dress with an asymmetrical cut is just the silhouette for you. You can give it an ethnic flavour by accessorising it with traditional jewellery, just like Tara Sutaria did. Ananya PandayIt’s the festival of lights, the only occasion where you can look like a disco ball and get away with it. Pull all the stops and go for the extravagant lehenga you were contemplating about. Ananya Panday opted for a gold, mirror work lehenga by Abu Jani-Sandeep Khosla and styled it with a halter neck blouse bearing exaggerated sleeve detail. Talk about going big or going home.					Planning your festive wardrobe can get exhausting and monotonous. While playing dress-up is fun, the idea of wearing heavy-duty lehengas and saris to each event can get taxing. Long nights of card parties, endless Diwali lunches and that office party you can’t miss – there’s a smart way of showing up to all these occasions without making it look repetitive. Ditch your traditional blouse for a crisp white shirt and pair it with a bright-coloured lehenga and a pair of statement earrings, a classic Karisma Kapoor move. Swap the voluminous skirt for a flared pair of palazzos, and team it with a cropped top, just like Sara Ali Khan did. Here’s our edit of all the unconventional ways in which you can spruce up your festive style. Alia BhattWho needs a blouse when you can perfectly work the printed Sabyasachi sari like Alia Bhatt. Add a pair of shoulder dusters and you’re good to go. Taapsee PannuDenim sari? Yes, please. Taapsee Pannu doesn’t abide by your conventional rule book, seen here in a denim sari paired with a collared blouse. A breezy look for all the fashion rebels.A hybrid silhouette between a sari and a pantsuit. Tapsee Pannu opted for this all-white ensemble by starch the label and made a strong case for androgynous dressing with a twist. Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor wore a straight-fit kurta, layered with a jacket both by Antar-Agni, and punctuated the look with a pair of white kicks. This one is for all the girls who live in their denim and sneakers, wanting to stick to the same formula even during the festive season. Sonakshi SinhaIf you’ve got abs, it's morally incorrect to keep them hidden. Sonakshi Sinha working her cool-girl spell as per usual in these culottes cropped top and patchwork jacket set by Anamika Khanna. Shilpa Shetty KundraShilpa Shetty Kundra flaunting her statuesque figure in this metallic sari-gown by Amit Aggarwal. If you’re looking for a form-flattering, modern silhouette, this is it. Sonam Kapoor AhujaAlways ahead of the curve, Sonam Kapoor Ahuja looked splendid in an off-white, plunging kurta and pant set, teamed with a blazer and a gold choker. Calling out all the risk-taker who can efficiently strut in in this décolletage neckline bearing ensemble. Sara Ali KhanThe next-gen Bollywood actress looked like a vision in a navy-blue copped top and flared palazzo set by Nupur Kanoi. If you’re looking for a blend of Indian and western sensibilities, this ensemble is perfect for you. Janhvi KapoorThe young and effervescent Janhvi Kapoor opted for a ruffled, cropped white shirt over her shimmering, powder blue lehenga by Abu Jani-Sandeep Khosla. An innovative trick to offset the look by keeping the bottom half heavy and upper half light.					Planning your festive wardrobe can get exhausting and monotonous. While playing dress-up is fun, the idea of wearing heavy-duty lehengas and saris to each event can get taxing. Long nights of card parties, endless Diwali lunches and that office party you can’t miss – there’s a smart way of showing up to all these occasions without making it look repetitive. Ditch your traditional blouse for a crisp white shirt and pair it with a bright-coloured lehenga and a pair of statement earrings, a classic Karisma Kapoor move. Swap the voluminous skirt for a flared pair of palazzos, and team it with a cropped top, just like Sara Ali Khan did. Here’s our edit of all the unconventional ways in which you can spruce up your festive style. Alia BhattWho needs a blouse when you can perfectly work the printed Sabyasachi sari like Alia Bhatt. Add a pair of shoulder dusters and you’re good to go. Taapsee PannuDenim sari? Yes, please. Taapsee Pannu doesn’t abide by your conventional rule book, seen here in a denim sari paired with a collared blouse. A breezy look for all the fashion rebels.A hybrid silhouette between a sari and a pantsuit. Tapsee Pannu opted for this all-white ensemble by starch the label and made a strong case for androgynous dressing with a twist. Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor wore a straight-fit kurta, layered with a jacket both by Antar-Agni, and punctuated the look with a pair of white kicks. This one is for all the girls who live in their denim and sneakers, wanting to stick to the same formula even during the festive season. Sonakshi SinhaIf you’ve got abs, it's morally incorrect to keep them hidden. Sonakshi Sinha working her cool-girl spell as per usual in these culottes cropped top and patchwork jacket set by Anamika Khanna. Shilpa Shetty KundraShilpa Shetty Kundra flaunting her statuesque figure in this metallic sari-gown by Amit Aggarwal. If you’re looking for a form-flattering, modern silhouette, this is it. Sonam Kapoor AhujaAlways ahead of the curve, Sonam Kapoor Ahuja looked splendid in an off-white, plunging kurta and pant set, teamed with a blazer and a gold choker. Calling out all the risk-taker who can efficiently strut in in this décolletage neckline bearing ensemble. Sara Ali KhanThe next-gen Bollywood actress looked like a vision in a navy-blue copped top and flared palazzo set by Nupur Kanoi. If you’re looking for a blend of Indian and western sensibilities, this ensemble is perfect for you. Janhvi KapoorThe young and effervescent Janhvi Kapoor opted for a ruffled, cropped white shirt over her shimmering, powder blue lehenga by Abu Jani-Sandeep Khosla. An innovative trick to offset the look by keeping the bottom half heavy and upper half light.					Planning your festive wardrobe can get exhausting and monotonous. While playing dress-up is fun, the idea of wearing heavy-duty lehengas and saris to each event can get taxing. Long nights of card parties, endless Diwali lunches and that office party you can’t miss – there’s a smart way of showing up to all these occasions without making it look repetitive. Ditch your traditional blouse for a crisp white shirt and pair it with a bright-coloured lehenga and a pair of statement earrings, a classic Karisma Kapoor move. Swap the voluminous skirt for a flared pair of palazzos, and team it with a cropped top, just like Sara Ali Khan did. Here’s our edit of all the unconventional ways in which you can spruce up your festive style. Alia BhattWho needs a blouse when you can perfectly work the printed Sabyasachi sari like Alia Bhatt. Add a pair of shoulder dusters and you’re good to go. Taapsee PannuDenim sari? Yes, please. Taapsee Pannu doesn’t abide by your conventional rule book, seen here in a denim sari paired with a collared blouse. A breezy look for all the fashion rebels.A hybrid silhouette between a sari and a pantsuit. Tapsee Pannu opted for this all-white ensemble by starch the label and made a strong case for androgynous dressing with a twist. Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor wore a straight-fit kurta, layered with a jacket both by Antar-Agni, and punctuated the look with a pair of white kicks. This one is for all the girls who live in their denim and sneakers, wanting to stick to the same formula even during the festive season. Sonakshi SinhaIf you’ve got abs, it's morally incorrect to keep them hidden. Sonakshi Sinha working her cool-girl spell as per usual in these culottes cropped top and patchwork jacket set by Anamika Khanna. Shilpa Shetty KundraShilpa Shetty Kundra flaunting her statuesque figure in this metallic sari-gown by Amit Aggarwal. If you’re looking for a form-flattering, modern silhouette, this is it. Sonam Kapoor AhujaAlways ahead of the curve, Sonam Kapoor Ahuja looked splendid in an off-white, plunging kurta and pant set, teamed with a blazer and a gold choker. Calling out all the risk-taker who can efficiently strut in in this décolletage neckline bearing ensemble. Sara Ali KhanThe next-gen Bollywood actress looked like a vision in a navy-blue copped top and flared palazzo set by Nupur Kanoi. If you’re looking for a blend of Indian and western sensibilities, this ensemble is perfect for you. Janhvi KapoorThe young and effervescent Janhvi Kapoor opted for a ruffled, cropped white shirt over her shimmering, powder blue lehenga by Abu Jani-Sandeep Khosla. An innovative trick to offset the look by keeping the bottom half heavy and upper half light.					 Dressing up for festivities is something that we all look forward to. Yes, we love Diwali and everything that comes with it. But wait. How exactly do you embrace the festive spirit at your workplace without going overboard? We are here to help you with your dilemma. Here is a list of some fun outfits that you can flaunt at your workplace without hassle. Pair with palazzos Palazzos are effortlessly stylish and comfortable. They are an undeniable fashion must-have. Pair them up with a stylish silk or georgette blouse with traditional prints. Add a chunky beaded ethnic necklace to complete your look. How about a long, elegant kurti to go along with a pair of flared palazzos? We love this look because it is sophisticated and oh-so-stunning. Go ahead and throw on some bangles to amp up the ethnic quotient. Now that we're talking about comfort, what are your thoughts on rocking a pair of smart and versatile cigarette pants with that long kurti? Easy on the eyes and tasteful, cigarette pants look good with almost every type of kurti! Fancy donning a long embroidered jacket along with your palazzos? These jackets will add extra definition and detail to your ensemble. Here's a quick example for you to nail this look. Pair a long white kurti with white palazzos and add a long, printed jacket over it. Throw on a pair of Kolhapuris for that extra oomph. Complete your ensemble by wearing a pair of stunning chandelier or drop earrings. Sari, not sorry!Timelessly beautiful, saris are something that Indian women love wearing. Fabrics like cotton, khadi, silk, and linen promise comfort and look extremely graceful. Similarly, chiffon saris are light and scream elegance. Stick to the pastel palette if you're not entirely comfortable with wearing bold colours to work. Add a cute little bindi and you will be good to go! Not comfortable wearing your regular sari blouse to the office? Worry not! How about a shirt blouse instead? Our Bollywood divas have been in love with this trend for quite some time now and we think it's time that you did too! Pair a crisp full-sleeved shirt blouse with a cotton or linen sari and voila! You have yourself a drop-dead gorgeous outfit that you can comfortably flaunt at your workplace. Cute and quirky peplum blouses are all the rage in town these days. Go ahead and try one out with your sari.  Twist to the originalsKurti dresses are pretty much like the 'LBD' of ethnic fashion; you must have at least one in your wardrobe! Angarakha and shirt-style kurtis make us swoon. Also, they look great with every body type! Wear a smart shirt with a printed long skirt… Who says skirts can't be worn with a buttoned shirt? This look has been all the rage in town this festive season. Pair a flared long skirt with a crisp, well-fitted shirt and get ready to make heads turn all day. Oh! Tasselled earrings work exceptionally well with this outfit. Back to the basicsHow can we not mention the quintessential ethnic work-fashion piece? Ladies, the quaint and angelic white Chikankari kurti can be your lifesaver during the festivities. Throw on a bright coloured dupatta over it for that happy burst of colour. Bandhani and Phulkari dupattas are our personal favourite! You can try on a statement neckpiece or a pair of oxidised jhumkas to go with it. Not feeling experimental? Stick to the classic anarkali. Ladies, you can never go wrong with this one. Opt for floor length and heavily flared anarkalis. The high raised A-line cut makes them look exquisite no matter the body type. How about going one step ahead with some mesmerising chaandbali earrings? You can also wear a nice front open anarkali kurti with your favourite pair of dark jeans. So there you have it! Your very own handy guide for flaunting ethnic wears at your workplace this Diwali! Text: Sanika Tamhane  Got too much to do with almost no time? Well, don’t worry as we have a look book of your next five days right here! Pick your favourite looks and shine on this Diwali. Femina puts together a variety of looks, ensuring that women of all ages get to look their best self this very Diwali. DAY ONE: DHANTERAS Raisin Option AStyle: We recommend an asymmetric kurta. A kurta is not only comfortable to wear but looks oh-so-chic, especially if there is a design element that adds to the look. The asymmetric style gives it an edgy look. If the neckline is low, then team it up with a chunky choker and mid-sized studs in the ear. If the neckline is high, leave the neck jewellery-less and wear chunky earrings. Add some bangles and finger rings and you're set.Makeup: Rosy glow makeup would look perfect with this. Apply subtle blush strokes that make your cheeks pop by adding a touch of extra blush along cheekbones, blending out toward your temples. Nude lips with defined eyes will complete the look. Punit BalanaOption BStyle: For the same vibe, but a different look, go for a layered dhoti pant teamed with a fitted top. The dhoti pant can be of a single colour and the top with it can be in a traditional print, or vice versa. The juxtaposition of plain and print makes for an interesting visual, and balances the look. Drape a long scarf around your neck, or tie it like a turban on your head to quirk it up. Round hoops at your ears and chunky bangles will complete the look.Makeup: To compliment this look we would suggest mauve accents as a preferred makeup looks. Mauve is one of those perfect shades for transitioning from warm weather to cooler temperatures because it feels more dramatic than summery shades. DAY TWO: NARKACHATRUDASHI Option AStyle: Try a sharara with a matching short kurta and dupatta. A monotone colour scheme looks subtle yet striking with the embellishments. Accessories with chaandbaalis and multiple bangles in contrasting colour.  Makeup: Highlight the eyes and the lashes with thick eyeliner and long lashes. Add faux lashes if needed. Keep the rest of the makeup nude, with just a gloss over the lips. MishruOption BStyle: Make your regular kurta stand out with an interesting bottom! Wear a slit pant that are not only comfort-plus, but take your look to the next level. To complete this look accessorise yourself with a silver oxidised choker along with matching jhumkas.Makeup:  Brighten up your face by the prominence of a highlighter unlike contouring, which has slowly but surely been disappearing from our radar, whereas highlighting has consistently been a great route for emphasizing points of your face where the light hits. Just a touch on your Cupid's bow, cheekbones, and brow arches give your skin a naturally gorgeous finish. DAY THREE: LAXMI POOJA Abu Jani Sandeep KhoslaOption AStyle: This is a day of giving ode to the goddess of wealth, Laxmi. As gold is worshipped on this day, it is apt that you wear that colour too. Wear a monotone gold sari with an embellished border. The blouse can be in a design of your choice. Ensure you wear bold earrings. The neckpiece and bangles can be as blouse design too. A maangtika won’t look amiss. Makeup: To complement the sari, you should go with matt gold eyeshadow with brown smudged eyeliner giving a smoky gold look. Neutral brown lip shade is the only other makeup you need. Anita DongreOption BStyle: A traditional sari never goes amiss! Opt for a Banarasi silk sari with rich metallic embellishments on the borders and the pallu. The blouse design can be as per your choice. Keep the jewellery traditional too. Kundan neck piece and earrings with coloured bangles and a kundan cuff is what will look best.Makeup: To enhance the overall look, keep your makeup subtle. Just put on thin wings on the eyes and nude lips with contoured cheeks. DAY FOUR: PADVA Tarun TahilianiOption AStyle: A cream coloured mid-thigh length dress-like kurta worn over flared pallazos make for an uber-chic style that will have you looking oh-so-stylish this day. If you don’t mind to show off that pristine clear skin, have a deep V neck, but if not, opt for this in a smaller V neckline. With the deep V-neck, you can wear a bold choker in the neck and mid-sized studs in your ears. Makeup: To add just a little more glamour to this look, sport rich red lips. Use a nude or light brown coloured eye shadow and just highlight the eyes with crisp eyeliner. Arpita Mehta Option BStyle: A georgette or crepe sari with flounces on one side takes the traditional sari to a new level. Have the sari in a plain fabric or just a printed one. Have the blouse heavily embellished to add the festive touch to the look. Add a matching belt over the sari and pallu to add a glam quotient. Statement earrings and a cuff at the wrist with a statement ring on the other hand… that’s the only jewellery you need for this look.Makeup: Get your eyes to do all the talking. Using the same colour as on the outfit, have your eye liner coloured, bold and bright. Keep the rest of the makeup in complete nude. DAY FIVE: BHAIDOOJ House of MasabaOption AStyle: Give your style an edge with an off-shoulder dress that follows similar asymmetry at the hem too. Pair it with straight pants and you’re ready. Wear a multi-layered long neck piece with matching pair of earrings. A funky armlet on the side where the dress doesn’t have shoulder support and some layered bangles will look very chic.Makeup: For an edgy ensemble, you need edgy makeup too. Why not opt for multi-coloured eyeliners? Use two different colours for the line above and below the eyes. A little shimmer on the eyelids and fresh pink lips is all you need. Pooja ShroffOption BStyle: A boat-neck kurta that is asymettric at the hem is also an option you can choose. From below the waist to floor-length, the hemline is in an inverted U-shape, making for an interesting design detail. Wear it over draped pants and this look will make heads turn. Wear printed top with plain bottom or vice versa. Wear oxydised choker and cuffs at your wrist, and you’re set.Makeup: Go matte for this look. Brown matte lipstick with subtle smoky eyes and you’re ready to rock the look. - Inputs by Nondini Dhawan   Dressing up for festivities is something that we all look forward to. Yes, we love Diwali and everything that comes with it. But wait. How exactly do you embrace the festive spirit at your workplace without going overboard? We are here to help you with your dilemma. Here is a list of some fun outfits that you can flaunt at your workplace without hassle. Pair with palazzos Palazzos are effortlessly stylish and comfortable. They are an undeniable fashion must-have. Pair them up with a stylish silk or georgette blouse with traditional prints. Add a chunky beaded ethnic necklace to complete your look. How about a long, elegant kurti to go along with a pair of flared palazzos? We love this look because it is sophisticated and oh-so-stunning. Go ahead and throw on some bangles to amp up the ethnic quotient. Now that we're talking about comfort, what are your thoughts on rocking a pair of smart and versatile cigarette pants with that long kurti? Easy on the eyes and tasteful, cigarette pants look good with almost every type of kurti! Fancy donning a long embroidered jacket along with your palazzos? These jackets will add extra definition and detail to your ensemble. Here's a quick example for you to nail this look. Pair a long white kurti with white palazzos and add a long, printed jacket over it. Throw on a pair of Kolhapuris for that extra oomph. Complete your ensemble by wearing a pair of stunning chandelier or drop earrings. Sari, not sorry!Timelessly beautiful, saris are something that Indian women love wearing. Fabrics like cotton, khadi, silk, and linen promise comfort and look extremely graceful. Similarly, chiffon saris are light and scream elegance. Stick to the pastel palette if you're not entirely comfortable with wearing bold colours to work. Add a cute little bindi and you will be good to go! Not comfortable wearing your regular sari blouse to the office? Worry not! How about a shirt blouse instead? Our Bollywood divas have been in love with this trend for quite some time now and we think it's time that you did too! Pair a crisp full-sleeved shirt blouse with a cotton or linen sari and voila! You have yourself a drop-dead gorgeous outfit that you can comfortably flaunt at your workplace. Cute and quirky peplum blouses are all the rage in town these days. Go ahead and try one out with your sari.  Twist to the originalsKurti dresses are pretty much like the 'LBD' of ethnic fashion; you must have at least one in your wardrobe! Angarakha and shirt-style kurtis make us swoon. Also, they look great with every body type! Wear a smart shirt with a printed long skirt… Who says skirts can't be worn with a buttoned shirt? This look has been all the rage in town this festive season. Pair a flared long skirt with a crisp, well-fitted shirt and get ready to make heads turn all day. Oh! Tasselled earrings work exceptionally well with this outfit. Back to the basicsHow can we not mention the quintessential ethnic work-fashion piece? Ladies, the quaint and angelic white Chikankari kurti can be your lifesaver during the festivities. Throw on a bright coloured dupatta over it for that happy burst of colour. Bandhani and Phulkari dupattas are our personal favourite! You can try on a statement neckpiece or a pair of oxidised jhumkas to go with it. Not feeling experimental? Stick to the classic anarkali. Ladies, you can never go wrong with this one. Opt for floor length and heavily flared anarkalis. The high raised A-line cut makes them look exquisite no matter the body type. How about going one step ahead with some mesmerising chaandbali earrings? You can also wear a nice front open anarkali kurti with your favourite pair of dark jeans. So there you have it! Your very own handy guide for flaunting ethnic wears at your workplace this Diwali! Text: Sanika Tamhane  Dressing up for festivities is something that we all look forward to. Yes, we love Diwali and everything that comes with it. But wait. How exactly do you embrace the festive spirit at your workplace without going overboard? We are here to help you with your dilemma. Here is a list of some fun outfits that you can flaunt at your workplace without hassle. Pair with palazzos Palazzos are effortlessly stylish and comfortable. They are an undeniable fashion must-have. Pair them up with a stylish silk or georgette blouse with traditional prints. Add a chunky beaded ethnic necklace to complete your look. How about a long, elegant kurti to go along with a pair of flared palazzos? We love this look because it is sophisticated and oh-so-stunning. Go ahead and throw on some bangles to amp up the ethnic quotient. Now that we're talking about comfort, what are your thoughts on rocking a pair of smart and versatile cigarette pants with that long kurti? Easy on the eyes and tasteful, cigarette pants look good with almost every type of kurti! Fancy donning a long embroidered jacket along with your palazzos? These jackets will add extra definition and detail to your ensemble. Here's a quick example for you to nail this look. Pair a long white kurti with white palazzos and add a long, printed jacket over it. Throw on a pair of Kolhapuris for that extra oomph. Complete your ensemble by wearing a pair of stunning chandelier or drop earrings. Sari, not sorry!Timelessly beautiful, saris are something that Indian women love wearing. Fabrics like cotton, khadi, silk, and linen promise comfort and look extremely graceful. Similarly, chiffon saris are light and scream elegance. Stick to the pastel palette if you're not entirely comfortable with wearing bold colours to work. Add a cute little bindi and you will be good to go! Not comfortable wearing your regular sari blouse to the office? Worry not! How about a shirt blouse instead? Our Bollywood divas have been in love with this trend for quite some time now and we think it's time that you did too! Pair a crisp full-sleeved shirt blouse with a cotton or linen sari and voila! You have yourself a drop-dead gorgeous outfit that you can comfortably flaunt at your workplace. Cute and quirky peplum blouses are all the rage in town these days. Go ahead and try one out with your sari.  Twist to the originalsKurti dresses are pretty much like the 'LBD' of ethnic fashion; you must have at least one in your wardrobe! Angarakha and shirt-style kurtis make us swoon. Also, they look great with every body type! Wear a smart shirt with a printed long skirt… Who says skirts can't be worn with a buttoned shirt? This look has been all the rage in town this festive season. Pair a flared long skirt with a crisp, well-fitted shirt and get ready to make heads turn all day. Oh! Tasselled earrings work exceptionally well with this outfit. Back to the basicsHow can we not mention the quintessential ethnic work-fashion piece? Ladies, the quaint and angelic white Chikankari kurti can be your lifesaver during the festivities. Throw on a bright coloured dupatta over it for that happy burst of colour. Bandhani and Phulkari dupattas are our personal favourite! You can try on a statement neckpiece or a pair of oxidised jhumkas to go with it. Not feeling experimental? Stick to the classic anarkali. Ladies, you can never go wrong with this one. Opt for floor length and heavily flared anarkalis. The high raised A-line cut makes them look exquisite no matter the body type. How about going one step ahead with some mesmerising chaandbali earrings? You can also wear a nice front open anarkali kurti with your favourite pair of dark jeans. So there you have it! Your very own handy guide for flaunting ethnic wears at your workplace this Diwali! Text: Sanika Tamhane  Got too much to do with almost no time? Well, don’t worry as we have a look book of your next five days right here! Pick your favourite looks and shine on this Diwali. Femina puts together a variety of looks, ensuring that women of all ages get to look their best self this very Diwali. DAY ONE: DHANTERAS Raisin Option AStyle: We recommend an asymmetric kurta. A kurta is not only comfortable to wear but looks oh-so-chic, especially if there is a design element that adds to the look. The asymmetric style gives it an edgy look. If the neckline is low, then team it up with a chunky choker and mid-sized studs in the ear. If the neckline is high, leave the neck jewellery-less and wear chunky earrings. Add some bangles and finger rings and you're set.Makeup: Rosy glow makeup would look perfect with this. Apply subtle blush strokes that make your cheeks pop by adding a touch of extra blush along cheekbones, blending out toward your temples. Nude lips with defined eyes will complete the look. Punit BalanaOption BStyle: For the same vibe, but a different look, go for a layered dhoti pant teamed with a fitted top. The dhoti pant can be of a single colour and the top with it can be in a traditional print, or vice versa. The juxtaposition of plain and print makes for an interesting visual, and balances the look. Drape a long scarf around your neck, or tie it like a turban on your head to quirk it up. Round hoops at your ears and chunky bangles will complete the look.Makeup: To compliment this look we would suggest mauve accents as a preferred makeup looks. Mauve is one of those perfect shades for transitioning from warm weather to cooler temperatures because it feels more dramatic than summery shades. DAY TWO: NARKACHATRUDASHI Option AStyle: Try a sharara with a matching short kurta and dupatta. A monotone colour scheme looks subtle yet striking with the embellishments. Accessories with chaandbaalis and multiple bangles in contrasting colour.  Makeup: Highlight the eyes and the lashes with thick eyeliner and long lashes. Add faux lashes if needed. Keep the rest of the makeup nude, with just a gloss over the lips. MishruOption BStyle: Make your regular kurta stand out with an interesting bottom! Wear a slit pant that are not only comfort-plus, but take your look to the next level. To complete this look accessorise yourself with a silver oxidised choker along with matching jhumkas.Makeup:  Brighten up your face by the prominence of a highlighter unlike contouring, which has slowly but surely been disappearing from our radar, whereas highlighting has consistently been a great route for emphasizing points of your face where the light hits. Just a touch on your Cupid's bow, cheekbones, and brow arches give your skin a naturally gorgeous finish. DAY THREE: LAXMI POOJA Abu Jani Sandeep KhoslaOption AStyle: This is a day of giving ode to the goddess of wealth, Laxmi. As gold is worshipped on this day, it is apt that you wear that colour too. Wear a monotone gold sari with an embellished border. The blouse can be in a design of your choice. Ensure you wear bold earrings. The neckpiece and bangles can be as blouse design too. A maangtika won’t look amiss. Makeup: To complement the sari, you should go with matt gold eyeshadow with brown smudged eyeliner giving a smoky gold look. Neutral brown lip shade is the only other makeup you need. Anita DongreOption BStyle: A traditional sari never goes amiss! Opt for a Banarasi silk sari with rich metallic embellishments on the borders and the pallu. The blouse design can be as per your choice. Keep the jewellery traditional too. Kundan neck piece and earrings with coloured bangles and a kundan cuff is what will look best.Makeup: To enhance the overall look, keep your makeup subtle. Just put on thin wings on the eyes and nude lips with contoured cheeks. DAY FOUR: PADVA Tarun TahilianiOption AStyle: A cream coloured mid-thigh length dress-like kurta worn over flared pallazos make for an uber-chic style that will have you looking oh-so-stylish this day. If you don’t mind to show off that pristine clear skin, have a deep V neck, but if not, opt for this in a smaller V neckline. With the deep V-neck, you can wear a bold choker in the neck and mid-sized studs in your ears. Makeup: To add just a little more glamour to this look, sport rich red lips. Use a nude or light brown coloured eye shadow and just highlight the eyes with crisp eyeliner. Arpita Mehta Option BStyle: A georgette or crepe sari with flounces on one side takes the traditional sari to a new level. Have the sari in a plain fabric or just a printed one. Have the blouse heavily embellished to add the festive touch to the look. Add a matching belt over the sari and pallu to add a glam quotient. Statement earrings and a cuff at the wrist with a statement ring on the other hand… that’s the only jewellery you need for this look.Makeup: Get your eyes to do all the talking. Using the same colour as on the outfit, have your eye liner coloured, bold and bright. Keep the rest of the makeup in complete nude. DAY FIVE: BHAIDOOJ House of MasabaOption AStyle: Give your style an edge with an off-shoulder dress that follows similar asymmetry at the hem too. Pair it with straight pants and you’re ready. Wear a multi-layered long neck piece with matching pair of earrings. A funky armlet on the side where the dress doesn’t have shoulder support and some layered bangles will look very chic.Makeup: For an edgy ensemble, you need edgy makeup too. Why not opt for multi-coloured eyeliners? Use two different colours for the line above and below the eyes. A little shimmer on the eyelids and fresh pink lips is all you need. Pooja ShroffOption BStyle: A boat-neck kurta that is asymettric at the hem is also an option you can choose. From below the waist to floor-length, the hemline is in an inverted U-shape, making for an interesting design detail. Wear it over draped pants and this look will make heads turn. Wear printed top with plain bottom or vice versa. Wear oxydised choker and cuffs at your wrist, and you’re set.Makeup: Go matte for this look. Brown matte lipstick with subtle smoky eyes and you’re ready to rock the look. - Inputs by Nondini Dhawan   Got too much to do with almost no time? Well, don’t worry as we have a look book of your next five days right here! Pick your favourite looks and shine on this Diwali. Femina puts together a variety of looks, ensuring that women of all ages get to look their best self this very Diwali. DAY ONE: DHANTERAS Raisin Option AStyle: We recommend an asymmetric kurta. A kurta is not only comfortable to wear but looks oh-so-chic, especially if there is a design element that adds to the look. The asymmetric style gives it an edgy look. If the neckline is low, then team it up with a chunky choker and mid-sized studs in the ear. If the neckline is high, leave the neck jewellery-less and wear chunky earrings. Add some bangles and finger rings and you're set.Makeup: Rosy glow makeup would look perfect with this. Apply subtle blush strokes that make your cheeks pop by adding a touch of extra blush along cheekbones, blending out toward your temples. Nude lips with defined eyes will complete the look. Punit BalanaOption BStyle: For the same vibe, but a different look, go for a layered dhoti pant teamed with a fitted top. The dhoti pant can be of a single colour and the top with it can be in a traditional print, or vice versa. The juxtaposition of plain and print makes for an interesting visual, and balances the look. Drape a long scarf around your neck, or tie it like a turban on your head to quirk it up. Round hoops at your ears and chunky bangles will complete the look.Makeup: To compliment this look we would suggest mauve accents as a preferred makeup looks. Mauve is one of those perfect shades for transitioning from warm weather to cooler temperatures because it feels more dramatic than summery shades. DAY TWO: NARKACHATRUDASHI Option AStyle: Try a sharara with a matching short kurta and dupatta. A monotone colour scheme looks subtle yet striking with the embellishments. Accessories with chaandbaalis and multiple bangles in contrasting colour.  Makeup: Highlight the eyes and the lashes with thick eyeliner and long lashes. Add faux lashes if needed. Keep the rest of the makeup nude, with just a gloss over the lips. MishruOption BStyle: Make your regular kurta stand out with an interesting bottom! Wear a slit pant that are not only comfort-plus, but take your look to the next level. To complete this look accessorise yourself with a silver oxidised choker along with matching jhumkas.Makeup:  Brighten up your face by the prominence of a highlighter unlike contouring, which has slowly but surely been disappearing from our radar, whereas highlighting has consistently been a great route for emphasizing points of your face where the light hits. Just a touch on your Cupid's bow, cheekbones, and brow arches give your skin a naturally gorgeous finish. DAY THREE: LAXMI POOJA Abu Jani Sandeep KhoslaOption AStyle: This is a day of giving ode to the goddess of wealth, Laxmi. As gold is worshipped on this day, it is apt that you wear that colour too. Wear a monotone gold sari with an embellished border. The blouse can be in a design of your choice. Ensure you wear bold earrings. The neckpiece and bangles can be as blouse design too. A maangtika won’t look amiss. Makeup: To complement the sari, you should go with matt gold eyeshadow with brown smudged eyeliner giving a smoky gold look. Neutral brown lip shade is the only other makeup you need. Anita DongreOption BStyle: A traditional sari never goes amiss! Opt for a Banarasi silk sari with rich metallic embellishments on the borders and the pallu. The blouse design can be as per your choice. Keep the jewellery traditional too. Kundan neck piece and earrings with coloured bangles and a kundan cuff is what will look best.Makeup: To enhance the overall look, keep your makeup subtle. Just put on thin wings on the eyes and nude lips with contoured cheeks. DAY FOUR: PADVA Tarun TahilianiOption AStyle: A cream coloured mid-thigh length dress-like kurta worn over flared pallazos make for an uber-chic style that will have you looking oh-so-stylish this day. If you don’t mind to show off that pristine clear skin, have a deep V neck, but if not, opt for this in a smaller V neckline. With the deep V-neck, you can wear a bold choker in the neck and mid-sized studs in your ears. Makeup: To add just a little more glamour to this look, sport rich red lips. Use a nude or light brown coloured eye shadow and just highlight the eyes with crisp eyeliner. Arpita Mehta Option BStyle: A georgette or crepe sari with flounces on one side takes the traditional sari to a new level. Have the sari in a plain fabric or just a printed one. Have the blouse heavily embellished to add the festive touch to the look. Add a matching belt over the sari and pallu to add a glam quotient. Statement earrings and a cuff at the wrist with a statement ring on the other hand… that’s the only jewellery you need for this look.Makeup: Get your eyes to do all the talking. Using the same colour as on the outfit, have your eye liner coloured, bold and bright. Keep the rest of the makeup in complete nude. DAY FIVE: BHAIDOOJ House of MasabaOption AStyle: Give your style an edge with an off-shoulder dress that follows similar asymmetry at the hem too. Pair it with straight pants and you’re ready. Wear a multi-layered long neck piece with matching pair of earrings. A funky armlet on the side where the dress doesn’t have shoulder support and some layered bangles will look very chic.Makeup: For an edgy ensemble, you need edgy makeup too. Why not opt for multi-coloured eyeliners? Use two different colours for the line above and below the eyes. A little shimmer on the eyelids and fresh pink lips is all you need. Pooja ShroffOption BStyle: A boat-neck kurta that is asymettric at the hem is also an option you can choose. From below the waist to floor-length, the hemline is in an inverted U-shape, making for an interesting design detail. Wear it over draped pants and this look will make heads turn. Wear printed top with plain bottom or vice versa. Wear oxydised choker and cuffs at your wrist, and you’re set.Makeup: Go matte for this look. Brown matte lipstick with subtle smoky eyes and you’re ready to rock the look. - Inputs by Nondini Dhawan  													If the idea of stepping out in heavier-than-your-body-weight lehengas making you want to ditch those Diwali events, we’ve got some good news for you. If you’re not the kind of person who likes to go all OTT with your Diwali looks, the brocade trend is tailor-made for you. While it's traditional and looks opulent, brocade silhouettes are also light-weight and functional. It will help you dance the night away in comfort. Kareena Kapoor Khan and Tara Sutaria made the perfect case for this trend, by looking festive-ready in these brocade ensembles, without comprising on the glamour quotient. Here’s a list of celebrities who will convince you to invest in a brocade kurta, lehenga or Anarkali for all the upcoming soirees you’re planning to attend. Swara BhaskarSwara Bhaskar opted for this six-yards of beauty, and styled it with a pair of shoulder dusters, keeping it elegant and chic. Karisma KapoorThe undisputed queen of style, Karisma Kapoor paired her brocade skirt with a simple white shirt. A styling trick you can incorporate if you want a fusion look. Mrunal ThakurThe versatile actress opted for mustard, brocade sharara set, an ideal look for day-time pujas and Diwali lunches. Esha GuptaEsha Gupta chose a bright, neon kurta set and styled it with a pair of statement earrings, a look you can easily recreate for the next card party. Alia BhattAlia Bhatt perfectly balanced her fiery red kurta and palazzo set with a pair of long, gold chandelier earring and a sleek bun. A classic look, one for the books.					Diwali , the festival of light, is a perfect celebration of all things bright. For those who love the style, Diwali gives them the right excuses to put their fashionable foot forward while the friends, family and loved ones come together to celebrate. If you're wondering about the Diwali fashion trends to follow, we've all the perfect compilation to strut in style for the glittering evenings.These Diwali fashion trends will also help you navigate the gifting dilemma for your girl gang and lovely women of your lives. This Diwali, you can channelize your inner diva as you get to exude exuberance, glitz and glamor in the stylish latest fashion from our perfect festive picks. Want to know which Diwali trends to pick that suit your innate style? Scroll below:Diwali Fashion Trends: Minimum Is MaximumThis Diwali, try your hands on some exhilarating minimalistic fashion . Minimalistic outfits are all the rage this season, and this Diwali, you can make the most of it. The basic principle of minimalistic fashion is to keep it simple. You can endorse a simple sari look, clubbed with natural makeup and light jewelry to mark the occasion. This Diwali fashion trend  will help you keep light and would make your celebration free of fuss. And whoever said, less is more, are obviously right. Try and find out! Tip:  You can use the art of layering to add charm to your minimalistic approach. Play up your look by mixing different textures. Diwali Fashion Trends: PalazzosPalazzos have made a distinct place in our hearts with their easy-breezy appeal and ultra-comfortable carryings. The best part about this Diwali fashion trend is that you can pair it with a crop top, tunic, kurta, Anarkali or even with a choli, and would eventually emerge out as the fashionista . Palazzos are also a top fave outfit style favored by celebs. Tip:  With a wide-legged palazzo pant , try long kurtas to add dimension to your outfit. If you're pairing it up with a tunic or long top, glam up with accessories like belts for add some definition to your look. This Diwali, show off some printed perfection Printed Maxi dresses are everybody's top favorite outfit, no matter the occasion. Come Diwali, try and pick some printed maxi dresses that match the festive appeal and accentuate your fashion game . You can go for an ethnic range, which is available in most brands or prefers something simplistic. Take cues from your favorite celebs and up your festive style game in printed maxi dresses .Tips: Don't go overboard by mixing too many different prints. However, if you're mixing patterns, don't blend more than two types of prints in your look. Go ethnic, this Diwali, with the veritable vestsWhether you are a lover of all things simple or adore a jazzed-up look, an ethnic vest, popularly known as Koti, can be the perfect pick this Diwali season. Pair it with your Anarkali, long kurta or a simple top, your festive fashion appeal would be unmatchable in this spunky Diwali fashion trend . Team it up with right accessories, and voila!Tip: Pay extra attention to the right fit. Vest, if not of the perfect fit, can break your look. This Diwali has a sequined affairThere can never be enough of sequins love possible in this world. A little bit of glitter can add the oomph to your look, making you the dazzling diva of every party. Sequins have been in vogue for quite some time. This Diwali, try on a sequined range of outfits at the glittering festivities . From sequined saris to skirts and even kurta, there's nothing that can't handle the sequin shine with elan. What would be your pick?Tips:  You look can be made much better if you add some bold colors to compliment sequins. With sequined outfits, chunky or clunky jewellery or excess accessories should be avoided. Ethnic pants are in vogue this DiwaliGone are the days when bottom wears cam with a limited range of varieties. This Diwali put your fashionable foot forward in ethnic pants. From intricately embroidered range to brocade and zari patterns, ethnic pants are all the rage this season. Pair them up with your fave kurta or crop top, the choice is all yours.Tips: Right fit is the right tip for ethnic pants fashion . Make sure the length of your kurta doesn't kill the charm of your pants. Crop top and lehenga - the perfect trend to pick this DiwaliEndorsed by all your fave celebs, crop top and lehenga combination tops our list of traditional yet spunky Diwali wear . With the accentuated oomph of the crop top and desi touch of the lehenga , this look is a sure-shot heart winner. Go plain or glittery, or printed or embroidered, there are more than one ways to rock this Diwali fashion trend. What would you choose?Tips:  Keep heavy jewellery at bay, if trying this fashion trend. It's best if you choose a simpler neckline for your crop top if you plan to wear jewelry , especially the heavy ones. Bring in comfort and fashion in dhoti salwarsDhoti salwar is a perfect blend of comfort, style and chic statement. Pair them up with a bold tank top or traditional kurtas, their appeal is undeniable. Be the head turner in this fancy, fashionable fad , this Diwali. To add more to your look, team it up with indo-western chic makeup and accessories and you're all set to rock the Diwali party this time.Tips: Do not wear a dupatta if you opt to team up your dhoti salwar with the jacket. Best to be paired with short kurta to show off the fun style. 'Cos c o-ords are in fashionAdd a twist of fusion to your festive wear with this Diwali fashion trend. Co-ords have been making a wave in the fashion scene for some time, and it's your turn to turn up the heat, this Diwali, in these new style trends .Tips: Try light jewelry and minimum accessories with this trendy look . Pay attention to the fit of your co-ord wear to avoid making it look slumpy. Bring on the desi Diwali swag in brocade This Diwali, move over the usual desi prints and try something quintessentially traditional. Brocades have been the crown jewel of the Indian textile landscape. Go for a brocade print sari or try this Diwali fashion trend in skirts or salwar-kameez. You can add the edginess to your look by going for deep-neck blouses and floral sari . Try brocade in silk or velvet to bring out its original charm.Tips:  Don't be afraid to mix and match patterned accessories with brocade. Just keep the same color family and vary the scale, and patterns, if you'd like.  Show off shararaWhy go for mundane skirt look when you can strut in style in a sharara? Ultra-comfy and edgy, this style has been the talk of the fashion town and also a celebrity-loved trend . Try long slits, sheer or mesh, there are multiple varieties of shararas to style for Diwali. Tips:  The best way to flaunt your sharara look is by teaming it up with short Kurtis. Sari with jacket are all the rage, this DiwaliWhat can be a better way to sport a sari with a fun jacket, this Diwali! This fashion fad has been making waves for its boss-lady vibes. Last season, saris with capes were the IT thing, whereas, this year, it's uber-cool to pair a  sari with a jacket . A jacket on top of your sari can totally turn around your look. From traditionally dull, you can go on to become chic and smart in a sari with just one layer. Isn't this cool? Tips:  If you sari is heavily embellished, go for bold-hued jackets . Don't be afraid of mixing textures. Full of fashion and flare Dramatic blouse sleeves have been a head turning fashion trend . This festive season, try on flared sleeved blouses with your sari and add the much-needed spunk to your desi look . You can go for long or short variety and can also opt for deep back neck for additional appeal.Tips:  If you want your blouse to do the talking, try keeping your sari simple for the occasion. Go for heavy earrings and void neckpieces. Bangles would also not be needed with this fashion trend. Diwali Fashion Trends: FAQs 1. What to wear for Diwali Diwali is the time to celebrate with your family. It is also about celebrating our colorful traditions and vibrant culture. However, what you choose to wear should stem out from your idea of âÂÂâÂÂcomfort. If you're comfortable in salwar-kameer or sari or a pant-suit or shorts, you should totally rock it with all your confidence, and fashion and trends would follow! 2. Which dress code fits for the Diwali festival? Ideally, people generally prefer wearing traditional outfits like saris, lehengas and salwar-kameer. There are several other varieties of ethnic outfits from regional areas that can be totally your pick this Diwali. If you're celebrating the festival at home, you can go for something that gives you comfort and mobility as well as style. However, if you're spending this festive time outside the home, you can try new trends and styles like ethnic pants, dhoti salwar, among others. Our advice would be to blend comfort and fashion to have a great time. 3. Is it ok to wear a black color dress on Diwali? Several people in Indian people believe that black should not be picked up to wear on Diwali day. Independently, you can decide to wear the color that you want. But, the festive feeling is all about joy and celebration with your loved ones. It's best if you take advice from a family member to avoid hurting any sentiments on this auspicious day. 													If the idea of stepping out in heavier-than-your-body-weight lehengas making you want to ditch those Diwali events, we’ve got some good news for you. If you’re not the kind of person who likes to go all OTT with your Diwali looks, the brocade trend is tailor-made for you. While it's traditional and looks opulent, brocade silhouettes are also light-weight and functional. It will help you dance the night away in comfort. Kareena Kapoor Khan and Tara Sutaria made the perfect case for this trend, by looking festive-ready in these brocade ensembles, without comprising on the glamour quotient. Here’s a list of celebrities who will convince you to invest in a brocade kurta, lehenga or Anarkali for all the upcoming soirees you’re planning to attend. Swara BhaskarSwara Bhaskar opted for this six-yards of beauty, and styled it with a pair of shoulder dusters, keeping it elegant and chic. Karisma KapoorThe undisputed queen of style, Karisma Kapoor paired her brocade skirt with a simple white shirt. A styling trick you can incorporate if you want a fusion look. Mrunal ThakurThe versatile actress opted for mustard, brocade sharara set, an ideal look for day-time pujas and Diwali lunches. Esha GuptaEsha Gupta chose a bright, neon kurta set and styled it with a pair of statement earrings, a look you can easily recreate for the next card party. Alia BhattAlia Bhatt perfectly balanced her fiery red kurta and palazzo set with a pair of long, gold chandelier earring and a sleek bun. A classic look, one for the books.																		If the idea of stepping out in heavier-than-your-body-weight lehengas making you want to ditch those Diwali events, we’ve got some good news for you. If you’re not the kind of person who likes to go all OTT with your Diwali looks, the brocade trend is tailor-made for you. While it's traditional and looks opulent, brocade silhouettes are also light-weight and functional. It will help you dance the night away in comfort. Kareena Kapoor Khan and Tara Sutaria made the perfect case for this trend, by looking festive-ready in these brocade ensembles, without comprising on the glamour quotient. Here’s a list of celebrities who will convince you to invest in a brocade kurta, lehenga or Anarkali for all the upcoming soirees you’re planning to attend. Swara BhaskarSwara Bhaskar opted for this six-yards of beauty, and styled it with a pair of shoulder dusters, keeping it elegant and chic. Karisma KapoorThe undisputed queen of style, Karisma Kapoor paired her brocade skirt with a simple white shirt. A styling trick you can incorporate if you want a fusion look. Mrunal ThakurThe versatile actress opted for mustard, brocade sharara set, an ideal look for day-time pujas and Diwali lunches. Esha GuptaEsha Gupta chose a bright, neon kurta set and styled it with a pair of statement earrings, a look you can easily recreate for the next card party. Alia BhattAlia Bhatt perfectly balanced her fiery red kurta and palazzo set with a pair of long, gold chandelier earring and a sleek bun. A classic look, one for the books.					Diwali , the festival of light, is a perfect celebration of all things bright. For those who love the style, Diwali gives them the right excuses to put their fashionable foot forward while the friends, family and loved ones come together to celebrate. If you're wondering about the Diwali fashion trends to follow, we've all the perfect compilation to strut in style for the glittering evenings.These Diwali fashion trends will also help you navigate the gifting dilemma for your girl gang and lovely women of your lives. This Diwali, you can channelize your inner diva as you get to exude exuberance, glitz and glamor in the stylish latest fashion from our perfect festive picks. Want to know which Diwali trends to pick that suit your innate style? Scroll below:Diwali Fashion Trends: Minimum Is MaximumThis Diwali, try your hands on some exhilarating minimalistic fashion . Minimalistic outfits are all the rage this season, and this Diwali, you can make the most of it. The basic principle of minimalistic fashion is to keep it simple. You can endorse a simple sari look, clubbed with natural makeup and light jewelry to mark the occasion. This Diwali fashion trend  will help you keep light and would make your celebration free of fuss. And whoever said, less is more, are obviously right. Try and find out! Tip:  You can use the art of layering to add charm to your minimalistic approach. Play up your look by mixing different textures. Diwali Fashion Trends: PalazzosPalazzos have made a distinct place in our hearts with their easy-breezy appeal and ultra-comfortable carryings. The best part about this Diwali fashion trend is that you can pair it with a crop top, tunic, kurta, Anarkali or even with a choli, and would eventually emerge out as the fashionista . Palazzos are also a top fave outfit style favored by celebs. Tip:  With a wide-legged palazzo pant , try long kurtas to add dimension to your outfit. If you're pairing it up with a tunic or long top, glam up with accessories like belts for add some definition to your look. This Diwali, show off some printed perfection Printed Maxi dresses are everybody's top favorite outfit, no matter the occasion. Come Diwali, try and pick some printed maxi dresses that match the festive appeal and accentuate your fashion game . You can go for an ethnic range, which is available in most brands or prefers something simplistic. Take cues from your favorite celebs and up your festive style game in printed maxi dresses .Tips: Don't go overboard by mixing too many different prints. However, if you're mixing patterns, don't blend more than two types of prints in your look. Go ethnic, this Diwali, with the veritable vestsWhether you are a lover of all things simple or adore a jazzed-up look, an ethnic vest, popularly known as Koti, can be the perfect pick this Diwali season. Pair it with your Anarkali, long kurta or a simple top, your festive fashion appeal would be unmatchable in this spunky Diwali fashion trend . Team it up with right accessories, and voila!Tip: Pay extra attention to the right fit. Vest, if not of the perfect fit, can break your look. This Diwali has a sequined affairThere can never be enough of sequins love possible in this world. A little bit of glitter can add the oomph to your look, making you the dazzling diva of every party. Sequins have been in vogue for quite some time. This Diwali, try on a sequined range of outfits at the glittering festivities . From sequined saris to skirts and even kurta, there's nothing that can't handle the sequin shine with elan. What would be your pick?Tips:  You look can be made much better if you add some bold colors to compliment sequins. With sequined outfits, chunky or clunky jewellery or excess accessories should be avoided. Ethnic pants are in vogue this DiwaliGone are the days when bottom wears cam with a limited range of varieties. This Diwali put your fashionable foot forward in ethnic pants. From intricately embroidered range to brocade and zari patterns, ethnic pants are all the rage this season. Pair them up with your fave kurta or crop top, the choice is all yours.Tips: Right fit is the right tip for ethnic pants fashion . Make sure the length of your kurta doesn't kill the charm of your pants. Crop top and lehenga - the perfect trend to pick this DiwaliEndorsed by all your fave celebs, crop top and lehenga combination tops our list of traditional yet spunky Diwali wear . With the accentuated oomph of the crop top and desi touch of the lehenga , this look is a sure-shot heart winner. Go plain or glittery, or printed or embroidered, there are more than one ways to rock this Diwali fashion trend. What would you choose?Tips:  Keep heavy jewellery at bay, if trying this fashion trend. It's best if you choose a simpler neckline for your crop top if you plan to wear jewelry , especially the heavy ones. Bring in comfort and fashion in dhoti salwarsDhoti salwar is a perfect blend of comfort, style and chic statement. Pair them up with a bold tank top or traditional kurtas, their appeal is undeniable. Be the head turner in this fancy, fashionable fad , this Diwali. To add more to your look, team it up with indo-western chic makeup and accessories and you're all set to rock the Diwali party this time.Tips: Do not wear a dupatta if you opt to team up your dhoti salwar with the jacket. Best to be paired with short kurta to show off the fun style. 'Cos c o-ords are in fashionAdd a twist of fusion to your festive wear with this Diwali fashion trend. Co-ords have been making a wave in the fashion scene for some time, and it's your turn to turn up the heat, this Diwali, in these new style trends .Tips: Try light jewelry and minimum accessories with this trendy look . Pay attention to the fit of your co-ord wear to avoid making it look slumpy. Bring on the desi Diwali swag in brocade This Diwali, move over the usual desi prints and try something quintessentially traditional. Brocades have been the crown jewel of the Indian textile landscape. Go for a brocade print sari or try this Diwali fashion trend in skirts or salwar-kameez. You can add the edginess to your look by going for deep-neck blouses and floral sari . Try brocade in silk or velvet to bring out its original charm.Tips:  Don't be afraid to mix and match patterned accessories with brocade. Just keep the same color family and vary the scale, and patterns, if you'd like.  Show off shararaWhy go for mundane skirt look when you can strut in style in a sharara? Ultra-comfy and edgy, this style has been the talk of the fashion town and also a celebrity-loved trend . Try long slits, sheer or mesh, there are multiple varieties of shararas to style for Diwali. Tips:  The best way to flaunt your sharara look is by teaming it up with short Kurtis. Sari with jacket are all the rage, this DiwaliWhat can be a better way to sport a sari with a fun jacket, this Diwali! This fashion fad has been making waves for its boss-lady vibes. Last season, saris with capes were the IT thing, whereas, this year, it's uber-cool to pair a  sari with a jacket . A jacket on top of your sari can totally turn around your look. From traditionally dull, you can go on to become chic and smart in a sari with just one layer. Isn't this cool? Tips:  If you sari is heavily embellished, go for bold-hued jackets . Don't be afraid of mixing textures. Full of fashion and flare Dramatic blouse sleeves have been a head turning fashion trend . This festive season, try on flared sleeved blouses with your sari and add the much-needed spunk to your desi look . You can go for long or short variety and can also opt for deep back neck for additional appeal.Tips:  If you want your blouse to do the talking, try keeping your sari simple for the occasion. Go for heavy earrings and void neckpieces. Bangles would also not be needed with this fashion trend. Diwali Fashion Trends: FAQs 1. What to wear for Diwali Diwali is the time to celebrate with your family. It is also about celebrating our colorful traditions and vibrant culture. However, what you choose to wear should stem out from your idea of âÂÂâÂÂcomfort. If you're comfortable in salwar-kameer or sari or a pant-suit or shorts, you should totally rock it with all your confidence, and fashion and trends would follow! 2. Which dress code fits for the Diwali festival? Ideally, people generally prefer wearing traditional outfits like saris, lehengas and salwar-kameer. There are several other varieties of ethnic outfits from regional areas that can be totally your pick this Diwali. If you're celebrating the festival at home, you can go for something that gives you comfort and mobility as well as style. However, if you're spending this festive time outside the home, you can try new trends and styles like ethnic pants, dhoti salwar, among others. Our advice would be to blend comfort and fashion to have a great time. 3. Is it ok to wear a black color dress on Diwali? Several people in Indian people believe that black should not be picked up to wear on Diwali day. Independently, you can decide to wear the color that you want. But, the festive feeling is all about joy and celebration with your loved ones. It's best if you take advice from a family member to avoid hurting any sentiments on this auspicious day. Diwali , the festival of light, is a perfect celebration of all things bright. For those who love the style, Diwali gives them the right excuses to put their fashionable foot forward while the friends, family and loved ones come together to celebrate. If you're wondering about the Diwali fashion trends to follow, we've all the perfect compilation to strut in style for the glittering evenings.These Diwali fashion trends will also help you navigate the gifting dilemma for your girl gang and lovely women of your lives. This Diwali, you can channelize your inner diva as you get to exude exuberance, glitz and glamor in the stylish latest fashion from our perfect festive picks. Want to know which Diwali trends to pick that suit your innate style? Scroll below:Diwali Fashion Trends: Minimum Is MaximumThis Diwali, try your hands on some exhilarating minimalistic fashion . Minimalistic outfits are all the rage this season, and this Diwali, you can make the most of it. The basic principle of minimalistic fashion is to keep it simple. You can endorse a simple sari look, clubbed with natural makeup and light jewelry to mark the occasion. This Diwali fashion trend  will help you keep light and would make your celebration free of fuss. And whoever said, less is more, are obviously right. Try and find out! Tip:  You can use the art of layering to add charm to your minimalistic approach. Play up your look by mixing different textures. Diwali Fashion Trends: PalazzosPalazzos have made a distinct place in our hearts with their easy-breezy appeal and ultra-comfortable carryings. The best part about this Diwali fashion trend is that you can pair it with a crop top, tunic, kurta, Anarkali or even with a choli, and would eventually emerge out as the fashionista . Palazzos are also a top fave outfit style favored by celebs. Tip:  With a wide-legged palazzo pant , try long kurtas to add dimension to your outfit. If you're pairing it up with a tunic or long top, glam up with accessories like belts for add some definition to your look. This Diwali, show off some printed perfection Printed Maxi dresses are everybody's top favorite outfit, no matter the occasion. Come Diwali, try and pick some printed maxi dresses that match the festive appeal and accentuate your fashion game . You can go for an ethnic range, which is available in most brands or prefers something simplistic. Take cues from your favorite celebs and up your festive style game in printed maxi dresses .Tips: Don't go overboard by mixing too many different prints. However, if you're mixing patterns, don't blend more than two types of prints in your look. Go ethnic, this Diwali, with the veritable vestsWhether you are a lover of all things simple or adore a jazzed-up look, an ethnic vest, popularly known as Koti, can be the perfect pick this Diwali season. Pair it with your Anarkali, long kurta or a simple top, your festive fashion appeal would be unmatchable in this spunky Diwali fashion trend . Team it up with right accessories, and voila!Tip: Pay extra attention to the right fit. Vest, if not of the perfect fit, can break your look. This Diwali has a sequined affairThere can never be enough of sequins love possible in this world. A little bit of glitter can add the oomph to your look, making you the dazzling diva of every party. Sequins have been in vogue for quite some time. This Diwali, try on a sequined range of outfits at the glittering festivities . From sequined saris to skirts and even kurta, there's nothing that can't handle the sequin shine with elan. What would be your pick?Tips:  You look can be made much better if you add some bold colors to compliment sequins. With sequined outfits, chunky or clunky jewellery or excess accessories should be avoided. Ethnic pants are in vogue this DiwaliGone are the days when bottom wears cam with a limited range of varieties. This Diwali put your fashionable foot forward in ethnic pants. From intricately embroidered range to brocade and zari patterns, ethnic pants are all the rage this season. Pair them up with your fave kurta or crop top, the choice is all yours.Tips: Right fit is the right tip for ethnic pants fashion . Make sure the length of your kurta doesn't kill the charm of your pants. Crop top and lehenga - the perfect trend to pick this DiwaliEndorsed by all your fave celebs, crop top and lehenga combination tops our list of traditional yet spunky Diwali wear . With the accentuated oomph of the crop top and desi touch of the lehenga , this look is a sure-shot heart winner. Go plain or glittery, or printed or embroidered, there are more than one ways to rock this Diwali fashion trend. What would you choose?Tips:  Keep heavy jewellery at bay, if trying this fashion trend. It's best if you choose a simpler neckline for your crop top if you plan to wear jewelry , especially the heavy ones. Bring in comfort and fashion in dhoti salwarsDhoti salwar is a perfect blend of comfort, style and chic statement. Pair them up with a bold tank top or traditional kurtas, their appeal is undeniable. Be the head turner in this fancy, fashionable fad , this Diwali. To add more to your look, team it up with indo-western chic makeup and accessories and you're all set to rock the Diwali party this time.Tips: Do not wear a dupatta if you opt to team up your dhoti salwar with the jacket. Best to be paired with short kurta to show off the fun style. 'Cos c o-ords are in fashionAdd a twist of fusion to your festive wear with this Diwali fashion trend. Co-ords have been making a wave in the fashion scene for some time, and it's your turn to turn up the heat, this Diwali, in these new style trends .Tips: Try light jewelry and minimum accessories with this trendy look . Pay attention to the fit of your co-ord wear to avoid making it look slumpy. Bring on the desi Diwali swag in brocade This Diwali, move over the usual desi prints and try something quintessentially traditional. Brocades have been the crown jewel of the Indian textile landscape. Go for a brocade print sari or try this Diwali fashion trend in skirts or salwar-kameez. You can add the edginess to your look by going for deep-neck blouses and floral sari . Try brocade in silk or velvet to bring out its original charm.Tips:  Don't be afraid to mix and match patterned accessories with brocade. Just keep the same color family and vary the scale, and patterns, if you'd like.  Show off shararaWhy go for mundane skirt look when you can strut in style in a sharara? Ultra-comfy and edgy, this style has been the talk of the fashion town and also a celebrity-loved trend . Try long slits, sheer or mesh, there are multiple varieties of shararas to style for Diwali. Tips:  The best way to flaunt your sharara look is by teaming it up with short Kurtis. Sari with jacket are all the rage, this DiwaliWhat can be a better way to sport a sari with a fun jacket, this Diwali! This fashion fad has been making waves for its boss-lady vibes. Last season, saris with capes were the IT thing, whereas, this year, it's uber-cool to pair a  sari with a jacket . A jacket on top of your sari can totally turn around your look. From traditionally dull, you can go on to become chic and smart in a sari with just one layer. Isn't this cool? Tips:  If you sari is heavily embellished, go for bold-hued jackets . Don't be afraid of mixing textures. Full of fashion and flare Dramatic blouse sleeves have been a head turning fashion trend . This festive season, try on flared sleeved blouses with your sari and add the much-needed spunk to your desi look . You can go for long or short variety and can also opt for deep back neck for additional appeal.Tips:  If you want your blouse to do the talking, try keeping your sari simple for the occasion. Go for heavy earrings and void neckpieces. Bangles would also not be needed with this fashion trend. Diwali Fashion Trends: FAQs 1. What to wear for Diwali Diwali is the time to celebrate with your family. It is also about celebrating our colorful traditions and vibrant culture. However, what you choose to wear should stem out from your idea of âÂÂâÂÂcomfort. If you're comfortable in salwar-kameer or sari or a pant-suit or shorts, you should totally rock it with all your confidence, and fashion and trends would follow! 2. Which dress code fits for the Diwali festival? Ideally, people generally prefer wearing traditional outfits like saris, lehengas and salwar-kameer. There are several other varieties of ethnic outfits from regional areas that can be totally your pick this Diwali. If you're celebrating the festival at home, you can go for something that gives you comfort and mobility as well as style. However, if you're spending this festive time outside the home, you can try new trends and styles like ethnic pants, dhoti salwar, among others. Our advice would be to blend comfort and fashion to have a great time. 3. Is it ok to wear a black color dress on Diwali? Several people in Indian people believe that black should not be picked up to wear on Diwali day. Independently, you can decide to wear the color that you want. But, the festive feeling is all about joy and celebration with your loved ones. It's best if you take advice from a family member to avoid hurting any sentiments on this auspicious day. Somewhere in a far-off land, Cher Wolowitz and Carrie Bradshaw are silently approving the comeback of the mini skirt. Full props to the millennial celebrity brigade in Bollywood for single-handedly bringing back the classic trend into our lives. Ananya Panday and Janhvi Kapoor have managed to sport the trend in versatile ways. Whether they’re hitting the red carpet, or flexing their off-duty style while enjoying a Sunday brunch at Bastian, the young actresses have decoded multiple ways of wearing the tiny silhouette. Here’s a list of different ways in which you can style the ‘it’ trend of the season. Ananya PandayUpdate your work wardrobe with this beige twin set by Ulyana Sergeenko, and put your game face on, just like Ananya Panday did.Copy this Clueless inspired look for a date or a luncheon with friends.  Tara SutariaThe next time you want to colour block your look with a pop of neon, take a hint from Tara Sutraria’s Topshop skirt styled with a black and white blouse.If you’re going for a fun and flirty look, Tara Sutaria’s soda orange, skirt and jacket set is perfect for you. Sara Ali KhanIf sporty-chic is your vibe, opt for this sleek black skirt, and cropped top from Puma. Style it with a pastel jacket and a pair of trendy kicks, like Sara Ali Khan.  Priyanka Chopra JonasLet’s just say Priyanka Chopra Jonas knocked it out of the park with this turquoise turtle neck and mohair skirt ensemble by Max Mara and so can you. Janhvi KapoorTrust Janhvi Kapoor to teach you a thing or two on how to smartly blend retro with metallic, while working the mini skirt trend. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon demonstrating her street style best in an electric blue, asymmetrical skirt and jacket set by Farah Sanjana. Deepika PadukoneDoesn’t matter if you don’t have endless legs like Deepika Padukone, you can still wear this slogan patched, denim skirt and jacket by Kanika Goyal and look like a complete stunner. Kiara AdvaniKiara Advani looked effervescent in this powder pink, semi-sheer blouse and skirt by Anushka Khanna. This look is tailor-made for your next all-girls trip in an exotic location.					If you’re looking to elevate your festive wardrobe this season, take inspiration from these leading ladies who have opted for some unusual and gravity-defying blouse styles. From exaggerated shoulders to some risqué cuts with décolletage detail, these statement-making pieces are all you need. Traditional blouses are constantly being reinvented with a modern twist. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja kept it simple with a scarlet blouse, bearing an asymmetrical front opening. Sara Ali Khan opted for a sheer blouse with 3D floral applique. Want to step out of your comfort zone and experiment with your sartorial choices? Fret not, we’ve got you covered. Here’s our edit of all the styles in which you can interpret the unusual blouse trend. Ananya Pandayif you’re all about flaunting your curves, this barely-there, silver embellished blouse by Sabyasachi is perfect for you. Tara SutariaThis aqua blue, corset with an added rib cage detail by Papa don’t preach is the ideal fusion wear. Sara Ali KhanSara Ali Khan doesn’t play by the rule. Case in point – this all-black, power shouldered blouse with a 3D texture she was recently seen in. If you don’t like to keep it subtle, this Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla number is tailor-made for you. Shraddha KapoorShraddha Kapoor redefines elegance in this sage green, peplum blouse by Kresha Bajaj. Kriti SanonTrust Kriti Sanon to effortlessly work this metallic, hot pink, piece-of-art by Amit Aggarwal. Sonam Kapoor AhujaThis red, floral printed Vedika M blouse on Sonam Kapoor Ahuja may look simple to you from the front, but the back detail is where you get your money shot.Another day another Sonam Kapoor Ahuja outfit you bookmark for future reference. The actress styled this Tamil print sari by House of Masaba with an off-shouldered, balloon sleeved blouse. Priyanka Chopra JonasThe original desi girl raising the oomph factor in this printed Sabyasachi bralette, styled with a ruffled sari. Brownie points on keeping it subtle yet sensuous. Aditi Rao HydariKnown as the ethereal princess of Bollywood, Aditi Rao Hydari looked striking in this midnight-blue, semi-sheer, cut-out blouse by Falguni Shane Peacock. Katrina KaifIf there’s anybody who can work this plunging neckline, ruffle sleeved blouse by Manish Malhotra, it’s Katrina Kaif. Konkona SensharmaThe power-house actress has mastered the art of keeping it easy-chic. Seen here in a mandarin collared bubblegum pink blouse, paired with a smoke grey sari designed by Arjun Saluja. Jacqueline FernandezThe glamour goddess looked like a complete head turned in this rose pink, semi-sheer, ruffle sleeved blouse by Falguni Shane Peacock.					Somewhere in a far-off land, Cher Wolowitz and Carrie Bradshaw are silently approving the comeback of the mini skirt. Full props to the millennial celebrity brigade in Bollywood for single-handedly bringing back the classic trend into our lives. Ananya Panday and Janhvi Kapoor have managed to sport the trend in versatile ways. Whether they’re hitting the red carpet, or flexing their off-duty style while enjoying a Sunday brunch at Bastian, the young actresses have decoded multiple ways of wearing the tiny silhouette. Here’s a list of different ways in which you can style the ‘it’ trend of the season. Ananya PandayUpdate your work wardrobe with this beige twin set by Ulyana Sergeenko, and put your game face on, just like Ananya Panday did.Copy this Clueless inspired look for a date or a luncheon with friends.  Tara SutariaThe next time you want to colour block your look with a pop of neon, take a hint from Tara Sutraria’s Topshop skirt styled with a black and white blouse.If you’re going for a fun and flirty look, Tara Sutaria’s soda orange, skirt and jacket set is perfect for you. Sara Ali KhanIf sporty-chic is your vibe, opt for this sleek black skirt, and cropped top from Puma. Style it with a pastel jacket and a pair of trendy kicks, like Sara Ali Khan.  Priyanka Chopra JonasLet’s just say Priyanka Chopra Jonas knocked it out of the park with this turquoise turtle neck and mohair skirt ensemble by Max Mara and so can you. Janhvi KapoorTrust Janhvi Kapoor to teach you a thing or two on how to smartly blend retro with metallic, while working the mini skirt trend. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon demonstrating her street style best in an electric blue, asymmetrical skirt and jacket set by Farah Sanjana. Deepika PadukoneDoesn’t matter if you don’t have endless legs like Deepika Padukone, you can still wear this slogan patched, denim skirt and jacket by Kanika Goyal and look like a complete stunner. Kiara AdvaniKiara Advani looked effervescent in this powder pink, semi-sheer blouse and skirt by Anushka Khanna. This look is tailor-made for your next all-girls trip in an exotic location.					Somewhere in a far-off land, Cher Wolowitz and Carrie Bradshaw are silently approving the comeback of the mini skirt. Full props to the millennial celebrity brigade in Bollywood for single-handedly bringing back the classic trend into our lives. Ananya Panday and Janhvi Kapoor have managed to sport the trend in versatile ways. Whether they’re hitting the red carpet, or flexing their off-duty style while enjoying a Sunday brunch at Bastian, the young actresses have decoded multiple ways of wearing the tiny silhouette. Here’s a list of different ways in which you can style the ‘it’ trend of the season. Ananya PandayUpdate your work wardrobe with this beige twin set by Ulyana Sergeenko, and put your game face on, just like Ananya Panday did.Copy this Clueless inspired look for a date or a luncheon with friends.  Tara SutariaThe next time you want to colour block your look with a pop of neon, take a hint from Tara Sutraria’s Topshop skirt styled with a black and white blouse.If you’re going for a fun and flirty look, Tara Sutaria’s soda orange, skirt and jacket set is perfect for you. Sara Ali KhanIf sporty-chic is your vibe, opt for this sleek black skirt, and cropped top from Puma. Style it with a pastel jacket and a pair of trendy kicks, like Sara Ali Khan.  Priyanka Chopra JonasLet’s just say Priyanka Chopra Jonas knocked it out of the park with this turquoise turtle neck and mohair skirt ensemble by Max Mara and so can you. Janhvi KapoorTrust Janhvi Kapoor to teach you a thing or two on how to smartly blend retro with metallic, while working the mini skirt trend. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon demonstrating her street style best in an electric blue, asymmetrical skirt and jacket set by Farah Sanjana. Deepika PadukoneDoesn’t matter if you don’t have endless legs like Deepika Padukone, you can still wear this slogan patched, denim skirt and jacket by Kanika Goyal and look like a complete stunner. Kiara AdvaniKiara Advani looked effervescent in this powder pink, semi-sheer blouse and skirt by Anushka Khanna. This look is tailor-made for your next all-girls trip in an exotic location.					If you’re looking to elevate your festive wardrobe this season, take inspiration from these leading ladies who have opted for some unusual and gravity-defying blouse styles. From exaggerated shoulders to some risqué cuts with décolletage detail, these statement-making pieces are all you need. Traditional blouses are constantly being reinvented with a modern twist. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja kept it simple with a scarlet blouse, bearing an asymmetrical front opening. Sara Ali Khan opted for a sheer blouse with 3D floral applique. Want to step out of your comfort zone and experiment with your sartorial choices? Fret not, we’ve got you covered. Here’s our edit of all the styles in which you can interpret the unusual blouse trend. Ananya Pandayif you’re all about flaunting your curves, this barely-there, silver embellished blouse by Sabyasachi is perfect for you. Tara SutariaThis aqua blue, corset with an added rib cage detail by Papa don’t preach is the ideal fusion wear. Sara Ali KhanSara Ali Khan doesn’t play by the rule. Case in point – this all-black, power shouldered blouse with a 3D texture she was recently seen in. If you don’t like to keep it subtle, this Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla number is tailor-made for you. Shraddha KapoorShraddha Kapoor redefines elegance in this sage green, peplum blouse by Kresha Bajaj. Kriti SanonTrust Kriti Sanon to effortlessly work this metallic, hot pink, piece-of-art by Amit Aggarwal. Sonam Kapoor AhujaThis red, floral printed Vedika M blouse on Sonam Kapoor Ahuja may look simple to you from the front, but the back detail is where you get your money shot.Another day another Sonam Kapoor Ahuja outfit you bookmark for future reference. The actress styled this Tamil print sari by House of Masaba with an off-shouldered, balloon sleeved blouse. Priyanka Chopra JonasThe original desi girl raising the oomph factor in this printed Sabyasachi bralette, styled with a ruffled sari. Brownie points on keeping it subtle yet sensuous. Aditi Rao HydariKnown as the ethereal princess of Bollywood, Aditi Rao Hydari looked striking in this midnight-blue, semi-sheer, cut-out blouse by Falguni Shane Peacock. Katrina KaifIf there’s anybody who can work this plunging neckline, ruffle sleeved blouse by Manish Malhotra, it’s Katrina Kaif. Konkona SensharmaThe power-house actress has mastered the art of keeping it easy-chic. Seen here in a mandarin collared bubblegum pink blouse, paired with a smoke grey sari designed by Arjun Saluja. Jacqueline FernandezThe glamour goddess looked like a complete head turned in this rose pink, semi-sheer, ruffle sleeved blouse by Falguni Shane Peacock.					If you’re looking to elevate your festive wardrobe this season, take inspiration from these leading ladies who have opted for some unusual and gravity-defying blouse styles. From exaggerated shoulders to some risqué cuts with décolletage detail, these statement-making pieces are all you need. Traditional blouses are constantly being reinvented with a modern twist. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja kept it simple with a scarlet blouse, bearing an asymmetrical front opening. Sara Ali Khan opted for a sheer blouse with 3D floral applique. Want to step out of your comfort zone and experiment with your sartorial choices? Fret not, we’ve got you covered. Here’s our edit of all the styles in which you can interpret the unusual blouse trend. Ananya Pandayif you’re all about flaunting your curves, this barely-there, silver embellished blouse by Sabyasachi is perfect for you. Tara SutariaThis aqua blue, corset with an added rib cage detail by Papa don’t preach is the ideal fusion wear. Sara Ali KhanSara Ali Khan doesn’t play by the rule. Case in point – this all-black, power shouldered blouse with a 3D texture she was recently seen in. If you don’t like to keep it subtle, this Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla number is tailor-made for you. Shraddha KapoorShraddha Kapoor redefines elegance in this sage green, peplum blouse by Kresha Bajaj. Kriti SanonTrust Kriti Sanon to effortlessly work this metallic, hot pink, piece-of-art by Amit Aggarwal. Sonam Kapoor AhujaThis red, floral printed Vedika M blouse on Sonam Kapoor Ahuja may look simple to you from the front, but the back detail is where you get your money shot.Another day another Sonam Kapoor Ahuja outfit you bookmark for future reference. The actress styled this Tamil print sari by House of Masaba with an off-shouldered, balloon sleeved blouse. Priyanka Chopra JonasThe original desi girl raising the oomph factor in this printed Sabyasachi bralette, styled with a ruffled sari. Brownie points on keeping it subtle yet sensuous. Aditi Rao HydariKnown as the ethereal princess of Bollywood, Aditi Rao Hydari looked striking in this midnight-blue, semi-sheer, cut-out blouse by Falguni Shane Peacock. Katrina KaifIf there’s anybody who can work this plunging neckline, ruffle sleeved blouse by Manish Malhotra, it’s Katrina Kaif. Konkona SensharmaThe power-house actress has mastered the art of keeping it easy-chic. Seen here in a mandarin collared bubblegum pink blouse, paired with a smoke grey sari designed by Arjun Saluja. Jacqueline FernandezThe glamour goddess looked like a complete head turned in this rose pink, semi-sheer, ruffle sleeved blouse by Falguni Shane Peacock.					Athleisure is slowly revolutionising as the streetwear in India. Credit the enthusiastic paparazzi culture for capturing your favourite celebrities as they step in and out of the city’s hottest workout spots. We bet, by now you know that Sara Ali Khan is a Pilate’s girl, Malika Arora swears by yoga and Alia Bhatt likes to do it all, because she can. If their rock-solid abs don’t motivate you to drop the packet of chips and hit the gym, their comfortable-chic range of tracksuits definitely will. From cropped hoodies, neon jackets, and colour-blocked bombers to racer-back sports bras, and graphic printed tank tops, there’s a plethora of options to pick from. Kareena Kapoor Khan has mastered the art of more is more, even when it comes to activewear, she likes to add a pop of colour or a shade of neon. Mira Rajput Kapoor, on the other hand, is often sighted in abstract printed, neutral coloured athleisure to the gym. Here’s our edit of all the celebrity-approved tracksuits you need to invest in.  Malaika Arora Style the animal print set with a solid coloured jacket, just like Malaika Arora did. Vaani Kapoor and Sophie ChoudryIf you’re not a fan of all thing matching, opt for a neutral coloured sports bra and legging combination and round it up with a cropped jacket like Vaani Kapoor. You can also use an element of colour from the rest of your clothing in your bomber, just like Sophie Choudry. Kriti Sanon Flaunt your toned midriff in a cropped red T-shirt and track like Kriti Sanon. Elevate your style quotient with this sage green, racer-back sports bra and yoga pants, pair it with a soda orange jacket for that additional burst of colour.  Kiara AdvaniIf understated sexy with a hint of femininity is your vibe, pick Kiara Ali Advani’s bubblegum pink tracksuit while catching your next red-eye.  Mira Rajput Kapoor Mira Rajput Kapoor’s printed tracksuit with a single coloured jacket is for those like to mix it up prints and patterns in their workout wardrobe.  Kareena Kapoor Khan Trust Kareena Kapoor Khan to make you want to revisit the neon trend, full points on getting it right by styling it on an all-black outfit.					The Chopra sisters have demonstrated an alternative way to wear the popular pantsuit. Priyanka Chopra Jonas stepped out in powder pink, satin pantsuit by label Munthe, for the inaugural NBA India Game. Chopra-Jonas opted for this loose-fitted, power suit in a pastel hue, ditching the dark-toned, form-flattering version she’s generally seen in. Parineeti Chopra’s choice of the satin suit will convince you to invest in one. The junior Chopra sister was first seen working the trend in a pearl white suit, from the Tommy Hilfiger and Zendaya collaboration. Not many moons later, the actress chose a similar outfit, this time a navy-blue number by H&M, rounded off the look with a Celine belt and a pair of closed-toe pumps. Look at all the latest additions to this statement-making trend. Priyanka Chopra Jonas The tangerine pantsuit makes the perfect case for easy-chic date-night dressing.  Parineeti ChopraThis off-white suit is a definite game-changer in relaxed power dressing.If you’re looking to shuffle between work and leisure on a Friday night, this H&M navy suit is all you need.  Katrina Kaif This periwinkle blue suit with a long jacket by Michelle Mason strikes the ultimate balance between semi-casual and formal. Shamita Shetty This House of CB, nude-pink suit is ideal for you if power dressing with a hint of glamour is your vibe.					Athleisure is slowly revolutionising as the streetwear in India. Credit the enthusiastic paparazzi culture for capturing your favourite celebrities as they step in and out of the city’s hottest workout spots. We bet, by now you know that Sara Ali Khan is a Pilate’s girl, Malika Arora swears by yoga and Alia Bhatt likes to do it all, because she can. If their rock-solid abs don’t motivate you to drop the packet of chips and hit the gym, their comfortable-chic range of tracksuits definitely will. From cropped hoodies, neon jackets, and colour-blocked bombers to racer-back sports bras, and graphic printed tank tops, there’s a plethora of options to pick from. Kareena Kapoor Khan has mastered the art of more is more, even when it comes to activewear, she likes to add a pop of colour or a shade of neon. Mira Rajput Kapoor, on the other hand, is often sighted in abstract printed, neutral coloured athleisure to the gym. Here’s our edit of all the celebrity-approved tracksuits you need to invest in.  Malaika Arora Style the animal print set with a solid coloured jacket, just like Malaika Arora did. Vaani Kapoor and Sophie ChoudryIf you’re not a fan of all thing matching, opt for a neutral coloured sports bra and legging combination and round it up with a cropped jacket like Vaani Kapoor. You can also use an element of colour from the rest of your clothing in your bomber, just like Sophie Choudry. Kriti Sanon Flaunt your toned midriff in a cropped red T-shirt and track like Kriti Sanon. Elevate your style quotient with this sage green, racer-back sports bra and yoga pants, pair it with a soda orange jacket for that additional burst of colour.  Kiara AdvaniIf understated sexy with a hint of femininity is your vibe, pick Kiara Ali Advani’s bubblegum pink tracksuit while catching your next red-eye.  Mira Rajput Kapoor Mira Rajput Kapoor’s printed tracksuit with a single coloured jacket is for those like to mix it up prints and patterns in their workout wardrobe.  Kareena Kapoor Khan Trust Kareena Kapoor Khan to make you want to revisit the neon trend, full points on getting it right by styling it on an all-black outfit.					Athleisure is slowly revolutionising as the streetwear in India. Credit the enthusiastic paparazzi culture for capturing your favourite celebrities as they step in and out of the city’s hottest workout spots. We bet, by now you know that Sara Ali Khan is a Pilate’s girl, Malika Arora swears by yoga and Alia Bhatt likes to do it all, because she can. If their rock-solid abs don’t motivate you to drop the packet of chips and hit the gym, their comfortable-chic range of tracksuits definitely will. From cropped hoodies, neon jackets, and colour-blocked bombers to racer-back sports bras, and graphic printed tank tops, there’s a plethora of options to pick from. Kareena Kapoor Khan has mastered the art of more is more, even when it comes to activewear, she likes to add a pop of colour or a shade of neon. Mira Rajput Kapoor, on the other hand, is often sighted in abstract printed, neutral coloured athleisure to the gym. Here’s our edit of all the celebrity-approved tracksuits you need to invest in.  Malaika Arora Style the animal print set with a solid coloured jacket, just like Malaika Arora did. Vaani Kapoor and Sophie ChoudryIf you’re not a fan of all thing matching, opt for a neutral coloured sports bra and legging combination and round it up with a cropped jacket like Vaani Kapoor. You can also use an element of colour from the rest of your clothing in your bomber, just like Sophie Choudry. Kriti Sanon Flaunt your toned midriff in a cropped red T-shirt and track like Kriti Sanon. Elevate your style quotient with this sage green, racer-back sports bra and yoga pants, pair it with a soda orange jacket for that additional burst of colour.  Kiara AdvaniIf understated sexy with a hint of femininity is your vibe, pick Kiara Ali Advani’s bubblegum pink tracksuit while catching your next red-eye.  Mira Rajput Kapoor Mira Rajput Kapoor’s printed tracksuit with a single coloured jacket is for those like to mix it up prints and patterns in their workout wardrobe.  Kareena Kapoor Khan Trust Kareena Kapoor Khan to make you want to revisit the neon trend, full points on getting it right by styling it on an all-black outfit.					The Chopra sisters have demonstrated an alternative way to wear the popular pantsuit. Priyanka Chopra Jonas stepped out in powder pink, satin pantsuit by label Munthe, for the inaugural NBA India Game. Chopra-Jonas opted for this loose-fitted, power suit in a pastel hue, ditching the dark-toned, form-flattering version she’s generally seen in. Parineeti Chopra’s choice of the satin suit will convince you to invest in one. The junior Chopra sister was first seen working the trend in a pearl white suit, from the Tommy Hilfiger and Zendaya collaboration. Not many moons later, the actress chose a similar outfit, this time a navy-blue number by H&M, rounded off the look with a Celine belt and a pair of closed-toe pumps. Look at all the latest additions to this statement-making trend. Priyanka Chopra Jonas The tangerine pantsuit makes the perfect case for easy-chic date-night dressing.  Parineeti ChopraThis off-white suit is a definite game-changer in relaxed power dressing.If you’re looking to shuffle between work and leisure on a Friday night, this H&M navy suit is all you need.  Katrina Kaif This periwinkle blue suit with a long jacket by Michelle Mason strikes the ultimate balance between semi-casual and formal. Shamita Shetty This House of CB, nude-pink suit is ideal for you if power dressing with a hint of glamour is your vibe.					The Chopra sisters have demonstrated an alternative way to wear the popular pantsuit. Priyanka Chopra Jonas stepped out in powder pink, satin pantsuit by label Munthe, for the inaugural NBA India Game. Chopra-Jonas opted for this loose-fitted, power suit in a pastel hue, ditching the dark-toned, form-flattering version she’s generally seen in. Parineeti Chopra’s choice of the satin suit will convince you to invest in one. The junior Chopra sister was first seen working the trend in a pearl white suit, from the Tommy Hilfiger and Zendaya collaboration. Not many moons later, the actress chose a similar outfit, this time a navy-blue number by H&M, rounded off the look with a Celine belt and a pair of closed-toe pumps. Look at all the latest additions to this statement-making trend. Priyanka Chopra Jonas The tangerine pantsuit makes the perfect case for easy-chic date-night dressing.  Parineeti ChopraThis off-white suit is a definite game-changer in relaxed power dressing.If you’re looking to shuffle between work and leisure on a Friday night, this H&M navy suit is all you need.  Katrina Kaif This periwinkle blue suit with a long jacket by Michelle Mason strikes the ultimate balance between semi-casual and formal. Shamita Shetty This House of CB, nude-pink suit is ideal for you if power dressing with a hint of glamour is your vibe.					Sonam Kapoor Ahuja, Priyanka Chopra Jonas, Anushka Sharma and Alia Bhatt will convince you to trade the heavy-weight ethnic silhouettes for these elegant printed saris this festive season. Just in time when you’re planning your wardrobe for all the upcoming Diwali parties, these leading ladies have served some serious sartorial inspiration for you. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja and Priyanka Chopra Jonas were seen sporting the trend during their movie promotions, Anushka Sharma was draped in the printed 6 yards for an award function. Here’s our edit of all the printed saris you need to bookmark for the upcoming festivities. Priyanka Chopra Jonas opted for this black, floral-printed sari by Sabyasachi and styled it with her signature sleeveless blouse. She looked like a complete head-turner when she stepped out for the promotion of her upcoming movie. During which, she rocked another printed number by the same label, this time in an off-white and red combination with a retro, polka dotted twist. If there’s a new trend on the horizon, Sonam Kapoor Ahuja is on the forefront of it. Recently, the actor wore a foliage green, micro-floral printed sari by Masaba Gupta and elevated the look with statement silver jewellery. Kapoor-Ahuja kept it easy-chic, something you can effortlessly recreate.  Anushka Sharma swears by the less in more formula, even when it comes to traditional looks, she likes to keep it minimal. Case in point, the mint-green, floral sari by Sabyasachi that she wore for an award function. Staying true to her aesthetic, she rounded off the look with statement shoulder dusters and a messy bun.  Planning the next event on your social calendar and wondering what to wear? Take cues from Kriti Sanon. The marsala hued, printed floral sari with ruffle detail by Arpita Mehta is perfect for all the upcoming Diwali Poojas as well as the late-night card parties.  Madhuri Dixit Nene epitomises grace like no other, and there’s nobody who defines timeless beauty like her. Every time she serves a look, you sit up and take notes. If bold and bright colours aren’t your style, you can opt for this pastel pink, printed organza sari by Jade like the beautiful actress did.					Sonam Kapoor Ahuja, Priyanka Chopra Jonas, Anushka Sharma and Alia Bhatt will convince you to trade the heavy-weight ethnic silhouettes for these elegant printed saris this festive season. Just in time when you’re planning your wardrobe for all the upcoming Diwali parties, these leading ladies have served some serious sartorial inspiration for you. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja and Priyanka Chopra Jonas were seen sporting the trend during their movie promotions, Anushka Sharma was draped in the printed 6 yards for an award function. Here’s our edit of all the printed saris you need to bookmark for the upcoming festivities. Priyanka Chopra Jonas opted for this black, floral-printed sari by Sabyasachi and styled it with her signature sleeveless blouse. She looked like a complete head-turner when she stepped out for the promotion of her upcoming movie. During which, she rocked another printed number by the same label, this time in an off-white and red combination with a retro, polka dotted twist. If there’s a new trend on the horizon, Sonam Kapoor Ahuja is on the forefront of it. Recently, the actor wore a foliage green, micro-floral printed sari by Masaba Gupta and elevated the look with statement silver jewellery. Kapoor-Ahuja kept it easy-chic, something you can effortlessly recreate.  Anushka Sharma swears by the less in more formula, even when it comes to traditional looks, she likes to keep it minimal. Case in point, the mint-green, floral sari by Sabyasachi that she wore for an award function. Staying true to her aesthetic, she rounded off the look with statement shoulder dusters and a messy bun.  Planning the next event on your social calendar and wondering what to wear? Take cues from Kriti Sanon. The marsala hued, printed floral sari with ruffle detail by Arpita Mehta is perfect for all the upcoming Diwali Poojas as well as the late-night card parties.  Madhuri Dixit Nene epitomises grace like no other, and there’s nobody who defines timeless beauty like her. Every time she serves a look, you sit up and take notes. If bold and bright colours aren’t your style, you can opt for this pastel pink, printed organza sari by Jade like the beautiful actress did.					Sonam Kapoor Ahuja, Priyanka Chopra Jonas, Anushka Sharma and Alia Bhatt will convince you to trade the heavy-weight ethnic silhouettes for these elegant printed saris this festive season. Just in time when you’re planning your wardrobe for all the upcoming Diwali parties, these leading ladies have served some serious sartorial inspiration for you. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja and Priyanka Chopra Jonas were seen sporting the trend during their movie promotions, Anushka Sharma was draped in the printed 6 yards for an award function. Here’s our edit of all the printed saris you need to bookmark for the upcoming festivities. Priyanka Chopra Jonas opted for this black, floral-printed sari by Sabyasachi and styled it with her signature sleeveless blouse. She looked like a complete head-turner when she stepped out for the promotion of her upcoming movie. During which, she rocked another printed number by the same label, this time in an off-white and red combination with a retro, polka dotted twist. If there’s a new trend on the horizon, Sonam Kapoor Ahuja is on the forefront of it. Recently, the actor wore a foliage green, micro-floral printed sari by Masaba Gupta and elevated the look with statement silver jewellery. Kapoor-Ahuja kept it easy-chic, something you can effortlessly recreate.  Anushka Sharma swears by the less in more formula, even when it comes to traditional looks, she likes to keep it minimal. Case in point, the mint-green, floral sari by Sabyasachi that she wore for an award function. Staying true to her aesthetic, she rounded off the look with statement shoulder dusters and a messy bun.  Planning the next event on your social calendar and wondering what to wear? Take cues from Kriti Sanon. The marsala hued, printed floral sari with ruffle detail by Arpita Mehta is perfect for all the upcoming Diwali Poojas as well as the late-night card parties.  Madhuri Dixit Nene epitomises grace like no other, and there’s nobody who defines timeless beauty like her. Every time she serves a look, you sit up and take notes. If bold and bright colours aren’t your style, you can opt for this pastel pink, printed organza sari by Jade like the beautiful actress did.					Though this chic phenomenon is not entirely new, its popularity among people is on a rise thanks to its flamboyant presence on social media platforms. If done right, this a la mode fashion can add that extra bit of oomph to your attire. Take a moment and reminisce about the days when we would send out anxious messages to our gang asking them about their outfits. What they were donning for the night? What if our outfits matched? The horror! These momentous precautions have a taken a back seat with changing times.  Matching outfits with your friend is no more a faux pas. Instead, it has become a raging and super fun trend that is here to stay! Twinning as a trend first emerged in South Korea’s K-pop culture. While coordinating your outfits completely is not an anomaly entirely, it can overpower the essence of your real personality and make you look, umm, a little too alike. But hey! We’ve got you covered. Have a look at these simple tips and tricks to ace the twinning game. Go ahead and make that winning statement with your fashion twin! One colour palette, multiple outfitsThis is a great way to flaunt the twin-win look without being too discernible. No worries even if you and bestie have different taste when it comes to styling your clothes. The main idea is to predominantly stay within the same colour palette and explore varied outfits. Think Gigi Hadid’s and Kendal Jenner’s iconic twin ensembles Match your fabricsHere’s an easy breezy example to help you get a better idea about this tip.  You can wear a chic eyelet white cotton dress with and your twin can throw on a white top having a similar eyelet detail. Dressing in tandem with your friend in this way leaves a lot of room for experimentation.  Top to bottom! Bottom to top!Interchanging the colours of your outfit with your BFF can be really fun. Fancy sporting a cute baby pink skirt with a pastel blue top? Your BFF, on the other hand, can rock a baby pink top with a pastel blue skirt. Think out of the boxWhat’s the first thing that comes to your mind when you think about twinning? Matching your garbs, right? While this is the most popular choice, there are some other subtle ways in which you can strut your way into the twin parade. How about getting matching phone covers? You are your fashion twin will be carrying around your phone pretty much everywhere. Bring out those accessories There are a myriad of ways in which you can elevate your twinning game without synchronizing your outfits from head to toe. Add a pair of matching oxidized tribal jhumkas to your ensemble for that subtle yet classy twinning look.  So there you have it! Your very own handy guide which will aid you in conquering this super-fun trend. Lastly, we would just want to remind you that twinning is not about replicating each other’s clothes. Don’t strive to look identical! It is one thing to twin your outfit with a person and another to look like their clone. Maintaining your identity is of crucial importance. Reflect on of your personal sense of style. Ensure that your individual personality shines through your matching outfit. A lot is shouldered by the details therein. The aim is not to look like identical twins. You want to alike but different. You can wear the same shirt but pair it up with different bottoms. Wear dresses with a similar length but different prints. Yes, twinning can be that effortless. Though this chic phenomenon is not entirely new, its popularity among people is on a rise thanks to its flamboyant presence on social media platforms. If done right, this a la mode fashion can add that extra bit of oomph to your attire. Take a moment and reminisce about the days when we would send out anxious messages to our gang asking them about their outfits. What they were donning for the night? What if our outfits matched? The horror! These momentous precautions have a taken a back seat with changing times.  Matching outfits with your friend is no more a faux pas. Instead, it has become a raging and super fun trend that is here to stay! Twinning as a trend first emerged in South Korea’s K-pop culture. While coordinating your outfits completely is not an anomaly entirely, it can overpower the essence of your real personality and make you look, umm, a little too alike. But hey! We’ve got you covered. Have a look at these simple tips and tricks to ace the twinning game. Go ahead and make that winning statement with your fashion twin! One colour palette, multiple outfitsThis is a great way to flaunt the twin-win look without being too discernible. No worries even if you and bestie have different taste when it comes to styling your clothes. The main idea is to predominantly stay within the same colour palette and explore varied outfits. Think Gigi Hadid’s and Kendal Jenner’s iconic twin ensembles Match your fabricsHere’s an easy breezy example to help you get a better idea about this tip.  You can wear a chic eyelet white cotton dress with and your twin can throw on a white top having a similar eyelet detail. Dressing in tandem with your friend in this way leaves a lot of room for experimentation.  Top to bottom! Bottom to top!Interchanging the colours of your outfit with your BFF can be really fun. Fancy sporting a cute baby pink skirt with a pastel blue top? Your BFF, on the other hand, can rock a baby pink top with a pastel blue skirt. Think out of the boxWhat’s the first thing that comes to your mind when you think about twinning? Matching your garbs, right? While this is the most popular choice, there are some other subtle ways in which you can strut your way into the twin parade. How about getting matching phone covers? You are your fashion twin will be carrying around your phone pretty much everywhere. Bring out those accessories There are a myriad of ways in which you can elevate your twinning game without synchronizing your outfits from head to toe. Add a pair of matching oxidized tribal jhumkas to your ensemble for that subtle yet classy twinning look.  So there you have it! Your very own handy guide which will aid you in conquering this super-fun trend. Lastly, we would just want to remind you that twinning is not about replicating each other’s clothes. Don’t strive to look identical! It is one thing to twin your outfit with a person and another to look like their clone. Maintaining your identity is of crucial importance. Reflect on of your personal sense of style. Ensure that your individual personality shines through your matching outfit. A lot is shouldered by the details therein. The aim is not to look like identical twins. You want to alike but different. You can wear the same shirt but pair it up with different bottoms. Wear dresses with a similar length but different prints. Yes, twinning can be that effortless. Though this chic phenomenon is not entirely new, its popularity among people is on a rise thanks to its flamboyant presence on social media platforms. If done right, this a la mode fashion can add that extra bit of oomph to your attire. Take a moment and reminisce about the days when we would send out anxious messages to our gang asking them about their outfits. What they were donning for the night? What if our outfits matched? The horror! These momentous precautions have a taken a back seat with changing times.  Matching outfits with your friend is no more a faux pas. Instead, it has become a raging and super fun trend that is here to stay! Twinning as a trend first emerged in South Korea’s K-pop culture. While coordinating your outfits completely is not an anomaly entirely, it can overpower the essence of your real personality and make you look, umm, a little too alike. But hey! We’ve got you covered. Have a look at these simple tips and tricks to ace the twinning game. Go ahead and make that winning statement with your fashion twin! One colour palette, multiple outfitsThis is a great way to flaunt the twin-win look without being too discernible. No worries even if you and bestie have different taste when it comes to styling your clothes. The main idea is to predominantly stay within the same colour palette and explore varied outfits. Think Gigi Hadid’s and Kendal Jenner’s iconic twin ensembles Match your fabricsHere’s an easy breezy example to help you get a better idea about this tip.  You can wear a chic eyelet white cotton dress with and your twin can throw on a white top having a similar eyelet detail. Dressing in tandem with your friend in this way leaves a lot of room for experimentation.  Top to bottom! Bottom to top!Interchanging the colours of your outfit with your BFF can be really fun. Fancy sporting a cute baby pink skirt with a pastel blue top? Your BFF, on the other hand, can rock a baby pink top with a pastel blue skirt. Think out of the boxWhat’s the first thing that comes to your mind when you think about twinning? Matching your garbs, right? While this is the most popular choice, there are some other subtle ways in which you can strut your way into the twin parade. How about getting matching phone covers? You are your fashion twin will be carrying around your phone pretty much everywhere. Bring out those accessories There are a myriad of ways in which you can elevate your twinning game without synchronizing your outfits from head to toe. Add a pair of matching oxidized tribal jhumkas to your ensemble for that subtle yet classy twinning look.  So there you have it! Your very own handy guide which will aid you in conquering this super-fun trend. Lastly, we would just want to remind you that twinning is not about replicating each other’s clothes. Don’t strive to look identical! It is one thing to twin your outfit with a person and another to look like their clone. Maintaining your identity is of crucial importance. Reflect on of your personal sense of style. Ensure that your individual personality shines through your matching outfit. A lot is shouldered by the details therein. The aim is not to look like identical twins. You want to alike but different. You can wear the same shirt but pair it up with different bottoms. Wear dresses with a similar length but different prints. Yes, twinning can be that effortless. In the recent times, we have seen the resurgence of power suits in all patterns and prints, but the one to recur on our Instagram feed time and again is the black power suit. Available in different cuts, silhouettes, and styles, these suits are the epitome of elegance and smartness, and can be styled in multiple ways. Some of the most striking pieces donned by Bollywood divas are listed below; have a look:Kareena Kapoor KhanThe one-sleeved suit by Nikhil Thampi definitely steals the limelight.Kangana RanautThis embellished two-piece by Nedret Taciroglu spells power all the way.Fatima Sana ShaikhTrying to find something that’d be perfect for a big office meeting? Look no further. This suit by Khanijo is all you need.Sonam Kapoor AhujaIf you’re someone who thinks bigger is better, then this one by Jacquemus is just the one for you.  Amyra DasturThese separates by Ashish N Soni will set you in your party mood.Shilpa Shetty KundraWhat’s an ideal outfit to wear in a soiree you ask? This is it; by Jacquemus.  Kalki KoechlinThis Armani power suit complemented with a white blouse is the ideal marriage (if that could be a thing) between sophistication and ease. In the recent times, we have seen the resurgence of power suits in all patterns and prints, but the one to recur on our Instagram feed time and again is the black power suit. Available in different cuts, silhouettes, and styles, these suits are the epitome of elegance and smartness, and can be styled in multiple ways. Some of the most striking pieces donned by Bollywood divas are listed below; have a look:Kareena Kapoor KhanThe one-sleeved suit by Nikhil Thampi definitely steals the limelight.Kangana RanautThis embellished two-piece by Nedret Taciroglu spells power all the way.Fatima Sana ShaikhTrying to find something that’d be perfect for a big office meeting? Look no further. This suit by Khanijo is all you need.Sonam Kapoor AhujaIf you’re someone who thinks bigger is better, then this one by Jacquemus is just the one for you.  Amyra DasturThese separates by Ashish N Soni will set you in your party mood.Shilpa Shetty KundraWhat’s an ideal outfit to wear in a soiree you ask? This is it; by Jacquemus.  Kalki KoechlinThis Armani power suit complemented with a white blouse is the ideal marriage (if that could be a thing) between sophistication and ease. In the recent times, we have seen the resurgence of power suits in all patterns and prints, but the one to recur on our Instagram feed time and again is the black power suit. Available in different cuts, silhouettes, and styles, these suits are the epitome of elegance and smartness, and can be styled in multiple ways. Some of the most striking pieces donned by Bollywood divas are listed below; have a look:Kareena Kapoor KhanThe one-sleeved suit by Nikhil Thampi definitely steals the limelight.Kangana RanautThis embellished two-piece by Nedret Taciroglu spells power all the way.Fatima Sana ShaikhTrying to find something that’d be perfect for a big office meeting? Look no further. This suit by Khanijo is all you need.Sonam Kapoor AhujaIf you’re someone who thinks bigger is better, then this one by Jacquemus is just the one for you.  Amyra DasturThese separates by Ashish N Soni will set you in your party mood.Shilpa Shetty KundraWhat’s an ideal outfit to wear in a soiree you ask? This is it; by Jacquemus.  Kalki KoechlinThis Armani power suit complemented with a white blouse is the ideal marriage (if that could be a thing) between sophistication and ease. Do you worry about your ugly arms (it's all in your head)? If yes, then puffy sleeves are perfect to hide them while simultaneously making a fashion statement. Kidding. You can wear this trend anyway since it’s one of the raging fads of 2019. From designers and celebrities to influencers and fashion enthusiasts, everyone is celebrating puffy sleeves. While some like Deepika Padukone prefer going all out, others such as Priyanka Chopra Jonas like it minimal yet loud. So, if you want to keep up with the trend, you can either style a top with the detailing with tapered trousers or make them the centre of your outfit by donning a dress with large puffy sleeves. Scroll down to know how some of our leading ladies have styled the trend:Priyanka Chopra JonasDeepika PadukoneSonam Kapoor AhujaAlia BhattAditi Rao HydariSonakshi SinhaMrunal Thakur Any dress that’s below the knee and above the ankle is called tea-length. These dresses that do not reveal much and yet do not hide everything, is a celeb favourite for various reasons. One being, it makes you look uber-classy and sophisticated, and second, it’s fuss-free since the hems fall above the ankle. We list seven celebrities who recently donned tea-length dresses for different occasions. Have a look and take cue from them to stay ahead of the curve:  Sonam Kapoor AhujaKriti SanonPriyanka Chopra JonasDiana PentyKiara AdvaniShilpa Shetty KundraSonakshi Sinha    Do you worry about your ugly arms (it's all in your head)? If yes, then puffy sleeves are perfect to hide them while simultaneously making a fashion statement. Kidding. You can wear this trend anyway since it’s one of the raging fads of 2019. From designers and celebrities to influencers and fashion enthusiasts, everyone is celebrating puffy sleeves. While some like Deepika Padukone prefer going all out, others such as Priyanka Chopra Jonas like it minimal yet loud. So, if you want to keep up with the trend, you can either style a top with the detailing with tapered trousers or make them the centre of your outfit by donning a dress with large puffy sleeves. Scroll down to know how some of our leading ladies have styled the trend:Priyanka Chopra JonasDeepika PadukoneSonam Kapoor AhujaAlia BhattAditi Rao HydariSonakshi SinhaMrunal Thakur Do you worry about your ugly arms (it's all in your head)? If yes, then puffy sleeves are perfect to hide them while simultaneously making a fashion statement. Kidding. You can wear this trend anyway since it’s one of the raging fads of 2019. From designers and celebrities to influencers and fashion enthusiasts, everyone is celebrating puffy sleeves. While some like Deepika Padukone prefer going all out, others such as Priyanka Chopra Jonas like it minimal yet loud. So, if you want to keep up with the trend, you can either style a top with the detailing with tapered trousers or make them the centre of your outfit by donning a dress with large puffy sleeves. Scroll down to know how some of our leading ladies have styled the trend:Priyanka Chopra JonasDeepika PadukoneSonam Kapoor AhujaAlia BhattAditi Rao HydariSonakshi SinhaMrunal Thakur Any dress that’s below the knee and above the ankle is called tea-length. These dresses that do not reveal much and yet do not hide everything, is a celeb favourite for various reasons. One being, it makes you look uber-classy and sophisticated, and second, it’s fuss-free since the hems fall above the ankle. We list seven celebrities who recently donned tea-length dresses for different occasions. Have a look and take cue from them to stay ahead of the curve:  Sonam Kapoor AhujaKriti SanonPriyanka Chopra JonasDiana PentyKiara AdvaniShilpa Shetty KundraSonakshi Sinha    Any dress that’s below the knee and above the ankle is called tea-length. These dresses that do not reveal much and yet do not hide everything, is a celeb favourite for various reasons. One being, it makes you look uber-classy and sophisticated, and second, it’s fuss-free since the hems fall above the ankle. We list seven celebrities who recently donned tea-length dresses for different occasions. Have a look and take cue from them to stay ahead of the curve:  Sonam Kapoor AhujaKriti SanonPriyanka Chopra JonasDiana PentyKiara AdvaniShilpa Shetty KundraSonakshi Sinha    As the athleisure trend finds more takers and people keep putting comfort first, one thing can be said for sure–sneakers are here to stay. But choosing sneakers doesn’t mean you have to compromise on style! Stay on-trend with this sneaker style guide detailing trends to watch out for. Go all-white like Deepika Padukone and Athiya Shetty.  Turn to chunky sneakers like Ananya Panday and Alia Bhatt.  There’s nothing quite like textured sneakers!  Tie-dye is a raging sneaker trend.   Fluorescent and neon sneakers are hot favourites too. While you probably love standing out from the crowd, make sure you’re not flaunting trends that many are forsaking for classics and functional pieces! Scroll through this fashion guide for what’s already out and what’s still in for this year.  Out: Zebra and cow prints In: Classics like leopard print and polka dots  Out: Mini sunglasses In: Oversized shades  Out: Overalls  In: Utility jumpsuits  													Out: Tiny handbags  In: Clutches and crossbody bags As the athleisure trend finds more takers and people keep putting comfort first, one thing can be said for sure–sneakers are here to stay. But choosing sneakers doesn’t mean you have to compromise on style! Stay on-trend with this sneaker style guide detailing trends to watch out for. Go all-white like Deepika Padukone and Athiya Shetty.  Turn to chunky sneakers like Ananya Panday and Alia Bhatt.  There’s nothing quite like textured sneakers!  Tie-dye is a raging sneaker trend.   Fluorescent and neon sneakers are hot favourites too. As the athleisure trend finds more takers and people keep putting comfort first, one thing can be said for sure–sneakers are here to stay. But choosing sneakers doesn’t mean you have to compromise on style! Stay on-trend with this sneaker style guide detailing trends to watch out for. Go all-white like Deepika Padukone and Athiya Shetty.  Turn to chunky sneakers like Ananya Panday and Alia Bhatt.  There’s nothing quite like textured sneakers!  Tie-dye is a raging sneaker trend.   Fluorescent and neon sneakers are hot favourites too. While you probably love standing out from the crowd, make sure you’re not flaunting trends that many are forsaking for classics and functional pieces! Scroll through this fashion guide for what’s already out and what’s still in for this year.  Out: Zebra and cow prints In: Classics like leopard print and polka dots  Out: Mini sunglasses In: Oversized shades  Out: Overalls  In: Utility jumpsuits  													Out: Tiny handbags  In: Clutches and crossbody bags While you probably love standing out from the crowd, make sure you’re not flaunting trends that many are forsaking for classics and functional pieces! Scroll through this fashion guide for what’s already out and what’s still in for this year.  Out: Zebra and cow prints In: Classics like leopard print and polka dots  Out: Mini sunglasses In: Oversized shades  Out: Overalls  In: Utility jumpsuits  													Out: Tiny handbags  In: Clutches and crossbody bags  Did you see American actor Zendaya at the Met Gala 2019 red carpet? She had a Cinderella moment, where the ‘fairy godfather’ flicked his wand, and the black and blue gown by Tommy Hilfiger lit up in blue! This was made possible with technology; the structure inside the dress was made up of metallic plates, LED lights, batteries and wire. At the same event, musician Janelle Monáe wore an exaggerated Christian Siriano balloon-hipped dress that had a motorised blinking eye on one breast! This too was an amalgamation of fashion and technology at its chicest! Katy Perry was one of the foremost though and had worn a LED dress at the Met Gala and during her tour in 2014. It’s not just the celebs that get to wear such high-tech ensembles, even daily wear is getting its fair share of technological advancement. Wrist-worn smart watches or bands have become common in recent years. But, according to a research carried out by UK-based Juniper Research, the trend is shifting to ‘connected clothing’, which is forecasted by them to become $1 billion industry in 2020! Here are some of such cool garments that you can choose from.Jacket phone: What if you could pick up calls, control music volume, and get directions by just taping or brushing the sleeves? Levi and Google have collaborated for a jacket that does just that! Digital yogi: If you’re learning yoga, and want to refine your poses and get them right, these yoga pants are just for you! Brand Nadi X has come up with the pants that sense when your yoga pose needs refining and uses haptic feedback to create small vibrations on the body part you need to adjust.Swimming in sun: We’re always worried about just how much sunscreen to apply when on the beach, wearing swimwear. Brand Neviano has come up with stylish swimsuits that have a water-proof a UV sensor that detects if the UV rays are high and if you need more sunscreen to be applied! Research is also being done on how else to incorporate technology into fashion in order to make our life easier. At Deakin University’s Institute for Frontier Materials, they’re looking into developing fibres that can store energy. They’re hoping to make garments that can be used to charge phones and other small devices. Imagine slipping your discharged phone into your pocket, and it comes out charged! Well, with more and more of our lives getting touched by technology, is this tech-forward fashion really a surprise? 													Animal printed or in fabrics like suede or PVC, thigh-high boots amp up the look of any outfit. You can either pair it with a dress, or shorts and a top to make you stand out anywhere you go. To know more ways of teaming the shoes with different garments, scroll down, as some of our leading ladies know exactly how to slay in ‘em: Sonam Kapoor AhujaAlia BhattPriyanka Chopra JonasManushi ChhillarBella HadidKim Kardashian WestKendall Jenner  Did you see American actor Zendaya at the Met Gala 2019 red carpet? She had a Cinderella moment, where the ‘fairy godfather’ flicked his wand, and the black and blue gown by Tommy Hilfiger lit up in blue! This was made possible with technology; the structure inside the dress was made up of metallic plates, LED lights, batteries and wire. At the same event, musician Janelle Monáe wore an exaggerated Christian Siriano balloon-hipped dress that had a motorised blinking eye on one breast! This too was an amalgamation of fashion and technology at its chicest! Katy Perry was one of the foremost though and had worn a LED dress at the Met Gala and during her tour in 2014. It’s not just the celebs that get to wear such high-tech ensembles, even daily wear is getting its fair share of technological advancement. Wrist-worn smart watches or bands have become common in recent years. But, according to a research carried out by UK-based Juniper Research, the trend is shifting to ‘connected clothing’, which is forecasted by them to become $1 billion industry in 2020! Here are some of such cool garments that you can choose from.Jacket phone: What if you could pick up calls, control music volume, and get directions by just taping or brushing the sleeves? Levi and Google have collaborated for a jacket that does just that! Digital yogi: If you’re learning yoga, and want to refine your poses and get them right, these yoga pants are just for you! Brand Nadi X has come up with the pants that sense when your yoga pose needs refining and uses haptic feedback to create small vibrations on the body part you need to adjust.Swimming in sun: We’re always worried about just how much sunscreen to apply when on the beach, wearing swimwear. Brand Neviano has come up with stylish swimsuits that have a water-proof a UV sensor that detects if the UV rays are high and if you need more sunscreen to be applied! Research is also being done on how else to incorporate technology into fashion in order to make our life easier. At Deakin University’s Institute for Frontier Materials, they’re looking into developing fibres that can store energy. They’re hoping to make garments that can be used to charge phones and other small devices. Imagine slipping your discharged phone into your pocket, and it comes out charged! Well, with more and more of our lives getting touched by technology, is this tech-forward fashion really a surprise?  Did you see American actor Zendaya at the Met Gala 2019 red carpet? She had a Cinderella moment, where the ‘fairy godfather’ flicked his wand, and the black and blue gown by Tommy Hilfiger lit up in blue! This was made possible with technology; the structure inside the dress was made up of metallic plates, LED lights, batteries and wire. At the same event, musician Janelle Monáe wore an exaggerated Christian Siriano balloon-hipped dress that had a motorised blinking eye on one breast! This too was an amalgamation of fashion and technology at its chicest! Katy Perry was one of the foremost though and had worn a LED dress at the Met Gala and during her tour in 2014. It’s not just the celebs that get to wear such high-tech ensembles, even daily wear is getting its fair share of technological advancement. Wrist-worn smart watches or bands have become common in recent years. But, according to a research carried out by UK-based Juniper Research, the trend is shifting to ‘connected clothing’, which is forecasted by them to become $1 billion industry in 2020! Here are some of such cool garments that you can choose from.Jacket phone: What if you could pick up calls, control music volume, and get directions by just taping or brushing the sleeves? Levi and Google have collaborated for a jacket that does just that! Digital yogi: If you’re learning yoga, and want to refine your poses and get them right, these yoga pants are just for you! Brand Nadi X has come up with the pants that sense when your yoga pose needs refining and uses haptic feedback to create small vibrations on the body part you need to adjust.Swimming in sun: We’re always worried about just how much sunscreen to apply when on the beach, wearing swimwear. Brand Neviano has come up with stylish swimsuits that have a water-proof a UV sensor that detects if the UV rays are high and if you need more sunscreen to be applied! Research is also being done on how else to incorporate technology into fashion in order to make our life easier. At Deakin University’s Institute for Frontier Materials, they’re looking into developing fibres that can store energy. They’re hoping to make garments that can be used to charge phones and other small devices. Imagine slipping your discharged phone into your pocket, and it comes out charged! Well, with more and more of our lives getting touched by technology, is this tech-forward fashion really a surprise? 													Animal printed or in fabrics like suede or PVC, thigh-high boots amp up the look of any outfit. You can either pair it with a dress, or shorts and a top to make you stand out anywhere you go. To know more ways of teaming the shoes with different garments, scroll down, as some of our leading ladies know exactly how to slay in ‘em: Sonam Kapoor AhujaAlia BhattPriyanka Chopra JonasManushi ChhillarBella HadidKim Kardashian WestKendall Jenner 													Animal printed or in fabrics like suede or PVC, thigh-high boots amp up the look of any outfit. You can either pair it with a dress, or shorts and a top to make you stand out anywhere you go. To know more ways of teaming the shoes with different garments, scroll down, as some of our leading ladies know exactly how to slay in ‘em: Sonam Kapoor AhujaAlia BhattPriyanka Chopra JonasManushi ChhillarBella HadidKim Kardashian WestKendall Jenner Headed out for a much-needed vacay? We’ve got you covered with an easy-breezy style lookbook. From keeping with the neon trend casually to sporting ubiquitous bold prints, here are few ensembles donned by celebs that make for perfect inspo for your holiday wardrobe.  Day-out LookAnushka Sharma’s casual chic look works perfectly for shopping or sightseeing while Tara Sutaria’s uber cool mini-skirt-and-sneaker combo is trendy to grab a bite or take a stroll to explore. Ananya Panday’s checkered co-ord ensemble is also a stylish option you’d want to include in your outfit checklist. Evening-out LookBold prints are in vogue right now and we recommend slipping into a flowy, romantic dress like Priyanka Chopra Jonas or Disha Patani for an evening out with your friends or family.HikingAlthough our girl PeeCee didn’t exactly head out to trek in this ensemble, a more casual version of this outfit will do. A pair of sturdy boots, crisp khaki shorts and a tee is perfect. You can swing the athleisure way too and slip into track pants and a cotton T-shirt with sneakers. BeachIf you’re travelling to tropical climes a swimsuit has got to be on your to-carry list! Opt for either a monokini or bikini like Disha or sport a cute crochet co-ord like Malaika Arora.BrunchWe LOVE a sharp neon outfit. It’s fresh, cool and lets your steal the limelight in all the right ways. If you’re feeling particularly bold try a casual two-piece like Malaika or don a no-fuss mini like Manushi Chhillar. Date NightBe it to the mountains or the beaches, if you’re travelling with bae, indulging in date-night is a must. You can never go wrong with the classic LBD like Lisa Haydon. If you’re looking for something slightly more casual, try a satin slip dress with gladiator flats like Manushi. You’re sorted! 													One of the jewellery trends that’s making waves among fashion enthusiasts and Bollywood divas alike is layering. Whether you opt for chunky pieces like Esha Gupta or keep it dainty like Sonam Kapoor Ahuja, (both, below) this style is sure to upgrade any look instantly. Take cue from our desi girls on how to style this fad: Sonam Kapoor AhujaPriyanka Chopra JonasDeepika PadukoneSonakshi SinhaShilpa Shetty KundraEsha GuptaSayani Gupta Headed out for a much-needed vacay? We’ve got you covered with an easy-breezy style lookbook. From keeping with the neon trend casually to sporting ubiquitous bold prints, here are few ensembles donned by celebs that make for perfect inspo for your holiday wardrobe.  Day-out LookAnushka Sharma’s casual chic look works perfectly for shopping or sightseeing while Tara Sutaria’s uber cool mini-skirt-and-sneaker combo is trendy to grab a bite or take a stroll to explore. Ananya Panday’s checkered co-ord ensemble is also a stylish option you’d want to include in your outfit checklist. Evening-out LookBold prints are in vogue right now and we recommend slipping into a flowy, romantic dress like Priyanka Chopra Jonas or Disha Patani for an evening out with your friends or family.HikingAlthough our girl PeeCee didn’t exactly head out to trek in this ensemble, a more casual version of this outfit will do. A pair of sturdy boots, crisp khaki shorts and a tee is perfect. You can swing the athleisure way too and slip into track pants and a cotton T-shirt with sneakers. BeachIf you’re travelling to tropical climes a swimsuit has got to be on your to-carry list! Opt for either a monokini or bikini like Disha or sport a cute crochet co-ord like Malaika Arora.BrunchWe LOVE a sharp neon outfit. It’s fresh, cool and lets your steal the limelight in all the right ways. If you’re feeling particularly bold try a casual two-piece like Malaika or don a no-fuss mini like Manushi Chhillar. Date NightBe it to the mountains or the beaches, if you’re travelling with bae, indulging in date-night is a must. You can never go wrong with the classic LBD like Lisa Haydon. If you’re looking for something slightly more casual, try a satin slip dress with gladiator flats like Manushi. You’re sorted! Headed out for a much-needed vacay? We’ve got you covered with an easy-breezy style lookbook. From keeping with the neon trend casually to sporting ubiquitous bold prints, here are few ensembles donned by celebs that make for perfect inspo for your holiday wardrobe.  Day-out LookAnushka Sharma’s casual chic look works perfectly for shopping or sightseeing while Tara Sutaria’s uber cool mini-skirt-and-sneaker combo is trendy to grab a bite or take a stroll to explore. Ananya Panday’s checkered co-ord ensemble is also a stylish option you’d want to include in your outfit checklist. Evening-out LookBold prints are in vogue right now and we recommend slipping into a flowy, romantic dress like Priyanka Chopra Jonas or Disha Patani for an evening out with your friends or family.HikingAlthough our girl PeeCee didn’t exactly head out to trek in this ensemble, a more casual version of this outfit will do. A pair of sturdy boots, crisp khaki shorts and a tee is perfect. You can swing the athleisure way too and slip into track pants and a cotton T-shirt with sneakers. BeachIf you’re travelling to tropical climes a swimsuit has got to be on your to-carry list! Opt for either a monokini or bikini like Disha or sport a cute crochet co-ord like Malaika Arora.BrunchWe LOVE a sharp neon outfit. It’s fresh, cool and lets your steal the limelight in all the right ways. If you’re feeling particularly bold try a casual two-piece like Malaika or don a no-fuss mini like Manushi Chhillar. Date NightBe it to the mountains or the beaches, if you’re travelling with bae, indulging in date-night is a must. You can never go wrong with the classic LBD like Lisa Haydon. If you’re looking for something slightly more casual, try a satin slip dress with gladiator flats like Manushi. You’re sorted! 													One of the jewellery trends that’s making waves among fashion enthusiasts and Bollywood divas alike is layering. Whether you opt for chunky pieces like Esha Gupta or keep it dainty like Sonam Kapoor Ahuja, (both, below) this style is sure to upgrade any look instantly. Take cue from our desi girls on how to style this fad: Sonam Kapoor AhujaPriyanka Chopra JonasDeepika PadukoneSonakshi SinhaShilpa Shetty KundraEsha GuptaSayani Gupta 													One of the jewellery trends that’s making waves among fashion enthusiasts and Bollywood divas alike is layering. Whether you opt for chunky pieces like Esha Gupta or keep it dainty like Sonam Kapoor Ahuja, (both, below) this style is sure to upgrade any look instantly. Take cue from our desi girls on how to style this fad: Sonam Kapoor AhujaPriyanka Chopra JonasDeepika PadukoneSonakshi SinhaShilpa Shetty KundraEsha GuptaSayani Gupta 													Traditional Indian jewellery is known to add a luxe quotient to outfits. However, these marvels of chunky gold, silver and kundan pieces are often limited to ethnic clothing. While pairing them with western wear can seem a little daunting, once you learn the art of flaunting your accessories right, there’s no looking back. Scroll through this look to get started! Sonam Kapoor Ahuja Aditi Rao Hydari Alia BhattSobhita DhulipalaMouni RoySanya Malhotra 													Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas’s wedding is taking over the internet, and we won’t be surprised if that spurs you to plan your own. Picking, rather crafting, the perfect dress for D-day is the most important part of all the preparations (second only to finding your perfect groom). The dress you choose should exude your persona, bring the best out of your features, and crazy complement the dazzling man standing next to you on the altar…there’s too much responsibility on it. We have put together a celeb-approved lookbook for your perusal, go gaga! Sophie TurnerPriyanka Chopra JonasKatrina KaifJacqueline FernandezKiera Knightley Sobhita Dhulipala 													Traditional Indian jewellery is known to add a luxe quotient to outfits. However, these marvels of chunky gold, silver and kundan pieces are often limited to ethnic clothing. While pairing them with western wear can seem a little daunting, once you learn the art of flaunting your accessories right, there’s no looking back. Scroll through this look to get started! Sonam Kapoor Ahuja Aditi Rao Hydari Alia BhattSobhita DhulipalaMouni RoySanya Malhotra 													Traditional Indian jewellery is known to add a luxe quotient to outfits. However, these marvels of chunky gold, silver and kundan pieces are often limited to ethnic clothing. While pairing them with western wear can seem a little daunting, once you learn the art of flaunting your accessories right, there’s no looking back. Scroll through this look to get started! Sonam Kapoor Ahuja Aditi Rao Hydari Alia BhattSobhita DhulipalaMouni RoySanya Malhotra 													Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas’s wedding is taking over the internet, and we won’t be surprised if that spurs you to plan your own. Picking, rather crafting, the perfect dress for D-day is the most important part of all the preparations (second only to finding your perfect groom). The dress you choose should exude your persona, bring the best out of your features, and crazy complement the dazzling man standing next to you on the altar…there’s too much responsibility on it. We have put together a celeb-approved lookbook for your perusal, go gaga! Sophie TurnerPriyanka Chopra JonasKatrina KaifJacqueline FernandezKiera Knightley Sobhita Dhulipala 													Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas’s wedding is taking over the internet, and we won’t be surprised if that spurs you to plan your own. Picking, rather crafting, the perfect dress for D-day is the most important part of all the preparations (second only to finding your perfect groom). The dress you choose should exude your persona, bring the best out of your features, and crazy complement the dazzling man standing next to you on the altar…there’s too much responsibility on it. We have put together a celeb-approved lookbook for your perusal, go gaga! Sophie TurnerPriyanka Chopra JonasKatrina KaifJacqueline FernandezKiera Knightley Sobhita Dhulipala 													Although sunglasses primarily have a job to protect our eyes from the harsh sun rays, fashion lovers have made them a style statement, and we aren’t complaining. From medium and teeny-weeny to larger-than-life frames, sunglasses have undergone several transformations over the years. Feline frames, a.k.a. cat-eye, rose to fame with Audrey Hepburn’s film, Breakfast at Tiffanys in 1961. Since then, it has graced the faces of several Hollywood and Bollywood celebrities time and again on various occasions. We curated a list of some of our leading ladies who have styled the trend really well. Check them out to up your fashion game: Alia BhattDeepika Padukone Priyanka Chopra Jonas Gigi Hadid Sonam Kapoor Ahuja Kaia Gerber Kangana Ranaut 													Although sunglasses primarily have a job to protect our eyes from the harsh sun rays, fashion lovers have made them a style statement, and we aren’t complaining. From medium and teeny-weeny to larger-than-life frames, sunglasses have undergone several transformations over the years. Feline frames, a.k.a. cat-eye, rose to fame with Audrey Hepburn’s film, Breakfast at Tiffanys in 1961. Since then, it has graced the faces of several Hollywood and Bollywood celebrities time and again on various occasions. We curated a list of some of our leading ladies who have styled the trend really well. Check them out to up your fashion game: Alia BhattDeepika Padukone Priyanka Chopra Jonas Gigi Hadid Sonam Kapoor Ahuja Kaia Gerber Kangana Ranaut 													Although sunglasses primarily have a job to protect our eyes from the harsh sun rays, fashion lovers have made them a style statement, and we aren’t complaining. From medium and teeny-weeny to larger-than-life frames, sunglasses have undergone several transformations over the years. Feline frames, a.k.a. cat-eye, rose to fame with Audrey Hepburn’s film, Breakfast at Tiffanys in 1961. Since then, it has graced the faces of several Hollywood and Bollywood celebrities time and again on various occasions. We curated a list of some of our leading ladies who have styled the trend really well. Check them out to up your fashion game: Alia BhattDeepika Padukone Priyanka Chopra Jonas Gigi Hadid Sonam Kapoor Ahuja Kaia Gerber Kangana Ranaut 													Prepping to bag that dream job? Get your formal game on point with AND's work wear collection. A solid resume, great qualifications, and sparkling wit are a definite must have to impress your interviewer. But, equally important is the first impression that you create within the initial few seconds of the meeting. Designer clothing brand—AND has a variety of looks you can sport to leave an impactful first impression.We put together a  no-fail shopping list from AND's range of office wear that spells all things business. Make a style statement with a classic black jump suit. AND recognises jumpsuits with a new-found place in its formal collection for a super chic semblance. Moreover, black is a safe, professional colour that looks flattering on all body types. When in doubt, wear black. If you’re interviewing with a more creative company, opt for this dress with orange and blue stripes. A perfect ensemble for the sassy fashionista who would like to stand out rather than fit in. This ruffled hem aqua dress makes for a great attire option for the corporate climber. Exude confidence while looking both formal and fashionable at the same time. It looks chic and feels so comfortable that you won’t have to worry about a thing. Looking to work at a financial firm or as an executive in a corporation, select neutral tones to give that professional look. Wear a well-fitted dress in a neutral shade to prove that you mean business. Pick this dress from AND that has bow detailing which is a hot trend on the red carpets. This chevron dress with blue stripes strikes the right balance between grace and glamour.  A refined look for the lady who carries many successes in the bag, ready for the next run.													For a more casual work environment, opt for florals to convey a relaxed vibe. A touch of delicate with glam galore... AND's play of prints presents soft pastels paired with an high-waisted trouser in a pop of colour. It's the perfect pick for girls who are marking their presence in the field of fashion.Your wardrobe speaks volumes about yourself. Don’t be afraid to show who you are in the workspace. To shop AND's collection, visit the site.  													While heels have always been spotted at parties and dates, it’s fancy flats that are replacing them on various occasions with its ‘comfort-first’ appeal. With detailings and pop colours becoming the highlight of an outfit, you can play around with different flats while wearing a monotone dress or separates. Here’s a list of Bollywood celebrities who have styled this newborn trend effortlessly: Sonam Kapoor Ahuja Kareena Kapoor KhanAnushka SharmaDia MirzaKriti SanonKiara AdvaniTaapsee Pannu 													Prepping to bag that dream job? Get your formal game on point with AND's work wear collection. A solid resume, great qualifications, and sparkling wit are a definite must have to impress your interviewer. But, equally important is the first impression that you create within the initial few seconds of the meeting. Designer clothing brand—AND has a variety of looks you can sport to leave an impactful first impression.We put together a  no-fail shopping list from AND's range of office wear that spells all things business. Make a style statement with a classic black jump suit. AND recognises jumpsuits with a new-found place in its formal collection for a super chic semblance. Moreover, black is a safe, professional colour that looks flattering on all body types. When in doubt, wear black. If you’re interviewing with a more creative company, opt for this dress with orange and blue stripes. A perfect ensemble for the sassy fashionista who would like to stand out rather than fit in. This ruffled hem aqua dress makes for a great attire option for the corporate climber. Exude confidence while looking both formal and fashionable at the same time. It looks chic and feels so comfortable that you won’t have to worry about a thing. Looking to work at a financial firm or as an executive in a corporation, select neutral tones to give that professional look. Wear a well-fitted dress in a neutral shade to prove that you mean business. Pick this dress from AND that has bow detailing which is a hot trend on the red carpets. This chevron dress with blue stripes strikes the right balance between grace and glamour.  A refined look for the lady who carries many successes in the bag, ready for the next run.													For a more casual work environment, opt for florals to convey a relaxed vibe. A touch of delicate with glam galore... AND's play of prints presents soft pastels paired with an high-waisted trouser in a pop of colour. It's the perfect pick for girls who are marking their presence in the field of fashion.Your wardrobe speaks volumes about yourself. Don’t be afraid to show who you are in the workspace. To shop AND's collection, visit the site.  													Prepping to bag that dream job? Get your formal game on point with AND's work wear collection. A solid resume, great qualifications, and sparkling wit are a definite must have to impress your interviewer. But, equally important is the first impression that you create within the initial few seconds of the meeting. Designer clothing brand—AND has a variety of looks you can sport to leave an impactful first impression.We put together a  no-fail shopping list from AND's range of office wear that spells all things business. Make a style statement with a classic black jump suit. AND recognises jumpsuits with a new-found place in its formal collection for a super chic semblance. Moreover, black is a safe, professional colour that looks flattering on all body types. When in doubt, wear black. If you’re interviewing with a more creative company, opt for this dress with orange and blue stripes. A perfect ensemble for the sassy fashionista who would like to stand out rather than fit in. This ruffled hem aqua dress makes for a great attire option for the corporate climber. Exude confidence while looking both formal and fashionable at the same time. It looks chic and feels so comfortable that you won’t have to worry about a thing. Looking to work at a financial firm or as an executive in a corporation, select neutral tones to give that professional look. Wear a well-fitted dress in a neutral shade to prove that you mean business. Pick this dress from AND that has bow detailing which is a hot trend on the red carpets. This chevron dress with blue stripes strikes the right balance between grace and glamour.  A refined look for the lady who carries many successes in the bag, ready for the next run.													For a more casual work environment, opt for florals to convey a relaxed vibe. A touch of delicate with glam galore... AND's play of prints presents soft pastels paired with an high-waisted trouser in a pop of colour. It's the perfect pick for girls who are marking their presence in the field of fashion.Your wardrobe speaks volumes about yourself. Don’t be afraid to show who you are in the workspace. To shop AND's collection, visit the site.  													While heels have always been spotted at parties and dates, it’s fancy flats that are replacing them on various occasions with its ‘comfort-first’ appeal. With detailings and pop colours becoming the highlight of an outfit, you can play around with different flats while wearing a monotone dress or separates. Here’s a list of Bollywood celebrities who have styled this newborn trend effortlessly: Sonam Kapoor Ahuja Kareena Kapoor KhanAnushka SharmaDia MirzaKriti SanonKiara AdvaniTaapsee Pannu 													While heels have always been spotted at parties and dates, it’s fancy flats that are replacing them on various occasions with its ‘comfort-first’ appeal. With detailings and pop colours becoming the highlight of an outfit, you can play around with different flats while wearing a monotone dress or separates. Here’s a list of Bollywood celebrities who have styled this newborn trend effortlessly: Sonam Kapoor Ahuja Kareena Kapoor KhanAnushka SharmaDia MirzaKriti SanonKiara AdvaniTaapsee Pannu Be it Priyanka Chopra Jonas or Sonam Kapoor Ahuja, all the leading ladies have one thing in common, they are in love with the trending colour of the season—orange. Whether you go head-to-toe in this bright hue like our desi girl or add a dash of it to your ensemble like Alia Bhatt, this shade can brighten anyone, any day. Here is a list of few other celebrities who have carried the shade effortlessly: Priyanka Chopra Jonas Sonam Kapoor Ahuja Alia Bhatt Kangana Ranaut Deepika Padukone Shilpa Shetty Kundra Ananya Panday    Be it Priyanka Chopra Jonas or Sonam Kapoor Ahuja, all the leading ladies have one thing in common, they are in love with the trending colour of the season—orange. Whether you go head-to-toe in this bright hue like our desi girl or add a dash of it to your ensemble like Alia Bhatt, this shade can brighten anyone, any day. Here is a list of few other celebrities who have carried the shade effortlessly: Priyanka Chopra Jonas Sonam Kapoor Ahuja Alia Bhatt Kangana Ranaut Deepika Padukone Shilpa Shetty Kundra Ananya Panday    Be it Priyanka Chopra Jonas or Sonam Kapoor Ahuja, all the leading ladies have one thing in common, they are in love with the trending colour of the season—orange. Whether you go head-to-toe in this bright hue like our desi girl or add a dash of it to your ensemble like Alia Bhatt, this shade can brighten anyone, any day. Here is a list of few other celebrities who have carried the shade effortlessly: Priyanka Chopra Jonas Sonam Kapoor Ahuja Alia Bhatt Kangana Ranaut Deepika Padukone Shilpa Shetty Kundra Ananya Panday    													From runways to streets, the maximalist trend of patchwork can be seen everywhere winning hearts of celebrities and fashion enthusiasts, alike. With mixing and matching taking centre-stage, we show you some celeb-approved ways of styling this fad to keep you ahead of the fashion game: Sonam Kapoor AhujaTaapsee PannuPooja HegdeBella HadidSwara BhaskarGigi HadidKarishma Tanna  Priyanka Chopra Jonas flaunted a shimmery asymmetrical dress at the Cannes Film Festival this year, and the trend took over the fashion world like wildfire. Wondering why? One has to give credit to its versatile make that blends flawlessly across cool and casual little dresses to chic evening gowns. What’s more, it adds a playful touch to the attire that evokes a sense of mystery. If you wish to get on this bandwagon, here’s how B-town is making the best of an uneven hemline. Kriti Sanon Malaika AroraLisa HaydonSonam Kapoor AhujaShruti HaasanBhumi Pednekar 													From runways to streets, the maximalist trend of patchwork can be seen everywhere winning hearts of celebrities and fashion enthusiasts, alike. With mixing and matching taking centre-stage, we show you some celeb-approved ways of styling this fad to keep you ahead of the fashion game: Sonam Kapoor AhujaTaapsee PannuPooja HegdeBella HadidSwara BhaskarGigi HadidKarishma Tanna  													From runways to streets, the maximalist trend of patchwork can be seen everywhere winning hearts of celebrities and fashion enthusiasts, alike. With mixing and matching taking centre-stage, we show you some celeb-approved ways of styling this fad to keep you ahead of the fashion game: Sonam Kapoor AhujaTaapsee PannuPooja HegdeBella HadidSwara BhaskarGigi HadidKarishma Tanna  Priyanka Chopra Jonas flaunted a shimmery asymmetrical dress at the Cannes Film Festival this year, and the trend took over the fashion world like wildfire. Wondering why? One has to give credit to its versatile make that blends flawlessly across cool and casual little dresses to chic evening gowns. What’s more, it adds a playful touch to the attire that evokes a sense of mystery. If you wish to get on this bandwagon, here’s how B-town is making the best of an uneven hemline. Kriti Sanon Malaika AroraLisa HaydonSonam Kapoor AhujaShruti HaasanBhumi Pednekar Priyanka Chopra Jonas flaunted a shimmery asymmetrical dress at the Cannes Film Festival this year, and the trend took over the fashion world like wildfire. Wondering why? One has to give credit to its versatile make that blends flawlessly across cool and casual little dresses to chic evening gowns. What’s more, it adds a playful touch to the attire that evokes a sense of mystery. If you wish to get on this bandwagon, here’s how B-town is making the best of an uneven hemline. Kriti Sanon Malaika AroraLisa HaydonSonam Kapoor AhujaShruti HaasanBhumi Pednekar 													Bows have always been considered as a delicate addition to any outfit that enhances elegance, takes the sass a notch higher, and bestows more definition to the look. However, more often than not they are considered as an add-on than the most striking element of attire. Their sudden, stylish entry in the mainstream haute couture is making heads turn on the red carpet, and we find ourselves wondering… Is the bow trend switching towards the center of the stage? Decide for yourself:  													Casual chokers have been a much loved accessory, adding sass to street style since early 2000s. This year, the choker trend underwent a fashionable transformation making their way in the traditional game. These close-fitting necklaces have the potential of giving a striking definition to any outfit. Well that’s not it, this gorgeous piece of accessory also gives a well-sculpted look to the neck. Bollywood divas are going gaga over traditional chokers… Here’s how you can team your pick to ace the next ethnic look you sport: Go solo with a chunky choker.Don it with an off-shoulder style to make the necklace stand out.Team it with a plain blouse to amp up the drama. Wear it along with a long necklace for a royal touch. Pick one with coloured beads to match with your outfit.Pair it with matching statement earrings. Go for a gold and traditional version of the casual choker, as sleek as stylish. Wondering where to go choker shopping? Here’s something to get you started: Choker sets by Kashi JewellersChunky chokers by Gehna Jewellers 													Dainty chokers by Tanishq 													Bows have always been considered as a delicate addition to any outfit that enhances elegance, takes the sass a notch higher, and bestows more definition to the look. However, more often than not they are considered as an add-on than the most striking element of attire. Their sudden, stylish entry in the mainstream haute couture is making heads turn on the red carpet, and we find ourselves wondering… Is the bow trend switching towards the center of the stage? Decide for yourself:  													Bows have always been considered as a delicate addition to any outfit that enhances elegance, takes the sass a notch higher, and bestows more definition to the look. However, more often than not they are considered as an add-on than the most striking element of attire. Their sudden, stylish entry in the mainstream haute couture is making heads turn on the red carpet, and we find ourselves wondering… Is the bow trend switching towards the center of the stage? Decide for yourself:  													Casual chokers have been a much loved accessory, adding sass to street style since early 2000s. This year, the choker trend underwent a fashionable transformation making their way in the traditional game. These close-fitting necklaces have the potential of giving a striking definition to any outfit. Well that’s not it, this gorgeous piece of accessory also gives a well-sculpted look to the neck. Bollywood divas are going gaga over traditional chokers… Here’s how you can team your pick to ace the next ethnic look you sport: Go solo with a chunky choker.Don it with an off-shoulder style to make the necklace stand out.Team it with a plain blouse to amp up the drama. Wear it along with a long necklace for a royal touch. Pick one with coloured beads to match with your outfit.Pair it with matching statement earrings. Go for a gold and traditional version of the casual choker, as sleek as stylish. Wondering where to go choker shopping? Here’s something to get you started: Choker sets by Kashi JewellersChunky chokers by Gehna Jewellers 													Dainty chokers by Tanishq 													Casual chokers have been a much loved accessory, adding sass to street style since early 2000s. This year, the choker trend underwent a fashionable transformation making their way in the traditional game. These close-fitting necklaces have the potential of giving a striking definition to any outfit. Well that’s not it, this gorgeous piece of accessory also gives a well-sculpted look to the neck. Bollywood divas are going gaga over traditional chokers… Here’s how you can team your pick to ace the next ethnic look you sport: Go solo with a chunky choker.Don it with an off-shoulder style to make the necklace stand out.Team it with a plain blouse to amp up the drama. Wear it along with a long necklace for a royal touch. Pick one with coloured beads to match with your outfit.Pair it with matching statement earrings. Go for a gold and traditional version of the casual choker, as sleek as stylish. Wondering where to go choker shopping? Here’s something to get you started: Choker sets by Kashi JewellersChunky chokers by Gehna Jewellers 													Dainty chokers by Tanishq 													Everything at the 72nd international Cannes film festival is making news since last 10 days, giving the fashion world its freshest lot to go gaga over. If you’re keeping an eye on all things trending, here are some of the latest looks from the French Riviera.   Bedazzling beautyAdriana Lima looks like a vision in this vivid violet haute couture. Teaming thigh-high slit with a halter neck style, and topping it up with matching earrings and lots and lots of shimmer, Lima’s style is on point!  Pink-a-tonLorena Rae features a sultry play of frills with just the right amount of shine in Rami Kadi. Raise a toast!Natasha Poly dressed in this Versace gown is elegance personified. Shades of Champaign meet subtle yet shiny makeup and a neat hairdo to perfect her look. If you forgot to notice it in Lima’s style, here’s another reason why you should go overboard when it comes to matching the outfit with your jewellery.  A cape escapeHuma Qureshi concluded her Cannes journey in Anamika Khanna, and we couldn’t have asked for a more gorgeous good bye!  Leather luxeNoel Capri goes bold and basic in a glossy, black Zuhair Murad couture.  Beaming ballerinaGet over little black dresses, red is taking over the season as Alina Baikova’s stuns in Zuhair Murad.  Roaring redDua Lipa is charming over the world with her songs as well as her unique sense of style. She lives up to our expectations as she steps in an extravagant ruffled red gown by Valentino. Asymmetrical cut, drop earrings, and glossy bun are some of the richest trends to take from this look.  Exquisite easeLipa keeps the drama going strong in a figure-hugging black silk dress. Her look wows with a dramatic heart choker that’s sure to rage this year!  Dress me daisyKendall Jenner blooms in a pink perfect dress!  Heaven’s harmonyEva Longoria redefines the modern-day angel in a glossy Alberta Ferretti gown.																		Everything at the 72nd international Cannes film festival is making news since last 10 days, giving the fashion world its freshest lot to go gaga over. If you’re keeping an eye on all things trending, here are some of the latest looks from the French Riviera.   Bedazzling beautyAdriana Lima looks like a vision in this vivid violet haute couture. Teaming thigh-high slit with a halter neck style, and topping it up with matching earrings and lots and lots of shimmer, Lima’s style is on point!  Pink-a-tonLorena Rae features a sultry play of frills with just the right amount of shine in Rami Kadi. Raise a toast!Natasha Poly dressed in this Versace gown is elegance personified. Shades of Champaign meet subtle yet shiny makeup and a neat hairdo to perfect her look. If you forgot to notice it in Lima’s style, here’s another reason why you should go overboard when it comes to matching the outfit with your jewellery.  A cape escapeHuma Qureshi concluded her Cannes journey in Anamika Khanna, and we couldn’t have asked for a more gorgeous good bye!  Leather luxeNoel Capri goes bold and basic in a glossy, black Zuhair Murad couture.  Beaming ballerinaGet over little black dresses, red is taking over the season as Alina Baikova’s stuns in Zuhair Murad.  Roaring redDua Lipa is charming over the world with her songs as well as her unique sense of style. She lives up to our expectations as she steps in an extravagant ruffled red gown by Valentino. Asymmetrical cut, drop earrings, and glossy bun are some of the richest trends to take from this look.  Exquisite easeLipa keeps the drama going strong in a figure-hugging black silk dress. Her look wows with a dramatic heart choker that’s sure to rage this year!  Dress me daisyKendall Jenner blooms in a pink perfect dress!  Heaven’s harmonyEva Longoria redefines the modern-day angel in a glossy Alberta Ferretti gown.																		Everything at the 72nd international Cannes film festival is making news since last 10 days, giving the fashion world its freshest lot to go gaga over. If you’re keeping an eye on all things trending, here are some of the latest looks from the French Riviera.   Bedazzling beautyAdriana Lima looks like a vision in this vivid violet haute couture. Teaming thigh-high slit with a halter neck style, and topping it up with matching earrings and lots and lots of shimmer, Lima’s style is on point!  Pink-a-tonLorena Rae features a sultry play of frills with just the right amount of shine in Rami Kadi. Raise a toast!Natasha Poly dressed in this Versace gown is elegance personified. Shades of Champaign meet subtle yet shiny makeup and a neat hairdo to perfect her look. If you forgot to notice it in Lima’s style, here’s another reason why you should go overboard when it comes to matching the outfit with your jewellery.  A cape escapeHuma Qureshi concluded her Cannes journey in Anamika Khanna, and we couldn’t have asked for a more gorgeous good bye!  Leather luxeNoel Capri goes bold and basic in a glossy, black Zuhair Murad couture.  Beaming ballerinaGet over little black dresses, red is taking over the season as Alina Baikova’s stuns in Zuhair Murad.  Roaring redDua Lipa is charming over the world with her songs as well as her unique sense of style. She lives up to our expectations as she steps in an extravagant ruffled red gown by Valentino. Asymmetrical cut, drop earrings, and glossy bun are some of the richest trends to take from this look.  Exquisite easeLipa keeps the drama going strong in a figure-hugging black silk dress. Her look wows with a dramatic heart choker that’s sure to rage this year!  Dress me daisyKendall Jenner blooms in a pink perfect dress!  Heaven’s harmonyEva Longoria redefines the modern-day angel in a glossy Alberta Ferretti gown.					 Keeping up with Cannes 2019? See what’s trending at the 72nd Cannes Film Festival on Day 8:LUXE TUXSonam Kapoor Ahuja flaunts a custom Ralph And Russo couture tuxedo with Chopard jewellery. GIVE ME SOME SUNSHINEShe also turns heads in a bright yellow custom-made couture dress by Ashi Studio at the launch of the Garden of Kings collection by Chopard. BRIGHT FUTUREGiving a futuristic vibe, Diana Penty looks chic in this metallic dress with Kimono sleeves. CAPE OF STYLEHuma Qureshi looks chic in this sari-cape ensemble by Gaurav Gupta. SHARP AND SOFTAishwarya Rai Bachchan makes the juxtaposition of a strong and sharp jacket with a soft and flouncy skirt, looking oh-so chic! MONOCHROME MAGICElle Fanning flaunts the quintessential Dior look in an ensemble created by Dior creative director, Maria Grazia Chiuri. MEN IN BLACKLeonardo Di Caprio and Brad Pitt look suave in their black tuxedos. RED ALERTModel Winnie Harlow takes the red carpet in a red flounce asymmetric dress by Jean Paul Gaultier. 													Find out what’s trending at the 72nd Cannes Film Festival on Day 7:Angelic oomphAishwarya Rai Bachchan looks like a heaven-sent Goddess in a white ruffle gown by Ashi Studio. Fusing fine textures like feather and tulle, Aishwarya complements her look with dramatic, kohl-rimmed eyes and hair pulled back in a bun.  Denim diariesOnly Aishwarya can make denim look so dazzling! The actor makes us believe that if you layer your outfit right you are bound to make a statement. From denim-on-denim to bold printed blazers and pretty play of accessories, there’s nowhere you can’t don denims, Aishwarya confirms. All this with her signature bright red pout.  Free the frillThe fashionista finally made her Cannes 2019 appearance, and we are in awe! In her first look at the festival, Sonam Kapoor Ahuja steps in like a day dream dressed in a vivid Valentino gown, which features all things frill and fancy. The actor teamed this look with a dainty loose braid, amped with the addition of fresh flowers.  Paint me purpleThis has to be one of the best looks of the season! Sonam’s Elie Saab gown is the exemplary blend of smooth texture and the perfect fall of the fabric, made magical with a lustrous purple hue. What’s more? The trend of exaggerated bow keeps going strong.  Roar of royaltyWhile last week at Cannes has established that gold is the new black, this lavish ensemble by Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla solidifies the trend, and how! Sonam channels her inner maharani in this couture gown exuding some whimsical sari vibes. The actor is at the top of her traditional game with a striking choker that completes the look.  Sheer cheerRussian beauty Natalia Vodianova make heads turn in Versace. Her well-fitted sheer gown fuses soft with shine with a gorgeous spin of texture.					 Keeping up with Cannes 2019? See what’s trending at the 72nd Cannes Film Festival on Day 8:LUXE TUXSonam Kapoor Ahuja flaunts a custom Ralph And Russo couture tuxedo with Chopard jewellery. GIVE ME SOME SUNSHINEShe also turns heads in a bright yellow custom-made couture dress by Ashi Studio at the launch of the Garden of Kings collection by Chopard. BRIGHT FUTUREGiving a futuristic vibe, Diana Penty looks chic in this metallic dress with Kimono sleeves. CAPE OF STYLEHuma Qureshi looks chic in this sari-cape ensemble by Gaurav Gupta. SHARP AND SOFTAishwarya Rai Bachchan makes the juxtaposition of a strong and sharp jacket with a soft and flouncy skirt, looking oh-so chic! MONOCHROME MAGICElle Fanning flaunts the quintessential Dior look in an ensemble created by Dior creative director, Maria Grazia Chiuri. MEN IN BLACKLeonardo Di Caprio and Brad Pitt look suave in their black tuxedos. RED ALERTModel Winnie Harlow takes the red carpet in a red flounce asymmetric dress by Jean Paul Gaultier.  Keeping up with Cannes 2019? See what’s trending at the 72nd Cannes Film Festival on Day 8:LUXE TUXSonam Kapoor Ahuja flaunts a custom Ralph And Russo couture tuxedo with Chopard jewellery. GIVE ME SOME SUNSHINEShe also turns heads in a bright yellow custom-made couture dress by Ashi Studio at the launch of the Garden of Kings collection by Chopard. BRIGHT FUTUREGiving a futuristic vibe, Diana Penty looks chic in this metallic dress with Kimono sleeves. CAPE OF STYLEHuma Qureshi looks chic in this sari-cape ensemble by Gaurav Gupta. SHARP AND SOFTAishwarya Rai Bachchan makes the juxtaposition of a strong and sharp jacket with a soft and flouncy skirt, looking oh-so chic! MONOCHROME MAGICElle Fanning flaunts the quintessential Dior look in an ensemble created by Dior creative director, Maria Grazia Chiuri. MEN IN BLACKLeonardo Di Caprio and Brad Pitt look suave in their black tuxedos. RED ALERTModel Winnie Harlow takes the red carpet in a red flounce asymmetric dress by Jean Paul Gaultier. 													Find out what’s trending at the 72nd Cannes Film Festival on Day 7:Angelic oomphAishwarya Rai Bachchan looks like a heaven-sent Goddess in a white ruffle gown by Ashi Studio. Fusing fine textures like feather and tulle, Aishwarya complements her look with dramatic, kohl-rimmed eyes and hair pulled back in a bun.  Denim diariesOnly Aishwarya can make denim look so dazzling! The actor makes us believe that if you layer your outfit right you are bound to make a statement. From denim-on-denim to bold printed blazers and pretty play of accessories, there’s nowhere you can’t don denims, Aishwarya confirms. All this with her signature bright red pout.  Free the frillThe fashionista finally made her Cannes 2019 appearance, and we are in awe! In her first look at the festival, Sonam Kapoor Ahuja steps in like a day dream dressed in a vivid Valentino gown, which features all things frill and fancy. The actor teamed this look with a dainty loose braid, amped with the addition of fresh flowers.  Paint me purpleThis has to be one of the best looks of the season! Sonam’s Elie Saab gown is the exemplary blend of smooth texture and the perfect fall of the fabric, made magical with a lustrous purple hue. What’s more? The trend of exaggerated bow keeps going strong.  Roar of royaltyWhile last week at Cannes has established that gold is the new black, this lavish ensemble by Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla solidifies the trend, and how! Sonam channels her inner maharani in this couture gown exuding some whimsical sari vibes. The actor is at the top of her traditional game with a striking choker that completes the look.  Sheer cheerRussian beauty Natalia Vodianova make heads turn in Versace. Her well-fitted sheer gown fuses soft with shine with a gorgeous spin of texture.																		Find out what’s trending at the 72nd Cannes Film Festival on Day 7:Angelic oomphAishwarya Rai Bachchan looks like a heaven-sent Goddess in a white ruffle gown by Ashi Studio. Fusing fine textures like feather and tulle, Aishwarya complements her look with dramatic, kohl-rimmed eyes and hair pulled back in a bun.  Denim diariesOnly Aishwarya can make denim look so dazzling! The actor makes us believe that if you layer your outfit right you are bound to make a statement. From denim-on-denim to bold printed blazers and pretty play of accessories, there’s nowhere you can’t don denims, Aishwarya confirms. All this with her signature bright red pout.  Free the frillThe fashionista finally made her Cannes 2019 appearance, and we are in awe! In her first look at the festival, Sonam Kapoor Ahuja steps in like a day dream dressed in a vivid Valentino gown, which features all things frill and fancy. The actor teamed this look with a dainty loose braid, amped with the addition of fresh flowers.  Paint me purpleThis has to be one of the best looks of the season! Sonam’s Elie Saab gown is the exemplary blend of smooth texture and the perfect fall of the fabric, made magical with a lustrous purple hue. What’s more? The trend of exaggerated bow keeps going strong.  Roar of royaltyWhile last week at Cannes has established that gold is the new black, this lavish ensemble by Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla solidifies the trend, and how! Sonam channels her inner maharani in this couture gown exuding some whimsical sari vibes. The actor is at the top of her traditional game with a striking choker that completes the look.  Sheer cheerRussian beauty Natalia Vodianova make heads turn in Versace. Her well-fitted sheer gown fuses soft with shine with a gorgeous spin of texture.																		Keeping up with the Cannes Film Festival 2019? Here’s what made news on Day 6:    A starry affairAishwarya Rai Bachchan sprinkles stardust in her golden mermaid gown by Jean-Louis Sabaji couture. She complements the look with a super sleek side part and subtle shades in makeup.  Fire on firePriyanka Chopra Jonas turns up the heat in an shimmery orange gown, bringing open back style back in the game.  A chain meshChopra keeps the metallic fervour going strong in a chic, wrap-around gown. She whips just the right amount of drama with a halter back style, paired perfectly with a plunging neckline and a high-low hemline.  Beauty boundAdèle Haenel gives the chain-me trend a stronger endorsement with a bold, gold statement neckpiece.  Bird of paradiseDiana Penty shines bright in a feathery yellow ensemble by Atelier Zuhra.  Vintage vibesPenty picks a dazzling beige ballroom gown and completes the look with a neat hairdo, flaunting retro waves.  A frill flingHuma Qureshi takes the dramatic, ruffle route in a metallic grey Gaurav Gupta gown. She uses play of accessory for a pop of colour.  Print perfectQureshi approves of the knotted neckline trend in Ralph Lauren. With basic bold prints, soft pink-hued makeup, and glossy wild waves—the actor has blended the look with utter perfection!					 The Princess Diaries  Priyanka Chopra Jonas looked like a dream in an elegant princess white tulle gown. Larger than lifeDiana Penty’s big bow stole all the attention. Flaunt themKangana Ranaut knows how to rock an off-shoulder blouse.  Keep it lightHuma Qureshi looks whimsical in a white column gown with feather detailing at the hems.  Sparkle up Hina Khan shimmers in a metallic off-shoulder, thigh-high slit gown.     													Keeping up with the Cannes Film Festival 2019? Here’s what made news on Day 6:    A starry affairAishwarya Rai Bachchan sprinkles stardust in her golden mermaid gown by Jean-Louis Sabaji couture. She complements the look with a super sleek side part and subtle shades in makeup.  Fire on firePriyanka Chopra Jonas turns up the heat in an shimmery orange gown, bringing open back style back in the game.  A chain meshChopra keeps the metallic fervour going strong in a chic, wrap-around gown. She whips just the right amount of drama with a halter back style, paired perfectly with a plunging neckline and a high-low hemline.  Beauty boundAdèle Haenel gives the chain-me trend a stronger endorsement with a bold, gold statement neckpiece.  Bird of paradiseDiana Penty shines bright in a feathery yellow ensemble by Atelier Zuhra.  Vintage vibesPenty picks a dazzling beige ballroom gown and completes the look with a neat hairdo, flaunting retro waves.  A frill flingHuma Qureshi takes the dramatic, ruffle route in a metallic grey Gaurav Gupta gown. She uses play of accessory for a pop of colour.  Print perfectQureshi approves of the knotted neckline trend in Ralph Lauren. With basic bold prints, soft pink-hued makeup, and glossy wild waves—the actor has blended the look with utter perfection!																		Keeping up with the Cannes Film Festival 2019? Here’s what made news on Day 6:    A starry affairAishwarya Rai Bachchan sprinkles stardust in her golden mermaid gown by Jean-Louis Sabaji couture. She complements the look with a super sleek side part and subtle shades in makeup.  Fire on firePriyanka Chopra Jonas turns up the heat in an shimmery orange gown, bringing open back style back in the game.  A chain meshChopra keeps the metallic fervour going strong in a chic, wrap-around gown. She whips just the right amount of drama with a halter back style, paired perfectly with a plunging neckline and a high-low hemline.  Beauty boundAdèle Haenel gives the chain-me trend a stronger endorsement with a bold, gold statement neckpiece.  Bird of paradiseDiana Penty shines bright in a feathery yellow ensemble by Atelier Zuhra.  Vintage vibesPenty picks a dazzling beige ballroom gown and completes the look with a neat hairdo, flaunting retro waves.  A frill flingHuma Qureshi takes the dramatic, ruffle route in a metallic grey Gaurav Gupta gown. She uses play of accessory for a pop of colour.  Print perfectQureshi approves of the knotted neckline trend in Ralph Lauren. With basic bold prints, soft pink-hued makeup, and glossy wild waves—the actor has blended the look with utter perfection!					 The Princess Diaries  Priyanka Chopra Jonas looked like a dream in an elegant princess white tulle gown. Larger than lifeDiana Penty’s big bow stole all the attention. Flaunt themKangana Ranaut knows how to rock an off-shoulder blouse.  Keep it lightHuma Qureshi looks whimsical in a white column gown with feather detailing at the hems.  Sparkle up Hina Khan shimmers in a metallic off-shoulder, thigh-high slit gown.      The Princess Diaries  Priyanka Chopra Jonas looked like a dream in an elegant princess white tulle gown. Larger than lifeDiana Penty’s big bow stole all the attention. Flaunt themKangana Ranaut knows how to rock an off-shoulder blouse.  Keep it lightHuma Qureshi looks whimsical in a white column gown with feather detailing at the hems.  Sparkle up Hina Khan shimmers in a metallic off-shoulder, thigh-high slit gown.     Tulle queenDeepika Padukone was spotted wearing a high-low tiered tulle gown.  Pleat itPriyanka Chopra Jonas in a pleated jumpsuit.  One loveKangana Ranaut approves one-shoulder style. Comfort firstDiana Penty teams balloon sleeves top with a slit skirt.  Bling it onHuma Qureshi shimmers in a blazer-dress.  													Our favourite B-town divas are making heads turn at the Cannes Film Festival 2019! Here’s presenting some of the most-awaited looks of the season, coming to you straight from the Day 3 of the event.   Madame metalllicaPriyanka Chopra Jonas looks ravishing in a Roberto Cavalli ensemble. With Chopra’s stunning look, the trend of polished waves keep going strong at the red carpet. Beguiling basicsDeepika Padukone looks like a vision in a custom Dundas gown and brings back the classic black-n-white on the center-stage. And, didn’t we say the bow trend is going to be a ‘big’ rage this season!  Go gold!Kangana Ranaut stays true to her roots, flaunting a custom Falguni Shane Peacock corset with a Kanjeevaram sari by Madhurya. Kangana gives the traditional attire a striking twist by pairing it with gloves for a touch of romance.  Beauty with a causeBryce Dallas Howard makes sustainable fashion the latest fad by opting for a previously owned outfit.  Power suitsShailene Woodley wows in her boss lady look wearing Christian Dior haute couture.  Drops of dewBella Hadid aces the dewy makeup look, and we are in awe!  Lavender loveHina Khan continues to charm on Day 3 in Maison Armine Ohanyan. Do we see geometric textures making their way in our wardrobe?  Gleaming GoddessLadies, ‘tis time to sparkle! Julianne Moore stuns yet again in Givenchy, balancing it perfectly with a pastel cape. Eva Longoria dazzles in a Cristina Ottaviano statement piece.					Tulle queenDeepika Padukone was spotted wearing a high-low tiered tulle gown.  Pleat itPriyanka Chopra Jonas in a pleated jumpsuit.  One loveKangana Ranaut approves one-shoulder style. Comfort firstDiana Penty teams balloon sleeves top with a slit skirt.  Bling it onHuma Qureshi shimmers in a blazer-dress.  Tulle queenDeepika Padukone was spotted wearing a high-low tiered tulle gown.  Pleat itPriyanka Chopra Jonas in a pleated jumpsuit.  One loveKangana Ranaut approves one-shoulder style. Comfort firstDiana Penty teams balloon sleeves top with a slit skirt.  Bling it onHuma Qureshi shimmers in a blazer-dress.  													Our favourite B-town divas are making heads turn at the Cannes Film Festival 2019! Here’s presenting some of the most-awaited looks of the season, coming to you straight from the Day 3 of the event.   Madame metalllicaPriyanka Chopra Jonas looks ravishing in a Roberto Cavalli ensemble. With Chopra’s stunning look, the trend of polished waves keep going strong at the red carpet. Beguiling basicsDeepika Padukone looks like a vision in a custom Dundas gown and brings back the classic black-n-white on the center-stage. And, didn’t we say the bow trend is going to be a ‘big’ rage this season!  Go gold!Kangana Ranaut stays true to her roots, flaunting a custom Falguni Shane Peacock corset with a Kanjeevaram sari by Madhurya. Kangana gives the traditional attire a striking twist by pairing it with gloves for a touch of romance.  Beauty with a causeBryce Dallas Howard makes sustainable fashion the latest fad by opting for a previously owned outfit.  Power suitsShailene Woodley wows in her boss lady look wearing Christian Dior haute couture.  Drops of dewBella Hadid aces the dewy makeup look, and we are in awe!  Lavender loveHina Khan continues to charm on Day 3 in Maison Armine Ohanyan. Do we see geometric textures making their way in our wardrobe?  Gleaming GoddessLadies, ‘tis time to sparkle! Julianne Moore stuns yet again in Givenchy, balancing it perfectly with a pastel cape. Eva Longoria dazzles in a Cristina Ottaviano statement piece.																		Our favourite B-town divas are making heads turn at the Cannes Film Festival 2019! Here’s presenting some of the most-awaited looks of the season, coming to you straight from the Day 3 of the event.   Madame metalllicaPriyanka Chopra Jonas looks ravishing in a Roberto Cavalli ensemble. With Chopra’s stunning look, the trend of polished waves keep going strong at the red carpet. Beguiling basicsDeepika Padukone looks like a vision in a custom Dundas gown and brings back the classic black-n-white on the center-stage. And, didn’t we say the bow trend is going to be a ‘big’ rage this season!  Go gold!Kangana Ranaut stays true to her roots, flaunting a custom Falguni Shane Peacock corset with a Kanjeevaram sari by Madhurya. Kangana gives the traditional attire a striking twist by pairing it with gloves for a touch of romance.  Beauty with a causeBryce Dallas Howard makes sustainable fashion the latest fad by opting for a previously owned outfit.  Power suitsShailene Woodley wows in her boss lady look wearing Christian Dior haute couture.  Drops of dewBella Hadid aces the dewy makeup look, and we are in awe!  Lavender loveHina Khan continues to charm on Day 3 in Maison Armine Ohanyan. Do we see geometric textures making their way in our wardrobe?  Gleaming GoddessLadies, ‘tis time to sparkle! Julianne Moore stuns yet again in Givenchy, balancing it perfectly with a pastel cape. Eva Longoria dazzles in a Cristina Ottaviano statement piece.					Southern France gets lit as stars from all over the world flood the city to attend the 72nd Cannes Film Festival. We have hand-picked some of the most talked-about trends that won hearts on the second day of the event.  The classic red-n-goldAlessandra Ambrosio storms in a dramatic red gown, solidifying our love for thigh-high slits and knotted necklines.  Mermaid magicHina Khan’s Cannes debut is all things sparkle in a stunning silver gown by Ziad Nakad. Her look features the current rage of plunging neckline and peppy play of silver.  Flower powerElle Fanning takes a fresh spin on florals in a floaty dress, made more magical with a milkmaid braid.  Leather loveJulianne Moore comes dressed in a statement Louis Vuitton gown, throwing in just the right amount of leather luxe.  Pretty pastelsFrédérique Bel brings carefree pastel hues to the red carpet, and we’re in awe.  Team textureChris Lee make heads turn in Balmain suit with a strong take on texture.  Shine on shimmerAmber Heard oozes oodles of glam and glimmer, flaunting makeup by L’Oréal Paris. Formal-alleyMonia Chokri make basics look beguiling. Chic sleekSelena Gomez steal hearts in a gorgeous navy blue ensemble, donning a daring deep middle part.					  It’s that time of the year when May gives us a boost of all things glam and glitzy. The 72nd annual Cannes Film Festival got off with a spectacular start on the May 14, and is here for an exciting run till the 25th of this month. To help you keep up with everything that is trending at the red carpet, here’s whipping you a quick look book:  Haute high-slitEva Longoria Baston in Alberta Ferretti blush gown   Chic sheerJulianne Moore dressed in Dior  All-white aesthetics Alessandra Ambrosio flaunting Ralph & Russo Fearless fuchsia Izabel Goulart in a custom Etro gown  Sassy sleek updos Chloë Sevigny and Selena Gomez in Louis Vuitton Polished waves Romee Strijd wearing a lace gown by Etro  Stay tuned for more!					Southern France gets lit as stars from all over the world flood the city to attend the 72nd Cannes Film Festival. We have hand-picked some of the most talked-about trends that won hearts on the second day of the event.  The classic red-n-goldAlessandra Ambrosio storms in a dramatic red gown, solidifying our love for thigh-high slits and knotted necklines.  Mermaid magicHina Khan’s Cannes debut is all things sparkle in a stunning silver gown by Ziad Nakad. Her look features the current rage of plunging neckline and peppy play of silver.  Flower powerElle Fanning takes a fresh spin on florals in a floaty dress, made more magical with a milkmaid braid.  Leather loveJulianne Moore comes dressed in a statement Louis Vuitton gown, throwing in just the right amount of leather luxe.  Pretty pastelsFrédérique Bel brings carefree pastel hues to the red carpet, and we’re in awe.  Team textureChris Lee make heads turn in Balmain suit with a strong take on texture.  Shine on shimmerAmber Heard oozes oodles of glam and glimmer, flaunting makeup by L’Oréal Paris. Formal-alleyMonia Chokri make basics look beguiling. Chic sleekSelena Gomez steal hearts in a gorgeous navy blue ensemble, donning a daring deep middle part.					Southern France gets lit as stars from all over the world flood the city to attend the 72nd Cannes Film Festival. We have hand-picked some of the most talked-about trends that won hearts on the second day of the event.  The classic red-n-goldAlessandra Ambrosio storms in a dramatic red gown, solidifying our love for thigh-high slits and knotted necklines.  Mermaid magicHina Khan’s Cannes debut is all things sparkle in a stunning silver gown by Ziad Nakad. Her look features the current rage of plunging neckline and peppy play of silver.  Flower powerElle Fanning takes a fresh spin on florals in a floaty dress, made more magical with a milkmaid braid.  Leather loveJulianne Moore comes dressed in a statement Louis Vuitton gown, throwing in just the right amount of leather luxe.  Pretty pastelsFrédérique Bel brings carefree pastel hues to the red carpet, and we’re in awe.  Team textureChris Lee make heads turn in Balmain suit with a strong take on texture.  Shine on shimmerAmber Heard oozes oodles of glam and glimmer, flaunting makeup by L’Oréal Paris. Formal-alleyMonia Chokri make basics look beguiling. Chic sleekSelena Gomez steal hearts in a gorgeous navy blue ensemble, donning a daring deep middle part.					  It’s that time of the year when May gives us a boost of all things glam and glitzy. The 72nd annual Cannes Film Festival got off with a spectacular start on the May 14, and is here for an exciting run till the 25th of this month. To help you keep up with everything that is trending at the red carpet, here’s whipping you a quick look book:  Haute high-slitEva Longoria Baston in Alberta Ferretti blush gown   Chic sheerJulianne Moore dressed in Dior  All-white aesthetics Alessandra Ambrosio flaunting Ralph & Russo Fearless fuchsia Izabel Goulart in a custom Etro gown  Sassy sleek updos Chloë Sevigny and Selena Gomez in Louis Vuitton Polished waves Romee Strijd wearing a lace gown by Etro  Stay tuned for more!					  It’s that time of the year when May gives us a boost of all things glam and glitzy. The 72nd annual Cannes Film Festival got off with a spectacular start on the May 14, and is here for an exciting run till the 25th of this month. To help you keep up with everything that is trending at the red carpet, here’s whipping you a quick look book:  Haute high-slitEva Longoria Baston in Alberta Ferretti blush gown   Chic sheerJulianne Moore dressed in Dior  All-white aesthetics Alessandra Ambrosio flaunting Ralph & Russo Fearless fuchsia Izabel Goulart in a custom Etro gown  Sassy sleek updos Chloë Sevigny and Selena Gomez in Louis Vuitton Polished waves Romee Strijd wearing a lace gown by Etro  Stay tuned for more!																		Hustle is our daily dose of adrenaline, life is happening on the go, and comfort isn’t about leisuring in bed but launching towards new endeavours—we’re the millennials! To cater to the needs of our fast paced lives, here’s listing five new launches of 2019 that will help keep your athleisure game going as strong as stylish. Spykar GymJnsToday, there’s little time for anything, leave changing outfits thrice a day. This is why your favourite denim pants get a sassy makeover with GymJns. Spykar’s newest launch is everything you have been wishing for, think—great fit, comfy fabric, sporty style, and crazy stretchability. GymJns offer a four-way dynamic stretch in comparison to the two-way stretch of their regular variants, which make the switch from fun to fitness and leisure an effortless affair. In addition, it comes with the ease of quick drying for a completely hassle-free experience. All this with a cool and carefree semblance apt for fitness ethusiasts! Reebok PureMove BraAs they say, a good workout begins with the right wardrobe selection. To keep you fit and fabulous, Reebok is here to help you get the best out of your exercise session with PureMove Bra. Reebok’s sports bra offers a seamless fit with breathable perforations that feels like a second skin, so that you can move freely without any distraction. What’s more, you can make a statement with its unique colour collection—cold grey and bold teal.  Santoni SneakersWhoever said one needs to give up comfort for a striking style, didn’t hear about these Italian beauties. Santoni Sneakers team excellence of its ergonomic craft with utter elegance. Santoni’s handcrafted shoes are one of its kind, which adds to a sophisticated look. It’s ideal for professionals who are looking to incorporate athleisure in their work wear wardrobe.  Reebok x Gigi Hadid Clothing CollectionAnother exciting launch from the house of Reebok brings fashion and fitness together, and how! Bold, sporty, and uber-stylish, Reebok x Gigi Hadid clothing collection is an authentic representation of the model’s love for all things athletic. Chunky sneakers, uber-stylish track jackets, retro body suits…there’s a whole range waiting for you! Featuring vivid stripes, color-blocked patterns, and 90s-inspired designs, Gigi made sure to have her love of volleyball come through in each element of the collection.  Skechers D'LitesGoing gaga over the chunky sneaker trend? Skechers D'Lites collection is your playfield; go pick a pair that suits you the best! Skechers’ all-new range of sneakers showcases a wide range of dad-shoes that reiterates the 90s love for kicks, being offered in an interesting palette of bold, vivid colours.																		Hustle is our daily dose of adrenaline, life is happening on the go, and comfort isn’t about leisuring in bed but launching towards new endeavours—we’re the millennials! To cater to the needs of our fast paced lives, here’s listing five new launches of 2019 that will help keep your athleisure game going as strong as stylish. Spykar GymJnsToday, there’s little time for anything, leave changing outfits thrice a day. This is why your favourite denim pants get a sassy makeover with GymJns. Spykar’s newest launch is everything you have been wishing for, think—great fit, comfy fabric, sporty style, and crazy stretchability. GymJns offer a four-way dynamic stretch in comparison to the two-way stretch of their regular variants, which make the switch from fun to fitness and leisure an effortless affair. In addition, it comes with the ease of quick drying for a completely hassle-free experience. All this with a cool and carefree semblance apt for fitness ethusiasts! Reebok PureMove BraAs they say, a good workout begins with the right wardrobe selection. To keep you fit and fabulous, Reebok is here to help you get the best out of your exercise session with PureMove Bra. Reebok’s sports bra offers a seamless fit with breathable perforations that feels like a second skin, so that you can move freely without any distraction. What’s more, you can make a statement with its unique colour collection—cold grey and bold teal.  Santoni SneakersWhoever said one needs to give up comfort for a striking style, didn’t hear about these Italian beauties. Santoni Sneakers team excellence of its ergonomic craft with utter elegance. Santoni’s handcrafted shoes are one of its kind, which adds to a sophisticated look. It’s ideal for professionals who are looking to incorporate athleisure in their work wear wardrobe.  Reebok x Gigi Hadid Clothing CollectionAnother exciting launch from the house of Reebok brings fashion and fitness together, and how! Bold, sporty, and uber-stylish, Reebok x Gigi Hadid clothing collection is an authentic representation of the model’s love for all things athletic. Chunky sneakers, uber-stylish track jackets, retro body suits…there’s a whole range waiting for you! Featuring vivid stripes, color-blocked patterns, and 90s-inspired designs, Gigi made sure to have her love of volleyball come through in each element of the collection.  Skechers D'LitesGoing gaga over the chunky sneaker trend? Skechers D'Lites collection is your playfield; go pick a pair that suits you the best! Skechers’ all-new range of sneakers showcases a wide range of dad-shoes that reiterates the 90s love for kicks, being offered in an interesting palette of bold, vivid colours.																		Hustle is our daily dose of adrenaline, life is happening on the go, and comfort isn’t about leisuring in bed but launching towards new endeavours—we’re the millennials! To cater to the needs of our fast paced lives, here’s listing five new launches of 2019 that will help keep your athleisure game going as strong as stylish. Spykar GymJnsToday, there’s little time for anything, leave changing outfits thrice a day. This is why your favourite denim pants get a sassy makeover with GymJns. Spykar’s newest launch is everything you have been wishing for, think—great fit, comfy fabric, sporty style, and crazy stretchability. GymJns offer a four-way dynamic stretch in comparison to the two-way stretch of their regular variants, which make the switch from fun to fitness and leisure an effortless affair. In addition, it comes with the ease of quick drying for a completely hassle-free experience. All this with a cool and carefree semblance apt for fitness ethusiasts! Reebok PureMove BraAs they say, a good workout begins with the right wardrobe selection. To keep you fit and fabulous, Reebok is here to help you get the best out of your exercise session with PureMove Bra. Reebok’s sports bra offers a seamless fit with breathable perforations that feels like a second skin, so that you can move freely without any distraction. What’s more, you can make a statement with its unique colour collection—cold grey and bold teal.  Santoni SneakersWhoever said one needs to give up comfort for a striking style, didn’t hear about these Italian beauties. Santoni Sneakers team excellence of its ergonomic craft with utter elegance. Santoni’s handcrafted shoes are one of its kind, which adds to a sophisticated look. It’s ideal for professionals who are looking to incorporate athleisure in their work wear wardrobe.  Reebok x Gigi Hadid Clothing CollectionAnother exciting launch from the house of Reebok brings fashion and fitness together, and how! Bold, sporty, and uber-stylish, Reebok x Gigi Hadid clothing collection is an authentic representation of the model’s love for all things athletic. Chunky sneakers, uber-stylish track jackets, retro body suits…there’s a whole range waiting for you! Featuring vivid stripes, color-blocked patterns, and 90s-inspired designs, Gigi made sure to have her love of volleyball come through in each element of the collection.  Skechers D'LitesGoing gaga over the chunky sneaker trend? Skechers D'Lites collection is your playfield; go pick a pair that suits you the best! Skechers’ all-new range of sneakers showcases a wide range of dad-shoes that reiterates the 90s love for kicks, being offered in an interesting palette of bold, vivid colours.																		Are you letting conventions carve your style? This season, get more creative with your outfits! Instead of steering straight to the women’s section, why not explore the crazy potential of menswear to get more out of our wardrobe. Stepping away from trends won’t just feel like a breath of fresh air but will also make you stand out stylishly within your clan. Here’s how: Baggy jacketsWe’ve said it enough time that capes are taking over the season. From casual western to ethnic and formal wear, they can be seen everywhere. Pick an easy-fitting men’s jacket to take your breezy summer look a few notches higher. Basic teesLoose clothes are the way of the season. Swap your fitted T-shirt for a men’s tee that hangs loose and helps you beat the heat in style. You’ll be surprised with the range of cool graphics that the collection offers. Tuck the tee in to give your outfit a sultry definition.  													Blazers If you are building your boss lady wardrobe, opt for a blazer to complete your formal look. Picking ‘em from the men’s section offer a host of styling hacks. These blazers come with a longer length than their feminine counterparts, which pairs well with short dresses and pencil skirts. They fall comfortably and give even the most basic of outfits a sharp semblance. Wear it unbuttoned and with rolled up sleeves to feign the fit. Button down shirtsFound your preferred print in the men’s section? Take your pick without giving it a second thought. Give your men’s shirt a dainty finish by donning it with a haute high-waist skirt, throwing it over a slim-fitted tee, or better still, go for a tucked-in look with tight pants. Cool capsIf you feel hats and scarves are taming your wild spirit, set it free with caps.  													Power dressing is ruling office corridors as pants, blazers, and tailored suits take centre stage for working women. Six well-known designers show the explorable options:Nikhil ThampiCutting edge“I strongly recommend a blazer as it offers the perfect combination of formal and semi-formal for office-going women. A high-waist pencil skirt is a versatile option, and can be teamed with a variety of tops. You can also don well-fitted trousers, palazzos, and cigarette pants with different blouses for a smart look. Lastly, you can never go wrong with a crisp white or an oversized shirt.”Shruti SanchetiReality bites “With rapid globalisation and increased urbanisation, the average Indian woman is a working one and rubs shoulders with men. Wear outfits keeping cultural ethos, weather conditions, and your body type in mind. Easy-breezy silhouettes that are practical can be worn to work. Linen, chambray, rayon, and cotton are easy to maintain, so I suggest these fabrics. You can opt for neutral colour palettes and smart details, that will give a formal yet stylish spin to your ensemble.”Genes by Lecoanet HemantFuss free“Working women have always been muses for us. To ensure that empowerment shines through, combine clean lines and functionality with impactful details. We believe, mixing of textures and contrasting hues creates a powerful wardrobe. A sleek skirt or trousers in either beige or black are wardrobe essentials. Further, use belts and wallets to bring the look together for a perfect office ensemble.”Saaksha and KinniPrint party“Swap the classic white shirt and black trousers with a printed co-ordinate set. Instead of wearing a monotone pencil skirt, opt for an organza printed bottom, and pair it with a contrasting patterned blouse. You can also replace a plain black pantsuit with a bright-hued top and chequered trousers.Wearing bright prints will not only bring creativity to your work space, but also make the monotony of getting ready fun.” 													Are you letting conventions carve your style? This season, get more creative with your outfits! Instead of steering straight to the women’s section, why not explore the crazy potential of menswear to get more out of our wardrobe. Stepping away from trends won’t just feel like a breath of fresh air but will also make you stand out stylishly within your clan. Here’s how: Baggy jacketsWe’ve said it enough time that capes are taking over the season. From casual western to ethnic and formal wear, they can be seen everywhere. Pick an easy-fitting men’s jacket to take your breezy summer look a few notches higher. Basic teesLoose clothes are the way of the season. Swap your fitted T-shirt for a men’s tee that hangs loose and helps you beat the heat in style. You’ll be surprised with the range of cool graphics that the collection offers. Tuck the tee in to give your outfit a sultry definition.  													Blazers If you are building your boss lady wardrobe, opt for a blazer to complete your formal look. Picking ‘em from the men’s section offer a host of styling hacks. These blazers come with a longer length than their feminine counterparts, which pairs well with short dresses and pencil skirts. They fall comfortably and give even the most basic of outfits a sharp semblance. Wear it unbuttoned and with rolled up sleeves to feign the fit. Button down shirtsFound your preferred print in the men’s section? Take your pick without giving it a second thought. Give your men’s shirt a dainty finish by donning it with a haute high-waist skirt, throwing it over a slim-fitted tee, or better still, go for a tucked-in look with tight pants. Cool capsIf you feel hats and scarves are taming your wild spirit, set it free with caps.  													Are you letting conventions carve your style? This season, get more creative with your outfits! Instead of steering straight to the women’s section, why not explore the crazy potential of menswear to get more out of our wardrobe. Stepping away from trends won’t just feel like a breath of fresh air but will also make you stand out stylishly within your clan. Here’s how: Baggy jacketsWe’ve said it enough time that capes are taking over the season. From casual western to ethnic and formal wear, they can be seen everywhere. Pick an easy-fitting men’s jacket to take your breezy summer look a few notches higher. Basic teesLoose clothes are the way of the season. Swap your fitted T-shirt for a men’s tee that hangs loose and helps you beat the heat in style. You’ll be surprised with the range of cool graphics that the collection offers. Tuck the tee in to give your outfit a sultry definition.  													Blazers If you are building your boss lady wardrobe, opt for a blazer to complete your formal look. Picking ‘em from the men’s section offer a host of styling hacks. These blazers come with a longer length than their feminine counterparts, which pairs well with short dresses and pencil skirts. They fall comfortably and give even the most basic of outfits a sharp semblance. Wear it unbuttoned and with rolled up sleeves to feign the fit. Button down shirtsFound your preferred print in the men’s section? Take your pick without giving it a second thought. Give your men’s shirt a dainty finish by donning it with a haute high-waist skirt, throwing it over a slim-fitted tee, or better still, go for a tucked-in look with tight pants. Cool capsIf you feel hats and scarves are taming your wild spirit, set it free with caps.  													Power dressing is ruling office corridors as pants, blazers, and tailored suits take centre stage for working women. Six well-known designers show the explorable options:Nikhil ThampiCutting edge“I strongly recommend a blazer as it offers the perfect combination of formal and semi-formal for office-going women. A high-waist pencil skirt is a versatile option, and can be teamed with a variety of tops. You can also don well-fitted trousers, palazzos, and cigarette pants with different blouses for a smart look. Lastly, you can never go wrong with a crisp white or an oversized shirt.”Shruti SanchetiReality bites “With rapid globalisation and increased urbanisation, the average Indian woman is a working one and rubs shoulders with men. Wear outfits keeping cultural ethos, weather conditions, and your body type in mind. Easy-breezy silhouettes that are practical can be worn to work. Linen, chambray, rayon, and cotton are easy to maintain, so I suggest these fabrics. You can opt for neutral colour palettes and smart details, that will give a formal yet stylish spin to your ensemble.”Genes by Lecoanet HemantFuss free“Working women have always been muses for us. To ensure that empowerment shines through, combine clean lines and functionality with impactful details. We believe, mixing of textures and contrasting hues creates a powerful wardrobe. A sleek skirt or trousers in either beige or black are wardrobe essentials. Further, use belts and wallets to bring the look together for a perfect office ensemble.”Saaksha and KinniPrint party“Swap the classic white shirt and black trousers with a printed co-ordinate set. Instead of wearing a monotone pencil skirt, opt for an organza printed bottom, and pair it with a contrasting patterned blouse. You can also replace a plain black pantsuit with a bright-hued top and chequered trousers.Wearing bright prints will not only bring creativity to your work space, but also make the monotony of getting ready fun.” 													Power dressing is ruling office corridors as pants, blazers, and tailored suits take centre stage for working women. Six well-known designers show the explorable options:Nikhil ThampiCutting edge“I strongly recommend a blazer as it offers the perfect combination of formal and semi-formal for office-going women. A high-waist pencil skirt is a versatile option, and can be teamed with a variety of tops. You can also don well-fitted trousers, palazzos, and cigarette pants with different blouses for a smart look. Lastly, you can never go wrong with a crisp white or an oversized shirt.”Shruti SanchetiReality bites “With rapid globalisation and increased urbanisation, the average Indian woman is a working one and rubs shoulders with men. Wear outfits keeping cultural ethos, weather conditions, and your body type in mind. Easy-breezy silhouettes that are practical can be worn to work. Linen, chambray, rayon, and cotton are easy to maintain, so I suggest these fabrics. You can opt for neutral colour palettes and smart details, that will give a formal yet stylish spin to your ensemble.”Genes by Lecoanet HemantFuss free“Working women have always been muses for us. To ensure that empowerment shines through, combine clean lines and functionality with impactful details. We believe, mixing of textures and contrasting hues creates a powerful wardrobe. A sleek skirt or trousers in either beige or black are wardrobe essentials. Further, use belts and wallets to bring the look together for a perfect office ensemble.”Saaksha and KinniPrint party“Swap the classic white shirt and black trousers with a printed co-ordinate set. Instead of wearing a monotone pencil skirt, opt for an organza printed bottom, and pair it with a contrasting patterned blouse. You can also replace a plain black pantsuit with a bright-hued top and chequered trousers.Wearing bright prints will not only bring creativity to your work space, but also make the monotony of getting ready fun.” 													Overdoing trends can become ubiquitous and get boring. Only if you knew what a slight change in pattern or an addition of a bold accessory could do to your style, you would never have a dull day again. Here’s bringing you 5 creative ways to spice up your wardrobe this season: Sassy suits It’s no news that pant suits are a big rage in 2019. However, keeping in line with the formal effect, it’s being sported in basic colours and patterns. Make your executive look meet the shimmer trend, go glam with prints and patterns, or swap you pants with a long skirt. Tip: If you're going for shimmer, pick a stripe-patterned suit to strike the right balance.  Big beltsThis is an accessory that has the potential of amping any outfit almost intentionally. Give your dainty collection of slim belts a rest and go for a big, bold variant for striking definition. These belts will also give your outfit a well-fitted semblance.Tip: Stick to colours that can blend well with several outfits. For starters, think black, brown and beige.  Ruffle Formal wear is not the first thought that comes to the mind when we say ruffle. But that need not be the case. Swap that prim pencil skirt for a sassy ruffle skirt or go for haute ruffle sleeves, and give your office wardrobe a flirty twist.Tip: Opt for an office-apt, knee-length skirt and let the ruffle do the talking. You will be the new talk of town.  Plunging neckline B-town divas are going gaga over this trend, and why not! This fashionable tweak can amp an elegant look with a flirty twist. However, their red carpet appearances have made us believe that it’s limited only to the ballroom. It’s time to break out of this myth and sport a plunging neckline in a basic top for a brunch date, or a summer dress for a stroll in the beach. Go wild and pair a black statement piece with a white suit-pant, if you will!Tip: Don this neckline in a no-pattern basic colour to bring the best out of it.  Bow Why should boys have all the fun? Let’s release this fashion favourite from its gender-specific role and make it a part of our work wardrobe.Tip: Play with different delicate designs to add more personality to your outfit. Feminine is in!Go on, give it a go!																		Overdoing trends can become ubiquitous and get boring. Only if you knew what a slight change in pattern or an addition of a bold accessory could do to your style, you would never have a dull day again. Here’s bringing you 5 creative ways to spice up your wardrobe this season: Sassy suits It’s no news that pant suits are a big rage in 2019. However, keeping in line with the formal effect, it’s being sported in basic colours and patterns. Make your executive look meet the shimmer trend, go glam with prints and patterns, or swap you pants with a long skirt. Tip: If you're going for shimmer, pick a stripe-patterned suit to strike the right balance.  Big beltsThis is an accessory that has the potential of amping any outfit almost intentionally. Give your dainty collection of slim belts a rest and go for a big, bold variant for striking definition. These belts will also give your outfit a well-fitted semblance.Tip: Stick to colours that can blend well with several outfits. For starters, think black, brown and beige.  Ruffle Formal wear is not the first thought that comes to the mind when we say ruffle. But that need not be the case. Swap that prim pencil skirt for a sassy ruffle skirt or go for haute ruffle sleeves, and give your office wardrobe a flirty twist.Tip: Opt for an office-apt, knee-length skirt and let the ruffle do the talking. You will be the new talk of town.  Plunging neckline B-town divas are going gaga over this trend, and why not! This fashionable tweak can amp an elegant look with a flirty twist. However, their red carpet appearances have made us believe that it’s limited only to the ballroom. It’s time to break out of this myth and sport a plunging neckline in a basic top for a brunch date, or a summer dress for a stroll in the beach. Go wild and pair a black statement piece with a white suit-pant, if you will!Tip: Don this neckline in a no-pattern basic colour to bring the best out of it.  Bow Why should boys have all the fun? Let’s release this fashion favourite from its gender-specific role and make it a part of our work wardrobe.Tip: Play with different delicate designs to add more personality to your outfit. Feminine is in!Go on, give it a go!																		Overdoing trends can become ubiquitous and get boring. Only if you knew what a slight change in pattern or an addition of a bold accessory could do to your style, you would never have a dull day again. Here’s bringing you 5 creative ways to spice up your wardrobe this season: Sassy suits It’s no news that pant suits are a big rage in 2019. However, keeping in line with the formal effect, it’s being sported in basic colours and patterns. Make your executive look meet the shimmer trend, go glam with prints and patterns, or swap you pants with a long skirt. Tip: If you're going for shimmer, pick a stripe-patterned suit to strike the right balance.  Big beltsThis is an accessory that has the potential of amping any outfit almost intentionally. Give your dainty collection of slim belts a rest and go for a big, bold variant for striking definition. These belts will also give your outfit a well-fitted semblance.Tip: Stick to colours that can blend well with several outfits. For starters, think black, brown and beige.  Ruffle Formal wear is not the first thought that comes to the mind when we say ruffle. But that need not be the case. Swap that prim pencil skirt for a sassy ruffle skirt or go for haute ruffle sleeves, and give your office wardrobe a flirty twist.Tip: Opt for an office-apt, knee-length skirt and let the ruffle do the talking. You will be the new talk of town.  Plunging neckline B-town divas are going gaga over this trend, and why not! This fashionable tweak can amp an elegant look with a flirty twist. However, their red carpet appearances have made us believe that it’s limited only to the ballroom. It’s time to break out of this myth and sport a plunging neckline in a basic top for a brunch date, or a summer dress for a stroll in the beach. Go wild and pair a black statement piece with a white suit-pant, if you will!Tip: Don this neckline in a no-pattern basic colour to bring the best out of it.  Bow Why should boys have all the fun? Let’s release this fashion favourite from its gender-specific role and make it a part of our work wardrobe.Tip: Play with different delicate designs to add more personality to your outfit. Feminine is in!Go on, give it a go!					Winter is finally over, and we’re happy about the sunny days to be here again. You’ll be shedding those heavy jackets and coats and finally be able to show off the latest trends in fashion as you step out. Here’s looking at the trends this season that will have you turn heads. While the previous year was all sorts of the frivolous extravaganza, this year is more about practical functionality with a generous dollop of extra. Animal printsAnimal prints started making the rounds of runways sometime early last year and in filtered into our closets in full force by the end of the year. The predatory prints from the ’80s had made a massive comeback but with the much-needed makeover! The well-known prints are so much chic and oh so covetable now. What was once considered a bold statement for the wild-hearted is now being sported at ease by the shy too. Cheetah, leopard, snake, zebra, you name it and the print is available at your go-to an e-commerce site. Styling an animal print is a little tricky as you do not want to look like you belong to the circus! Steer clear of heavy fabrics like wools and velvets and opt for smooth and silky outfits such as silks and cotton. Start with a skinny leopard printed bodysuit and boyfriend jeans with boots and work your way up to a snakeskin evening gown with strappy black heels and minimalistic jewellery and you’re all set.  Utility dressingRemember days you were looked down upon for leaving your house in oversized sweats and cargo pants? Well, it turns out that you can proudly flaunt your baggy cargo pants and sneaks this year, all thanks to the utility dressing rage! Welcome to 2019 where function meets fashion in the form of unpolished practicality. It is nothing but practical, laid back and super comfortable clothing. 2019 has functionality written all over it. Imagine practical oversized clothing in muted tones. Combat trousers, chic overalls, trench coats, baggy sweats, sneakers are taking the fashion world with a storm and we aren’t complaining one bit. The key to nailing the perfect utility look is to style the pieces. If you haven’t experimented yet, start with styling functional clothing with tailored pieces. Start with layering an army jacket over a solid black jumpsuit or playsuit with black boots and move ahead. Also, you can jazz up your khaki trench coat with a red lip and a silk scarf for the perfect date look or can sport those ‘ugly’ trainers with a sleep skirt suit at work and be practical, comfortable and oh so chic at the same time. Win-win!  Cycling shortsCycling shorts are nothing new; in fact, Princess Diana regularly sported them with crew necks long ago. Fast forward to 2019, and they are easily the biggest trend of the year. They were unmissable on the runaways and have been marking territory in online and offline stores in abundance. And not, not just in the regular black spandex garment we’ve grown up with but jazzed up in pretty colours and prints and embroidery. It goes without saying that the humble piece of sportswear has graduated the fashion ladder by heaps and how. The garment that was once worn for physical activities is now being sported under blazers to the boardroom. And oh, it is Kim Kardashian approved too! Women all across the globe have taken a fancy for these bodycon shorts and are pairing it off with anything and everything. From boardrooms to date nights to soirees, these shorts are hard to miss. You too could dip your toes in the water by the pairing of a solid coloured one with a loose oversized tee for your regular coffee runs and upgrade by sporting metallic ones underneath blingy long blazers. It isn’t clear on if the trend is here to stay or not, but that doesn’t stop it from being everywhere at the moment! Oversized2019 revolves around the word oversized! From oversized unstructured jackets and t-shirts to oversized huge sunnies and hats, there’s no stopping really! (Yep, that means we would have to put away our skinny sunglasses from last season!) While last season was more sleek and minimal in terms of accessories, this season is all about exaggeration in terms of hats, belts, bags, etc. The tote bag has gotten a makeover and has blown out really big! Loud hair bands- studded, leather, satin etc too seem to have maximized. Sunglasses are big and bold with added adornments. Chunky jewellery in a more natural form rather than being polished would be a hit this year. Belts too are broad and oversized. 80’s fashionThe thumb rule of fashion is that each trend resurfaces after a few years. There are some that we can’t stand and some we welcome with open arms, like the 80’s fashion. The retro fashion has gotten a redo and we can’t wait to see it on the streets. Imagine belted high waist denim and power suits in neon (remember Priyanka Chopra?) and fringed mullets and big hair. Puffy sleeves, ruffles and shoulder pads are more fashionable than you thought. Although the style is more refined and structured than what it was before. Shoulder pads blazers mean business and are definitely not going anywhere for a long time. Ruffles trims tops and dress continue selling like hot cakes. Statement sleeves too are in the running. Expect to see a lot more of the 80’s fashion this year! Text by Ravina SachdevImages by Yogen Shah Some of the colour trends of the year, ruling the ramps and streets alike, are fiesta (red-orange), jester red, turmeric, living coral, pink peacock, pepper stem (yellow-green) and Aspen gold. While hues like Aspen gold and pink peacock became celebs’ favourite in no time, others too are making their way in style. We have a list of celebrities that have flaunted these raging colours in recent times with utmost flair. Have a look: FiestaAlia BhattMalaika Arora Jester RedSonakshi SinhaKalki TurmericKajal AggarwalShilpa Shetty Kundra Living CoralKiara AdvaniKarishma Tanna Pink PeacockFatima Sana ShaikhDiana Penty Pepper StemAthiya ShettySonam Kapoor Ahuja Aspen GoldMadhuri Dixit-NeneRicha Chadha   Winter is finally over, and we’re happy about the sunny days to be here again. You’ll be shedding those heavy jackets and coats and finally be able to show off the latest trends in fashion as you step out. Here’s looking at the trends this season that will have you turn heads. While the previous year was all sorts of the frivolous extravaganza, this year is more about practical functionality with a generous dollop of extra. Animal printsAnimal prints started making the rounds of runways sometime early last year and in filtered into our closets in full force by the end of the year. The predatory prints from the ’80s had made a massive comeback but with the much-needed makeover! The well-known prints are so much chic and oh so covetable now. What was once considered a bold statement for the wild-hearted is now being sported at ease by the shy too. Cheetah, leopard, snake, zebra, you name it and the print is available at your go-to an e-commerce site. Styling an animal print is a little tricky as you do not want to look like you belong to the circus! Steer clear of heavy fabrics like wools and velvets and opt for smooth and silky outfits such as silks and cotton. Start with a skinny leopard printed bodysuit and boyfriend jeans with boots and work your way up to a snakeskin evening gown with strappy black heels and minimalistic jewellery and you’re all set.  Utility dressingRemember days you were looked down upon for leaving your house in oversized sweats and cargo pants? Well, it turns out that you can proudly flaunt your baggy cargo pants and sneaks this year, all thanks to the utility dressing rage! Welcome to 2019 where function meets fashion in the form of unpolished practicality. It is nothing but practical, laid back and super comfortable clothing. 2019 has functionality written all over it. Imagine practical oversized clothing in muted tones. Combat trousers, chic overalls, trench coats, baggy sweats, sneakers are taking the fashion world with a storm and we aren’t complaining one bit. The key to nailing the perfect utility look is to style the pieces. If you haven’t experimented yet, start with styling functional clothing with tailored pieces. Start with layering an army jacket over a solid black jumpsuit or playsuit with black boots and move ahead. Also, you can jazz up your khaki trench coat with a red lip and a silk scarf for the perfect date look or can sport those ‘ugly’ trainers with a sleep skirt suit at work and be practical, comfortable and oh so chic at the same time. Win-win!  Cycling shortsCycling shorts are nothing new; in fact, Princess Diana regularly sported them with crew necks long ago. Fast forward to 2019, and they are easily the biggest trend of the year. They were unmissable on the runaways and have been marking territory in online and offline stores in abundance. And not, not just in the regular black spandex garment we’ve grown up with but jazzed up in pretty colours and prints and embroidery. It goes without saying that the humble piece of sportswear has graduated the fashion ladder by heaps and how. The garment that was once worn for physical activities is now being sported under blazers to the boardroom. And oh, it is Kim Kardashian approved too! Women all across the globe have taken a fancy for these bodycon shorts and are pairing it off with anything and everything. From boardrooms to date nights to soirees, these shorts are hard to miss. You too could dip your toes in the water by the pairing of a solid coloured one with a loose oversized tee for your regular coffee runs and upgrade by sporting metallic ones underneath blingy long blazers. It isn’t clear on if the trend is here to stay or not, but that doesn’t stop it from being everywhere at the moment! Oversized2019 revolves around the word oversized! From oversized unstructured jackets and t-shirts to oversized huge sunnies and hats, there’s no stopping really! (Yep, that means we would have to put away our skinny sunglasses from last season!) While last season was more sleek and minimal in terms of accessories, this season is all about exaggeration in terms of hats, belts, bags, etc. The tote bag has gotten a makeover and has blown out really big! Loud hair bands- studded, leather, satin etc too seem to have maximized. Sunglasses are big and bold with added adornments. Chunky jewellery in a more natural form rather than being polished would be a hit this year. Belts too are broad and oversized. 80’s fashionThe thumb rule of fashion is that each trend resurfaces after a few years. There are some that we can’t stand and some we welcome with open arms, like the 80’s fashion. The retro fashion has gotten a redo and we can’t wait to see it on the streets. Imagine belted high waist denim and power suits in neon (remember Priyanka Chopra?) and fringed mullets and big hair. Puffy sleeves, ruffles and shoulder pads are more fashionable than you thought. Although the style is more refined and structured than what it was before. Shoulder pads blazers mean business and are definitely not going anywhere for a long time. Ruffles trims tops and dress continue selling like hot cakes. Statement sleeves too are in the running. Expect to see a lot more of the 80’s fashion this year! Text by Ravina SachdevImages by Yogen Shah Winter is finally over, and we’re happy about the sunny days to be here again. You’ll be shedding those heavy jackets and coats and finally be able to show off the latest trends in fashion as you step out. Here’s looking at the trends this season that will have you turn heads. While the previous year was all sorts of the frivolous extravaganza, this year is more about practical functionality with a generous dollop of extra. Animal printsAnimal prints started making the rounds of runways sometime early last year and in filtered into our closets in full force by the end of the year. The predatory prints from the ’80s had made a massive comeback but with the much-needed makeover! The well-known prints are so much chic and oh so covetable now. What was once considered a bold statement for the wild-hearted is now being sported at ease by the shy too. Cheetah, leopard, snake, zebra, you name it and the print is available at your go-to an e-commerce site. Styling an animal print is a little tricky as you do not want to look like you belong to the circus! Steer clear of heavy fabrics like wools and velvets and opt for smooth and silky outfits such as silks and cotton. Start with a skinny leopard printed bodysuit and boyfriend jeans with boots and work your way up to a snakeskin evening gown with strappy black heels and minimalistic jewellery and you’re all set.  Utility dressingRemember days you were looked down upon for leaving your house in oversized sweats and cargo pants? Well, it turns out that you can proudly flaunt your baggy cargo pants and sneaks this year, all thanks to the utility dressing rage! Welcome to 2019 where function meets fashion in the form of unpolished practicality. It is nothing but practical, laid back and super comfortable clothing. 2019 has functionality written all over it. Imagine practical oversized clothing in muted tones. Combat trousers, chic overalls, trench coats, baggy sweats, sneakers are taking the fashion world with a storm and we aren’t complaining one bit. The key to nailing the perfect utility look is to style the pieces. If you haven’t experimented yet, start with styling functional clothing with tailored pieces. Start with layering an army jacket over a solid black jumpsuit or playsuit with black boots and move ahead. Also, you can jazz up your khaki trench coat with a red lip and a silk scarf for the perfect date look or can sport those ‘ugly’ trainers with a sleep skirt suit at work and be practical, comfortable and oh so chic at the same time. Win-win!  Cycling shortsCycling shorts are nothing new; in fact, Princess Diana regularly sported them with crew necks long ago. Fast forward to 2019, and they are easily the biggest trend of the year. They were unmissable on the runaways and have been marking territory in online and offline stores in abundance. And not, not just in the regular black spandex garment we’ve grown up with but jazzed up in pretty colours and prints and embroidery. It goes without saying that the humble piece of sportswear has graduated the fashion ladder by heaps and how. The garment that was once worn for physical activities is now being sported under blazers to the boardroom. And oh, it is Kim Kardashian approved too! Women all across the globe have taken a fancy for these bodycon shorts and are pairing it off with anything and everything. From boardrooms to date nights to soirees, these shorts are hard to miss. You too could dip your toes in the water by the pairing of a solid coloured one with a loose oversized tee for your regular coffee runs and upgrade by sporting metallic ones underneath blingy long blazers. It isn’t clear on if the trend is here to stay or not, but that doesn’t stop it from being everywhere at the moment! Oversized2019 revolves around the word oversized! From oversized unstructured jackets and t-shirts to oversized huge sunnies and hats, there’s no stopping really! (Yep, that means we would have to put away our skinny sunglasses from last season!) While last season was more sleek and minimal in terms of accessories, this season is all about exaggeration in terms of hats, belts, bags, etc. The tote bag has gotten a makeover and has blown out really big! Loud hair bands- studded, leather, satin etc too seem to have maximized. Sunglasses are big and bold with added adornments. Chunky jewellery in a more natural form rather than being polished would be a hit this year. Belts too are broad and oversized. 80’s fashionThe thumb rule of fashion is that each trend resurfaces after a few years. There are some that we can’t stand and some we welcome with open arms, like the 80’s fashion. The retro fashion has gotten a redo and we can’t wait to see it on the streets. Imagine belted high waist denim and power suits in neon (remember Priyanka Chopra?) and fringed mullets and big hair. Puffy sleeves, ruffles and shoulder pads are more fashionable than you thought. Although the style is more refined and structured than what it was before. Shoulder pads blazers mean business and are definitely not going anywhere for a long time. Ruffles trims tops and dress continue selling like hot cakes. Statement sleeves too are in the running. Expect to see a lot more of the 80’s fashion this year! Text by Ravina SachdevImages by Yogen Shah Some of the colour trends of the year, ruling the ramps and streets alike, are fiesta (red-orange), jester red, turmeric, living coral, pink peacock, pepper stem (yellow-green) and Aspen gold. While hues like Aspen gold and pink peacock became celebs’ favourite in no time, others too are making their way in style. We have a list of celebrities that have flaunted these raging colours in recent times with utmost flair. Have a look: FiestaAlia BhattMalaika Arora Jester RedSonakshi SinhaKalki TurmericKajal AggarwalShilpa Shetty Kundra Living CoralKiara AdvaniKarishma Tanna Pink PeacockFatima Sana ShaikhDiana Penty Pepper StemAthiya ShettySonam Kapoor Ahuja Aspen GoldMadhuri Dixit-NeneRicha Chadha   Some of the colour trends of the year, ruling the ramps and streets alike, are fiesta (red-orange), jester red, turmeric, living coral, pink peacock, pepper stem (yellow-green) and Aspen gold. While hues like Aspen gold and pink peacock became celebs’ favourite in no time, others too are making their way in style. We have a list of celebrities that have flaunted these raging colours in recent times with utmost flair. Have a look: FiestaAlia BhattMalaika Arora Jester RedSonakshi SinhaKalki TurmericKajal AggarwalShilpa Shetty Kundra Living CoralKiara AdvaniKarishma Tanna Pink PeacockFatima Sana ShaikhDiana Penty Pepper StemAthiya ShettySonam Kapoor Ahuja Aspen GoldMadhuri Dixit-NeneRicha Chadha   From age-old terminologies associated with them like mechanism to ‘cinch your waist’ or to give an ‘optical illusion’ to make your body look hourglass shaped, belts have evolved for good. Today, this add-on is not only used to hold your pants up but has also become a statement piece in an outfit. From Sonam Kapoor Ahuja’s ‘barely there’ to Deepika Padukone’s side-knotted belt, we’re talking of an accessory existing in multiple forms. Being aware of its quality to make an ensemble look uber stylish at once, our Bollywood divas are using and reusing them with different sets of separates and outfits. To know how our desi girls have adorned themselves with it, scroll down: Sonam Kapoor AhujaDeepika Padukone Alia Bhatt Fatima Sana Shaikh Katrina KaifPriyanka Chopra JonasShilpa Shetty KundraKalkiVidya BalanKriti Sanon From age-old terminologies associated with them like mechanism to ‘cinch your waist’ or to give an ‘optical illusion’ to make your body look hourglass shaped, belts have evolved for good. Today, this add-on is not only used to hold your pants up but has also become a statement piece in an outfit. From Sonam Kapoor Ahuja’s ‘barely there’ to Deepika Padukone’s side-knotted belt, we’re talking of an accessory existing in multiple forms. Being aware of its quality to make an ensemble look uber stylish at once, our Bollywood divas are using and reusing them with different sets of separates and outfits. To know how our desi girls have adorned themselves with it, scroll down: Sonam Kapoor AhujaDeepika Padukone Alia Bhatt Fatima Sana Shaikh Katrina KaifPriyanka Chopra JonasShilpa Shetty KundraKalkiVidya BalanKriti Sanon From age-old terminologies associated with them like mechanism to ‘cinch your waist’ or to give an ‘optical illusion’ to make your body look hourglass shaped, belts have evolved for good. Today, this add-on is not only used to hold your pants up but has also become a statement piece in an outfit. From Sonam Kapoor Ahuja’s ‘barely there’ to Deepika Padukone’s side-knotted belt, we’re talking of an accessory existing in multiple forms. Being aware of its quality to make an ensemble look uber stylish at once, our Bollywood divas are using and reusing them with different sets of separates and outfits. To know how our desi girls have adorned themselves with it, scroll down: Sonam Kapoor AhujaDeepika Padukone Alia Bhatt Fatima Sana Shaikh Katrina KaifPriyanka Chopra JonasShilpa Shetty KundraKalkiVidya BalanKriti Sanon Are you someone who likes to keep up with fashion trends? If yes, then this style will keep you company for a long time to come. We’re talking about animal prints (tiger, zebra, cow, leopard, snake). If you are a maximalist, go for a head-to-toe animal print look. If not, then add a dash of the pattern in the form of an accessory like a scarf, a pair of shoes, trendy sunglasses or a handbag. Being in a country that lives and breathes Bollywood, let’s dive in and have a look at some of our desi girls (and, boy) who have donned the print and carried it well: Priyanka Chopra JonasPeeCee’s snake printed shoes are offsetting the otherwise sophisticated look.  Sonam Kapoor AhujaTeaming a suit with a zebra printed blouse to maintain the balance between ‘work and play’ is the smartest combination you’ll find.  Ranveer SinghWhen our Gully Boy decides to go minimal (Yes, you read right) wearing only one garment with prints.  Kalki If Kalki’s look wasn’t cool enough, the head scarf just added the extra oomph.  Malaika AroraChic all the way! Karishma TannaGo wild like Karishma.  Are you someone who likes to keep up with fashion trends? If yes, then this style will keep you company for a long time to come. We’re talking about animal prints (tiger, zebra, cow, leopard, snake). If you are a maximalist, go for a head-to-toe animal print look. If not, then add a dash of the pattern in the form of an accessory like a scarf, a pair of shoes, trendy sunglasses or a handbag. Being in a country that lives and breathes Bollywood, let’s dive in and have a look at some of our desi girls (and, boy) who have donned the print and carried it well: Priyanka Chopra JonasPeeCee’s snake printed shoes are offsetting the otherwise sophisticated look.  Sonam Kapoor AhujaTeaming a suit with a zebra printed blouse to maintain the balance between ‘work and play’ is the smartest combination you’ll find.  Ranveer SinghWhen our Gully Boy decides to go minimal (Yes, you read right) wearing only one garment with prints.  Kalki If Kalki’s look wasn’t cool enough, the head scarf just added the extra oomph.  Malaika AroraChic all the way! Karishma TannaGo wild like Karishma.  Are you someone who likes to keep up with fashion trends? If yes, then this style will keep you company for a long time to come. We’re talking about animal prints (tiger, zebra, cow, leopard, snake). If you are a maximalist, go for a head-to-toe animal print look. If not, then add a dash of the pattern in the form of an accessory like a scarf, a pair of shoes, trendy sunglasses or a handbag. Being in a country that lives and breathes Bollywood, let’s dive in and have a look at some of our desi girls (and, boy) who have donned the print and carried it well: Priyanka Chopra JonasPeeCee’s snake printed shoes are offsetting the otherwise sophisticated look.  Sonam Kapoor AhujaTeaming a suit with a zebra printed blouse to maintain the balance between ‘work and play’ is the smartest combination you’ll find.  Ranveer SinghWhen our Gully Boy decides to go minimal (Yes, you read right) wearing only one garment with prints.  Kalki If Kalki’s look wasn’t cool enough, the head scarf just added the extra oomph.  Malaika AroraChic all the way! Karishma TannaGo wild like Karishma.  													Gone are the days when eyeglasses were considered unfashionable and boring. Today, there’s no smarter accessory to add to your look. They give a polished appearance that’s both sexy and strong. In fact, the trend is winning so many hearts that not only are they being donned with prescription lenses but also as no-power lenses, purely to make a fashion statement. All for the artsy effect! As we know, 2019 is about going bold and individualistic in your fashion choices. So, go for a fat frame, pick a sleek one in an oversized variant, or take the classic way. Catch on this spectacle rage with these celeb-inspired looks:OVERSIZED glasses clearly lead the list It’s never too modern for the RETRO-ROUND frames Ooomph up with an AVIATOR Sassy and sleek SEMI-RIMLESS framesBack to the BASICS 													Minimalist and sassy, the most appealing jewellery trend of the year spells all things quaint. While statement necklaces and chunky earrings are very much in play, they are limited to adorning occasional events. For an everyday appearance, more and more people are looking for accessories that are glamorous but subtle, and enhances the outfit instead of overpowering it. There’s more to it... The season is witnessing a thrust of natural and wild energy, and animal motifs are being donned everywhere from drop earrings to dainty rings. “Animal motifs like butterfly, peacock, fish etc. have always been an evergreen trend. They depict the beauty of nature and the vibrant shades of one’s personality. The beautiful colours of a butterfly, for instance, depicts particularly well in drop earrings and pendants. If you are buying fashion jewellery, match it right with your outfit to get an effortless quirky look with animal motifs.” Tells Pradnya Mhaske, the Head of Jewellery Design and Merchandising at CaratLane. Check out how the popular jewellery brands are living up to this trend: CaratLane CandereShazeKalki Fashion Malabar Gold and Diamonds  													Gone are the days when eyeglasses were considered unfashionable and boring. Today, there’s no smarter accessory to add to your look. They give a polished appearance that’s both sexy and strong. In fact, the trend is winning so many hearts that not only are they being donned with prescription lenses but also as no-power lenses, purely to make a fashion statement. All for the artsy effect! As we know, 2019 is about going bold and individualistic in your fashion choices. So, go for a fat frame, pick a sleek one in an oversized variant, or take the classic way. Catch on this spectacle rage with these celeb-inspired looks:OVERSIZED glasses clearly lead the list It’s never too modern for the RETRO-ROUND frames Ooomph up with an AVIATOR Sassy and sleek SEMI-RIMLESS framesBack to the BASICS 													Gone are the days when eyeglasses were considered unfashionable and boring. Today, there’s no smarter accessory to add to your look. They give a polished appearance that’s both sexy and strong. In fact, the trend is winning so many hearts that not only are they being donned with prescription lenses but also as no-power lenses, purely to make a fashion statement. All for the artsy effect! As we know, 2019 is about going bold and individualistic in your fashion choices. So, go for a fat frame, pick a sleek one in an oversized variant, or take the classic way. Catch on this spectacle rage with these celeb-inspired looks:OVERSIZED glasses clearly lead the list It’s never too modern for the RETRO-ROUND frames Ooomph up with an AVIATOR Sassy and sleek SEMI-RIMLESS framesBack to the BASICS 													Minimalist and sassy, the most appealing jewellery trend of the year spells all things quaint. While statement necklaces and chunky earrings are very much in play, they are limited to adorning occasional events. For an everyday appearance, more and more people are looking for accessories that are glamorous but subtle, and enhances the outfit instead of overpowering it. There’s more to it... The season is witnessing a thrust of natural and wild energy, and animal motifs are being donned everywhere from drop earrings to dainty rings. “Animal motifs like butterfly, peacock, fish etc. have always been an evergreen trend. They depict the beauty of nature and the vibrant shades of one’s personality. The beautiful colours of a butterfly, for instance, depicts particularly well in drop earrings and pendants. If you are buying fashion jewellery, match it right with your outfit to get an effortless quirky look with animal motifs.” Tells Pradnya Mhaske, the Head of Jewellery Design and Merchandising at CaratLane. Check out how the popular jewellery brands are living up to this trend: CaratLane CandereShazeKalki Fashion Malabar Gold and Diamonds  													Minimalist and sassy, the most appealing jewellery trend of the year spells all things quaint. While statement necklaces and chunky earrings are very much in play, they are limited to adorning occasional events. For an everyday appearance, more and more people are looking for accessories that are glamorous but subtle, and enhances the outfit instead of overpowering it. There’s more to it... The season is witnessing a thrust of natural and wild energy, and animal motifs are being donned everywhere from drop earrings to dainty rings. “Animal motifs like butterfly, peacock, fish etc. have always been an evergreen trend. They depict the beauty of nature and the vibrant shades of one’s personality. The beautiful colours of a butterfly, for instance, depicts particularly well in drop earrings and pendants. If you are buying fashion jewellery, match it right with your outfit to get an effortless quirky look with animal motifs.” Tells Pradnya Mhaske, the Head of Jewellery Design and Merchandising at CaratLane. Check out how the popular jewellery brands are living up to this trend: CaratLane CandereShazeKalki Fashion Malabar Gold and Diamonds  													You might have had a love-hate relationship with chokers, but they became fashionable 500 years ago and are still raging among fashion enthusiasts in their evolved forms. After gaining prominence in 1990, the tattoo choker returned to claim its spot again in 2015. Whereas, today, the velvet, lacy, beaded, chained, and pearled neckpieces are going strong and are constantly metamorphosing in terms of size and material. Not to be left behind, Bollywood actors are walking hand in hand with jewellery trends where ethnic chokers top the list. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja was spotted in a dainty choker adorned with pearls, Kareena Kapoor Khan went for a jadau neckpiece. To know how other B-town divas styled the ‘It’ trend of the season with different outfits, scroll down: Sonam Kapoor AhujaIn Amrapali. Kareena Kapoor KhanIn Anjali Bhimrajka. Deepika PadukoneIn Sabyasachi.  Alia BhattIn Sabyasachi.  Malaika Arora In Satyani Fine Jewels.  Pooja HegdeIn Anita Dongre. Shilpa Shetty KundraIn Rare Heritage.  Katrina KaifIn Tanishq.  Karisma KapoorIn Birdhichand Ghanshyamdas.  Kiara AdvaniIn Joolry.  Bipasha Basu Singh GroverIn Falguni Mehta.					 It’s time for all of us to make a resolution to not fall prey to body figure stereotyping and make it all about self-love. Not trying to hide behind frumpy clothes that do you no justice is one way to do that. Finding out and understanding your body type is something to be thankful for, however making it a stereotype is not. So all the apple body-shaped woman, pear body-shaped and also the full-sized hourglass body-shaped ladies, stop being used to the embarrassing yourself, rather start embracing yourself! With numerous brands breaking the beauty taboo with real-body campaigns and policies we celebrate every woman with perfection. If you are curvy, it is important to dress according to your size. Say goodbye to every oversized clothes and slide into the outfits with the right fit that will hide your problem areas and highlight the right angles of your frame. Styling from top to bottom can bring a vast change in your look. Have a look at some great style tips for real girls who felt too voluptuous to wear certain items, and we're here to blow those myths right out of the water. LINES AND SHAPES You need your first impression to be fab-worthy, and it is all about your lines and shapes that draw the eye. One great trick is to wear monochrome ensembles. This makes the viewer’s eye move up to down, or vice versa, forming one uninterrupted line, which makes you look tall and slim. If you’re looking to enhance those curves, then opt for a bodycon dress in the right fabric like jersey. You can also wear ensembles that have lines narrowing at the waist and spreading away at the bust and the hips. The lines can be in the form of a print, stitches, pleats, etc. A dress with a plunging V-neck and a cinched waist which then flairs out below, also gives the illusion of an hourglass figure.  THE RULE OF THE HEM Knowing where hems or borders should be on your body can help you lengthen the frame. A knee-length skirt, for example, should sit just right under the knee, never around the biggest part of the calf.  The hem of the jeans should be at the ankle, or (even better) an inch or two below. If you are not of average height, buy your clothes, specifically the bottoms from a retailer that gives you perfect length options. Well, hems can be tricky sometimes but the best thing is to not to have a clue about it and find a tailor with a good eye, trust them and learn as you go.  SAY 'NO' TO OVERSIZED CLOTHES Just beanpoles look great in larger than the average dress size! Don’t add volume to your body by wearing oversized dresses. Instead, pick the clothes that are body-skimming (not too tight) and show your curvy side. Say no to a giant t-shirt, but a maxi or kaftans that skim the curves and have some belt at the waist is cool. If you want an easy profile, or if you got your favourite graphic on a tee or tunic then pair it with tighter trousers or jeans and make it to your advantage. MIND THE SHOES It’s always a head-to-toe thing and what you put on your feet that matters. Pointy tips and low heels can make you look slim, whether you are pairing it with a skirt or a pair of pants. Try to find a shoe with a vamp the ends at the top of your toes, other than halfway around. Shoe styles with low vamps include ballet flats and pumps. High-vamp shoes include Mary Janes and loafers. WHAT NOW, ACCESSORIES? Long chains, not chokers are good to go, especially if you got classic apple shape and short neck. Your focus should be on creating long, unbroken lines along your body. No mood of jewellery? Grab a long scarf helps for the same effect. Layering your jewellery is another way of drawing the eye vertically. From choker to long chains, layer with a couple of them together. Even when wearing bangles and bracelets, stack them up.  VOTE FOR LAYERS Contrary to stereotypes, layering doesn’t necessarily add volume. Instead, it sometimes gives your body a definition. Wearing a tank top with a pretty cardigan instead of one-piece dress or T-shirt can help to underline your shape.  Ensure though that you don’t layer with bulky garments.  EMBRACE YOUR HIGH WAIST High-waisted pants are your companion. They help tuck in folds and fat and minimize muffin tops since they end at the slimmest part of the waist. Ensure they're long, finishing at the lower leg or underneath, following the rule of the hemline.  Dress to make yourself feel good, and you will make heads turn!  Text: Akruti Khandkar 													You might have had a love-hate relationship with chokers, but they became fashionable 500 years ago and are still raging among fashion enthusiasts in their evolved forms. After gaining prominence in 1990, the tattoo choker returned to claim its spot again in 2015. Whereas, today, the velvet, lacy, beaded, chained, and pearled neckpieces are going strong and are constantly metamorphosing in terms of size and material. Not to be left behind, Bollywood actors are walking hand in hand with jewellery trends where ethnic chokers top the list. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja was spotted in a dainty choker adorned with pearls, Kareena Kapoor Khan went for a jadau neckpiece. To know how other B-town divas styled the ‘It’ trend of the season with different outfits, scroll down: Sonam Kapoor AhujaIn Amrapali. Kareena Kapoor KhanIn Anjali Bhimrajka. Deepika PadukoneIn Sabyasachi.  Alia BhattIn Sabyasachi.  Malaika Arora In Satyani Fine Jewels.  Pooja HegdeIn Anita Dongre. Shilpa Shetty KundraIn Rare Heritage.  Katrina KaifIn Tanishq.  Karisma KapoorIn Birdhichand Ghanshyamdas.  Kiara AdvaniIn Joolry.  Bipasha Basu Singh GroverIn Falguni Mehta.																		You might have had a love-hate relationship with chokers, but they became fashionable 500 years ago and are still raging among fashion enthusiasts in their evolved forms. After gaining prominence in 1990, the tattoo choker returned to claim its spot again in 2015. Whereas, today, the velvet, lacy, beaded, chained, and pearled neckpieces are going strong and are constantly metamorphosing in terms of size and material. Not to be left behind, Bollywood actors are walking hand in hand with jewellery trends where ethnic chokers top the list. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja was spotted in a dainty choker adorned with pearls, Kareena Kapoor Khan went for a jadau neckpiece. To know how other B-town divas styled the ‘It’ trend of the season with different outfits, scroll down: Sonam Kapoor AhujaIn Amrapali. Kareena Kapoor KhanIn Anjali Bhimrajka. Deepika PadukoneIn Sabyasachi.  Alia BhattIn Sabyasachi.  Malaika Arora In Satyani Fine Jewels.  Pooja HegdeIn Anita Dongre. Shilpa Shetty KundraIn Rare Heritage.  Katrina KaifIn Tanishq.  Karisma KapoorIn Birdhichand Ghanshyamdas.  Kiara AdvaniIn Joolry.  Bipasha Basu Singh GroverIn Falguni Mehta.					 It’s time for all of us to make a resolution to not fall prey to body figure stereotyping and make it all about self-love. Not trying to hide behind frumpy clothes that do you no justice is one way to do that. Finding out and understanding your body type is something to be thankful for, however making it a stereotype is not. So all the apple body-shaped woman, pear body-shaped and also the full-sized hourglass body-shaped ladies, stop being used to the embarrassing yourself, rather start embracing yourself! With numerous brands breaking the beauty taboo with real-body campaigns and policies we celebrate every woman with perfection. If you are curvy, it is important to dress according to your size. Say goodbye to every oversized clothes and slide into the outfits with the right fit that will hide your problem areas and highlight the right angles of your frame. Styling from top to bottom can bring a vast change in your look. Have a look at some great style tips for real girls who felt too voluptuous to wear certain items, and we're here to blow those myths right out of the water. LINES AND SHAPES You need your first impression to be fab-worthy, and it is all about your lines and shapes that draw the eye. One great trick is to wear monochrome ensembles. This makes the viewer’s eye move up to down, or vice versa, forming one uninterrupted line, which makes you look tall and slim. If you’re looking to enhance those curves, then opt for a bodycon dress in the right fabric like jersey. You can also wear ensembles that have lines narrowing at the waist and spreading away at the bust and the hips. The lines can be in the form of a print, stitches, pleats, etc. A dress with a plunging V-neck and a cinched waist which then flairs out below, also gives the illusion of an hourglass figure.  THE RULE OF THE HEM Knowing where hems or borders should be on your body can help you lengthen the frame. A knee-length skirt, for example, should sit just right under the knee, never around the biggest part of the calf.  The hem of the jeans should be at the ankle, or (even better) an inch or two below. If you are not of average height, buy your clothes, specifically the bottoms from a retailer that gives you perfect length options. Well, hems can be tricky sometimes but the best thing is to not to have a clue about it and find a tailor with a good eye, trust them and learn as you go.  SAY 'NO' TO OVERSIZED CLOTHES Just beanpoles look great in larger than the average dress size! Don’t add volume to your body by wearing oversized dresses. Instead, pick the clothes that are body-skimming (not too tight) and show your curvy side. Say no to a giant t-shirt, but a maxi or kaftans that skim the curves and have some belt at the waist is cool. If you want an easy profile, or if you got your favourite graphic on a tee or tunic then pair it with tighter trousers or jeans and make it to your advantage. MIND THE SHOES It’s always a head-to-toe thing and what you put on your feet that matters. Pointy tips and low heels can make you look slim, whether you are pairing it with a skirt or a pair of pants. Try to find a shoe with a vamp the ends at the top of your toes, other than halfway around. Shoe styles with low vamps include ballet flats and pumps. High-vamp shoes include Mary Janes and loafers. WHAT NOW, ACCESSORIES? Long chains, not chokers are good to go, especially if you got classic apple shape and short neck. Your focus should be on creating long, unbroken lines along your body. No mood of jewellery? Grab a long scarf helps for the same effect. Layering your jewellery is another way of drawing the eye vertically. From choker to long chains, layer with a couple of them together. Even when wearing bangles and bracelets, stack them up.  VOTE FOR LAYERS Contrary to stereotypes, layering doesn’t necessarily add volume. Instead, it sometimes gives your body a definition. Wearing a tank top with a pretty cardigan instead of one-piece dress or T-shirt can help to underline your shape.  Ensure though that you don’t layer with bulky garments.  EMBRACE YOUR HIGH WAIST High-waisted pants are your companion. They help tuck in folds and fat and minimize muffin tops since they end at the slimmest part of the waist. Ensure they're long, finishing at the lower leg or underneath, following the rule of the hemline.  Dress to make yourself feel good, and you will make heads turn!  Text: Akruti Khandkar  It’s time for all of us to make a resolution to not fall prey to body figure stereotyping and make it all about self-love. Not trying to hide behind frumpy clothes that do you no justice is one way to do that. Finding out and understanding your body type is something to be thankful for, however making it a stereotype is not. So all the apple body-shaped woman, pear body-shaped and also the full-sized hourglass body-shaped ladies, stop being used to the embarrassing yourself, rather start embracing yourself! With numerous brands breaking the beauty taboo with real-body campaigns and policies we celebrate every woman with perfection. If you are curvy, it is important to dress according to your size. Say goodbye to every oversized clothes and slide into the outfits with the right fit that will hide your problem areas and highlight the right angles of your frame. Styling from top to bottom can bring a vast change in your look. Have a look at some great style tips for real girls who felt too voluptuous to wear certain items, and we're here to blow those myths right out of the water. LINES AND SHAPES You need your first impression to be fab-worthy, and it is all about your lines and shapes that draw the eye. One great trick is to wear monochrome ensembles. This makes the viewer’s eye move up to down, or vice versa, forming one uninterrupted line, which makes you look tall and slim. If you’re looking to enhance those curves, then opt for a bodycon dress in the right fabric like jersey. You can also wear ensembles that have lines narrowing at the waist and spreading away at the bust and the hips. The lines can be in the form of a print, stitches, pleats, etc. A dress with a plunging V-neck and a cinched waist which then flairs out below, also gives the illusion of an hourglass figure.  THE RULE OF THE HEM Knowing where hems or borders should be on your body can help you lengthen the frame. A knee-length skirt, for example, should sit just right under the knee, never around the biggest part of the calf.  The hem of the jeans should be at the ankle, or (even better) an inch or two below. If you are not of average height, buy your clothes, specifically the bottoms from a retailer that gives you perfect length options. Well, hems can be tricky sometimes but the best thing is to not to have a clue about it and find a tailor with a good eye, trust them and learn as you go.  SAY 'NO' TO OVERSIZED CLOTHES Just beanpoles look great in larger than the average dress size! Don’t add volume to your body by wearing oversized dresses. Instead, pick the clothes that are body-skimming (not too tight) and show your curvy side. Say no to a giant t-shirt, but a maxi or kaftans that skim the curves and have some belt at the waist is cool. If you want an easy profile, or if you got your favourite graphic on a tee or tunic then pair it with tighter trousers or jeans and make it to your advantage. MIND THE SHOES It’s always a head-to-toe thing and what you put on your feet that matters. Pointy tips and low heels can make you look slim, whether you are pairing it with a skirt or a pair of pants. Try to find a shoe with a vamp the ends at the top of your toes, other than halfway around. Shoe styles with low vamps include ballet flats and pumps. High-vamp shoes include Mary Janes and loafers. WHAT NOW, ACCESSORIES? Long chains, not chokers are good to go, especially if you got classic apple shape and short neck. Your focus should be on creating long, unbroken lines along your body. No mood of jewellery? Grab a long scarf helps for the same effect. Layering your jewellery is another way of drawing the eye vertically. From choker to long chains, layer with a couple of them together. Even when wearing bangles and bracelets, stack them up.  VOTE FOR LAYERS Contrary to stereotypes, layering doesn’t necessarily add volume. Instead, it sometimes gives your body a definition. Wearing a tank top with a pretty cardigan instead of one-piece dress or T-shirt can help to underline your shape.  Ensure though that you don’t layer with bulky garments.  EMBRACE YOUR HIGH WAIST High-waisted pants are your companion. They help tuck in folds and fat and minimize muffin tops since they end at the slimmest part of the waist. Ensure they're long, finishing at the lower leg or underneath, following the rule of the hemline.  Dress to make yourself feel good, and you will make heads turn!  Text: Akruti Khandkar 													Step into summers with a fresh hair style to set the tone of the season right. Amp it up with a fresh colour hue, cut it short for a sassy touch-up, beat the heat with ponies and buns, or better still…feel the wind in your hair in style with an exaggerated side parting. Here’s how to take on the sunny spirit, this year:Cool colourWavy bobNaughty knotDeep side partOn-point pony 													One of the top fashion cities of the world, Paris, witnessed its annual fashion week (February 25 to March 5, 2019) recently. Manish Arora, Stella McCartney, Givenchy, among several other designers, showcased their latest collections with undeniable excellence. Some of the trends spotted at the fashion week of the French capital are listed below. Have a look and rework your wardrobe: BeltsDiorRahul MishraFrom Dior to Rahul Mishra, cinched waists remained a designer favourite. Broad shouldersMaison MargielaGivenchyJumping on the bandwagon of maximalist lovers are Maison Margiela and Givenchy. NeonManish AroraSaint Laurent One of the hottest trends of the '80s, neon is back for good. Studded outfitsBalmainFor that extra edge, don a studded outfit.  Flower powerStella McCartneyFeminine and stylish always include floral print.  See-throughValentinoOpt for a sheer dress for a bold and daring look.  Exaggerated silhouettesAlexander McQueenChoose exaggerated silhouettes to look larger than life. 													Step into summers with a fresh hair style to set the tone of the season right. Amp it up with a fresh colour hue, cut it short for a sassy touch-up, beat the heat with ponies and buns, or better still…feel the wind in your hair in style with an exaggerated side parting. Here’s how to take on the sunny spirit, this year:Cool colourWavy bobNaughty knotDeep side partOn-point pony 													Step into summers with a fresh hair style to set the tone of the season right. Amp it up with a fresh colour hue, cut it short for a sassy touch-up, beat the heat with ponies and buns, or better still…feel the wind in your hair in style with an exaggerated side parting. Here’s how to take on the sunny spirit, this year:Cool colourWavy bobNaughty knotDeep side partOn-point pony 													One of the top fashion cities of the world, Paris, witnessed its annual fashion week (February 25 to March 5, 2019) recently. Manish Arora, Stella McCartney, Givenchy, among several other designers, showcased their latest collections with undeniable excellence. Some of the trends spotted at the fashion week of the French capital are listed below. Have a look and rework your wardrobe: BeltsDiorRahul MishraFrom Dior to Rahul Mishra, cinched waists remained a designer favourite. Broad shouldersMaison MargielaGivenchyJumping on the bandwagon of maximalist lovers are Maison Margiela and Givenchy. NeonManish AroraSaint Laurent One of the hottest trends of the '80s, neon is back for good. Studded outfitsBalmainFor that extra edge, don a studded outfit.  Flower powerStella McCartneyFeminine and stylish always include floral print.  See-throughValentinoOpt for a sheer dress for a bold and daring look.  Exaggerated silhouettesAlexander McQueenChoose exaggerated silhouettes to look larger than life. 													One of the top fashion cities of the world, Paris, witnessed its annual fashion week (February 25 to March 5, 2019) recently. Manish Arora, Stella McCartney, Givenchy, among several other designers, showcased their latest collections with undeniable excellence. Some of the trends spotted at the fashion week of the French capital are listed below. Have a look and rework your wardrobe: BeltsDiorRahul MishraFrom Dior to Rahul Mishra, cinched waists remained a designer favourite. Broad shouldersMaison MargielaGivenchyJumping on the bandwagon of maximalist lovers are Maison Margiela and Givenchy. NeonManish AroraSaint Laurent One of the hottest trends of the '80s, neon is back for good. Studded outfitsBalmainFor that extra edge, don a studded outfit.  Flower powerStella McCartneyFeminine and stylish always include floral print.  See-throughValentinoOpt for a sheer dress for a bold and daring look.  Exaggerated silhouettesAlexander McQueenChoose exaggerated silhouettes to look larger than life. 													There’s only one occasion that’s more special than the ‘bride pride,’ and that’s the playful cadence of a bridesmaid. Why’s that, you ask? It is because you get the perks of that dressy, dreamy milieu without the collywobbles of a bridezilla. If you are priming up for your besties wedding, here’s what on the trends platter to help you customize your bridesmaid look for the season. DressWhile lehengas hold their place strongly in the wedding wardrobe, indo-western outfits are gaining crazy admiration in 2019. If you’re sticking with the former, you can give it a contemporary twist with an atypical colour like electric blue or switch up your outfit with a blazing print. Take a cue from these on-trend attires. Bright bold prints Stunning sharara dressesFantastic fusion  Hair From the ramp of Lakmé Fashion Week to the red carpet of Nykaa.com Femina Beauty Awards, 2019 is experiencing a fashion fever of all things wavy. Soft polished waves, mesmerizing messy tresses, and everything in between is winning over divas and here’s how you can don this hairdo too. Sexy side swept Soft textured wavesDressy messy ponies  Makeup This year, the makeup palette sees a move from the traditional red look to softer tones of the pink and brown family. Dramatic, kohled eyes nonetheless slip strongly into popular 2019-trends too. Soft pinkBrown and beigeThe classic wing  													Bollywood brides have been tweaking the traditional trousseau to add a personalised touch to their D-day look. Deepika Padukone brought the white-gown-veil to our red Indian wedding, Anushka Sharma introduced the pastel power, and Priyanka Chopra Jonas had a fresh take on the classic ruby rage. Taking a cue from these celebs, here’s a compilation of how modern brides will be quirking up their wedding wardrobe this year. The experimental bride  The contemporary traditional bride The pastel perfect bride The fun fusion bride  The colour queer bride   													There’s only one occasion that’s more special than the ‘bride pride,’ and that’s the playful cadence of a bridesmaid. Why’s that, you ask? It is because you get the perks of that dressy, dreamy milieu without the collywobbles of a bridezilla. If you are priming up for your besties wedding, here’s what on the trends platter to help you customize your bridesmaid look for the season. DressWhile lehengas hold their place strongly in the wedding wardrobe, indo-western outfits are gaining crazy admiration in 2019. If you’re sticking with the former, you can give it a contemporary twist with an atypical colour like electric blue or switch up your outfit with a blazing print. Take a cue from these on-trend attires. Bright bold prints Stunning sharara dressesFantastic fusion  Hair From the ramp of Lakmé Fashion Week to the red carpet of Nykaa.com Femina Beauty Awards, 2019 is experiencing a fashion fever of all things wavy. Soft polished waves, mesmerizing messy tresses, and everything in between is winning over divas and here’s how you can don this hairdo too. Sexy side swept Soft textured wavesDressy messy ponies  Makeup This year, the makeup palette sees a move from the traditional red look to softer tones of the pink and brown family. Dramatic, kohled eyes nonetheless slip strongly into popular 2019-trends too. Soft pinkBrown and beigeThe classic wing  													There’s only one occasion that’s more special than the ‘bride pride,’ and that’s the playful cadence of a bridesmaid. Why’s that, you ask? It is because you get the perks of that dressy, dreamy milieu without the collywobbles of a bridezilla. If you are priming up for your besties wedding, here’s what on the trends platter to help you customize your bridesmaid look for the season. DressWhile lehengas hold their place strongly in the wedding wardrobe, indo-western outfits are gaining crazy admiration in 2019. If you’re sticking with the former, you can give it a contemporary twist with an atypical colour like electric blue or switch up your outfit with a blazing print. Take a cue from these on-trend attires. Bright bold prints Stunning sharara dressesFantastic fusion  Hair From the ramp of Lakmé Fashion Week to the red carpet of Nykaa.com Femina Beauty Awards, 2019 is experiencing a fashion fever of all things wavy. Soft polished waves, mesmerizing messy tresses, and everything in between is winning over divas and here’s how you can don this hairdo too. Sexy side swept Soft textured wavesDressy messy ponies  Makeup This year, the makeup palette sees a move from the traditional red look to softer tones of the pink and brown family. Dramatic, kohled eyes nonetheless slip strongly into popular 2019-trends too. Soft pinkBrown and beigeThe classic wing  													Bollywood brides have been tweaking the traditional trousseau to add a personalised touch to their D-day look. Deepika Padukone brought the white-gown-veil to our red Indian wedding, Anushka Sharma introduced the pastel power, and Priyanka Chopra Jonas had a fresh take on the classic ruby rage. Taking a cue from these celebs, here’s a compilation of how modern brides will be quirking up their wedding wardrobe this year. The experimental bride  The contemporary traditional bride The pastel perfect bride The fun fusion bride  The colour queer bride   													Bollywood brides have been tweaking the traditional trousseau to add a personalised touch to their D-day look. Deepika Padukone brought the white-gown-veil to our red Indian wedding, Anushka Sharma introduced the pastel power, and Priyanka Chopra Jonas had a fresh take on the classic ruby rage. Taking a cue from these celebs, here’s a compilation of how modern brides will be quirking up their wedding wardrobe this year. The experimental bride  The contemporary traditional bride The pastel perfect bride The fun fusion bride  The colour queer bride   													Everything is grand and maximalist when it comes to Milan. This season too, we witnessed a range of trends and styling tips from one of the most celebrated fashion extravaganzas of today. Glam giants like Versace, Gucci and Armani gave a visual presentation of what ‘expression through fashion’ is all about. They are testimony to the fact that styling is an art and one of the most fundamental ways to present yourself to the world. Below are few glimpses of the fashion week to upgrade your MO: GucciAfter all-black everything, it’s head-to-toe red that will be talked about.  VersaceHave a quilted leather jacket in your wardrobe? Take it out and layer it with a turtleneck top to turn heads. Or, sparkle in a column dress adorned with chunky jewellery.  ArmaniDon velvet, taffeta and silk separates together next time for a striking look. Also, navy and black are cool to be teamed in conjunction.  EtroBring the vintage style back with a jacquard jacket or a bustier mini dress.  AtticoPink and red is the perfect mash-up for a ritzy look. Offset the clash with a third hue.  Tod’sBermuda shorts are back in the trend. Flaunt them everywhere you go.  Stella JeanChequered wrap trench coat is a synonym for high fashion today. Team it with a neutral turtleneck underneath to appear ramp-ready. Also, animal print is everywhere, unveil your wild side with it. United Colors of BenettonTake cues from UCB on how to rock the rainbow trend.					PastelsA perfect choice for an OOTD, these sweet-looking hues can be paired with almost anything in your wardrobe. With flirty silhouettes and romantic textures, you can mix and match your pastels with neutrals or with other pastels. FloralsUnleash your inner girl by wearing these pretty floral dresses. This trend gives a huge shoutout to the '80s era with the bold styles, shades and silhouettes. NeonNeon clothes aren’t just for the runway, they are immensely wearable even in your daily wardrobe! See below some of our favorite picks that are guaranteed to make your outfit stand out. Natural tonesEarthy tones, in contrast to vibrant neons, give off a more grounded vibe. If your style falls under the classic spectrum, then this trend is for you																		Everything is grand and maximalist when it comes to Milan. This season too, we witnessed a range of trends and styling tips from one of the most celebrated fashion extravaganzas of today. Glam giants like Versace, Gucci and Armani gave a visual presentation of what ‘expression through fashion’ is all about. They are testimony to the fact that styling is an art and one of the most fundamental ways to present yourself to the world. Below are few glimpses of the fashion week to upgrade your MO: GucciAfter all-black everything, it’s head-to-toe red that will be talked about.  VersaceHave a quilted leather jacket in your wardrobe? Take it out and layer it with a turtleneck top to turn heads. Or, sparkle in a column dress adorned with chunky jewellery.  ArmaniDon velvet, taffeta and silk separates together next time for a striking look. Also, navy and black are cool to be teamed in conjunction.  EtroBring the vintage style back with a jacquard jacket or a bustier mini dress.  AtticoPink and red is the perfect mash-up for a ritzy look. Offset the clash with a third hue.  Tod’sBermuda shorts are back in the trend. Flaunt them everywhere you go.  Stella JeanChequered wrap trench coat is a synonym for high fashion today. Team it with a neutral turtleneck underneath to appear ramp-ready. Also, animal print is everywhere, unveil your wild side with it. United Colors of BenettonTake cues from UCB on how to rock the rainbow trend.																		Everything is grand and maximalist when it comes to Milan. This season too, we witnessed a range of trends and styling tips from one of the most celebrated fashion extravaganzas of today. Glam giants like Versace, Gucci and Armani gave a visual presentation of what ‘expression through fashion’ is all about. They are testimony to the fact that styling is an art and one of the most fundamental ways to present yourself to the world. Below are few glimpses of the fashion week to upgrade your MO: GucciAfter all-black everything, it’s head-to-toe red that will be talked about.  VersaceHave a quilted leather jacket in your wardrobe? Take it out and layer it with a turtleneck top to turn heads. Or, sparkle in a column dress adorned with chunky jewellery.  ArmaniDon velvet, taffeta and silk separates together next time for a striking look. Also, navy and black are cool to be teamed in conjunction.  EtroBring the vintage style back with a jacquard jacket or a bustier mini dress.  AtticoPink and red is the perfect mash-up for a ritzy look. Offset the clash with a third hue.  Tod’sBermuda shorts are back in the trend. Flaunt them everywhere you go.  Stella JeanChequered wrap trench coat is a synonym for high fashion today. Team it with a neutral turtleneck underneath to appear ramp-ready. Also, animal print is everywhere, unveil your wild side with it. United Colors of BenettonTake cues from UCB on how to rock the rainbow trend.					PastelsA perfect choice for an OOTD, these sweet-looking hues can be paired with almost anything in your wardrobe. With flirty silhouettes and romantic textures, you can mix and match your pastels with neutrals or with other pastels. FloralsUnleash your inner girl by wearing these pretty floral dresses. This trend gives a huge shoutout to the '80s era with the bold styles, shades and silhouettes. NeonNeon clothes aren’t just for the runway, they are immensely wearable even in your daily wardrobe! See below some of our favorite picks that are guaranteed to make your outfit stand out. Natural tonesEarthy tones, in contrast to vibrant neons, give off a more grounded vibe. If your style falls under the classic spectrum, then this trend is for you					PastelsA perfect choice for an OOTD, these sweet-looking hues can be paired with almost anything in your wardrobe. With flirty silhouettes and romantic textures, you can mix and match your pastels with neutrals or with other pastels. FloralsUnleash your inner girl by wearing these pretty floral dresses. This trend gives a huge shoutout to the '80s era with the bold styles, shades and silhouettes. NeonNeon clothes aren’t just for the runway, they are immensely wearable even in your daily wardrobe! See below some of our favorite picks that are guaranteed to make your outfit stand out. Natural tonesEarthy tones, in contrast to vibrant neons, give off a more grounded vibe. If your style falls under the classic spectrum, then this trend is for you																		Other than giving an outfit a flirtatious spin, sheer is loved by celebrities and fashion enthusiasts for its feminine appeal. It not only adds grace to an ensemble, but is also an extremely light and comfortable fabric. Here is a list of some Bollywood divas who have embraced the sheer trend in saris, gowns, ethnic separates, and dresses. Check them out:Sonam Kapoor AhujaPriyanka Chopra JonasShilpa Shetty KundraKriti SanonKajolKangana RanautAthiya Shetty 													Other than giving an outfit a flirtatious spin, sheer is loved by celebrities and fashion enthusiasts for its feminine appeal. It not only adds grace to an ensemble, but is also an extremely light and comfortable fabric. Here is a list of some Bollywood divas who have embraced the sheer trend in saris, gowns, ethnic separates, and dresses. Check them out:Sonam Kapoor AhujaPriyanka Chopra JonasShilpa Shetty KundraKriti SanonKajolKangana RanautAthiya Shetty 													Other than giving an outfit a flirtatious spin, sheer is loved by celebrities and fashion enthusiasts for its feminine appeal. It not only adds grace to an ensemble, but is also an extremely light and comfortable fabric. Here is a list of some Bollywood divas who have embraced the sheer trend in saris, gowns, ethnic separates, and dresses. Check them out:Sonam Kapoor AhujaPriyanka Chopra JonasShilpa Shetty KundraKriti SanonKajolKangana RanautAthiya Shetty 													Find out the hottest hair trends of 2019 that stole the show at the red carpet at the Nykaa.com Femina Beauty Awards 2019. Ponnies were a big hit, while straight tresses took the ultra-sleek route. Also, curls got a messy finish and the glossy-wet look re-entered the fashion game with a bang. The hairstyles spotted were an envious mix of elegant and flirty. So take cues and ace that perfect hairdo that’s sure to make heads turn!Deepika PadukoneSara Ali KhanTwinkle KhannaTaapsee PannuTabuRaveena TandonAdah SharmaZareen KhanDaisy ShahGayatri Bhardwaj  Anukreethy VasMrunal Thakur Lopamudra RautRadhika MadanShama SikanderAsha NegiPhotographs: Vinay Javkar																		Maangtika is a must-have that has long been a bridal essential. This statement piece has a bold semblance that takes any ethnic look several notches higher. In 2019, this traditional treasure is no more limited to bridal wear alone. The current wave of fashion is seeing the love of maangtika extend beyond lavish Indian weddings, exploring its potential to the fullest. Here is how our favourite celebs are donning this elegant piece of jewellery on every occasion. Mark of minimalism Keeping it contemporary The classic crescent Way of weddings  													Find out the hottest hair trends of 2019 that stole the show at the red carpet at the Nykaa.com Femina Beauty Awards 2019. Ponnies were a big hit, while straight tresses took the ultra-sleek route. Also, curls got a messy finish and the glossy-wet look re-entered the fashion game with a bang. The hairstyles spotted were an envious mix of elegant and flirty. So take cues and ace that perfect hairdo that’s sure to make heads turn!Deepika PadukoneSara Ali KhanTwinkle KhannaTaapsee PannuTabuRaveena TandonAdah SharmaZareen KhanDaisy ShahGayatri Bhardwaj  Anukreethy VasMrunal Thakur Lopamudra RautRadhika MadanShama SikanderAsha NegiPhotographs: Vinay Javkar																		Find out the hottest hair trends of 2019 that stole the show at the red carpet at the Nykaa.com Femina Beauty Awards 2019. Ponnies were a big hit, while straight tresses took the ultra-sleek route. Also, curls got a messy finish and the glossy-wet look re-entered the fashion game with a bang. The hairstyles spotted were an envious mix of elegant and flirty. So take cues and ace that perfect hairdo that’s sure to make heads turn!Deepika PadukoneSara Ali KhanTwinkle KhannaTaapsee PannuTabuRaveena TandonAdah SharmaZareen KhanDaisy ShahGayatri Bhardwaj  Anukreethy VasMrunal Thakur Lopamudra RautRadhika MadanShama SikanderAsha NegiPhotographs: Vinay Javkar																		Maangtika is a must-have that has long been a bridal essential. This statement piece has a bold semblance that takes any ethnic look several notches higher. In 2019, this traditional treasure is no more limited to bridal wear alone. The current wave of fashion is seeing the love of maangtika extend beyond lavish Indian weddings, exploring its potential to the fullest. Here is how our favourite celebs are donning this elegant piece of jewellery on every occasion. Mark of minimalism Keeping it contemporary The classic crescent Way of weddings  													Maangtika is a must-have that has long been a bridal essential. This statement piece has a bold semblance that takes any ethnic look several notches higher. In 2019, this traditional treasure is no more limited to bridal wear alone. The current wave of fashion is seeing the love of maangtika extend beyond lavish Indian weddings, exploring its potential to the fullest. Here is how our favourite celebs are donning this elegant piece of jewellery on every occasion. Mark of minimalism Keeping it contemporary The classic crescent Way of weddings  													If there’s one makeup essential that can instantly amp up your look, it is a powerful pop of colour for your pout. Lip colours set the tone of your appearance and make even the most basic outfits stand out. What’s more? It is the easiest and quickest way to up your style game by turning a subtle office semblance into a bright brunch look with a pink shade, or an evening look for the drinks with a red pop. This year, the trendy lip palette largely accommodates diverse shades of pink. Spanning striking colours from pastels to fuchsia, it is being sported in both matte and glossy textures. The classic red shade holds its place strong in the 2019-collection too while the quirky orange takes a backseat this season. And the nudes… Well, the subtle charm of nude shades is taking over hearts like never before, and with it comes the '90s love for browns back in the box. Here’s why: Marvellous majenta pink  Subtle soft pink  Ravishing redBlazing brown Nymphic nude 													The most treasured attire of our tradition, sensational sarees never go out of fashion. There’s something about the six-yard-wonder that blends effortlessly with both, a casual get together as well as a festive celebration. It graces budding beauties as much as it adores the charm of maturity. Precisely, a saree is eternal and extends to everyone who shares the love for ethnic.Time and again sarees have adopted contemporary ways to make every new wave of trend its own. This year the biggest fashion extravaganza—Lakmé Fashion Week—brought some ramp-fresh ideas for wearing sarees while also revisiting many classic styles. We’ve consolidated a list of these latest saree looks for you! Play with different designs or textures in your blouse and pair it with a plain saree to fabricate a subtle yet striking look. Abhishek Sharma 													Team dark-and-soft shades from the same family to flaunt a colourful palette. Latha 													The long-standing love for thick fabrics in saree is back in the game. Seems like it is time to pull out all the Banarsi and Kanjivaram sarees from the back of your cupboard. Shailesh SinghaniaShailesh Singhania 													Contrasting this classic charm is the light, sheer sarees that exude a rich yet breezy enigma. Latha 													Gold is the new black. Shailesh Singhania 													Pastel colours have been a big hit amongst western outfits lately, and saree is all set to embrace its ethnic side. Latha 													Going the bold way? Resort to prominent prints.Shailesh SinghaniaShailesh Singhania 													Elegant, full and three quarter sleeve is another eye-catching trick to make your outfit stand out. Shailesh Singhania 													If there’s one makeup essential that can instantly amp up your look, it is a powerful pop of colour for your pout. Lip colours set the tone of your appearance and make even the most basic outfits stand out. What’s more? It is the easiest and quickest way to up your style game by turning a subtle office semblance into a bright brunch look with a pink shade, or an evening look for the drinks with a red pop. This year, the trendy lip palette largely accommodates diverse shades of pink. Spanning striking colours from pastels to fuchsia, it is being sported in both matte and glossy textures. The classic red shade holds its place strong in the 2019-collection too while the quirky orange takes a backseat this season. And the nudes… Well, the subtle charm of nude shades is taking over hearts like never before, and with it comes the '90s love for browns back in the box. Here’s why: Marvellous majenta pink  Subtle soft pink  Ravishing redBlazing brown Nymphic nude 													If there’s one makeup essential that can instantly amp up your look, it is a powerful pop of colour for your pout. Lip colours set the tone of your appearance and make even the most basic outfits stand out. What’s more? It is the easiest and quickest way to up your style game by turning a subtle office semblance into a bright brunch look with a pink shade, or an evening look for the drinks with a red pop. This year, the trendy lip palette largely accommodates diverse shades of pink. Spanning striking colours from pastels to fuchsia, it is being sported in both matte and glossy textures. The classic red shade holds its place strong in the 2019-collection too while the quirky orange takes a backseat this season. And the nudes… Well, the subtle charm of nude shades is taking over hearts like never before, and with it comes the '90s love for browns back in the box. Here’s why: Marvellous majenta pink  Subtle soft pink  Ravishing redBlazing brown Nymphic nude 													The most treasured attire of our tradition, sensational sarees never go out of fashion. There’s something about the six-yard-wonder that blends effortlessly with both, a casual get together as well as a festive celebration. It graces budding beauties as much as it adores the charm of maturity. Precisely, a saree is eternal and extends to everyone who shares the love for ethnic.Time and again sarees have adopted contemporary ways to make every new wave of trend its own. This year the biggest fashion extravaganza—Lakmé Fashion Week—brought some ramp-fresh ideas for wearing sarees while also revisiting many classic styles. We’ve consolidated a list of these latest saree looks for you! Play with different designs or textures in your blouse and pair it with a plain saree to fabricate a subtle yet striking look. Abhishek Sharma 													Team dark-and-soft shades from the same family to flaunt a colourful palette. Latha 													The long-standing love for thick fabrics in saree is back in the game. Seems like it is time to pull out all the Banarsi and Kanjivaram sarees from the back of your cupboard. Shailesh SinghaniaShailesh Singhania 													Contrasting this classic charm is the light, sheer sarees that exude a rich yet breezy enigma. Latha 													Gold is the new black. Shailesh Singhania 													Pastel colours have been a big hit amongst western outfits lately, and saree is all set to embrace its ethnic side. Latha 													Going the bold way? Resort to prominent prints.Shailesh SinghaniaShailesh Singhania 													Elegant, full and three quarter sleeve is another eye-catching trick to make your outfit stand out. Shailesh Singhania 													The most treasured attire of our tradition, sensational sarees never go out of fashion. There’s something about the six-yard-wonder that blends effortlessly with both, a casual get together as well as a festive celebration. It graces budding beauties as much as it adores the charm of maturity. Precisely, a saree is eternal and extends to everyone who shares the love for ethnic.Time and again sarees have adopted contemporary ways to make every new wave of trend its own. This year the biggest fashion extravaganza—Lakmé Fashion Week—brought some ramp-fresh ideas for wearing sarees while also revisiting many classic styles. We’ve consolidated a list of these latest saree looks for you! Play with different designs or textures in your blouse and pair it with a plain saree to fabricate a subtle yet striking look. Abhishek Sharma 													Team dark-and-soft shades from the same family to flaunt a colourful palette. Latha 													The long-standing love for thick fabrics in saree is back in the game. Seems like it is time to pull out all the Banarsi and Kanjivaram sarees from the back of your cupboard. Shailesh SinghaniaShailesh Singhania 													Contrasting this classic charm is the light, sheer sarees that exude a rich yet breezy enigma. Latha 													Gold is the new black. Shailesh Singhania 													Pastel colours have been a big hit amongst western outfits lately, and saree is all set to embrace its ethnic side. Latha 													Going the bold way? Resort to prominent prints.Shailesh SinghaniaShailesh Singhania 													Elegant, full and three quarter sleeve is another eye-catching trick to make your outfit stand out. Shailesh Singhania 													Ramp looks are often assigned to ostentatious occasions only, given its glam and glitz…but not anymore. Life is too short to wear an outfit that doesn’t bring the best out of you. Experience the power that exudes when you feel your outfit, that wave of excitement which comes with the assurance of—‘You got this, girl’. Feel your fashion, and ramp your way to success. This millennial mantra comes to life with the easy-breezy, street style featured at LFW SR’19. Incorporate these looks in your daily wardrobe and give your 2019 a fashionable upgrade. Go glowLatha Lacy missy Misfit Panda Sheer dearLatha Aesthetic athleisure Reebok Sale Fury with Bodice Formally phenomenal Boat Presents Kunal Rawal Suit up in stripes Boat Presents Kunal Rawal  Power prints The Woolmark Company by Péro and Bhuttico Flowy fever Reebok Sale Fury with Bodice Keep up with the colours Misfit Panda Classy corporate Abhishek Sharma The most-awaited week in the style industry is here, Lakmé Fashion Week Summer/Resort 2019 began with quite a bang! Apart from looking forward to celebrity showstoppers, we're also dying to see what kinds of trends emerge from this season’s fashion extravaganza. So, without further ado, let’s check some of them out: Live life queen sizeExaggerated sleeves are huge this season and designers Gauri & Nainika believe in its power. Other than giving a glamourous spin to an outfit, big sleeves draw attention to your shoulders and highlight them beautifully.  Colour playThe second show #artmeetsfashion by designers Ajay Kumar, Bobo Calcutta, Helena Bajaj Larsen, and Yavi saw some vibrant designs spelling confidence and quirkiness.  Polka dotsThis raging print of 1930s is back for good. Gauri & Nainika embraced polka dots in their recent line making a stunning feminine appeal.  Modest fashionModest fashion is on rise and INIFD Launchpad left no stone unturned to bring it in the limelight with its self-effacing yet stylish line.  SuitsBreaking the shackles of old stereotypes, suits today are not confined to work wardrobes but have extended its boundaries to parties and other casual spaces. Designer Sneha Arora brings them into focus.																		Ramp looks are often assigned to ostentatious occasions only, given its glam and glitz…but not anymore. Life is too short to wear an outfit that doesn’t bring the best out of you. Experience the power that exudes when you feel your outfit, that wave of excitement which comes with the assurance of—‘You got this, girl’. Feel your fashion, and ramp your way to success. This millennial mantra comes to life with the easy-breezy, street style featured at LFW SR’19. Incorporate these looks in your daily wardrobe and give your 2019 a fashionable upgrade. Go glowLatha Lacy missy Misfit Panda Sheer dearLatha Aesthetic athleisure Reebok Sale Fury with Bodice Formally phenomenal Boat Presents Kunal Rawal Suit up in stripes Boat Presents Kunal Rawal  Power prints The Woolmark Company by Péro and Bhuttico Flowy fever Reebok Sale Fury with Bodice Keep up with the colours Misfit Panda Classy corporate Abhishek Sharma 													Ramp looks are often assigned to ostentatious occasions only, given its glam and glitz…but not anymore. Life is too short to wear an outfit that doesn’t bring the best out of you. Experience the power that exudes when you feel your outfit, that wave of excitement which comes with the assurance of—‘You got this, girl’. Feel your fashion, and ramp your way to success. This millennial mantra comes to life with the easy-breezy, street style featured at LFW SR’19. Incorporate these looks in your daily wardrobe and give your 2019 a fashionable upgrade. Go glowLatha Lacy missy Misfit Panda Sheer dearLatha Aesthetic athleisure Reebok Sale Fury with Bodice Formally phenomenal Boat Presents Kunal Rawal Suit up in stripes Boat Presents Kunal Rawal  Power prints The Woolmark Company by Péro and Bhuttico Flowy fever Reebok Sale Fury with Bodice Keep up with the colours Misfit Panda Classy corporate Abhishek Sharma The most-awaited week in the style industry is here, Lakmé Fashion Week Summer/Resort 2019 began with quite a bang! Apart from looking forward to celebrity showstoppers, we're also dying to see what kinds of trends emerge from this season’s fashion extravaganza. So, without further ado, let’s check some of them out: Live life queen sizeExaggerated sleeves are huge this season and designers Gauri & Nainika believe in its power. Other than giving a glamourous spin to an outfit, big sleeves draw attention to your shoulders and highlight them beautifully.  Colour playThe second show #artmeetsfashion by designers Ajay Kumar, Bobo Calcutta, Helena Bajaj Larsen, and Yavi saw some vibrant designs spelling confidence and quirkiness.  Polka dotsThis raging print of 1930s is back for good. Gauri & Nainika embraced polka dots in their recent line making a stunning feminine appeal.  Modest fashionModest fashion is on rise and INIFD Launchpad left no stone unturned to bring it in the limelight with its self-effacing yet stylish line.  SuitsBreaking the shackles of old stereotypes, suits today are not confined to work wardrobes but have extended its boundaries to parties and other casual spaces. Designer Sneha Arora brings them into focus.					The most-awaited week in the style industry is here, Lakmé Fashion Week Summer/Resort 2019 began with quite a bang! Apart from looking forward to celebrity showstoppers, we're also dying to see what kinds of trends emerge from this season’s fashion extravaganza. So, without further ado, let’s check some of them out: Live life queen sizeExaggerated sleeves are huge this season and designers Gauri & Nainika believe in its power. Other than giving a glamourous spin to an outfit, big sleeves draw attention to your shoulders and highlight them beautifully.  Colour playThe second show #artmeetsfashion by designers Ajay Kumar, Bobo Calcutta, Helena Bajaj Larsen, and Yavi saw some vibrant designs spelling confidence and quirkiness.  Polka dotsThis raging print of 1930s is back for good. Gauri & Nainika embraced polka dots in their recent line making a stunning feminine appeal.  Modest fashionModest fashion is on rise and INIFD Launchpad left no stone unturned to bring it in the limelight with its self-effacing yet stylish line.  SuitsBreaking the shackles of old stereotypes, suits today are not confined to work wardrobes but have extended its boundaries to parties and other casual spaces. Designer Sneha Arora brings them into focus.																		With the rise of chunky accessories and edgy silhouettes, the love for dainty, frilly ruffles could be hard to come by. But, knowing that this fashion trend would be pervading your world for the next 12 months, perhaps it's time to reconsider. To help you with the same, we have rounded up some of the celebrity looks featuring this much talked- about trend. Check them out: Deepika PadukoneIn Gauri & Nainika and shoes by Balenciaga.  Sonam Kapoor AhujaIn Rejinapyo.  Shilpa Shetty KundraIn Ridhi Mehra and choker by Amaris.  Tamannaah BhatiaIn Rose Room Couture.  Kiara AdvaniIn Arabellaa top teamed with Topshop pair of jeans and shoes by Christian Louboutin. Mouni RoyIn Kara. Anushka SharmaIn Cinq à Sept.					The first major social media trend of 2019 has entered the realm, and grandly! We have been looking up to these celebs to stay à la mode season after season, their wardrobes have evolved and so have ours with them…and here they are, taking us for a trip to nostalgia by sharing then-and-now pictures of their decade-long journey. We can’t help but cheer at how they have raised our style quotient over the years. So, here’s appreciating them for their fashion fads, their awe-inspiring demeanour, and for just being so stylishly them. Sonam Kapoor Ahuja takes the ethnic route, sharing her love for Indian attires that she has held so closely for all these years.  Dia Mirza hasn’t stopped stealing hearts with her graceful glamour.					Bipasha Basu Singh Grover made us believe that confidence is the most important accessory that one needs to complete any outfit, and she continues to live by the rule.  Same pose, same sass, and there we have our sensational Shilpa! If Shetty Kundra is to be believed (do you still doubt after this post!), ‘yoga se hi hoga’.  Maybe it’s yoga, maybe it’s in their genes. Shamita Shetty is the perfect pictorial portrayal of—chin up, princess!  Gorgeous then, gorgeous now! Kim Sharma is here to show how you can keep exploring different styles and ace all of them…with those drooping eyelids, of course.  And whoever said you can’t get your style game right the very first time, clearly didn’t stumble upon Diana Penty’s glam.  Mandira Bedi exudes strength like no one else. One rule: Stand tall.  A great smile goes a long way…yes, over a decade if you have one as warm as Ayesha Takia’s.  The fashion icon of the television world, Anita Hassanandani is proof there’s nothing sexier than a happy glow. Well, flirty florals don’t hurt either!																		With the rise of chunky accessories and edgy silhouettes, the love for dainty, frilly ruffles could be hard to come by. But, knowing that this fashion trend would be pervading your world for the next 12 months, perhaps it's time to reconsider. To help you with the same, we have rounded up some of the celebrity looks featuring this much talked- about trend. Check them out: Deepika PadukoneIn Gauri & Nainika and shoes by Balenciaga.  Sonam Kapoor AhujaIn Rejinapyo.  Shilpa Shetty KundraIn Ridhi Mehra and choker by Amaris.  Tamannaah BhatiaIn Rose Room Couture.  Kiara AdvaniIn Arabellaa top teamed with Topshop pair of jeans and shoes by Christian Louboutin. Mouni RoyIn Kara. Anushka SharmaIn Cinq à Sept.																		With the rise of chunky accessories and edgy silhouettes, the love for dainty, frilly ruffles could be hard to come by. But, knowing that this fashion trend would be pervading your world for the next 12 months, perhaps it's time to reconsider. To help you with the same, we have rounded up some of the celebrity looks featuring this much talked- about trend. Check them out: Deepika PadukoneIn Gauri & Nainika and shoes by Balenciaga.  Sonam Kapoor AhujaIn Rejinapyo.  Shilpa Shetty KundraIn Ridhi Mehra and choker by Amaris.  Tamannaah BhatiaIn Rose Room Couture.  Kiara AdvaniIn Arabellaa top teamed with Topshop pair of jeans and shoes by Christian Louboutin. Mouni RoyIn Kara. Anushka SharmaIn Cinq à Sept.					The first major social media trend of 2019 has entered the realm, and grandly! We have been looking up to these celebs to stay à la mode season after season, their wardrobes have evolved and so have ours with them…and here they are, taking us for a trip to nostalgia by sharing then-and-now pictures of their decade-long journey. We can’t help but cheer at how they have raised our style quotient over the years. So, here’s appreciating them for their fashion fads, their awe-inspiring demeanour, and for just being so stylishly them. Sonam Kapoor Ahuja takes the ethnic route, sharing her love for Indian attires that she has held so closely for all these years.  Dia Mirza hasn’t stopped stealing hearts with her graceful glamour.					Bipasha Basu Singh Grover made us believe that confidence is the most important accessory that one needs to complete any outfit, and she continues to live by the rule.  Same pose, same sass, and there we have our sensational Shilpa! If Shetty Kundra is to be believed (do you still doubt after this post!), ‘yoga se hi hoga’.  Maybe it’s yoga, maybe it’s in their genes. Shamita Shetty is the perfect pictorial portrayal of—chin up, princess!  Gorgeous then, gorgeous now! Kim Sharma is here to show how you can keep exploring different styles and ace all of them…with those drooping eyelids, of course.  And whoever said you can’t get your style game right the very first time, clearly didn’t stumble upon Diana Penty’s glam.  Mandira Bedi exudes strength like no one else. One rule: Stand tall.  A great smile goes a long way…yes, over a decade if you have one as warm as Ayesha Takia’s.  The fashion icon of the television world, Anita Hassanandani is proof there’s nothing sexier than a happy glow. Well, flirty florals don’t hurt either!					The first major social media trend of 2019 has entered the realm, and grandly! We have been looking up to these celebs to stay à la mode season after season, their wardrobes have evolved and so have ours with them…and here they are, taking us for a trip to nostalgia by sharing then-and-now pictures of their decade-long journey. We can’t help but cheer at how they have raised our style quotient over the years. So, here’s appreciating them for their fashion fads, their awe-inspiring demeanour, and for just being so stylishly them. Sonam Kapoor Ahuja takes the ethnic route, sharing her love for Indian attires that she has held so closely for all these years.  Dia Mirza hasn’t stopped stealing hearts with her graceful glamour.					Bipasha Basu Singh Grover made us believe that confidence is the most important accessory that one needs to complete any outfit, and she continues to live by the rule.  Same pose, same sass, and there we have our sensational Shilpa! If Shetty Kundra is to be believed (do you still doubt after this post!), ‘yoga se hi hoga’.  Maybe it’s yoga, maybe it’s in their genes. Shamita Shetty is the perfect pictorial portrayal of—chin up, princess!  Gorgeous then, gorgeous now! Kim Sharma is here to show how you can keep exploring different styles and ace all of them…with those drooping eyelids, of course.  And whoever said you can’t get your style game right the very first time, clearly didn’t stumble upon Diana Penty’s glam.  Mandira Bedi exudes strength like no one else. One rule: Stand tall.  A great smile goes a long way…yes, over a decade if you have one as warm as Ayesha Takia’s.  The fashion icon of the television world, Anita Hassanandani is proof there’s nothing sexier than a happy glow. Well, flirty florals don’t hurt either!																		While Bhumi Pednekar was spotted in a yellow Ekaya piece, Kiara Advani shone in a printed bustier teamed with skirt by Label: Anushree. Our other ‘IT girls’ of Bollywood are digging big time on this fun and lively colour. Check out what they wore: Bhumi PednekarIn Ekaya. Kiara AdvaniIn Label: Anushree.  Kangana RanautIn Madhurya.  Shilpa Shetty KundraIn Faabiiana.  Tamannaah BhatiaIn Sukriti & Aakriti.  Nargis FakhriIn Label: Anushree.  Rhea ChakrabortyIn Sukriti & Aakriti.																		While Bhumi Pednekar was spotted in a yellow Ekaya piece, Kiara Advani shone in a printed bustier teamed with skirt by Label: Anushree. Our other ‘IT girls’ of Bollywood are digging big time on this fun and lively colour. Check out what they wore: Bhumi PednekarIn Ekaya. Kiara AdvaniIn Label: Anushree.  Kangana RanautIn Madhurya.  Shilpa Shetty KundraIn Faabiiana.  Tamannaah BhatiaIn Sukriti & Aakriti.  Nargis FakhriIn Label: Anushree.  Rhea ChakrabortyIn Sukriti & Aakriti.																		While Bhumi Pednekar was spotted in a yellow Ekaya piece, Kiara Advani shone in a printed bustier teamed with skirt by Label: Anushree. Our other ‘IT girls’ of Bollywood are digging big time on this fun and lively colour. Check out what they wore: Bhumi PednekarIn Ekaya. Kiara AdvaniIn Label: Anushree.  Kangana RanautIn Madhurya.  Shilpa Shetty KundraIn Faabiiana.  Tamannaah BhatiaIn Sukriti & Aakriti.  Nargis FakhriIn Label: Anushree.  Rhea ChakrabortyIn Sukriti & Aakriti.																		From Minnie Mouse in 1928 to Dior’s best-selling New Look piece in 1954, polka dot print has taken everyone aback with its feminine and romantic appeal. Its fan base ranges from Hollywood actor Emma Stone to Bollywood beauties Sonam Kapoor Ahuja and Kareena Kapoor Khan. Be it on clothes or accessories, this print ups any look to its epitome. Let’s check out how our B-town divas have styled the trend: Kareena Kapoor KhanIn a Masaba sari.  Sonam Kapoor AhujaIn an Erdem velvet dress.  Sara Ali KhanIn a Pretty Little Thing dress.  Anushka SharmaIn a Sabyasachi suit.  Kangana RanautIn Good Earth India.  PatralekhaaIn House of Neeta Lulla.  Swara BhaskerIn a Mango dress.					 Winters see you bring out those old boots and show them the light of the day. Only issue: You’ve worn them a number of times last season and they just don’t feel that special anymore. How you wish your boots had some colour or a fringe or even a shiny buckle. Sigh! Fret not. With some easy fix tricks, you can upgrade your boots to the latest fashion trends of this season and always stay in style! Buckle up!What you need: Belts, scissors, hot glue.How to make: Cut your belt measured according to the roundness of your boot at the calf. Use hot glue to attach your belt onto your boot. Hold it in place and let it dry. Cut off any unwanted extra belt length and buckle it around your boot. Add extra notches if required. You can repeat the same procedure using more belts with different colours or textures and you have your very own cowgirl boots! Cool cutsWhat you need: Ruler, penknife, chalk.How to make: Draw or trace the design of your choice onto your boot using chalk. Size your grid according to your liking. Use the pen knife to cut out the parts you wish to keep hollow. Once done, wipe off the chalk marks with a damp cloth and you cut out boots are ready. This DIY is easier to work with semi-thick leather that won’t lose shape or tear after cutting. Dazzling tipsWhat you need: Paintbrush, gold/silver pearl shine paint, a thick masking tape, fixative sprayHow to make: Add masking tape a few centimetres away from the tip of the boot. Press firmly. Paint using the gold or silver paint making sure the paint doesn’t go under the tape. Paint smooth and even coats to get a smooth surface. Allow it to dry for a couple of hours and remove the tape. Wipe off any stray dried up paint. Spray on the fixative spray and let it dry for 24 hours. And voila! Lace all dayWhat you need: Lace, pins (if required) and fabric glue.How to make: Cut strips of lace that is long enough to go around your boot. Arrange your pattern and pin it so it holds your desired shape. Using tiny amounts of glue, attach it to your boot. Let it dry completely. You can even add a few beaded chains and feathers for a complete boho look. Retro kicksWhat you need: Masking tape, matte finish paint, brush, scissors.How to make: Cut pieces of the masking tape and stick them onto your boot in any desired shape. You can make a star shape or go abstract and stick the tape onto your boot in any way you like. Once this is done, paint over the design you've created using any matte finish paint of your choice. Let it dry and peel the tape off slowly to reveal your design. Continue making more designs or simply stick the tape in equidistant parallel lines to create stripes for a sporty look.Text: Yvonne Jacob 													From Minnie Mouse in 1928 to Dior’s best-selling New Look piece in 1954, polka dot print has taken everyone aback with its feminine and romantic appeal. Its fan base ranges from Hollywood actor Emma Stone to Bollywood beauties Sonam Kapoor Ahuja and Kareena Kapoor Khan. Be it on clothes or accessories, this print ups any look to its epitome. Let’s check out how our B-town divas have styled the trend: Kareena Kapoor KhanIn a Masaba sari.  Sonam Kapoor AhujaIn an Erdem velvet dress.  Sara Ali KhanIn a Pretty Little Thing dress.  Anushka SharmaIn a Sabyasachi suit.  Kangana RanautIn Good Earth India.  PatralekhaaIn House of Neeta Lulla.  Swara BhaskerIn a Mango dress.																		From Minnie Mouse in 1928 to Dior’s best-selling New Look piece in 1954, polka dot print has taken everyone aback with its feminine and romantic appeal. Its fan base ranges from Hollywood actor Emma Stone to Bollywood beauties Sonam Kapoor Ahuja and Kareena Kapoor Khan. Be it on clothes or accessories, this print ups any look to its epitome. Let’s check out how our B-town divas have styled the trend: Kareena Kapoor KhanIn a Masaba sari.  Sonam Kapoor AhujaIn an Erdem velvet dress.  Sara Ali KhanIn a Pretty Little Thing dress.  Anushka SharmaIn a Sabyasachi suit.  Kangana RanautIn Good Earth India.  PatralekhaaIn House of Neeta Lulla.  Swara BhaskerIn a Mango dress.					 Winters see you bring out those old boots and show them the light of the day. Only issue: You’ve worn them a number of times last season and they just don’t feel that special anymore. How you wish your boots had some colour or a fringe or even a shiny buckle. Sigh! Fret not. With some easy fix tricks, you can upgrade your boots to the latest fashion trends of this season and always stay in style! Buckle up!What you need: Belts, scissors, hot glue.How to make: Cut your belt measured according to the roundness of your boot at the calf. Use hot glue to attach your belt onto your boot. Hold it in place and let it dry. Cut off any unwanted extra belt length and buckle it around your boot. Add extra notches if required. You can repeat the same procedure using more belts with different colours or textures and you have your very own cowgirl boots! Cool cutsWhat you need: Ruler, penknife, chalk.How to make: Draw or trace the design of your choice onto your boot using chalk. Size your grid according to your liking. Use the pen knife to cut out the parts you wish to keep hollow. Once done, wipe off the chalk marks with a damp cloth and you cut out boots are ready. This DIY is easier to work with semi-thick leather that won’t lose shape or tear after cutting. Dazzling tipsWhat you need: Paintbrush, gold/silver pearl shine paint, a thick masking tape, fixative sprayHow to make: Add masking tape a few centimetres away from the tip of the boot. Press firmly. Paint using the gold or silver paint making sure the paint doesn’t go under the tape. Paint smooth and even coats to get a smooth surface. Allow it to dry for a couple of hours and remove the tape. Wipe off any stray dried up paint. Spray on the fixative spray and let it dry for 24 hours. And voila! Lace all dayWhat you need: Lace, pins (if required) and fabric glue.How to make: Cut strips of lace that is long enough to go around your boot. Arrange your pattern and pin it so it holds your desired shape. Using tiny amounts of glue, attach it to your boot. Let it dry completely. You can even add a few beaded chains and feathers for a complete boho look. Retro kicksWhat you need: Masking tape, matte finish paint, brush, scissors.How to make: Cut pieces of the masking tape and stick them onto your boot in any desired shape. You can make a star shape or go abstract and stick the tape onto your boot in any way you like. Once this is done, paint over the design you've created using any matte finish paint of your choice. Let it dry and peel the tape off slowly to reveal your design. Continue making more designs or simply stick the tape in equidistant parallel lines to create stripes for a sporty look.Text: Yvonne Jacob  Winters see you bring out those old boots and show them the light of the day. Only issue: You’ve worn them a number of times last season and they just don’t feel that special anymore. How you wish your boots had some colour or a fringe or even a shiny buckle. Sigh! Fret not. With some easy fix tricks, you can upgrade your boots to the latest fashion trends of this season and always stay in style! Buckle up!What you need: Belts, scissors, hot glue.How to make: Cut your belt measured according to the roundness of your boot at the calf. Use hot glue to attach your belt onto your boot. Hold it in place and let it dry. Cut off any unwanted extra belt length and buckle it around your boot. Add extra notches if required. You can repeat the same procedure using more belts with different colours or textures and you have your very own cowgirl boots! Cool cutsWhat you need: Ruler, penknife, chalk.How to make: Draw or trace the design of your choice onto your boot using chalk. Size your grid according to your liking. Use the pen knife to cut out the parts you wish to keep hollow. Once done, wipe off the chalk marks with a damp cloth and you cut out boots are ready. This DIY is easier to work with semi-thick leather that won’t lose shape or tear after cutting. Dazzling tipsWhat you need: Paintbrush, gold/silver pearl shine paint, a thick masking tape, fixative sprayHow to make: Add masking tape a few centimetres away from the tip of the boot. Press firmly. Paint using the gold or silver paint making sure the paint doesn’t go under the tape. Paint smooth and even coats to get a smooth surface. Allow it to dry for a couple of hours and remove the tape. Wipe off any stray dried up paint. Spray on the fixative spray and let it dry for 24 hours. And voila! Lace all dayWhat you need: Lace, pins (if required) and fabric glue.How to make: Cut strips of lace that is long enough to go around your boot. Arrange your pattern and pin it so it holds your desired shape. Using tiny amounts of glue, attach it to your boot. Let it dry completely. You can even add a few beaded chains and feathers for a complete boho look. Retro kicksWhat you need: Masking tape, matte finish paint, brush, scissors.How to make: Cut pieces of the masking tape and stick them onto your boot in any desired shape. You can make a star shape or go abstract and stick the tape onto your boot in any way you like. Once this is done, paint over the design you've created using any matte finish paint of your choice. Let it dry and peel the tape off slowly to reveal your design. Continue making more designs or simply stick the tape in equidistant parallel lines to create stripes for a sporty look.Text: Yvonne Jacob 													The glamour industry revolves around fashion cycles and trends that dominated once, have returned to claim their spot again. We found some unique styles at the recently concluded spring/summer fashion week that have all it takes to make it big this year. Check them out: Tight/micro pleats From Givenchy to Balmain, this style is in the good books of everyone.  Boyish shortsAfter cycling shorts making the rounds among fashion enthusiasts last year (thanks to Kim Kardashian West), we’re happy to bid it adieu and welcome these comfortable shorts into our wardrobes in 2019. Tie-dyeLike it or not, SS19 ramps were swamped with this '60s print. Apparently, designers from Prabal Gurung to Stella McCartney are its recent ‘dye’ hard fans. What about you? Fancy flatsFlats are the new heels, they say. And fashion emperors concur. Only, along with being comfortable, flats will be fancier and more detailed in 2019.  FringesFringes have been with us since time immemorial. Difference is you’ll get to see them more this year in apparel as well as accessories.  NeonThis trend has always had a love-hate relationship with us. Whatever may be the case, designers are not done with neon yet and it will be making a bright appearance everywhere this year. Exaggerated sleevesHave thin shoulders? No worries, exaggerated sleeves got you covered (literally). Image credits – Imaxtree.com																		“Don't be into trends. Don't make fashion own you, but you decide what you are, what you want to express by the way you dress and the way to live,” said fashion emperor Gianni Versace. And, we do concur with him. However, knowing what our favourite celebrities and designers indulged in 2018 will not hurt anyone, will it? Fashion this year was surprising and challenging, in India and abroad. It took us back into ‘90s with the resurgence of styles like gold hoop earrings and fanny packs. And, swamped us by its revolutionary and modern approach through sustainable and androgynous fashion. We witnessed fashion giants such as Chanel jump on the bandwagon with Stella McCartney and Vivienne Westwood to go fur-free. While many others partook in a conscious decision to opt for faux leather over real. So, without further ado, let’s check out some of the trends that made waves in 2018 and will hopefully continue to do so in the coming years: Gold hoop earringsFrom International models to global icons such as Priyanka Chopra Jonas, gold hoop earrings looped in, one and all.  BeltsBe it saris or dresses, cinched waists were accepted by everyone, including Kangana Ranaut and Karisma Kapoor.  Chunky sneakers With a liking for everything bold and beautiful, chunky sneakers made a major comeback this year and Alia Bhatt embraced it in a big way (literally!).  Sustainable fashionSustainable brands and designers like Doodlage, Pero and Bloni, to name a few, remained the talk of the year.  Gender neutral fashionAndrogynous fashion too made rounds and gained immense popularity in the midst of decriminalisation of section 377. Here, actor Prateik Babbar, along with makeup artiste and stylist Jason Arland, are walking for the label Chola at Lakmé Fashion Week (LFW) W/F ’18.  Animal printAnimal print roared among fashion enthusiasts (global icon Priyanka Chopra Jonas) and designers alike, with its incomparable appeal.  Exaggerated sleevesFrom knee-length to floor-touching sleeves, 2018 saw it all. Here, the model is walking for designer Mohammed Mazhar at LFW.  Deconstructed shirtsDeconstructed shirts and saris raged this year in all its glory. Sonam Kapoor Ahuja approves of the trend.  MetallicShimmery and sequinned pieces made a shining appearance on ramps (Amit Aggarwal at LFW) as well as at red carpets in 2018.  SuitsWomen suits spelt power and dominated wardrobes, with  Kangana Ranaut and Sonam Kapoor Ahuja giving it a big thumbs up.																		The glamour industry revolves around fashion cycles and trends that dominated once, have returned to claim their spot again. We found some unique styles at the recently concluded spring/summer fashion week that have all it takes to make it big this year. Check them out: Tight/micro pleats From Givenchy to Balmain, this style is in the good books of everyone.  Boyish shortsAfter cycling shorts making the rounds among fashion enthusiasts last year (thanks to Kim Kardashian West), we’re happy to bid it adieu and welcome these comfortable shorts into our wardrobes in 2019. Tie-dyeLike it or not, SS19 ramps were swamped with this '60s print. Apparently, designers from Prabal Gurung to Stella McCartney are its recent ‘dye’ hard fans. What about you? Fancy flatsFlats are the new heels, they say. And fashion emperors concur. Only, along with being comfortable, flats will be fancier and more detailed in 2019.  FringesFringes have been with us since time immemorial. Difference is you’ll get to see them more this year in apparel as well as accessories.  NeonThis trend has always had a love-hate relationship with us. Whatever may be the case, designers are not done with neon yet and it will be making a bright appearance everywhere this year. Exaggerated sleevesHave thin shoulders? No worries, exaggerated sleeves got you covered (literally). Image credits – Imaxtree.com																		The glamour industry revolves around fashion cycles and trends that dominated once, have returned to claim their spot again. We found some unique styles at the recently concluded spring/summer fashion week that have all it takes to make it big this year. Check them out: Tight/micro pleats From Givenchy to Balmain, this style is in the good books of everyone.  Boyish shortsAfter cycling shorts making the rounds among fashion enthusiasts last year (thanks to Kim Kardashian West), we’re happy to bid it adieu and welcome these comfortable shorts into our wardrobes in 2019. Tie-dyeLike it or not, SS19 ramps were swamped with this '60s print. Apparently, designers from Prabal Gurung to Stella McCartney are its recent ‘dye’ hard fans. What about you? Fancy flatsFlats are the new heels, they say. And fashion emperors concur. Only, along with being comfortable, flats will be fancier and more detailed in 2019.  FringesFringes have been with us since time immemorial. Difference is you’ll get to see them more this year in apparel as well as accessories.  NeonThis trend has always had a love-hate relationship with us. Whatever may be the case, designers are not done with neon yet and it will be making a bright appearance everywhere this year. Exaggerated sleevesHave thin shoulders? No worries, exaggerated sleeves got you covered (literally). Image credits – Imaxtree.com																		“Don't be into trends. Don't make fashion own you, but you decide what you are, what you want to express by the way you dress and the way to live,” said fashion emperor Gianni Versace. And, we do concur with him. However, knowing what our favourite celebrities and designers indulged in 2018 will not hurt anyone, will it? Fashion this year was surprising and challenging, in India and abroad. It took us back into ‘90s with the resurgence of styles like gold hoop earrings and fanny packs. And, swamped us by its revolutionary and modern approach through sustainable and androgynous fashion. We witnessed fashion giants such as Chanel jump on the bandwagon with Stella McCartney and Vivienne Westwood to go fur-free. While many others partook in a conscious decision to opt for faux leather over real. So, without further ado, let’s check out some of the trends that made waves in 2018 and will hopefully continue to do so in the coming years: Gold hoop earringsFrom International models to global icons such as Priyanka Chopra Jonas, gold hoop earrings looped in, one and all.  BeltsBe it saris or dresses, cinched waists were accepted by everyone, including Kangana Ranaut and Karisma Kapoor.  Chunky sneakers With a liking for everything bold and beautiful, chunky sneakers made a major comeback this year and Alia Bhatt embraced it in a big way (literally!).  Sustainable fashionSustainable brands and designers like Doodlage, Pero and Bloni, to name a few, remained the talk of the year.  Gender neutral fashionAndrogynous fashion too made rounds and gained immense popularity in the midst of decriminalisation of section 377. Here, actor Prateik Babbar, along with makeup artiste and stylist Jason Arland, are walking for the label Chola at Lakmé Fashion Week (LFW) W/F ’18.  Animal printAnimal print roared among fashion enthusiasts (global icon Priyanka Chopra Jonas) and designers alike, with its incomparable appeal.  Exaggerated sleevesFrom knee-length to floor-touching sleeves, 2018 saw it all. Here, the model is walking for designer Mohammed Mazhar at LFW.  Deconstructed shirtsDeconstructed shirts and saris raged this year in all its glory. Sonam Kapoor Ahuja approves of the trend.  MetallicShimmery and sequinned pieces made a shining appearance on ramps (Amit Aggarwal at LFW) as well as at red carpets in 2018.  SuitsWomen suits spelt power and dominated wardrobes, with  Kangana Ranaut and Sonam Kapoor Ahuja giving it a big thumbs up.																		“Don't be into trends. Don't make fashion own you, but you decide what you are, what you want to express by the way you dress and the way to live,” said fashion emperor Gianni Versace. And, we do concur with him. However, knowing what our favourite celebrities and designers indulged in 2018 will not hurt anyone, will it? Fashion this year was surprising and challenging, in India and abroad. It took us back into ‘90s with the resurgence of styles like gold hoop earrings and fanny packs. And, swamped us by its revolutionary and modern approach through sustainable and androgynous fashion. We witnessed fashion giants such as Chanel jump on the bandwagon with Stella McCartney and Vivienne Westwood to go fur-free. While many others partook in a conscious decision to opt for faux leather over real. So, without further ado, let’s check out some of the trends that made waves in 2018 and will hopefully continue to do so in the coming years: Gold hoop earringsFrom International models to global icons such as Priyanka Chopra Jonas, gold hoop earrings looped in, one and all.  BeltsBe it saris or dresses, cinched waists were accepted by everyone, including Kangana Ranaut and Karisma Kapoor.  Chunky sneakers With a liking for everything bold and beautiful, chunky sneakers made a major comeback this year and Alia Bhatt embraced it in a big way (literally!).  Sustainable fashionSustainable brands and designers like Doodlage, Pero and Bloni, to name a few, remained the talk of the year.  Gender neutral fashionAndrogynous fashion too made rounds and gained immense popularity in the midst of decriminalisation of section 377. Here, actor Prateik Babbar, along with makeup artiste and stylist Jason Arland, are walking for the label Chola at Lakmé Fashion Week (LFW) W/F ’18.  Animal printAnimal print roared among fashion enthusiasts (global icon Priyanka Chopra Jonas) and designers alike, with its incomparable appeal.  Exaggerated sleevesFrom knee-length to floor-touching sleeves, 2018 saw it all. Here, the model is walking for designer Mohammed Mazhar at LFW.  Deconstructed shirtsDeconstructed shirts and saris raged this year in all its glory. Sonam Kapoor Ahuja approves of the trend.  MetallicShimmery and sequinned pieces made a shining appearance on ramps (Amit Aggarwal at LFW) as well as at red carpets in 2018.  SuitsWomen suits spelt power and dominated wardrobes, with  Kangana Ranaut and Sonam Kapoor Ahuja giving it a big thumbs up.																		Be it winters, monsoons or summers, this global icon never fails to surprise us with her trendsetting sartorial picks. From sporting a deconstructed suit to elevating basics by teaming them right, this desi girl knows how to play well by the rules of fashion. PC is aware of the power of pairing separates right and is often seen putting this knowledge to its best use. Let’s check out some of her top street style looks that left us in wonderment: First a meeting and then a party to attend right after? Check (literally).  Contemplating what to wear on a “casual” day out with your girlfriends? Here’s your answer.  Layer right for winters, with a dash of refreshing prints.  Need Monday motivation? Dress as stylishly as PC, with a full cup of coffee.  Who said parties aren’t fun on chilly nights? Hop on in one of these pearl-studded sweaters paired with knee-length leather skirt and thigh-high boots. Don’t forget to give a funky personality to your outfit with a cool bright coloured handbag. In case you prefer options, and are a big fan of Kurt Cobain.  Simplicity is the key, they said. Another Monday motivation look? Try to hangout more with trench or eco fur coats in the monsoons to appear super cool.  Going on a hot date? Wear red. Going out with friends? Wear red. Going with family? Wear red (Okay, we made up the last one). Tone down on colours on that summery afternoon.  Or don’t!  Team a bright top with light trousers or pants for a subtle fashion statement.  The next time you plan to go out for brunch, wear a comfortable pencil dress with pointed heels, a modish handbag and glares with a dog for your protection ;)  Wear culottes to give a trendy spin to a basic top.																		Be it winters, monsoons or summers, this global icon never fails to surprise us with her trendsetting sartorial picks. From sporting a deconstructed suit to elevating basics by teaming them right, this desi girl knows how to play well by the rules of fashion. PC is aware of the power of pairing separates right and is often seen putting this knowledge to its best use. Let’s check out some of her top street style looks that left us in wonderment: First a meeting and then a party to attend right after? Check (literally).  Contemplating what to wear on a “casual” day out with your girlfriends? Here’s your answer.  Layer right for winters, with a dash of refreshing prints.  Need Monday motivation? Dress as stylishly as PC, with a full cup of coffee.  Who said parties aren’t fun on chilly nights? Hop on in one of these pearl-studded sweaters paired with knee-length leather skirt and thigh-high boots. Don’t forget to give a funky personality to your outfit with a cool bright coloured handbag. In case you prefer options, and are a big fan of Kurt Cobain.  Simplicity is the key, they said. Another Monday motivation look? Try to hangout more with trench or eco fur coats in the monsoons to appear super cool.  Going on a hot date? Wear red. Going out with friends? Wear red. Going with family? Wear red (Okay, we made up the last one). Tone down on colours on that summery afternoon.  Or don’t!  Team a bright top with light trousers or pants for a subtle fashion statement.  The next time you plan to go out for brunch, wear a comfortable pencil dress with pointed heels, a modish handbag and glares with a dog for your protection ;)  Wear culottes to give a trendy spin to a basic top.																		Be it winters, monsoons or summers, this global icon never fails to surprise us with her trendsetting sartorial picks. From sporting a deconstructed suit to elevating basics by teaming them right, this desi girl knows how to play well by the rules of fashion. PC is aware of the power of pairing separates right and is often seen putting this knowledge to its best use. Let’s check out some of her top street style looks that left us in wonderment: First a meeting and then a party to attend right after? Check (literally).  Contemplating what to wear on a “casual” day out with your girlfriends? Here’s your answer.  Layer right for winters, with a dash of refreshing prints.  Need Monday motivation? Dress as stylishly as PC, with a full cup of coffee.  Who said parties aren’t fun on chilly nights? Hop on in one of these pearl-studded sweaters paired with knee-length leather skirt and thigh-high boots. Don’t forget to give a funky personality to your outfit with a cool bright coloured handbag. In case you prefer options, and are a big fan of Kurt Cobain.  Simplicity is the key, they said. Another Monday motivation look? Try to hangout more with trench or eco fur coats in the monsoons to appear super cool.  Going on a hot date? Wear red. Going out with friends? Wear red. Going with family? Wear red (Okay, we made up the last one). Tone down on colours on that summery afternoon.  Or don’t!  Team a bright top with light trousers or pants for a subtle fashion statement.  The next time you plan to go out for brunch, wear a comfortable pencil dress with pointed heels, a modish handbag and glares with a dog for your protection ;)  Wear culottes to give a trendy spin to a basic top.					After changing three flights and taking a three-hour bus ride, we landed in Montepuez—the second largest city in the province of Cabo Delgado in Mozambique. The day had been a whirlwind, as we hopped on and off different vehicles. The moment we landed in Mozambique, however, a burst of fresh, clean air welcomed us. The quaint city is home to Montepuez Ruby Mining (MRM), which is a Mozambican company developing operations at the ruby deposits in the city, and covers approximately 33,600 hectares. A leading supplier of responsibly-sourced coloured gemstones across the globe, MRM is owned by UK-based natural resource company Gemfields (75 per cent), and Mozambican company Mwiriti (25 per cent). We spent two days in the heart of the most recently discovered ruby deposit in the world, and unearthed more than just these precious crimson stones. 													The journey beginsOver 500 million years in the making, ruby, or ratnaraj (meaning king of the gemstones in ancient Sanskrit), is an extremely rare stone, cherished by royalty, social A-listers, and collectors alike. We went to see one of the mine pits on the first day, where rubies are deposited as alluvial or colluvial material over a weathered bedrock.Rubies were first discovered in Montepuez in 2009, following which, Gemfields and Mwiriti signed an agreement in 2011 to officiate the mining process. MRM uses a multidisciplinary approach for mining—geological (rubies that are typically associated with certain rocks or minerals), geophysical (airborne survey—magnetic and radiometric), and geochemical (determining chemical signatures of hidden mineral deposits). The sheer size of the mine pit was staggering, and it brought forth the concern of what happens to it once it has been exhausted.Mining with a conscienceMRM is committed to mining in a way that has the least environmental impact. Jack Cunningham, Sustainability, Policy and Risk Director at Gemfields, explains, “Before we mine an area, we collect seeds of the indigenous plants and trees from the top soil and create a seed bank. We then grow the seeds in a nursery for replanting as we complete mining.” Along with encouraging biodiversity, old pits are back-filled and rehabilitated, and no harmful chemicals are used during the mining process. “Machine oil is carefully managed and stored, machines and vehicles are maintained by our in-house teams, and all spills are cleaned up and the contaminated soil is bioremediated,” says Cunningham.The road to development was not an easy one, and initially, the company faced resistance from the inhabitants. Cunningham recalls, “There was uncertainty from the local community about what the benefits would be and how quickly they would receive those. An influx of thousands of illegal miners also caused social problems at a time when we weren’t yet in a position to help the community. Since 2014, however, we have had a dedicated team on the ground that carries out community engagement, and addresses their needs and grievances, and the relationship with them has vastly improved.” MRM has provided employment to 1,110 people, both directly and via contractors, 95 per cent of whom are Mozambican nationals. The mining company has also helped nine farming associations (two of which are dedicated to empowering women and in total represent 290 partner farmers), and taught them new techniques that have increased yields. Looking at the community as a whole, the company has invested in infrastructure for four primary schools (three of which are new), providing education to 1,000 primary school-aged children. “Schooling is the responsibility of the state, however our infrastructure atleast helps the government with a costly aspect of public education. Once established, we hand over the schools to the government for their onward management as a national asset,” elucidates Cunningham. The establishment of two mobile health clinics serves thousands of people across six villages. Isac Rafael, Director of the Namanhumbir Health Center, Mozambique, stated, “With these mobile clinics, it’s possible to care for patients in the most remote areas without sanitary units. This also gives easy access to pregnant women, children, and the elderly, who don’t have to travel long distances.”The final stepWe spent the last leg of our journey in the wash plant and sorting house, where the raw stones are processed and graded according to their colour, size, and clarity. We witnessed how a team of highly skilled sorters picked rubies from the rubble, in a secure environment. Their hands worked like machines as they separated the precious stones in silent harmony. The final pieces are then auctioned off by Gemfields and till June 2017, a total of eight ruby auctions have generated a revenue of US$280 million.We entered the city with a bunch of preconceived notions, and after spending two days in the shoes of a miner, left with hope for the Montepuez community. That’s what you get in this city of Mozambique, along with beautiful never-ending blue skies, and a warm community that believes in co-existence.					After changing three flights and taking a three-hour bus ride, we landed in Montepuez—the second largest city in the province of Cabo Delgado in Mozambique. The day had been a whirlwind, as we hopped on and off different vehicles. The moment we landed in Mozambique, however, a burst of fresh, clean air welcomed us. The quaint city is home to Montepuez Ruby Mining (MRM), which is a Mozambican company developing operations at the ruby deposits in the city, and covers approximately 33,600 hectares. A leading supplier of responsibly-sourced coloured gemstones across the globe, MRM is owned by UK-based natural resource company Gemfields (75 per cent), and Mozambican company Mwiriti (25 per cent). We spent two days in the heart of the most recently discovered ruby deposit in the world, and unearthed more than just these precious crimson stones. 													The journey beginsOver 500 million years in the making, ruby, or ratnaraj (meaning king of the gemstones in ancient Sanskrit), is an extremely rare stone, cherished by royalty, social A-listers, and collectors alike. We went to see one of the mine pits on the first day, where rubies are deposited as alluvial or colluvial material over a weathered bedrock.Rubies were first discovered in Montepuez in 2009, following which, Gemfields and Mwiriti signed an agreement in 2011 to officiate the mining process. MRM uses a multidisciplinary approach for mining—geological (rubies that are typically associated with certain rocks or minerals), geophysical (airborne survey—magnetic and radiometric), and geochemical (determining chemical signatures of hidden mineral deposits). The sheer size of the mine pit was staggering, and it brought forth the concern of what happens to it once it has been exhausted.Mining with a conscienceMRM is committed to mining in a way that has the least environmental impact. Jack Cunningham, Sustainability, Policy and Risk Director at Gemfields, explains, “Before we mine an area, we collect seeds of the indigenous plants and trees from the top soil and create a seed bank. We then grow the seeds in a nursery for replanting as we complete mining.” Along with encouraging biodiversity, old pits are back-filled and rehabilitated, and no harmful chemicals are used during the mining process. “Machine oil is carefully managed and stored, machines and vehicles are maintained by our in-house teams, and all spills are cleaned up and the contaminated soil is bioremediated,” says Cunningham.The road to development was not an easy one, and initially, the company faced resistance from the inhabitants. Cunningham recalls, “There was uncertainty from the local community about what the benefits would be and how quickly they would receive those. An influx of thousands of illegal miners also caused social problems at a time when we weren’t yet in a position to help the community. Since 2014, however, we have had a dedicated team on the ground that carries out community engagement, and addresses their needs and grievances, and the relationship with them has vastly improved.” MRM has provided employment to 1,110 people, both directly and via contractors, 95 per cent of whom are Mozambican nationals. The mining company has also helped nine farming associations (two of which are dedicated to empowering women and in total represent 290 partner farmers), and taught them new techniques that have increased yields. Looking at the community as a whole, the company has invested in infrastructure for four primary schools (three of which are new), providing education to 1,000 primary school-aged children. “Schooling is the responsibility of the state, however our infrastructure atleast helps the government with a costly aspect of public education. Once established, we hand over the schools to the government for their onward management as a national asset,” elucidates Cunningham. The establishment of two mobile health clinics serves thousands of people across six villages. Isac Rafael, Director of the Namanhumbir Health Center, Mozambique, stated, “With these mobile clinics, it’s possible to care for patients in the most remote areas without sanitary units. This also gives easy access to pregnant women, children, and the elderly, who don’t have to travel long distances.”The final stepWe spent the last leg of our journey in the wash plant and sorting house, where the raw stones are processed and graded according to their colour, size, and clarity. We witnessed how a team of highly skilled sorters picked rubies from the rubble, in a secure environment. Their hands worked like machines as they separated the precious stones in silent harmony. The final pieces are then auctioned off by Gemfields and till June 2017, a total of eight ruby auctions have generated a revenue of US$280 million.We entered the city with a bunch of preconceived notions, and after spending two days in the shoes of a miner, left with hope for the Montepuez community. That’s what you get in this city of Mozambique, along with beautiful never-ending blue skies, and a warm community that believes in co-existence.					After changing three flights and taking a three-hour bus ride, we landed in Montepuez—the second largest city in the province of Cabo Delgado in Mozambique. The day had been a whirlwind, as we hopped on and off different vehicles. The moment we landed in Mozambique, however, a burst of fresh, clean air welcomed us. The quaint city is home to Montepuez Ruby Mining (MRM), which is a Mozambican company developing operations at the ruby deposits in the city, and covers approximately 33,600 hectares. A leading supplier of responsibly-sourced coloured gemstones across the globe, MRM is owned by UK-based natural resource company Gemfields (75 per cent), and Mozambican company Mwiriti (25 per cent). We spent two days in the heart of the most recently discovered ruby deposit in the world, and unearthed more than just these precious crimson stones. 													The journey beginsOver 500 million years in the making, ruby, or ratnaraj (meaning king of the gemstones in ancient Sanskrit), is an extremely rare stone, cherished by royalty, social A-listers, and collectors alike. We went to see one of the mine pits on the first day, where rubies are deposited as alluvial or colluvial material over a weathered bedrock.Rubies were first discovered in Montepuez in 2009, following which, Gemfields and Mwiriti signed an agreement in 2011 to officiate the mining process. MRM uses a multidisciplinary approach for mining—geological (rubies that are typically associated with certain rocks or minerals), geophysical (airborne survey—magnetic and radiometric), and geochemical (determining chemical signatures of hidden mineral deposits). The sheer size of the mine pit was staggering, and it brought forth the concern of what happens to it once it has been exhausted.Mining with a conscienceMRM is committed to mining in a way that has the least environmental impact. Jack Cunningham, Sustainability, Policy and Risk Director at Gemfields, explains, “Before we mine an area, we collect seeds of the indigenous plants and trees from the top soil and create a seed bank. We then grow the seeds in a nursery for replanting as we complete mining.” Along with encouraging biodiversity, old pits are back-filled and rehabilitated, and no harmful chemicals are used during the mining process. “Machine oil is carefully managed and stored, machines and vehicles are maintained by our in-house teams, and all spills are cleaned up and the contaminated soil is bioremediated,” says Cunningham.The road to development was not an easy one, and initially, the company faced resistance from the inhabitants. Cunningham recalls, “There was uncertainty from the local community about what the benefits would be and how quickly they would receive those. An influx of thousands of illegal miners also caused social problems at a time when we weren’t yet in a position to help the community. Since 2014, however, we have had a dedicated team on the ground that carries out community engagement, and addresses their needs and grievances, and the relationship with them has vastly improved.” MRM has provided employment to 1,110 people, both directly and via contractors, 95 per cent of whom are Mozambican nationals. The mining company has also helped nine farming associations (two of which are dedicated to empowering women and in total represent 290 partner farmers), and taught them new techniques that have increased yields. Looking at the community as a whole, the company has invested in infrastructure for four primary schools (three of which are new), providing education to 1,000 primary school-aged children. “Schooling is the responsibility of the state, however our infrastructure atleast helps the government with a costly aspect of public education. Once established, we hand over the schools to the government for their onward management as a national asset,” elucidates Cunningham. The establishment of two mobile health clinics serves thousands of people across six villages. Isac Rafael, Director of the Namanhumbir Health Center, Mozambique, stated, “With these mobile clinics, it’s possible to care for patients in the most remote areas without sanitary units. This also gives easy access to pregnant women, children, and the elderly, who don’t have to travel long distances.”The final stepWe spent the last leg of our journey in the wash plant and sorting house, where the raw stones are processed and graded according to their colour, size, and clarity. We witnessed how a team of highly skilled sorters picked rubies from the rubble, in a secure environment. Their hands worked like machines as they separated the precious stones in silent harmony. The final pieces are then auctioned off by Gemfields and till June 2017, a total of eight ruby auctions have generated a revenue of US$280 million.We entered the city with a bunch of preconceived notions, and after spending two days in the shoes of a miner, left with hope for the Montepuez community. That’s what you get in this city of Mozambique, along with beautiful never-ending blue skies, and a warm community that believes in co-existence.					Diwali is a time for gifting - and buying something for ourself and our home. What to buy? Femina puts together its favourite picks in fashion, beauty, accessories, décor and more.					FASHIONHigh glossNothing screams power more than high shine fabrics worn appropriately. While last season was all about plastics in apparel, this season is all about high gloss on any and every fabric texture such as leather, satin etc. Right from long wrap-around coats to pants to even see-through dresses, high shine is marking its territory everywhere. But beware if worn out of proportion or styled incorrectly, the trend sure can fall back easily. The best way to start would be with a high shine statement belt on a solid outfit and move upwards to high gloss trimmings on outfits and then take the plunge! “I feel high gloss fabrics can somehow add sheer sexiness to the look. I personally love wearing statement gloss t-shirt dresses and black or nude shoes,” says lifestyle blogger Naina Ahluwalia. Plaid and simpleThe key to play with plaid is to not go overboard with it and style it with colourful bright accessories to brighten up the look. “If you ask me about plaid, I can only and only think of the term classic yet trendy. Plaid can be played around with prints and colours but it's not a trend, I would call it an evergreen print that everyone needs to have in their closet. Of course, every year something or the other trendy using plaid comes up and those make good additions to the closet,” shares lifestyle blogger Aleena Macker. You can try your hand at plaid button-down skirts or bright plaid co-ordinates or even plaid mules, there’s no stopping this season. Add a dollop of feminine to plaid through glam jewellery, bold lips or bling bags and watch your style quotient go through the roof!Fringe benefits The best part about the fringe trend is its versatility. Not only can you incorporate these sassy strings into your wardrobe but you can also sport it through any medium i.e. through an accessory or clothing piece or even footwear. “You have a variety of different options when it comes to fringes. You can play around with beads or metallic ropes or even denim, the list just goes on and on,” says fashion blogger Puja Wani, “A well-fitted tee with fringes on denim looks really chic for the day and pair a contemporary sari with a fringed noodle strap crop makes heads turn at a social soirée!” ACCESSORIESSkinny sunglassesWe are totally crushing big time on skinny sunglasses to go along with our skinny tall soy lattes. Trust us when we say that a pair of these can totally escalate your look within seconds. What started with a few sightings on Instagram influencers has only gone up on the fashion ladder with everybody adapting to the style. One thing is for sure, the 90’s skinny game is here to stay for a while and you could try experimenting with the same. While the black skinnies sure do seem like a classic, there are a lot of varieties to choose from. You could go crazy and pick a pair of colour tinted glasses to go with super ripped black denim and a black crop or could try white rimmed statement sunglasses over an all-white outfit for the local Sunday brunch!Bag that styleThe trend started with designer labels such as Gucci and Prada displaying embellished bags on runways and it has only been widely appreciated and accepted by the masses. Imagine bags with tiny fur trims and pearls and fabric patches with logos or numbers. The size of these goodies ranges from tiny shoulder bags to handbags to even totes! A great bag can make or break the look and these embellished bags undeniably enliven the look in a jiffy. Macker says, “For bags or any kind of accessories including shoes, I absolutely love embellishments. It gives so much more character to pieces and if you can customize the embellishments there is just nothing like having your own unique piece. I have to say the Gucci has set the bar high with their embellished bags.” Try carrying a denim shoulder bag with faux pearls and diamonds on a classic white blouse and blue denim to the lazy Saturday lunch with the girls or a box bag with adornments for the cocktail soiree the week after and be indebted to us forever!Dance in trans(parent)!While we were throwing our everyday essentials in a plastic see-through bags last season, this season is all about transparent footwear (now we can openly flaunt our pedicures!). Clear PVC sandals are selling like hot cakes and by the looks of it, this trend is definitely here to stay. With Chanel kicking off the trend early this year and going crazy with plastic covered everything, most designers followed suit. If you think wearing see-through shoes is bizarre, you could participate by wearing a combination of plastic, leather peep toes or sandals with plastic straps, or footwear with plastic heels. You could most certainly wear PVC boots on a bodycon lacy dress if you’re ready to bear it all! Fashion blogger Madhavi Dey says, “PVC shoes are a major life saver. I love wearing these statement pieces see through ankle boots on an all-black ensemble as it just adds the right touch of edge to the outfit.” BEAUTYGive a clean(se) chitWe have finally come to the realization that cleansing oils aren’t the bad heroes we made them out to be. In fact, they are seen to be the most liked product currently. Cleansing is the most effective way of getting dirt free, crystal clear and soft skin in a jiffy and cleansing oils seem to deliver all that and much more efficiently. Experts confirm that while cleansers do strip your skin of natural oils, cleansing oil does not clog your pore. Beauty blogger Stacey Castenha says, “I’ve started using a cleansing oil and it only does wonders to my skin. Not only does it cleans my face really nice but also leaves it glowing and super soft. This is one product that is never exiting my vanity.” Looks like it’s time to put this oil down on the list of things to buy this season!Enhancing beautyThe trend that started sometime early this year has only grown. Face serums are a game changer and people are only starting to realize. Whether your skin is acne-prone or dehydrated or dull, there is a magic potion available for every skin type and for every skin related problem. Majority of us Indian women suffer from dehydrated skin and the answer to that is moisture-based hydration face serum. “People always thought that face serums are a strict no as they make the skin too oily or clog the pores but 2018 has been a game changer. People are understanding their skin like never before and adding these serums to their daily beauty regime,” informs Catenha. Time for a much-needed skincare shopping run! Inclusive beautyA little while back, Rihanna upped her game big time after releasing her foundation line with FENTY Beauty. The foundation that came in a variety of 40 different shades (yes, 40 different shades and we aren’t even joking about it!) made our lives so much simpler. People all over the world went crazy as they no longer had to mix a few different shades in order to create the one suitable for their skin. This started a movement that every skin tone is unique and deserves to be celebrated. It was only logical that soon other beauty brands followed suit and started going beyond the customary 10-15 shade range. “Today, it’s all about customization. Right from outfit to beauty to even food, everybody wants something exclusive designed just for them. The inclusive beauty trend is definitely here to stay and is only going to get bigger and bigger with each season,” says Wani. DÉCORGeometric accentsAs Pantone predicted geometric accents have certainly proved to be the hottest trend of the year in decor. What started as modest triangles and circles on tiny vases and tableware here and there has only blown up and manifested itself on objects everywhere. The octagons and hexagons are repeatedly making bold appearances on items such as home furnishing, tiles, wallpapers, fabrics, etc. among others. Interior decorator Heena Sabhnani shares, “A lot of my clients have been taken aback with what the change they saw in their home by incorporating geometric patterns. It instantly brightens up a dull and boring home and adds just the right touch of modern.” Geometric prints are an easy way to up your décor game and give your home the much needed modern touch that it so needed. You too can join on the bandwagon by getting a bright and colourful wallpaper on the bar wall or you can start by dipping one toe at a time and get geometric wall hangings by the dinning or a subtle rug to start with. Frills and trimsWe are as surprised as you are; as for most of us, fringe belongs in the closet. Well, clearly not anymore as the trend has gotten a major upgrade. This season, the style is moving out of our wardrobes and on our décor and we aren’t complaining one bit. Fringe doesn’t necessarily have to mean overdressed. Lightly fringed hems on lamps or a statement fringe trimmed chandelier add the right touch of flirty modern chic. Everything boring is fun again! Fringes are seen making indiscreet roaring appearances on sofa chairs, statement mirrors wall hangings and other zillion things. Again, you could opt for a fringed sofa set for a modern Gatsby look or start with a tiny fringe trim lamp on the nightstand and thank us later!Lush livingVelvet for the longest time has been synonymous to luxury and opulence and the quickest and easiest way to transform your house and give it a luxurious touch is by upgrading your plain Jane furniture with plush velvet pieces. Earlier, velvet was a fabric that was easy to stain, required a lot of looking after, was really difficult to maintain and was available in limited colours. However, all that has changed and today you can get a variety of different shades and options and you’d be surprised at how low maintenance the fabric is and it really doesn’t require much looking after it. You could start experimenting by getting a plush turquoise throw on or cushions and notice the change or go all out and invest in larger pieces like a purple velvet statement couch with chairs and let it rule your space. Velvet just instantly jazzes up the place like nothing else and adds in a generous dollop of chic royalty. Velvet curtains and upholstery too have entered the market and are slowly crawling into our homes. You could begin with black or dark mauve velvet drapes and move to loud bright hues. The key point to remember is not go overboard as velvet on its own self is a statement fabric so minimalism is the keyword to keep in mind while engaging with velvet. Well, it’s time to go ahead and get your velvet on.Text: Ravina Sachdev					Diwali is a time for gifting - and buying something for ourself and our home. What to buy? Femina puts together its favourite picks in fashion, beauty, accessories, décor and more.					FASHIONHigh glossNothing screams power more than high shine fabrics worn appropriately. While last season was all about plastics in apparel, this season is all about high gloss on any and every fabric texture such as leather, satin etc. Right from long wrap-around coats to pants to even see-through dresses, high shine is marking its territory everywhere. But beware if worn out of proportion or styled incorrectly, the trend sure can fall back easily. The best way to start would be with a high shine statement belt on a solid outfit and move upwards to high gloss trimmings on outfits and then take the plunge! “I feel high gloss fabrics can somehow add sheer sexiness to the look. I personally love wearing statement gloss t-shirt dresses and black or nude shoes,” says lifestyle blogger Naina Ahluwalia. Plaid and simpleThe key to play with plaid is to not go overboard with it and style it with colourful bright accessories to brighten up the look. “If you ask me about plaid, I can only and only think of the term classic yet trendy. Plaid can be played around with prints and colours but it's not a trend, I would call it an evergreen print that everyone needs to have in their closet. Of course, every year something or the other trendy using plaid comes up and those make good additions to the closet,” shares lifestyle blogger Aleena Macker. You can try your hand at plaid button-down skirts or bright plaid co-ordinates or even plaid mules, there’s no stopping this season. Add a dollop of feminine to plaid through glam jewellery, bold lips or bling bags and watch your style quotient go through the roof!Fringe benefits The best part about the fringe trend is its versatility. Not only can you incorporate these sassy strings into your wardrobe but you can also sport it through any medium i.e. through an accessory or clothing piece or even footwear. “You have a variety of different options when it comes to fringes. You can play around with beads or metallic ropes or even denim, the list just goes on and on,” says fashion blogger Puja Wani, “A well-fitted tee with fringes on denim looks really chic for the day and pair a contemporary sari with a fringed noodle strap crop makes heads turn at a social soirée!” ACCESSORIESSkinny sunglassesWe are totally crushing big time on skinny sunglasses to go along with our skinny tall soy lattes. Trust us when we say that a pair of these can totally escalate your look within seconds. What started with a few sightings on Instagram influencers has only gone up on the fashion ladder with everybody adapting to the style. One thing is for sure, the 90’s skinny game is here to stay for a while and you could try experimenting with the same. While the black skinnies sure do seem like a classic, there are a lot of varieties to choose from. You could go crazy and pick a pair of colour tinted glasses to go with super ripped black denim and a black crop or could try white rimmed statement sunglasses over an all-white outfit for the local Sunday brunch!Bag that styleThe trend started with designer labels such as Gucci and Prada displaying embellished bags on runways and it has only been widely appreciated and accepted by the masses. Imagine bags with tiny fur trims and pearls and fabric patches with logos or numbers. The size of these goodies ranges from tiny shoulder bags to handbags to even totes! A great bag can make or break the look and these embellished bags undeniably enliven the look in a jiffy. Macker says, “For bags or any kind of accessories including shoes, I absolutely love embellishments. It gives so much more character to pieces and if you can customize the embellishments there is just nothing like having your own unique piece. I have to say the Gucci has set the bar high with their embellished bags.” Try carrying a denim shoulder bag with faux pearls and diamonds on a classic white blouse and blue denim to the lazy Saturday lunch with the girls or a box bag with adornments for the cocktail soiree the week after and be indebted to us forever!Dance in trans(parent)!While we were throwing our everyday essentials in a plastic see-through bags last season, this season is all about transparent footwear (now we can openly flaunt our pedicures!). Clear PVC sandals are selling like hot cakes and by the looks of it, this trend is definitely here to stay. With Chanel kicking off the trend early this year and going crazy with plastic covered everything, most designers followed suit. If you think wearing see-through shoes is bizarre, you could participate by wearing a combination of plastic, leather peep toes or sandals with plastic straps, or footwear with plastic heels. You could most certainly wear PVC boots on a bodycon lacy dress if you’re ready to bear it all! Fashion blogger Madhavi Dey says, “PVC shoes are a major life saver. I love wearing these statement pieces see through ankle boots on an all-black ensemble as it just adds the right touch of edge to the outfit.” BEAUTYGive a clean(se) chitWe have finally come to the realization that cleansing oils aren’t the bad heroes we made them out to be. In fact, they are seen to be the most liked product currently. Cleansing is the most effective way of getting dirt free, crystal clear and soft skin in a jiffy and cleansing oils seem to deliver all that and much more efficiently. Experts confirm that while cleansers do strip your skin of natural oils, cleansing oil does not clog your pore. Beauty blogger Stacey Castenha says, “I’ve started using a cleansing oil and it only does wonders to my skin. Not only does it cleans my face really nice but also leaves it glowing and super soft. This is one product that is never exiting my vanity.” Looks like it’s time to put this oil down on the list of things to buy this season!Enhancing beautyThe trend that started sometime early this year has only grown. Face serums are a game changer and people are only starting to realize. Whether your skin is acne-prone or dehydrated or dull, there is a magic potion available for every skin type and for every skin related problem. Majority of us Indian women suffer from dehydrated skin and the answer to that is moisture-based hydration face serum. “People always thought that face serums are a strict no as they make the skin too oily or clog the pores but 2018 has been a game changer. People are understanding their skin like never before and adding these serums to their daily beauty regime,” informs Catenha. Time for a much-needed skincare shopping run! Inclusive beautyA little while back, Rihanna upped her game big time after releasing her foundation line with FENTY Beauty. The foundation that came in a variety of 40 different shades (yes, 40 different shades and we aren’t even joking about it!) made our lives so much simpler. People all over the world went crazy as they no longer had to mix a few different shades in order to create the one suitable for their skin. This started a movement that every skin tone is unique and deserves to be celebrated. It was only logical that soon other beauty brands followed suit and started going beyond the customary 10-15 shade range. “Today, it’s all about customization. Right from outfit to beauty to even food, everybody wants something exclusive designed just for them. The inclusive beauty trend is definitely here to stay and is only going to get bigger and bigger with each season,” says Wani. DÉCORGeometric accentsAs Pantone predicted geometric accents have certainly proved to be the hottest trend of the year in decor. What started as modest triangles and circles on tiny vases and tableware here and there has only blown up and manifested itself on objects everywhere. The octagons and hexagons are repeatedly making bold appearances on items such as home furnishing, tiles, wallpapers, fabrics, etc. among others. Interior decorator Heena Sabhnani shares, “A lot of my clients have been taken aback with what the change they saw in their home by incorporating geometric patterns. It instantly brightens up a dull and boring home and adds just the right touch of modern.” Geometric prints are an easy way to up your décor game and give your home the much needed modern touch that it so needed. You too can join on the bandwagon by getting a bright and colourful wallpaper on the bar wall or you can start by dipping one toe at a time and get geometric wall hangings by the dinning or a subtle rug to start with. Frills and trimsWe are as surprised as you are; as for most of us, fringe belongs in the closet. Well, clearly not anymore as the trend has gotten a major upgrade. This season, the style is moving out of our wardrobes and on our décor and we aren’t complaining one bit. Fringe doesn’t necessarily have to mean overdressed. Lightly fringed hems on lamps or a statement fringe trimmed chandelier add the right touch of flirty modern chic. Everything boring is fun again! Fringes are seen making indiscreet roaring appearances on sofa chairs, statement mirrors wall hangings and other zillion things. Again, you could opt for a fringed sofa set for a modern Gatsby look or start with a tiny fringe trim lamp on the nightstand and thank us later!Lush livingVelvet for the longest time has been synonymous to luxury and opulence and the quickest and easiest way to transform your house and give it a luxurious touch is by upgrading your plain Jane furniture with plush velvet pieces. Earlier, velvet was a fabric that was easy to stain, required a lot of looking after, was really difficult to maintain and was available in limited colours. However, all that has changed and today you can get a variety of different shades and options and you’d be surprised at how low maintenance the fabric is and it really doesn’t require much looking after it. You could start experimenting by getting a plush turquoise throw on or cushions and notice the change or go all out and invest in larger pieces like a purple velvet statement couch with chairs and let it rule your space. Velvet just instantly jazzes up the place like nothing else and adds in a generous dollop of chic royalty. Velvet curtains and upholstery too have entered the market and are slowly crawling into our homes. You could begin with black or dark mauve velvet drapes and move to loud bright hues. The key point to remember is not go overboard as velvet on its own self is a statement fabric so minimalism is the keyword to keep in mind while engaging with velvet. Well, it’s time to go ahead and get your velvet on.Text: Ravina Sachdev					Diwali is a time for gifting - and buying something for ourself and our home. What to buy? Femina puts together its favourite picks in fashion, beauty, accessories, décor and more.					FASHIONHigh glossNothing screams power more than high shine fabrics worn appropriately. While last season was all about plastics in apparel, this season is all about high gloss on any and every fabric texture such as leather, satin etc. Right from long wrap-around coats to pants to even see-through dresses, high shine is marking its territory everywhere. But beware if worn out of proportion or styled incorrectly, the trend sure can fall back easily. The best way to start would be with a high shine statement belt on a solid outfit and move upwards to high gloss trimmings on outfits and then take the plunge! “I feel high gloss fabrics can somehow add sheer sexiness to the look. I personally love wearing statement gloss t-shirt dresses and black or nude shoes,” says lifestyle blogger Naina Ahluwalia. Plaid and simpleThe key to play with plaid is to not go overboard with it and style it with colourful bright accessories to brighten up the look. “If you ask me about plaid, I can only and only think of the term classic yet trendy. Plaid can be played around with prints and colours but it's not a trend, I would call it an evergreen print that everyone needs to have in their closet. Of course, every year something or the other trendy using plaid comes up and those make good additions to the closet,” shares lifestyle blogger Aleena Macker. You can try your hand at plaid button-down skirts or bright plaid co-ordinates or even plaid mules, there’s no stopping this season. Add a dollop of feminine to plaid through glam jewellery, bold lips or bling bags and watch your style quotient go through the roof!Fringe benefits The best part about the fringe trend is its versatility. Not only can you incorporate these sassy strings into your wardrobe but you can also sport it through any medium i.e. through an accessory or clothing piece or even footwear. “You have a variety of different options when it comes to fringes. You can play around with beads or metallic ropes or even denim, the list just goes on and on,” says fashion blogger Puja Wani, “A well-fitted tee with fringes on denim looks really chic for the day and pair a contemporary sari with a fringed noodle strap crop makes heads turn at a social soirée!” ACCESSORIESSkinny sunglassesWe are totally crushing big time on skinny sunglasses to go along with our skinny tall soy lattes. Trust us when we say that a pair of these can totally escalate your look within seconds. What started with a few sightings on Instagram influencers has only gone up on the fashion ladder with everybody adapting to the style. One thing is for sure, the 90’s skinny game is here to stay for a while and you could try experimenting with the same. While the black skinnies sure do seem like a classic, there are a lot of varieties to choose from. You could go crazy and pick a pair of colour tinted glasses to go with super ripped black denim and a black crop or could try white rimmed statement sunglasses over an all-white outfit for the local Sunday brunch!Bag that styleThe trend started with designer labels such as Gucci and Prada displaying embellished bags on runways and it has only been widely appreciated and accepted by the masses. Imagine bags with tiny fur trims and pearls and fabric patches with logos or numbers. The size of these goodies ranges from tiny shoulder bags to handbags to even totes! A great bag can make or break the look and these embellished bags undeniably enliven the look in a jiffy. Macker says, “For bags or any kind of accessories including shoes, I absolutely love embellishments. It gives so much more character to pieces and if you can customize the embellishments there is just nothing like having your own unique piece. I have to say the Gucci has set the bar high with their embellished bags.” Try carrying a denim shoulder bag with faux pearls and diamonds on a classic white blouse and blue denim to the lazy Saturday lunch with the girls or a box bag with adornments for the cocktail soiree the week after and be indebted to us forever!Dance in trans(parent)!While we were throwing our everyday essentials in a plastic see-through bags last season, this season is all about transparent footwear (now we can openly flaunt our pedicures!). Clear PVC sandals are selling like hot cakes and by the looks of it, this trend is definitely here to stay. With Chanel kicking off the trend early this year and going crazy with plastic covered everything, most designers followed suit. If you think wearing see-through shoes is bizarre, you could participate by wearing a combination of plastic, leather peep toes or sandals with plastic straps, or footwear with plastic heels. You could most certainly wear PVC boots on a bodycon lacy dress if you’re ready to bear it all! Fashion blogger Madhavi Dey says, “PVC shoes are a major life saver. I love wearing these statement pieces see through ankle boots on an all-black ensemble as it just adds the right touch of edge to the outfit.” BEAUTYGive a clean(se) chitWe have finally come to the realization that cleansing oils aren’t the bad heroes we made them out to be. In fact, they are seen to be the most liked product currently. Cleansing is the most effective way of getting dirt free, crystal clear and soft skin in a jiffy and cleansing oils seem to deliver all that and much more efficiently. Experts confirm that while cleansers do strip your skin of natural oils, cleansing oil does not clog your pore. Beauty blogger Stacey Castenha says, “I’ve started using a cleansing oil and it only does wonders to my skin. Not only does it cleans my face really nice but also leaves it glowing and super soft. This is one product that is never exiting my vanity.” Looks like it’s time to put this oil down on the list of things to buy this season!Enhancing beautyThe trend that started sometime early this year has only grown. Face serums are a game changer and people are only starting to realize. Whether your skin is acne-prone or dehydrated or dull, there is a magic potion available for every skin type and for every skin related problem. Majority of us Indian women suffer from dehydrated skin and the answer to that is moisture-based hydration face serum. “People always thought that face serums are a strict no as they make the skin too oily or clog the pores but 2018 has been a game changer. People are understanding their skin like never before and adding these serums to their daily beauty regime,” informs Catenha. Time for a much-needed skincare shopping run! Inclusive beautyA little while back, Rihanna upped her game big time after releasing her foundation line with FENTY Beauty. The foundation that came in a variety of 40 different shades (yes, 40 different shades and we aren’t even joking about it!) made our lives so much simpler. People all over the world went crazy as they no longer had to mix a few different shades in order to create the one suitable for their skin. This started a movement that every skin tone is unique and deserves to be celebrated. It was only logical that soon other beauty brands followed suit and started going beyond the customary 10-15 shade range. “Today, it’s all about customization. Right from outfit to beauty to even food, everybody wants something exclusive designed just for them. The inclusive beauty trend is definitely here to stay and is only going to get bigger and bigger with each season,” says Wani. DÉCORGeometric accentsAs Pantone predicted geometric accents have certainly proved to be the hottest trend of the year in decor. What started as modest triangles and circles on tiny vases and tableware here and there has only blown up and manifested itself on objects everywhere. The octagons and hexagons are repeatedly making bold appearances on items such as home furnishing, tiles, wallpapers, fabrics, etc. among others. Interior decorator Heena Sabhnani shares, “A lot of my clients have been taken aback with what the change they saw in their home by incorporating geometric patterns. It instantly brightens up a dull and boring home and adds just the right touch of modern.” Geometric prints are an easy way to up your décor game and give your home the much needed modern touch that it so needed. You too can join on the bandwagon by getting a bright and colourful wallpaper on the bar wall or you can start by dipping one toe at a time and get geometric wall hangings by the dinning or a subtle rug to start with. Frills and trimsWe are as surprised as you are; as for most of us, fringe belongs in the closet. Well, clearly not anymore as the trend has gotten a major upgrade. This season, the style is moving out of our wardrobes and on our décor and we aren’t complaining one bit. Fringe doesn’t necessarily have to mean overdressed. Lightly fringed hems on lamps or a statement fringe trimmed chandelier add the right touch of flirty modern chic. Everything boring is fun again! Fringes are seen making indiscreet roaring appearances on sofa chairs, statement mirrors wall hangings and other zillion things. Again, you could opt for a fringed sofa set for a modern Gatsby look or start with a tiny fringe trim lamp on the nightstand and thank us later!Lush livingVelvet for the longest time has been synonymous to luxury and opulence and the quickest and easiest way to transform your house and give it a luxurious touch is by upgrading your plain Jane furniture with plush velvet pieces. Earlier, velvet was a fabric that was easy to stain, required a lot of looking after, was really difficult to maintain and was available in limited colours. However, all that has changed and today you can get a variety of different shades and options and you’d be surprised at how low maintenance the fabric is and it really doesn’t require much looking after it. You could start experimenting by getting a plush turquoise throw on or cushions and notice the change or go all out and invest in larger pieces like a purple velvet statement couch with chairs and let it rule your space. Velvet just instantly jazzes up the place like nothing else and adds in a generous dollop of chic royalty. Velvet curtains and upholstery too have entered the market and are slowly crawling into our homes. You could begin with black or dark mauve velvet drapes and move to loud bright hues. The key point to remember is not go overboard as velvet on its own self is a statement fabric so minimalism is the keyword to keep in mind while engaging with velvet. Well, it’s time to go ahead and get your velvet on.Text: Ravina Sachdev																		Although monotone and monochrome outfits are safe and can be worn on multiple occasions, going multicolour is bold and daring. In Bollywood, actor Ranveer Singh is popular for his peculiar yet striking dress sense. Similarly, Sonam Kapoor Ahuja and Kangana Ranaut never fail to make headlines with their feisty sartorial choices. Here is a list of some other actors who have embraced colours with pride.Ranveer SinghDeepika PadukoneSonam Kapoor AhujaKareena Kapoor KhanKangana RanautManushi ChhillarJanhvi KapoorTwinkle KhannaFreida PintoShruti HassanRaveena TandonSonakshi Sinha 													Although monotone and monochrome outfits are safe and can be worn on multiple occasions, going multicolour is bold and daring. In Bollywood, actor Ranveer Singh is popular for his peculiar yet striking dress sense. Similarly, Sonam Kapoor Ahuja and Kangana Ranaut never fail to make headlines with their feisty sartorial choices. Here is a list of some other actors who have embraced colours with pride.Ranveer SinghDeepika PadukoneSonam Kapoor AhujaKareena Kapoor KhanKangana RanautManushi ChhillarJanhvi KapoorTwinkle KhannaFreida PintoShruti HassanRaveena TandonSonakshi Sinha 													Although monotone and monochrome outfits are safe and can be worn on multiple occasions, going multicolour is bold and daring. In Bollywood, actor Ranveer Singh is popular for his peculiar yet striking dress sense. Similarly, Sonam Kapoor Ahuja and Kangana Ranaut never fail to make headlines with their feisty sartorial choices. Here is a list of some other actors who have embraced colours with pride.Ranveer SinghDeepika PadukoneSonam Kapoor AhujaKareena Kapoor KhanKangana RanautManushi ChhillarJanhvi KapoorTwinkle KhannaFreida PintoShruti HassanRaveena TandonSonakshi Sinha Recent award shows, ramps, and high-end events were awash with all-white outfits. From snow white and ivory to eggshell white and vanilla, Bollywood celebs have been going gaga over this pristine hue. To remain on top of the trend you can follow the lead of Kareena Kapoor Khan’s edgy look by wearing Flow The Label’s off-shoulder top paired with striped trousers or you can take cue from Katrina Kaif’s Anamika Khanna ruffled asymmetrical dress worn with a matching duster jacket. Have a look at our top picks for the season, and stock your wardrobe with this versatile shade:Kareena Kapoor KhanKatrina KaifSonam Kapoor AhujaAnushka SharmaHuma QureshiEsha GuptaTaapsee Pannu Recent award shows, ramps, and high-end events were awash with all-white outfits. From snow white and ivory to eggshell white and vanilla, Bollywood celebs have been going gaga over this pristine hue. To remain on top of the trend you can follow the lead of Kareena Kapoor Khan’s edgy look by wearing Flow The Label’s off-shoulder top paired with striped trousers or you can take cue from Katrina Kaif’s Anamika Khanna ruffled asymmetrical dress worn with a matching duster jacket. Have a look at our top picks for the season, and stock your wardrobe with this versatile shade:Kareena Kapoor KhanKatrina KaifSonam Kapoor AhujaAnushka SharmaHuma QureshiEsha GuptaTaapsee Pannu Recent award shows, ramps, and high-end events were awash with all-white outfits. From snow white and ivory to eggshell white and vanilla, Bollywood celebs have been going gaga over this pristine hue. To remain on top of the trend you can follow the lead of Kareena Kapoor Khan’s edgy look by wearing Flow The Label’s off-shoulder top paired with striped trousers or you can take cue from Katrina Kaif’s Anamika Khanna ruffled asymmetrical dress worn with a matching duster jacket. Have a look at our top picks for the season, and stock your wardrobe with this versatile shade:Kareena Kapoor KhanKatrina KaifSonam Kapoor AhujaAnushka SharmaHuma QureshiEsha GuptaTaapsee Pannu One thing that is never up for compromise is to look one's best at all times. To do so is vastly simple and it turns out that we were fussing over the wrong waistline this entire time! All you need is the knowledge about the many waistlines available out there, and know the perfect one for you. The dress with the right waistline will give you a flattering silhouette that will highlight all the right areas and hide the ones you don’t want to show! In order to achieve the perfectly flattering silhouette that you’ve always dreamed of, picking an outfit with the right waistline that matches your body shape is all there is to it (cheers all around). So no slumpy, sloppy ill-fitting attire and wardrobe malfunctions because we are here to deliver to you the fashion tips to match the right body shape to the right waistline. It’s the kind of matchmaking we are here to help with! So read on, and get ready for some shopping for the coming season. You will look on point always, and ensure you make heads turn.  EMPIRE STATE OF MINDEmpire waistlineThe first and most recognisable waistline there is the empire waistline also popularly referred to as the empire silhouette, empire line or just empire style. The basic structure of this waist pattern is categorised by the tightly fitted bodice that ends just below the bust to deliver the whole high-waisted look. The obsession with the high-waisted line began during the 18th century and was brought to fame by the empress of the first French Empire, Napoleon Bonaparte’s wife, Empress Josephine de Beauharnais; which is where the whole regal reference is sourced from. If a style was good enough for an empress, you can be sure it’s good enough for you as well. The entire style is part of the neoclassical style that was obsessed with imitating and replicating or rather reviving the style that could be seen in the ancient Greek and Roman which portrayed women wearing long gowns clinched under the bust.Perhaps it's old-time origins and traces in the 18th century that give the style a wonderfully romantic appeal. The flowy and really luxurious feel it imparts makes your inner Greek goddess preen with appreciation, accompanied with the fact that it’s incredibly comfy with zero constriction is an advantage that has very women sighing in absolute relief. Its old-time origins and traces in the 18th century that give the empire waistline style a wonderfully romantic appeal.Match-maker: The empire waist is designed in such a way that it sits above a woman's natural waistline and generally accentuates the bust which is why it is ideally always accompanied with deep scoop necklines or sweetheart and V-necklines.   This style is perfect for those with pear-shaped bodies i.e. having a slim upper body and a more voluptuous lower body. As such if you don’t want to draw attention to your hips then empire waistline is the way to go. The waist tends to emphasise the narrowest part of the body and camouflaging the wider lower body. It’s also great for short people because the raised waistline creates the appearance of extra height. Now, for the don’ts - avoid the billowy, voluminous fabrics. Pleats and gathers are another no-nos.It is best to stick to with A-line structures or sheath that help to highlight your body’s best features instead of hiding it under too much fabric. When wearing an empire waist top, the best choice of bottom wear is either skinny or straight legged pants. Pairing it up with voluminous wide-legged tend it delivers a rather frumpy, disproportionate look. Empire waist dresses are ideal for pregnant women as its flowy and comfortable. DROP DOWNDrop waistAfter the waistline was pulled up to new heights, the winds of change eventually made their way through the world of fashion and according to the laws of the universal: what goes up must come down. So after the waistline enjoyed the lofty highs, during the roaring 20s, it dropped down to become the distinctive dropped waist style. Around the time when women were finally breaking free from a vile instrument of torture also known as the corset, they decided to adopt more masculine silhouettes. It was believed to be seen as female liberation from traditionally-accepted shapes. A dropped waist sits below the actual natural waistline of a woman and is characterised by the line across the hips instead of the waist thereby providing the illusion of a longer torso. The drop waist though popular with the 20’s flapper dresses are more commonly remembered in their 60’s revival. During then the look took on a sportier feel rather than the elegantly sleek feminine look of the 20’s. Designers have experimented around with it for years and while the basic construct was never tampered with, there were several add-ons like belts, pleated and ruffled skirts to give it a little extra something every time.The drop waist though popular with the 20’s flapper dresses are more commonly remembered in their 60’s revival.Match-maker: Dropped waisted looks aren’t quite as popular today as they were before but they haven’t faded into obscurity completely because the whole ‘shapeless’ look is on the prowl and is extremely favoured. The waist makes quite a statement and, if you know just how to wear and accessorise it, it can turn you into an über fashionista who knows how to work any style like a boss. Short drop-waisted look looks fantastic on women with the tall slender willowy figures and narrow hips. With the addition of a ruffled skirt for a flouncy free-flowing look or an A-line skirt for a sleeker formal look, it could swing either way. It would be prudent for women who have a heavier lower half to stay away from the ruffles as it would be super counterproductive and make the lower body look even wider.For those with long legs and a short torso, drop-waisted dress - with moderate heels - works well. And for those with a long torso and short legs, drop waists with high heels will help to balance out the long torso and deliver a balanced, symmetrical look. BASQUE IN ITBasque waistlineWhat could you have in common with a woman who lived during the American Civil War? Nothing much; except maybe your dress’s waistline. The Basque waistline, which is also referred to as the antebellum waistline is a waistline that emerged when the hourglass figure was the shape every woman was vying for. This waistline served to flatter the equally proportioned body of an hourglass shape and has merits for other body types as well.A Basque waistline is flattering V-shaped waistline that is ideally beneficial for curvaceous figures. The style forms a noticeable ‘V’ on the front of the body coming 2-3 inches below the normal waistline. If the pronounced V-shape is too sharp for one’s taste and then the style can also be modified to a softer U-shape. It is a generally flattering style that provides a slimmer and longer torso due to its low ‘V’ and reduces the width of the hips and waist. Though the idea is to love your body no matter what, wanting to take off a couple for inches every now and then using illusionary means is perfectly acceptable. The style originally began as French-fitted bodice or jacket that eventually become part of the dress rather than a separate piece altogether. A Basque waistline is flattering V-shaped waistline that is ideally beneficial for curvaceous figures.Matchmaker: A Basque waistline is flattering for many body shapes; the low V-shaped line lengthens the torso and creates a wonderfully slim silhouette. However, due to the shape of the waistline, the style tends to draw distinct attention to the lower tummy region and if you aren’t comfortable with that then it's best to avoid this style. Pear-shaped bodies or square shaped bodies should not go for this kind of waistline as it would not be able to appropriately accentuate and flatter those kinds of body types. Hourglass and other body types would be able to carry it off perfectly as it helps to balance out the hips and waist due to the elongation illusion the waist creates.   LOSE THE SYMMETRYAsymmetric waistlineThings that are straight and simple are thoroughly uninteresting after a while. In order to shake things up, the fashion industry developed an obsession with everything that was off-centre and unbalanced. And that is because things like that tend to be more interesting. There is more depth, character and visual appeal. From hemlines with varying lengths to slanted necklines, there is something about asymmetrical patterns in an attire that just make the whole look more sophisticated and bold while breaking free from the rigid symmetry.Though an asymmetrical waistline is not as radical as some of the other things in the same school of thought, it is an interesting style to incorporate. An asymmetrical waistline is a style that sits diagonally across the natural waistline. It originates from a point in the natural waistline and then extends down in a slant to the opposite end. In other words, it is just a slanted waistline across your body, high on one side and low on the other.Asymmetrical waistline creates a slimming effect for those full figured or thick-waisted ladies.Match-maker: Asymmetrical waistline is a type of waistline that will create a slimming effect. Thus, it is great for those full figured or thick-waisted ladies. On the other hand, those on the shorter side should stay away from this waistline as the long waist will make the rest of the body appear shorter. However, if you have short height, you should not opt for this waistline style as this will just make you appear shorter. WAIST NOT, WANT NOTPrincess seamThe absence of something is often beneficial as well. Though there exist several types of waistlines to go with every kind of body, there is a particular style that does not need a visible waistline. A style that is much beloved and which is about as timeless as the name itself - the princess seam style. It is a style that will probably never go out of style and is an epitome of soft feminity.A princess seam or line is characterised by the long seams that start from below the arm, or under the shoulder and curves delicately over the bust and down the body to give a prominent long look that that associated with A-line dresses. The seam can be stitched into blouses or dresses to have the desired structure and shape. Due to the way it is designed, the style does not need a waistline since it runs along panels down the body. The princess seam was associated with Charles Frederick Worth, a prominent English fashion designer of the 19th and 20th century who is also acknowledged by many as the ‘Father of Haute Couture’. The style was of course created for Princess Alexandra of Denmark, the wife of King Edward VII. Due to its fitted and figure-hugging design, it was believed to be the first ‘bodycon’ (who are we to deny that fact?).The princess seam works well with any body type as the seams help to slenderize your frame.Match-maker: The princess seam works remarkably well for those with hourglass figures, the long, shapely seams that gather in at the waist and flare out again at the hips. However, the princess seam works well with any body type as the seams help to slenderize your frame.  It’s a wardrobe staple for every lady, kind of like a good pair of shoes or an LBD. Or better yet an LBD with princess seams is a very acceptable option as well.  Either way, knowing what looks good on your unique body is the first step to being fashionably perfect every day but the personal interpretations and add-ons are what make the outfit your identity.  Text: Crystal SymssImages: Yogen Shah and Shutterstock					One thing that is never up for compromise is to look one's best at all times. To do so is vastly simple and it turns out that we were fussing over the wrong waistline this entire time! All you need is the knowledge about the many waistlines available out there, and know the perfect one for you. The dress with the right waistline will give you a flattering silhouette that will highlight all the right areas and hide the ones you don’t want to show! In order to achieve the perfectly flattering silhouette that you’ve always dreamed of, picking an outfit with the right waistline that matches your body shape is all there is to it (cheers all around). So no slumpy, sloppy ill-fitting attire and wardrobe malfunctions because we are here to deliver to you the fashion tips to match the right body shape to the right waistline. It’s the kind of matchmaking we are here to help with! So read on, and get ready for some shopping for the coming season. You will look on point always, and ensure you make heads turn.  EMPIRE STATE OF MINDEmpire waistlineThe first and most recognisable waistline there is the empire waistline also popularly referred to as the empire silhouette, empire line or just empire style. The basic structure of this waist pattern is categorised by the tightly fitted bodice that ends just below the bust to deliver the whole high-waisted look. The obsession with the high-waisted line began during the 18th century and was brought to fame by the empress of the first French Empire, Napoleon Bonaparte’s wife, Empress Josephine de Beauharnais; which is where the whole regal reference is sourced from. If a style was good enough for an empress, you can be sure it’s good enough for you as well. The entire style is part of the neoclassical style that was obsessed with imitating and replicating or rather reviving the style that could be seen in the ancient Greek and Roman which portrayed women wearing long gowns clinched under the bust.Perhaps it's old-time origins and traces in the 18th century that give the style a wonderfully romantic appeal. The flowy and really luxurious feel it imparts makes your inner Greek goddess preen with appreciation, accompanied with the fact that it’s incredibly comfy with zero constriction is an advantage that has very women sighing in absolute relief. Its old-time origins and traces in the 18th century that give the empire waistline style a wonderfully romantic appeal.Match-maker: The empire waist is designed in such a way that it sits above a woman's natural waistline and generally accentuates the bust which is why it is ideally always accompanied with deep scoop necklines or sweetheart and V-necklines.   This style is perfect for those with pear-shaped bodies i.e. having a slim upper body and a more voluptuous lower body. As such if you don’t want to draw attention to your hips then empire waistline is the way to go. The waist tends to emphasise the narrowest part of the body and camouflaging the wider lower body. It’s also great for short people because the raised waistline creates the appearance of extra height. Now, for the don’ts - avoid the billowy, voluminous fabrics. Pleats and gathers are another no-nos.It is best to stick to with A-line structures or sheath that help to highlight your body’s best features instead of hiding it under too much fabric. When wearing an empire waist top, the best choice of bottom wear is either skinny or straight legged pants. Pairing it up with voluminous wide-legged tend it delivers a rather frumpy, disproportionate look. Empire waist dresses are ideal for pregnant women as its flowy and comfortable. DROP DOWNDrop waistAfter the waistline was pulled up to new heights, the winds of change eventually made their way through the world of fashion and according to the laws of the universal: what goes up must come down. So after the waistline enjoyed the lofty highs, during the roaring 20s, it dropped down to become the distinctive dropped waist style. Around the time when women were finally breaking free from a vile instrument of torture also known as the corset, they decided to adopt more masculine silhouettes. It was believed to be seen as female liberation from traditionally-accepted shapes. A dropped waist sits below the actual natural waistline of a woman and is characterised by the line across the hips instead of the waist thereby providing the illusion of a longer torso. The drop waist though popular with the 20’s flapper dresses are more commonly remembered in their 60’s revival. During then the look took on a sportier feel rather than the elegantly sleek feminine look of the 20’s. Designers have experimented around with it for years and while the basic construct was never tampered with, there were several add-ons like belts, pleated and ruffled skirts to give it a little extra something every time.The drop waist though popular with the 20’s flapper dresses are more commonly remembered in their 60’s revival.Match-maker: Dropped waisted looks aren’t quite as popular today as they were before but they haven’t faded into obscurity completely because the whole ‘shapeless’ look is on the prowl and is extremely favoured. The waist makes quite a statement and, if you know just how to wear and accessorise it, it can turn you into an über fashionista who knows how to work any style like a boss. Short drop-waisted look looks fantastic on women with the tall slender willowy figures and narrow hips. With the addition of a ruffled skirt for a flouncy free-flowing look or an A-line skirt for a sleeker formal look, it could swing either way. It would be prudent for women who have a heavier lower half to stay away from the ruffles as it would be super counterproductive and make the lower body look even wider.For those with long legs and a short torso, drop-waisted dress - with moderate heels - works well. And for those with a long torso and short legs, drop waists with high heels will help to balance out the long torso and deliver a balanced, symmetrical look. BASQUE IN ITBasque waistlineWhat could you have in common with a woman who lived during the American Civil War? Nothing much; except maybe your dress’s waistline. The Basque waistline, which is also referred to as the antebellum waistline is a waistline that emerged when the hourglass figure was the shape every woman was vying for. This waistline served to flatter the equally proportioned body of an hourglass shape and has merits for other body types as well.A Basque waistline is flattering V-shaped waistline that is ideally beneficial for curvaceous figures. The style forms a noticeable ‘V’ on the front of the body coming 2-3 inches below the normal waistline. If the pronounced V-shape is too sharp for one’s taste and then the style can also be modified to a softer U-shape. It is a generally flattering style that provides a slimmer and longer torso due to its low ‘V’ and reduces the width of the hips and waist. Though the idea is to love your body no matter what, wanting to take off a couple for inches every now and then using illusionary means is perfectly acceptable. The style originally began as French-fitted bodice or jacket that eventually become part of the dress rather than a separate piece altogether. A Basque waistline is flattering V-shaped waistline that is ideally beneficial for curvaceous figures.Matchmaker: A Basque waistline is flattering for many body shapes; the low V-shaped line lengthens the torso and creates a wonderfully slim silhouette. However, due to the shape of the waistline, the style tends to draw distinct attention to the lower tummy region and if you aren’t comfortable with that then it's best to avoid this style. Pear-shaped bodies or square shaped bodies should not go for this kind of waistline as it would not be able to appropriately accentuate and flatter those kinds of body types. Hourglass and other body types would be able to carry it off perfectly as it helps to balance out the hips and waist due to the elongation illusion the waist creates.   LOSE THE SYMMETRYAsymmetric waistlineThings that are straight and simple are thoroughly uninteresting after a while. In order to shake things up, the fashion industry developed an obsession with everything that was off-centre and unbalanced. And that is because things like that tend to be more interesting. There is more depth, character and visual appeal. From hemlines with varying lengths to slanted necklines, there is something about asymmetrical patterns in an attire that just make the whole look more sophisticated and bold while breaking free from the rigid symmetry.Though an asymmetrical waistline is not as radical as some of the other things in the same school of thought, it is an interesting style to incorporate. An asymmetrical waistline is a style that sits diagonally across the natural waistline. It originates from a point in the natural waistline and then extends down in a slant to the opposite end. In other words, it is just a slanted waistline across your body, high on one side and low on the other.Asymmetrical waistline creates a slimming effect for those full figured or thick-waisted ladies.Match-maker: Asymmetrical waistline is a type of waistline that will create a slimming effect. Thus, it is great for those full figured or thick-waisted ladies. On the other hand, those on the shorter side should stay away from this waistline as the long waist will make the rest of the body appear shorter. However, if you have short height, you should not opt for this waistline style as this will just make you appear shorter. WAIST NOT, WANT NOTPrincess seamThe absence of something is often beneficial as well. Though there exist several types of waistlines to go with every kind of body, there is a particular style that does not need a visible waistline. A style that is much beloved and which is about as timeless as the name itself - the princess seam style. It is a style that will probably never go out of style and is an epitome of soft feminity.A princess seam or line is characterised by the long seams that start from below the arm, or under the shoulder and curves delicately over the bust and down the body to give a prominent long look that that associated with A-line dresses. The seam can be stitched into blouses or dresses to have the desired structure and shape. Due to the way it is designed, the style does not need a waistline since it runs along panels down the body. The princess seam was associated with Charles Frederick Worth, a prominent English fashion designer of the 19th and 20th century who is also acknowledged by many as the ‘Father of Haute Couture’. The style was of course created for Princess Alexandra of Denmark, the wife of King Edward VII. Due to its fitted and figure-hugging design, it was believed to be the first ‘bodycon’ (who are we to deny that fact?).The princess seam works well with any body type as the seams help to slenderize your frame.Match-maker: The princess seam works remarkably well for those with hourglass figures, the long, shapely seams that gather in at the waist and flare out again at the hips. However, the princess seam works well with any body type as the seams help to slenderize your frame.  It’s a wardrobe staple for every lady, kind of like a good pair of shoes or an LBD. Or better yet an LBD with princess seams is a very acceptable option as well.  Either way, knowing what looks good on your unique body is the first step to being fashionably perfect every day but the personal interpretations and add-ons are what make the outfit your identity.  Text: Crystal SymssImages: Yogen Shah and Shutterstock					One thing that is never up for compromise is to look one's best at all times. To do so is vastly simple and it turns out that we were fussing over the wrong waistline this entire time! All you need is the knowledge about the many waistlines available out there, and know the perfect one for you. The dress with the right waistline will give you a flattering silhouette that will highlight all the right areas and hide the ones you don’t want to show! In order to achieve the perfectly flattering silhouette that you’ve always dreamed of, picking an outfit with the right waistline that matches your body shape is all there is to it (cheers all around). So no slumpy, sloppy ill-fitting attire and wardrobe malfunctions because we are here to deliver to you the fashion tips to match the right body shape to the right waistline. It’s the kind of matchmaking we are here to help with! So read on, and get ready for some shopping for the coming season. You will look on point always, and ensure you make heads turn.  EMPIRE STATE OF MINDEmpire waistlineThe first and most recognisable waistline there is the empire waistline also popularly referred to as the empire silhouette, empire line or just empire style. The basic structure of this waist pattern is categorised by the tightly fitted bodice that ends just below the bust to deliver the whole high-waisted look. The obsession with the high-waisted line began during the 18th century and was brought to fame by the empress of the first French Empire, Napoleon Bonaparte’s wife, Empress Josephine de Beauharnais; which is where the whole regal reference is sourced from. If a style was good enough for an empress, you can be sure it’s good enough for you as well. The entire style is part of the neoclassical style that was obsessed with imitating and replicating or rather reviving the style that could be seen in the ancient Greek and Roman which portrayed women wearing long gowns clinched under the bust.Perhaps it's old-time origins and traces in the 18th century that give the style a wonderfully romantic appeal. The flowy and really luxurious feel it imparts makes your inner Greek goddess preen with appreciation, accompanied with the fact that it’s incredibly comfy with zero constriction is an advantage that has very women sighing in absolute relief. Its old-time origins and traces in the 18th century that give the empire waistline style a wonderfully romantic appeal.Match-maker: The empire waist is designed in such a way that it sits above a woman's natural waistline and generally accentuates the bust which is why it is ideally always accompanied with deep scoop necklines or sweetheart and V-necklines.   This style is perfect for those with pear-shaped bodies i.e. having a slim upper body and a more voluptuous lower body. As such if you don’t want to draw attention to your hips then empire waistline is the way to go. The waist tends to emphasise the narrowest part of the body and camouflaging the wider lower body. It’s also great for short people because the raised waistline creates the appearance of extra height. Now, for the don’ts - avoid the billowy, voluminous fabrics. Pleats and gathers are another no-nos.It is best to stick to with A-line structures or sheath that help to highlight your body’s best features instead of hiding it under too much fabric. When wearing an empire waist top, the best choice of bottom wear is either skinny or straight legged pants. Pairing it up with voluminous wide-legged tend it delivers a rather frumpy, disproportionate look. Empire waist dresses are ideal for pregnant women as its flowy and comfortable. DROP DOWNDrop waistAfter the waistline was pulled up to new heights, the winds of change eventually made their way through the world of fashion and according to the laws of the universal: what goes up must come down. So after the waistline enjoyed the lofty highs, during the roaring 20s, it dropped down to become the distinctive dropped waist style. Around the time when women were finally breaking free from a vile instrument of torture also known as the corset, they decided to adopt more masculine silhouettes. It was believed to be seen as female liberation from traditionally-accepted shapes. A dropped waist sits below the actual natural waistline of a woman and is characterised by the line across the hips instead of the waist thereby providing the illusion of a longer torso. The drop waist though popular with the 20’s flapper dresses are more commonly remembered in their 60’s revival. During then the look took on a sportier feel rather than the elegantly sleek feminine look of the 20’s. Designers have experimented around with it for years and while the basic construct was never tampered with, there were several add-ons like belts, pleated and ruffled skirts to give it a little extra something every time.The drop waist though popular with the 20’s flapper dresses are more commonly remembered in their 60’s revival.Match-maker: Dropped waisted looks aren’t quite as popular today as they were before but they haven’t faded into obscurity completely because the whole ‘shapeless’ look is on the prowl and is extremely favoured. The waist makes quite a statement and, if you know just how to wear and accessorise it, it can turn you into an über fashionista who knows how to work any style like a boss. Short drop-waisted look looks fantastic on women with the tall slender willowy figures and narrow hips. With the addition of a ruffled skirt for a flouncy free-flowing look or an A-line skirt for a sleeker formal look, it could swing either way. It would be prudent for women who have a heavier lower half to stay away from the ruffles as it would be super counterproductive and make the lower body look even wider.For those with long legs and a short torso, drop-waisted dress - with moderate heels - works well. And for those with a long torso and short legs, drop waists with high heels will help to balance out the long torso and deliver a balanced, symmetrical look. BASQUE IN ITBasque waistlineWhat could you have in common with a woman who lived during the American Civil War? Nothing much; except maybe your dress’s waistline. The Basque waistline, which is also referred to as the antebellum waistline is a waistline that emerged when the hourglass figure was the shape every woman was vying for. This waistline served to flatter the equally proportioned body of an hourglass shape and has merits for other body types as well.A Basque waistline is flattering V-shaped waistline that is ideally beneficial for curvaceous figures. The style forms a noticeable ‘V’ on the front of the body coming 2-3 inches below the normal waistline. If the pronounced V-shape is too sharp for one’s taste and then the style can also be modified to a softer U-shape. It is a generally flattering style that provides a slimmer and longer torso due to its low ‘V’ and reduces the width of the hips and waist. Though the idea is to love your body no matter what, wanting to take off a couple for inches every now and then using illusionary means is perfectly acceptable. The style originally began as French-fitted bodice or jacket that eventually become part of the dress rather than a separate piece altogether. A Basque waistline is flattering V-shaped waistline that is ideally beneficial for curvaceous figures.Matchmaker: A Basque waistline is flattering for many body shapes; the low V-shaped line lengthens the torso and creates a wonderfully slim silhouette. However, due to the shape of the waistline, the style tends to draw distinct attention to the lower tummy region and if you aren’t comfortable with that then it's best to avoid this style. Pear-shaped bodies or square shaped bodies should not go for this kind of waistline as it would not be able to appropriately accentuate and flatter those kinds of body types. Hourglass and other body types would be able to carry it off perfectly as it helps to balance out the hips and waist due to the elongation illusion the waist creates.   LOSE THE SYMMETRYAsymmetric waistlineThings that are straight and simple are thoroughly uninteresting after a while. In order to shake things up, the fashion industry developed an obsession with everything that was off-centre and unbalanced. And that is because things like that tend to be more interesting. There is more depth, character and visual appeal. From hemlines with varying lengths to slanted necklines, there is something about asymmetrical patterns in an attire that just make the whole look more sophisticated and bold while breaking free from the rigid symmetry.Though an asymmetrical waistline is not as radical as some of the other things in the same school of thought, it is an interesting style to incorporate. An asymmetrical waistline is a style that sits diagonally across the natural waistline. It originates from a point in the natural waistline and then extends down in a slant to the opposite end. In other words, it is just a slanted waistline across your body, high on one side and low on the other.Asymmetrical waistline creates a slimming effect for those full figured or thick-waisted ladies.Match-maker: Asymmetrical waistline is a type of waistline that will create a slimming effect. Thus, it is great for those full figured or thick-waisted ladies. On the other hand, those on the shorter side should stay away from this waistline as the long waist will make the rest of the body appear shorter. However, if you have short height, you should not opt for this waistline style as this will just make you appear shorter. WAIST NOT, WANT NOTPrincess seamThe absence of something is often beneficial as well. Though there exist several types of waistlines to go with every kind of body, there is a particular style that does not need a visible waistline. A style that is much beloved and which is about as timeless as the name itself - the princess seam style. It is a style that will probably never go out of style and is an epitome of soft feminity.A princess seam or line is characterised by the long seams that start from below the arm, or under the shoulder and curves delicately over the bust and down the body to give a prominent long look that that associated with A-line dresses. The seam can be stitched into blouses or dresses to have the desired structure and shape. Due to the way it is designed, the style does not need a waistline since it runs along panels down the body. The princess seam was associated with Charles Frederick Worth, a prominent English fashion designer of the 19th and 20th century who is also acknowledged by many as the ‘Father of Haute Couture’. The style was of course created for Princess Alexandra of Denmark, the wife of King Edward VII. Due to its fitted and figure-hugging design, it was believed to be the first ‘bodycon’ (who are we to deny that fact?).The princess seam works well with any body type as the seams help to slenderize your frame.Match-maker: The princess seam works remarkably well for those with hourglass figures, the long, shapely seams that gather in at the waist and flare out again at the hips. However, the princess seam works well with any body type as the seams help to slenderize your frame.  It’s a wardrobe staple for every lady, kind of like a good pair of shoes or an LBD. Or better yet an LBD with princess seams is a very acceptable option as well.  Either way, knowing what looks good on your unique body is the first step to being fashionably perfect every day but the personal interpretations and add-ons are what make the outfit your identity.  Text: Crystal SymssImages: Yogen Shah and Shutterstock					Cover storyMonochrome jackets look both trendy and sophisticated. You can pair it with a simple white or a black T-shirt along with a nude-coloured bottom and you are ready for a formal or a semi-formal occassion. Here the actor Kriti Kharbanda is wearing a Zara blazer. Suit upOne of the most ideal outfits for office wear is a crisp black and white suit. Wear it with flats or kitten heels and go minimal on accessories. Here Anushka Sharma has paired an off-shoulder blouse with flared pants which makes it look ultra-modern yet fun.  Classic blend Monochrome has been used ample times in Indian wear too, giving it a contemporary spin. Here Shraddha Kapoor has worn a Punit Balana creation. The contrasting prints, along with the right fabric and texture, makes it perfect for a wedding.  Short and simpleBlack shorts with a white T-shirt or blouse look fun and slinky. Here Janhvi Kapoor has worn a Kunal Rawal outfit—black shorts with a white top and a jacket. This outfit could be completed with a pair of black thigh-high boots to look party-ready.  Doll upAccessorising is the key to make a simple monochrome dress look instantly trendy. Here Kangana Ranaut has added a broad black belt and boots to her outfit. You too can play with add-ons to make a simple dress modish.																		Simplicity is the key, but over-the-top (OTT) trend has managed to survive against all odds. The Lakmé Fashion Week (LFW) Winter/Festive 2018 was an evidence of the trend shift and designers like Naushad Ali, Gunjan Jain, Asik Barit, and Anvita Sharma walked their models wearing garments with contrasting colours, unique silhouettes, and exaggerated sleeves. Know how the ramp was set ablaze by these blue-sky creations. Glistening effectHere the model is wearing a Sunita Shanker sari with the pallu ending in front. The brilliant use of lustrous cloth and bright colour is making the overall outfit stunning. The eye makeup and the hairdo is further accentuating the look.  Unapologetic cutsHere the model is wearing a Naushad Ali windcheater with interesting cuts. The colour combination is making the overall look whimsical. The sleek hairdo and the minimal makeup are completing the semblance effortlessly. FusionThe designer-duo, Asik Barit and Anvita Sharma, has used three elements in this creation—vibrant colour, chequered print and exaggerated sleeves. The amalgamation of all these make for a staggering suit.  On fleekThe model here is wearing a Gunjan Jain sari with a blouse inspired by the nib of a pen. The perfect colour combination along with beautiful cuts make this outfit strikingly attractive.  Top-notchThe model here is wearing an Eka creation where designer Rina Singh has used chequered prints and colour-blocking in her garment. The perfect blending of both makes this an exceptional piece.Image credits- Yogen Shah					Cover storyMonochrome jackets look both trendy and sophisticated. You can pair it with a simple white or a black T-shirt along with a nude-coloured bottom and you are ready for a formal or a semi-formal occassion. Here the actor Kriti Kharbanda is wearing a Zara blazer. Suit upOne of the most ideal outfits for office wear is a crisp black and white suit. Wear it with flats or kitten heels and go minimal on accessories. Here Anushka Sharma has paired an off-shoulder blouse with flared pants which makes it look ultra-modern yet fun.  Classic blend Monochrome has been used ample times in Indian wear too, giving it a contemporary spin. Here Shraddha Kapoor has worn a Punit Balana creation. The contrasting prints, along with the right fabric and texture, makes it perfect for a wedding.  Short and simpleBlack shorts with a white T-shirt or blouse look fun and slinky. Here Janhvi Kapoor has worn a Kunal Rawal outfit—black shorts with a white top and a jacket. This outfit could be completed with a pair of black thigh-high boots to look party-ready.  Doll upAccessorising is the key to make a simple monochrome dress look instantly trendy. Here Kangana Ranaut has added a broad black belt and boots to her outfit. You too can play with add-ons to make a simple dress modish.					Cover storyMonochrome jackets look both trendy and sophisticated. You can pair it with a simple white or a black T-shirt along with a nude-coloured bottom and you are ready for a formal or a semi-formal occassion. Here the actor Kriti Kharbanda is wearing a Zara blazer. Suit upOne of the most ideal outfits for office wear is a crisp black and white suit. Wear it with flats or kitten heels and go minimal on accessories. Here Anushka Sharma has paired an off-shoulder blouse with flared pants which makes it look ultra-modern yet fun.  Classic blend Monochrome has been used ample times in Indian wear too, giving it a contemporary spin. Here Shraddha Kapoor has worn a Punit Balana creation. The contrasting prints, along with the right fabric and texture, makes it perfect for a wedding.  Short and simpleBlack shorts with a white T-shirt or blouse look fun and slinky. Here Janhvi Kapoor has worn a Kunal Rawal outfit—black shorts with a white top and a jacket. This outfit could be completed with a pair of black thigh-high boots to look party-ready.  Doll upAccessorising is the key to make a simple monochrome dress look instantly trendy. Here Kangana Ranaut has added a broad black belt and boots to her outfit. You too can play with add-ons to make a simple dress modish.																		Simplicity is the key, but over-the-top (OTT) trend has managed to survive against all odds. The Lakmé Fashion Week (LFW) Winter/Festive 2018 was an evidence of the trend shift and designers like Naushad Ali, Gunjan Jain, Asik Barit, and Anvita Sharma walked their models wearing garments with contrasting colours, unique silhouettes, and exaggerated sleeves. Know how the ramp was set ablaze by these blue-sky creations. Glistening effectHere the model is wearing a Sunita Shanker sari with the pallu ending in front. The brilliant use of lustrous cloth and bright colour is making the overall outfit stunning. The eye makeup and the hairdo is further accentuating the look.  Unapologetic cutsHere the model is wearing a Naushad Ali windcheater with interesting cuts. The colour combination is making the overall look whimsical. The sleek hairdo and the minimal makeup are completing the semblance effortlessly. FusionThe designer-duo, Asik Barit and Anvita Sharma, has used three elements in this creation—vibrant colour, chequered print and exaggerated sleeves. The amalgamation of all these make for a staggering suit.  On fleekThe model here is wearing a Gunjan Jain sari with a blouse inspired by the nib of a pen. The perfect colour combination along with beautiful cuts make this outfit strikingly attractive.  Top-notchThe model here is wearing an Eka creation where designer Rina Singh has used chequered prints and colour-blocking in her garment. The perfect blending of both makes this an exceptional piece.Image credits- Yogen Shah																		Simplicity is the key, but over-the-top (OTT) trend has managed to survive against all odds. The Lakmé Fashion Week (LFW) Winter/Festive 2018 was an evidence of the trend shift and designers like Naushad Ali, Gunjan Jain, Asik Barit, and Anvita Sharma walked their models wearing garments with contrasting colours, unique silhouettes, and exaggerated sleeves. Know how the ramp was set ablaze by these blue-sky creations. Glistening effectHere the model is wearing a Sunita Shanker sari with the pallu ending in front. The brilliant use of lustrous cloth and bright colour is making the overall outfit stunning. The eye makeup and the hairdo is further accentuating the look.  Unapologetic cutsHere the model is wearing a Naushad Ali windcheater with interesting cuts. The colour combination is making the overall look whimsical. The sleek hairdo and the minimal makeup are completing the semblance effortlessly. FusionThe designer-duo, Asik Barit and Anvita Sharma, has used three elements in this creation—vibrant colour, chequered print and exaggerated sleeves. The amalgamation of all these make for a staggering suit.  On fleekThe model here is wearing a Gunjan Jain sari with a blouse inspired by the nib of a pen. The perfect colour combination along with beautiful cuts make this outfit strikingly attractive.  Top-notchThe model here is wearing an Eka creation where designer Rina Singh has used chequered prints and colour-blocking in her garment. The perfect blending of both makes this an exceptional piece.Image credits- Yogen Shah																		Once considered boring, monotone has now become the crème de la crème. Monotone dressing has been ruling the ramps and streets alike for a long time. Spotted time and again during Lakmé Fashion Week (LFW) Winter/Festive 2018, we know that monotone is the trend of the season. Because of which we have picked five fresh monotone looks from the ramp to help you amp up your style game.Start with the basicsWe know monotone dressing could be risky at first and so you can play safe with an all-white outfit. Matching a white top with a white bottom may sound dull but try it once and you would fall in love with yourself. Here the model is wearing a Nakita Singh white top with a white bottom along with a dupatta.  Fashion maestroAll-black is the new black! Wear your perfect pair of black denims with a matching top and complete your look with a black belt and boots. This look would never disappoint you. Here the model is wearing a Mishru black sheer outfit.  NudesNudes are the way to go! A nude bodycon dress looks stylish and hella sexy! Here the model is wearing a Jayanti Reddy all-nude embellished ethnic wear perfect for a wedding.  Go boldOnce you become accustomed to montones, try giving more personality to your look by adding a jacket to your outfit. Here the model is wearing a Mishru fusion wear dress with the same coloured jacket.  Add printsPrinted monotones are in! Try experimenting with prints for a fun look. Here the model is wearing a Mohammed Mazhar chequered all-red outfit. Image credits- Yogen Shah					FusionDay 5 of the fashion week witnessed western wear hugging ethnic wear. The label Mishru showcased an indo-western collection, where contemporary silhouettes were given a traditional spin. Designer Punit Balana too made his models walk wearing indo-western garments. He paired a dhoti with a jacket to showcase fusion beautifully. MonotoneMonotone clothing is a classic fashion trend. Designer Narendra Kumar Ahmed styled one of his models in a red monotone outfit. Designer Nakita Singh too decided to keep it simple yet chic while playing with single tones.  ChecksThis season saw models stepping out in checks of varying sizes. Designer Punit Balana too used checks extensively on his models. Tahweave, a sustainable everyday wear brand, showcased its models donning big, beautiful checks. Flora and fauna printFlora and fauna print has never been out of style. This time too, designers were spotted incorporating it in their collections. Designer Nupur Kanoi showcased her models wearing floral print. Nakita Singh too took inspiration from nature and poured it into her designs. SheerEveryone’s favourite sheer dominated this season. Agami by Neha Agarwal walked its models in beautiful sheer outfits. Designer Siddhesh Chauhan too displayed his male models wearing sheer.																		Once considered boring, monotone has now become the crème de la crème. Monotone dressing has been ruling the ramps and streets alike for a long time. Spotted time and again during Lakmé Fashion Week (LFW) Winter/Festive 2018, we know that monotone is the trend of the season. Because of which we have picked five fresh monotone looks from the ramp to help you amp up your style game.Start with the basicsWe know monotone dressing could be risky at first and so you can play safe with an all-white outfit. Matching a white top with a white bottom may sound dull but try it once and you would fall in love with yourself. Here the model is wearing a Nakita Singh white top with a white bottom along with a dupatta.  Fashion maestroAll-black is the new black! Wear your perfect pair of black denims with a matching top and complete your look with a black belt and boots. This look would never disappoint you. Here the model is wearing a Mishru black sheer outfit.  NudesNudes are the way to go! A nude bodycon dress looks stylish and hella sexy! Here the model is wearing a Jayanti Reddy all-nude embellished ethnic wear perfect for a wedding.  Go boldOnce you become accustomed to montones, try giving more personality to your look by adding a jacket to your outfit. Here the model is wearing a Mishru fusion wear dress with the same coloured jacket.  Add printsPrinted monotones are in! Try experimenting with prints for a fun look. Here the model is wearing a Mohammed Mazhar chequered all-red outfit. Image credits- Yogen Shah																		Once considered boring, monotone has now become the crème de la crème. Monotone dressing has been ruling the ramps and streets alike for a long time. Spotted time and again during Lakmé Fashion Week (LFW) Winter/Festive 2018, we know that monotone is the trend of the season. Because of which we have picked five fresh monotone looks from the ramp to help you amp up your style game.Start with the basicsWe know monotone dressing could be risky at first and so you can play safe with an all-white outfit. Matching a white top with a white bottom may sound dull but try it once and you would fall in love with yourself. Here the model is wearing a Nakita Singh white top with a white bottom along with a dupatta.  Fashion maestroAll-black is the new black! Wear your perfect pair of black denims with a matching top and complete your look with a black belt and boots. This look would never disappoint you. Here the model is wearing a Mishru black sheer outfit.  NudesNudes are the way to go! A nude bodycon dress looks stylish and hella sexy! Here the model is wearing a Jayanti Reddy all-nude embellished ethnic wear perfect for a wedding.  Go boldOnce you become accustomed to montones, try giving more personality to your look by adding a jacket to your outfit. Here the model is wearing a Mishru fusion wear dress with the same coloured jacket.  Add printsPrinted monotones are in! Try experimenting with prints for a fun look. Here the model is wearing a Mohammed Mazhar chequered all-red outfit. Image credits- Yogen Shah					FusionDay 5 of the fashion week witnessed western wear hugging ethnic wear. The label Mishru showcased an indo-western collection, where contemporary silhouettes were given a traditional spin. Designer Punit Balana too made his models walk wearing indo-western garments. He paired a dhoti with a jacket to showcase fusion beautifully. MonotoneMonotone clothing is a classic fashion trend. Designer Narendra Kumar Ahmed styled one of his models in a red monotone outfit. Designer Nakita Singh too decided to keep it simple yet chic while playing with single tones.  ChecksThis season saw models stepping out in checks of varying sizes. Designer Punit Balana too used checks extensively on his models. Tahweave, a sustainable everyday wear brand, showcased its models donning big, beautiful checks. Flora and fauna printFlora and fauna print has never been out of style. This time too, designers were spotted incorporating it in their collections. Designer Nupur Kanoi showcased her models wearing floral print. Nakita Singh too took inspiration from nature and poured it into her designs. SheerEveryone’s favourite sheer dominated this season. Agami by Neha Agarwal walked its models in beautiful sheer outfits. Designer Siddhesh Chauhan too displayed his male models wearing sheer.					FusionDay 5 of the fashion week witnessed western wear hugging ethnic wear. The label Mishru showcased an indo-western collection, where contemporary silhouettes were given a traditional spin. Designer Punit Balana too made his models walk wearing indo-western garments. He paired a dhoti with a jacket to showcase fusion beautifully. MonotoneMonotone clothing is a classic fashion trend. Designer Narendra Kumar Ahmed styled one of his models in a red monotone outfit. Designer Nakita Singh too decided to keep it simple yet chic while playing with single tones.  ChecksThis season saw models stepping out in checks of varying sizes. Designer Punit Balana too used checks extensively on his models. Tahweave, a sustainable everyday wear brand, showcased its models donning big, beautiful checks. Flora and fauna printFlora and fauna print has never been out of style. This time too, designers were spotted incorporating it in their collections. Designer Nupur Kanoi showcased her models wearing floral print. Nakita Singh too took inspiration from nature and poured it into her designs. SheerEveryone’s favourite sheer dominated this season. Agami by Neha Agarwal walked its models in beautiful sheer outfits. Designer Siddhesh Chauhan too displayed his male models wearing sheer.					Deconstructed shirtThe trend of deconstructed clothing has been around for a while now. Here at the Lakmé  Fashion Week we witnessed designers playing with this trend. The models at Kanika Goyal were spotted showcasing the deconstructed shirt.Collection by Caprese X Shift also saw some of its models walking the ramp in deconstructed shirts. StripesDesigner Kallol Datta used stripes extensively in his collection this season.Arpita Mehta too was seen playing with stripes in her latest collection. FlatsFlats are the new heels indeed! The models walked in flats for the label, Shanti.The models of Caprese X Shift too walked the ramp in flats with utmost style and ease. RufflesClaiming ruffles to be her favourite fashion trend, Arpita Mehta’s collection was full of twirling colourful ruffles.Collection by Kartikeya and Misfit Panda too witnessed ruffles on its models. JacketsA fashion add-on that never goes out of style marked its territory at the fashion extravaganza as well. Designer Arpita Mehta used jackets with different silhouettes and prints on her models.Armaan Randhawa’s models too were seen donning bright coloured printed jackets.					The Indian hoodieOr as I like to call it—the modern ghoonghat. Looks like our designers are putting an ethnic spin on ways to accessorise your head.As seen here: Rajesh Pratap Singh and Ka-sha Belts over everythingBelts over saris, belts over dresses and belts over maxi dresses—cinch the waist to frame the new-season silhouette. Extra points if you experiment with shapes.As seen here: Lars Andersson, RmKV silks and Vriksh by Gunjan Jain Light scarvesBarely-there fabrics that are there only to dress up the necks. Jewellery is passé. Get your hands on these airy scarves instead.As seen here: Eka, RmKV silks Dress over a dressThis is a little extreme, and we advise you to play with a sheer and opaque fabrics if you are at it. But the results are definitely Instagram-worthy.As seen here: Buna studio, Eka White on white on whiteIf two white layers were not enough, Rajesh Pratap Singh added one extra to the mix. A great option for all minimalist-lovers out there. And if you are afraid to add one more layers, then go for white accessories.As seen here: Rajesh Pratap Singh, Lars Andersson					Deconstructed shirtThe trend of deconstructed clothing has been around for a while now. Here at the Lakmé  Fashion Week we witnessed designers playing with this trend. The models at Kanika Goyal were spotted showcasing the deconstructed shirt.Collection by Caprese X Shift also saw some of its models walking the ramp in deconstructed shirts. StripesDesigner Kallol Datta used stripes extensively in his collection this season.Arpita Mehta too was seen playing with stripes in her latest collection. FlatsFlats are the new heels indeed! The models walked in flats for the label, Shanti.The models of Caprese X Shift too walked the ramp in flats with utmost style and ease. RufflesClaiming ruffles to be her favourite fashion trend, Arpita Mehta’s collection was full of twirling colourful ruffles.Collection by Kartikeya and Misfit Panda too witnessed ruffles on its models. JacketsA fashion add-on that never goes out of style marked its territory at the fashion extravaganza as well. Designer Arpita Mehta used jackets with different silhouettes and prints on her models.Armaan Randhawa’s models too were seen donning bright coloured printed jackets.					Deconstructed shirtThe trend of deconstructed clothing has been around for a while now. Here at the Lakmé  Fashion Week we witnessed designers playing with this trend. The models at Kanika Goyal were spotted showcasing the deconstructed shirt.Collection by Caprese X Shift also saw some of its models walking the ramp in deconstructed shirts. StripesDesigner Kallol Datta used stripes extensively in his collection this season.Arpita Mehta too was seen playing with stripes in her latest collection. FlatsFlats are the new heels indeed! The models walked in flats for the label, Shanti.The models of Caprese X Shift too walked the ramp in flats with utmost style and ease. RufflesClaiming ruffles to be her favourite fashion trend, Arpita Mehta’s collection was full of twirling colourful ruffles.Collection by Kartikeya and Misfit Panda too witnessed ruffles on its models. JacketsA fashion add-on that never goes out of style marked its territory at the fashion extravaganza as well. Designer Arpita Mehta used jackets with different silhouettes and prints on her models.Armaan Randhawa’s models too were seen donning bright coloured printed jackets.					The Indian hoodieOr as I like to call it—the modern ghoonghat. Looks like our designers are putting an ethnic spin on ways to accessorise your head.As seen here: Rajesh Pratap Singh and Ka-sha Belts over everythingBelts over saris, belts over dresses and belts over maxi dresses—cinch the waist to frame the new-season silhouette. Extra points if you experiment with shapes.As seen here: Lars Andersson, RmKV silks and Vriksh by Gunjan Jain Light scarvesBarely-there fabrics that are there only to dress up the necks. Jewellery is passé. Get your hands on these airy scarves instead.As seen here: Eka, RmKV silks Dress over a dressThis is a little extreme, and we advise you to play with a sheer and opaque fabrics if you are at it. But the results are definitely Instagram-worthy.As seen here: Buna studio, Eka White on white on whiteIf two white layers were not enough, Rajesh Pratap Singh added one extra to the mix. A great option for all minimalist-lovers out there. And if you are afraid to add one more layers, then go for white accessories.As seen here: Rajesh Pratap Singh, Lars Andersson					The Indian hoodieOr as I like to call it—the modern ghoonghat. Looks like our designers are putting an ethnic spin on ways to accessorise your head.As seen here: Rajesh Pratap Singh and Ka-sha Belts over everythingBelts over saris, belts over dresses and belts over maxi dresses—cinch the waist to frame the new-season silhouette. Extra points if you experiment with shapes.As seen here: Lars Andersson, RmKV silks and Vriksh by Gunjan Jain Light scarvesBarely-there fabrics that are there only to dress up the necks. Jewellery is passé. Get your hands on these airy scarves instead.As seen here: Eka, RmKV silks Dress over a dressThis is a little extreme, and we advise you to play with a sheer and opaque fabrics if you are at it. But the results are definitely Instagram-worthy.As seen here: Buna studio, Eka White on white on whiteIf two white layers were not enough, Rajesh Pratap Singh added one extra to the mix. A great option for all minimalist-lovers out there. And if you are afraid to add one more layers, then go for white accessories.As seen here: Rajesh Pratap Singh, Lars Andersson					Shine onThe Abraham and Thakore show had models stepping out wearing ensembles perfect for high-end occasions and extravagant parties.The all-black outfit with gold sprinkled over it is perfect for an evening affair, and Urvashi Joneja made sure to add a little shine to her vibrant line. Belts everywhereVrisa by Rahul and Shikha gave a contemporary spin to ethnic wear, using belts to accentuate models’ curves.Amrich: by Richard Pandav and Amit Vijay was for the bold and beautiful. The creative use of bright colours, patterns and silhouettes along with belts made the line exceptionally breathtaking. Vibrancy at its bestBright and vibrant colours were the highlight of LFW Day 1. Urvashi Joneja, who is known to play with colours, didn’t shy away this time too and used different shades of neon at LFW Day 1.Amrich: by Richard Pandav and Amit Vijay too couldn’t resist throwing colours in their collection and as a result, models shone brightly at their show. All-black The love for the colour black is eternal. Gen-next designer Shweta Kapur made her debut with a line inspired by women on-the-go. She showcased models in all-black outfits with travelling bags.Richard Pandav and Amit Vijay of Amrich: were also spotted experimenting with all-black ensembles. 													 Flared pantsIn today’s world, designers are all about comfort. AM:PM by Ankur and Priyanka Modi threw an exceptionally mesmerising show, where they paired long and flared pants with perfectly cut blouses.Chola by Sohaya Misra left everyone in awe with her garments and use of accessories. In addition to experimenting with flared pants, she exclusively showed inclusivity in her collection and models.					Shine onThe Abraham and Thakore show had models stepping out wearing ensembles perfect for high-end occasions and extravagant parties.The all-black outfit with gold sprinkled over it is perfect for an evening affair, and Urvashi Joneja made sure to add a little shine to her vibrant line. Belts everywhereVrisa by Rahul and Shikha gave a contemporary spin to ethnic wear, using belts to accentuate models’ curves.Amrich: by Richard Pandav and Amit Vijay was for the bold and beautiful. The creative use of bright colours, patterns and silhouettes along with belts made the line exceptionally breathtaking. Vibrancy at its bestBright and vibrant colours were the highlight of LFW Day 1. Urvashi Joneja, who is known to play with colours, didn’t shy away this time too and used different shades of neon at LFW Day 1.Amrich: by Richard Pandav and Amit Vijay too couldn’t resist throwing colours in their collection and as a result, models shone brightly at their show. All-black The love for the colour black is eternal. Gen-next designer Shweta Kapur made her debut with a line inspired by women on-the-go. She showcased models in all-black outfits with travelling bags.Richard Pandav and Amit Vijay of Amrich: were also spotted experimenting with all-black ensembles. 													 Flared pantsIn today’s world, designers are all about comfort. AM:PM by Ankur and Priyanka Modi threw an exceptionally mesmerising show, where they paired long and flared pants with perfectly cut blouses.Chola by Sohaya Misra left everyone in awe with her garments and use of accessories. In addition to experimenting with flared pants, she exclusively showed inclusivity in her collection and models.					Shine onThe Abraham and Thakore show had models stepping out wearing ensembles perfect for high-end occasions and extravagant parties.The all-black outfit with gold sprinkled over it is perfect for an evening affair, and Urvashi Joneja made sure to add a little shine to her vibrant line. Belts everywhereVrisa by Rahul and Shikha gave a contemporary spin to ethnic wear, using belts to accentuate models’ curves.Amrich: by Richard Pandav and Amit Vijay was for the bold and beautiful. The creative use of bright colours, patterns and silhouettes along with belts made the line exceptionally breathtaking. Vibrancy at its bestBright and vibrant colours were the highlight of LFW Day 1. Urvashi Joneja, who is known to play with colours, didn’t shy away this time too and used different shades of neon at LFW Day 1.Amrich: by Richard Pandav and Amit Vijay too couldn’t resist throwing colours in their collection and as a result, models shone brightly at their show. All-black The love for the colour black is eternal. Gen-next designer Shweta Kapur made her debut with a line inspired by women on-the-go. She showcased models in all-black outfits with travelling bags.Richard Pandav and Amit Vijay of Amrich: were also spotted experimenting with all-black ensembles. 													 Flared pantsIn today’s world, designers are all about comfort. AM:PM by Ankur and Priyanka Modi threw an exceptionally mesmerising show, where they paired long and flared pants with perfectly cut blouses.Chola by Sohaya Misra left everyone in awe with her garments and use of accessories. In addition to experimenting with flared pants, she exclusively showed inclusivity in her collection and models.					The big news—lilac is set for a major comeback. This year is all about pastel colours, from runways to the fashion streets. Be it shades of almond or subtle hues of cream and pink, this one fashion trend is here to stay for a long time. Find out five different ways you can style these ice cream colours right: Wear a pastel coloured sweater over a simple white T-shirt or top. Pair it with distressed jeans and casual shoes. Add a shoulder bag to the outfit.  Style a striped monochrome top with a pair of black skinny jeans and don a pastel coloured shrug over it. Wear comfortable loafers and a sling bag to complete the look. Pair a tie-up striped top with a pastel mini skirt along with a handbag. Add flats for a casual look.  Wear a printed dress with beige heels ideal for a party look. Also, add a plain pastel coloured bag to offset the prints. Style a printed pastel top with a printed bright skirt for a daring yet fun look. Complete the outfit with a pair of stylish sandals.					Factors like comfort and the rise of casual wear like kurti-palazzo duo has led to fusion wear being one of the most followed trends this season. Today’s women want to combine contemporary styles with a hint of vintage charm. Thus, it becomes all the more important for you to pair the two separates right. Here we tell you five different ways you can style Indo-western outfits: Style a high-low kurti with boyfriend or casual jeans. Add a saddle bag and a pair of oxford shoes to complete the look. Jacket style kurti with a pair of palazzos is appropriate for both college and work. Wear it with loafers or slip-ons. Wear a printed kurta with a pair of printed palazzos for a bold and beautiful fashion statement. Complete the outfit with white sneakers to offset the prints. Don a shirt-style kurta with a pair of well-fitted trousers and add casual shoes to the look. Pair a kurti dress with trousers which is ideal for a casual day out with friends. Carry a tote bag to complete the look effortlessly.					The big news—lilac is set for a major comeback. This year is all about pastel colours, from runways to the fashion streets. Be it shades of almond or subtle hues of cream and pink, this one fashion trend is here to stay for a long time. Find out five different ways you can style these ice cream colours right: Wear a pastel coloured sweater over a simple white T-shirt or top. Pair it with distressed jeans and casual shoes. Add a shoulder bag to the outfit.  Style a striped monochrome top with a pair of black skinny jeans and don a pastel coloured shrug over it. Wear comfortable loafers and a sling bag to complete the look. Pair a tie-up striped top with a pastel mini skirt along with a handbag. Add flats for a casual look.  Wear a printed dress with beige heels ideal for a party look. Also, add a plain pastel coloured bag to offset the prints. Style a printed pastel top with a printed bright skirt for a daring yet fun look. Complete the outfit with a pair of stylish sandals.					The big news—lilac is set for a major comeback. This year is all about pastel colours, from runways to the fashion streets. Be it shades of almond or subtle hues of cream and pink, this one fashion trend is here to stay for a long time. Find out five different ways you can style these ice cream colours right: Wear a pastel coloured sweater over a simple white T-shirt or top. Pair it with distressed jeans and casual shoes. Add a shoulder bag to the outfit.  Style a striped monochrome top with a pair of black skinny jeans and don a pastel coloured shrug over it. Wear comfortable loafers and a sling bag to complete the look. Pair a tie-up striped top with a pastel mini skirt along with a handbag. Add flats for a casual look.  Wear a printed dress with beige heels ideal for a party look. Also, add a plain pastel coloured bag to offset the prints. Style a printed pastel top with a printed bright skirt for a daring yet fun look. Complete the outfit with a pair of stylish sandals.					Factors like comfort and the rise of casual wear like kurti-palazzo duo has led to fusion wear being one of the most followed trends this season. Today’s women want to combine contemporary styles with a hint of vintage charm. Thus, it becomes all the more important for you to pair the two separates right. Here we tell you five different ways you can style Indo-western outfits: Style a high-low kurti with boyfriend or casual jeans. Add a saddle bag and a pair of oxford shoes to complete the look. Jacket style kurti with a pair of palazzos is appropriate for both college and work. Wear it with loafers or slip-ons. Wear a printed kurta with a pair of printed palazzos for a bold and beautiful fashion statement. Complete the outfit with white sneakers to offset the prints. Don a shirt-style kurta with a pair of well-fitted trousers and add casual shoes to the look. Pair a kurti dress with trousers which is ideal for a casual day out with friends. Carry a tote bag to complete the look effortlessly.					Factors like comfort and the rise of casual wear like kurti-palazzo duo has led to fusion wear being one of the most followed trends this season. Today’s women want to combine contemporary styles with a hint of vintage charm. Thus, it becomes all the more important for you to pair the two separates right. Here we tell you five different ways you can style Indo-western outfits: Style a high-low kurti with boyfriend or casual jeans. Add a saddle bag and a pair of oxford shoes to complete the look. Jacket style kurti with a pair of palazzos is appropriate for both college and work. Wear it with loafers or slip-ons. Wear a printed kurta with a pair of printed palazzos for a bold and beautiful fashion statement. Complete the outfit with white sneakers to offset the prints. Don a shirt-style kurta with a pair of well-fitted trousers and add casual shoes to the look. Pair a kurti dress with trousers which is ideal for a casual day out with friends. Carry a tote bag to complete the look effortlessly.					We can’t exactly pinpoint the time when outlandish became fashionable, but it should be around the time when designers like Virgil Abloh and Demna Gvasalia burst onto the scene (of course, Alessandro Michele being the flagbearer). In the past few months, we have witnessed crocs get a couture update, and sunglasses go ridiculously tiny. But what has the caught the fancy of It-girls around the world and even our B-Town club is the ugly sneaker. Inspired from the trainers once seen in your dad’s footwear closet in the ’90s, these oversized sneakers are the epitome of cool today. How to identify them—well look for chunky shapes, stacked sole and (most probably) a fashion-forward celeb rocking these with their on-point style. Here’s proof. We also tell you where to snag a pair at different price points.Janhvi Kapoor's got more than two. Definitely eyeing Aryan Khan and his mismatched pair of Balenciaga.Kareena Kapoor Khan makes it a point to coordinate her outifts well.Not far behind is bestie Karan Johar, who probably was spotted in those Balenciaga sneakers first.Ishaan Khatter also made it to our list with this pair of Nike.Varun Dhawan in this uber-cool pair.Get them:Nubuck and mesh sneakers, price on request, Balenciaga Leather sneakers, price on request, Chloé Leather sneakers, price on request, Louis Vuitton PU sneakers, Rs 3,990, Zara.com/in Polyester sneakers, Rs 2,699, Hm.com Leather trainers, Rs 6,499, Adidas Classics @ Koovs.com We can’t exactly pinpoint the time when outlandish became fashionable, but it should be around the time when designers like Virgil Abloh and Demna Gvasalia burst onto the scene (of course, Alessandro Michele being the flagbearer). In the past few months, we have witnessed crocs get a couture update, and sunglasses go ridiculously tiny. But what has the caught the fancy of It-girls around the world and even our B-Town club is the ugly sneaker. Inspired from the trainers once seen in your dad’s footwear closet in the ’90s, these oversized sneakers are the epitome of cool today. How to identify them—well look for chunky shapes, stacked sole and (most probably) a fashion-forward celeb rocking these with their on-point style. Here’s proof. We also tell you where to snag a pair at different price points.Janhvi Kapoor's got more than two. Definitely eyeing Aryan Khan and his mismatched pair of Balenciaga.Kareena Kapoor Khan makes it a point to coordinate her outifts well.Not far behind is bestie Karan Johar, who probably was spotted in those Balenciaga sneakers first.Ishaan Khatter also made it to our list with this pair of Nike.Varun Dhawan in this uber-cool pair.Get them:Nubuck and mesh sneakers, price on request, Balenciaga Leather sneakers, price on request, Chloé Leather sneakers, price on request, Louis Vuitton PU sneakers, Rs 3,990, Zara.com/in Polyester sneakers, Rs 2,699, Hm.com Leather trainers, Rs 6,499, Adidas Classics @ Koovs.com We can’t exactly pinpoint the time when outlandish became fashionable, but it should be around the time when designers like Virgil Abloh and Demna Gvasalia burst onto the scene (of course, Alessandro Michele being the flagbearer). In the past few months, we have witnessed crocs get a couture update, and sunglasses go ridiculously tiny. But what has the caught the fancy of It-girls around the world and even our B-Town club is the ugly sneaker. Inspired from the trainers once seen in your dad’s footwear closet in the ’90s, these oversized sneakers are the epitome of cool today. How to identify them—well look for chunky shapes, stacked sole and (most probably) a fashion-forward celeb rocking these with their on-point style. Here’s proof. We also tell you where to snag a pair at different price points.Janhvi Kapoor's got more than two. Definitely eyeing Aryan Khan and his mismatched pair of Balenciaga.Kareena Kapoor Khan makes it a point to coordinate her outifts well.Not far behind is bestie Karan Johar, who probably was spotted in those Balenciaga sneakers first.Ishaan Khatter also made it to our list with this pair of Nike.Varun Dhawan in this uber-cool pair.Get them:Nubuck and mesh sneakers, price on request, Balenciaga Leather sneakers, price on request, Chloé Leather sneakers, price on request, Louis Vuitton PU sneakers, Rs 3,990, Zara.com/in Polyester sneakers, Rs 2,699, Hm.com Leather trainers, Rs 6,499, Adidas Classics @ Koovs.com 													We are jumping and cheering (pom-poms in hand) as old-school sportswear comes into focus. Cher Horowitz will totally approve of these popular high-collared jackets, oversized logos and sneakers from Forest Gump’s closet. The big comebackUgly sneakers have sneakily made an appearance everywhere. Blame the trend on the inability to leave the 90s behind.On Naisha: Mesh sports bra, Rs 2,595, Nike; polyester skirt, Rs 2,590, Zara; knitted long cardigan, Rs 7,490, Massimo Dutti; cotton socks, Rs 899, adidas; leather block heels, Rs 3,299, Truffle Collection; acetate sunglasses, Rs 7,499, VogueOn Neelaksh: Cotton polo T-shirt, Rs 1,699, Jack & Jones; satin finish trousers, Rs 1,790; cotton bomber jacket, Rs 4,599, Tommy Hilfiger; suede sneakers, Rs 2,499, North Star by Bata; cotton cap, Rs 1,299, adidas The short of itWe can deny it no longer that short skirts and crop tops have been our all-time favourites, especially when paired with funky, colourful and the dopest scrunchies. Linen twin set, Rs 5,951, Nor Black Nor White; gold finished brass metal earrings, Rs 3,400, Eurumme Power pairWe do love the idea of pairing the chicest outfit – a blazer and pink skirt – with comfortable shoes, as we rush around during the busy work week.On Naisha: Cotton blend T-shirt, Rs 1,999; viscose shorts, Rs 1,799; viscose double-breasted jacket, Rs 2,999, all H&M; coloured socks, stylist’s own; leather pointy heels, Rs 51,500, Christian Louboutin.On Neelaksh: Cotton polo neck t-shirt, Rs 1,699, Jack & Jones; sheeter shorts, Rs 12,950; Shivan & Narresh; light weight fabric jacket, price on request, Nike; cotton socks, Rs 899, adidas; leather white shoes, Rs 2,999, North Star by Bata; gold plated watch, Rs 9,900, Just Cavalli Pencil caseLaid-back sets are every man’s downtime dream. Choose a head-to-toe neutral hue and break it with contrasting accessories.Linen shirt, Rs 4,800, linen pants, Rs 4,000, both CORD; suede-panelled sneakers, Rs 13,999, adidas; gold-plated watch, Rs 9,900, Just Cavalli; leather bag, price on request, Longchamp Run the streetsIt’s a great mix of functionality with nuance when you combine tailored trousers with a check jacket. Take this look, with monochrome sneakers, to the streets.Georgette shirt, price on request; pleated pants, price on request; tweed jacket, price on request, all Dior; cotton socks, Rs 899, adidas; gold plated earrings with semi-precious stone, Rs 4,000, Varnika Arora Go big or go homeIt’s the ‘90s all over again – oversized T-shirt underneath matching sets. Wear this look beyond tennis courts.Cotton T-shirt, Rs 2,999, adidas; linen pants, Rs 10,800; linen jacket, Rs 12,000, both Shift; metal watch, Rs 12,000, Just Cavalli Game changerA cropped sweatshirt can be transformed into an ‘It-girl’ outfit with the perfect pair of stripes. Polyester blouse, Rs 799, Zara; chevron patterned skirt, price on request, Fendi; cotton socks, Rs 899, adidas; Faux leather shoes, price on request, Michael Kors; cotton jacket, Rs 4,999, adidas; studded stones earrings, Rs 5,500, Sameer Madan. Finishing touchesGrab your most accessible, cultured staple – polo tees – and pair them with high-waisted shorts for a vintage-inspired look. On Naisha: Cotton long dress with stripes, `3,490, Massimo Dutti; gold finished brass metal earrings, `3,200, Eurumme.On Neelaksh: Jersey T-shirt, Rs 8,900, Shivan & Narresh; Linen pants , Rs 17,006, Verandah Suit upTracksuits have become summer-appropriate. The bomber and track combination is more relevant than ever, even if it is for boardroom meetings. Cotton jacket, price on request; cotton pants, price on request, both Pawan Sachdeva; cotton T-shirt, Rs 2,599, Jack & JonesPhotographer: Vinay Javkar; Hair and makeup Artist: Tashi (Inega); Models: Naisha Bhargabi & Neelaksh Apte (Anima Creative Management); Fashion stylist and shoot co-ordinator: Akshita Singh; Interns: Shirsa Ghosh, Bhoomi Mistry; RETOUCHED BY: Vikas Kamble																		We are jumping and cheering (pom-poms in hand) as old-school sportswear comes into focus. Cher Horowitz will totally approve of these popular high-collared jackets, oversized logos and sneakers from Forest Gump’s closet. The big comebackUgly sneakers have sneakily made an appearance everywhere. Blame the trend on the inability to leave the 90s behind.On Naisha: Mesh sports bra, Rs 2,595, Nike; polyester skirt, Rs 2,590, Zara; knitted long cardigan, Rs 7,490, Massimo Dutti; cotton socks, Rs 899, adidas; leather block heels, Rs 3,299, Truffle Collection; acetate sunglasses, Rs 7,499, VogueOn Neelaksh: Cotton polo T-shirt, Rs 1,699, Jack & Jones; satin finish trousers, Rs 1,790; cotton bomber jacket, Rs 4,599, Tommy Hilfiger; suede sneakers, Rs 2,499, North Star by Bata; cotton cap, Rs 1,299, adidas The short of itWe can deny it no longer that short skirts and crop tops have been our all-time favourites, especially when paired with funky, colourful and the dopest scrunchies. Linen twin set, Rs 5,951, Nor Black Nor White; gold finished brass metal earrings, Rs 3,400, Eurumme Power pairWe do love the idea of pairing the chicest outfit – a blazer and pink skirt – with comfortable shoes, as we rush around during the busy work week.On Naisha: Cotton blend T-shirt, Rs 1,999; viscose shorts, Rs 1,799; viscose double-breasted jacket, Rs 2,999, all H&M; coloured socks, stylist’s own; leather pointy heels, Rs 51,500, Christian Louboutin.On Neelaksh: Cotton polo neck t-shirt, Rs 1,699, Jack & Jones; sheeter shorts, Rs 12,950; Shivan & Narresh; light weight fabric jacket, price on request, Nike; cotton socks, Rs 899, adidas; leather white shoes, Rs 2,999, North Star by Bata; gold plated watch, Rs 9,900, Just Cavalli Pencil caseLaid-back sets are every man’s downtime dream. Choose a head-to-toe neutral hue and break it with contrasting accessories.Linen shirt, Rs 4,800, linen pants, Rs 4,000, both CORD; suede-panelled sneakers, Rs 13,999, adidas; gold-plated watch, Rs 9,900, Just Cavalli; leather bag, price on request, Longchamp Run the streetsIt’s a great mix of functionality with nuance when you combine tailored trousers with a check jacket. Take this look, with monochrome sneakers, to the streets.Georgette shirt, price on request; pleated pants, price on request; tweed jacket, price on request, all Dior; cotton socks, Rs 899, adidas; gold plated earrings with semi-precious stone, Rs 4,000, Varnika Arora Go big or go homeIt’s the ‘90s all over again – oversized T-shirt underneath matching sets. Wear this look beyond tennis courts.Cotton T-shirt, Rs 2,999, adidas; linen pants, Rs 10,800; linen jacket, Rs 12,000, both Shift; metal watch, Rs 12,000, Just Cavalli Game changerA cropped sweatshirt can be transformed into an ‘It-girl’ outfit with the perfect pair of stripes. Polyester blouse, Rs 799, Zara; chevron patterned skirt, price on request, Fendi; cotton socks, Rs 899, adidas; Faux leather shoes, price on request, Michael Kors; cotton jacket, Rs 4,999, adidas; studded stones earrings, Rs 5,500, Sameer Madan. Finishing touchesGrab your most accessible, cultured staple – polo tees – and pair them with high-waisted shorts for a vintage-inspired look. On Naisha: Cotton long dress with stripes, `3,490, Massimo Dutti; gold finished brass metal earrings, `3,200, Eurumme.On Neelaksh: Jersey T-shirt, Rs 8,900, Shivan & Narresh; Linen pants , Rs 17,006, Verandah Suit upTracksuits have become summer-appropriate. The bomber and track combination is more relevant than ever, even if it is for boardroom meetings. Cotton jacket, price on request; cotton pants, price on request, both Pawan Sachdeva; cotton T-shirt, Rs 2,599, Jack & JonesPhotographer: Vinay Javkar; Hair and makeup Artist: Tashi (Inega); Models: Naisha Bhargabi & Neelaksh Apte (Anima Creative Management); Fashion stylist and shoot co-ordinator: Akshita Singh; Interns: Shirsa Ghosh, Bhoomi Mistry; RETOUCHED BY: Vikas Kamble																		We are jumping and cheering (pom-poms in hand) as old-school sportswear comes into focus. Cher Horowitz will totally approve of these popular high-collared jackets, oversized logos and sneakers from Forest Gump’s closet. The big comebackUgly sneakers have sneakily made an appearance everywhere. Blame the trend on the inability to leave the 90s behind.On Naisha: Mesh sports bra, Rs 2,595, Nike; polyester skirt, Rs 2,590, Zara; knitted long cardigan, Rs 7,490, Massimo Dutti; cotton socks, Rs 899, adidas; leather block heels, Rs 3,299, Truffle Collection; acetate sunglasses, Rs 7,499, VogueOn Neelaksh: Cotton polo T-shirt, Rs 1,699, Jack & Jones; satin finish trousers, Rs 1,790; cotton bomber jacket, Rs 4,599, Tommy Hilfiger; suede sneakers, Rs 2,499, North Star by Bata; cotton cap, Rs 1,299, adidas The short of itWe can deny it no longer that short skirts and crop tops have been our all-time favourites, especially when paired with funky, colourful and the dopest scrunchies. Linen twin set, Rs 5,951, Nor Black Nor White; gold finished brass metal earrings, Rs 3,400, Eurumme Power pairWe do love the idea of pairing the chicest outfit – a blazer and pink skirt – with comfortable shoes, as we rush around during the busy work week.On Naisha: Cotton blend T-shirt, Rs 1,999; viscose shorts, Rs 1,799; viscose double-breasted jacket, Rs 2,999, all H&M; coloured socks, stylist’s own; leather pointy heels, Rs 51,500, Christian Louboutin.On Neelaksh: Cotton polo neck t-shirt, Rs 1,699, Jack & Jones; sheeter shorts, Rs 12,950; Shivan & Narresh; light weight fabric jacket, price on request, Nike; cotton socks, Rs 899, adidas; leather white shoes, Rs 2,999, North Star by Bata; gold plated watch, Rs 9,900, Just Cavalli Pencil caseLaid-back sets are every man’s downtime dream. Choose a head-to-toe neutral hue and break it with contrasting accessories.Linen shirt, Rs 4,800, linen pants, Rs 4,000, both CORD; suede-panelled sneakers, Rs 13,999, adidas; gold-plated watch, Rs 9,900, Just Cavalli; leather bag, price on request, Longchamp Run the streetsIt’s a great mix of functionality with nuance when you combine tailored trousers with a check jacket. Take this look, with monochrome sneakers, to the streets.Georgette shirt, price on request; pleated pants, price on request; tweed jacket, price on request, all Dior; cotton socks, Rs 899, adidas; gold plated earrings with semi-precious stone, Rs 4,000, Varnika Arora Go big or go homeIt’s the ‘90s all over again – oversized T-shirt underneath matching sets. Wear this look beyond tennis courts.Cotton T-shirt, Rs 2,999, adidas; linen pants, Rs 10,800; linen jacket, Rs 12,000, both Shift; metal watch, Rs 12,000, Just Cavalli Game changerA cropped sweatshirt can be transformed into an ‘It-girl’ outfit with the perfect pair of stripes. Polyester blouse, Rs 799, Zara; chevron patterned skirt, price on request, Fendi; cotton socks, Rs 899, adidas; Faux leather shoes, price on request, Michael Kors; cotton jacket, Rs 4,999, adidas; studded stones earrings, Rs 5,500, Sameer Madan. Finishing touchesGrab your most accessible, cultured staple – polo tees – and pair them with high-waisted shorts for a vintage-inspired look. On Naisha: Cotton long dress with stripes, `3,490, Massimo Dutti; gold finished brass metal earrings, `3,200, Eurumme.On Neelaksh: Jersey T-shirt, Rs 8,900, Shivan & Narresh; Linen pants , Rs 17,006, Verandah Suit upTracksuits have become summer-appropriate. The bomber and track combination is more relevant than ever, even if it is for boardroom meetings. Cotton jacket, price on request; cotton pants, price on request, both Pawan Sachdeva; cotton T-shirt, Rs 2,599, Jack & JonesPhotographer: Vinay Javkar; Hair and makeup Artist: Tashi (Inega); Models: Naisha Bhargabi & Neelaksh Apte (Anima Creative Management); Fashion stylist and shoot co-ordinator: Akshita Singh; Interns: Shirsa Ghosh, Bhoomi Mistry; RETOUCHED BY: Vikas Kamble					There is nothing off about this trend, paradoxical to its name. Off-shoulder style has lived and thrived amongst us since the 1800s–the era of art, architecture, romance and fashion in the form of elaborate dresses. Having a feminine appeal and an ability to blend with different silhouettes has made it every woman’s wardrobe essential. From red carpet gowns to a girl’s go-to date clothing, off-shoulder has found its way everywhere and in everything. Even the Indian bridal wear designers are not spared and are often seen experimenting with the trend. The best thing about it? You need not worry about going to the gym and getting perfectly-toned shoulders— just hop in one of the exposed shoulder dresses and you are ready to go. Here are few ways you can style the trend:Shilpa Shetty KundraHere the actor Shilpa Shetty has styled an off-shoulder peace + love crop top with matching trousers and Zara heels. To accentuate her already beautiful collar bones, she has worn an Azotiique necklace.  Kangana RanautWhen was the last time you saw Kangana Ranaut not slaying? The actor has revamped her style game like no one else. Here she is wearing an off-shoulder Bibhu Mohapatra outfit with Lanvin shoes. That hairdo though! Chitrangda SinghBecause Chitrangda loves everything dramatic. Here she is wearing an off-shoulder, ruffled AlpanaNeeraj monochrome dress ideal for a romantic date.  Esha GuptaEsha Gupta has styled a Gemy Maalouf outfit here. She has styled an off-shoulder top with well-fitted bright-coloured trousers. Going minimal on accessories and makeup is the key, you know! Mouni RoyMouni Roy is wearing an off-shoulder Narendra Kumar dress here. The thigh-high slit and body-hugging style is accentuating Mouni’s curves perfectly. You know this dress is ideal if you want to leave people in awe and appreciation of your style.  Parineeti ChopraHere the actor Parineeti Chopra is wearing an open shoulder, deep neckline dress. The Shantanu & Nikhil floral gown is everything but boring and the actor surely knows how to pull it off well. Nushrat BharuchaWith the perfect cut-outs and colour-combination, Nushrat Bharucha is slaying this off-shoulder, Raquel Balencia flowy dress with utmost ease. This look is hands down ideal for a hot date. Photographs courtesy: Instagram and Yogen Shah					The one fashion trend everybody is endorsing is athleisure–a trend in which workout clothes are given a streetwear edge, so that they can be worn to the gym and beyond. B-town fashionistas like Kangana Ranaut, Alia Bhatt and Anushka Sharma are often seen in these fresh, sporty looks. The trend has been embraced by major high-fashion brands and has been spotted on the runways for a few seasons now. There are three things you definitely need to flaunt this look—a comfortable outfit, a cool pair of sneakers and a major dose of attitude. Let’s see five different ways of sporting athleisure: Pair a printed short sleeve T-shirt with track pants for a casual day out with friends. You can complete the look by wearing white sneakers for women or sport shoes.   A plain T-shirt paired with printed track pants is an ideal combination for a lazy college day. Add converse shoes to complete the outfit and look simply stylish.  A spunky jacket paired with distressed light-washed jeans is perfect for an airport look. Complete the look with brown boots.  You can accessorise a simple athleisure outfit by adding a cool backpack to it. Pair a tank top with classic joggers and you are ready for a movie date followed by a shopping spree. Complete the look with either white sneakers or sport shoes. Pair a casual tank top with training tights to look gym-ready. Add boots to your outfit instead of sneakers and you are good to hit the club at night.  					There is nothing off about this trend, paradoxical to its name. Off-shoulder style has lived and thrived amongst us since the 1800s–the era of art, architecture, romance and fashion in the form of elaborate dresses. Having a feminine appeal and an ability to blend with different silhouettes has made it every woman’s wardrobe essential. From red carpet gowns to a girl’s go-to date clothing, off-shoulder has found its way everywhere and in everything. Even the Indian bridal wear designers are not spared and are often seen experimenting with the trend. The best thing about it? You need not worry about going to the gym and getting perfectly-toned shoulders— just hop in one of the exposed shoulder dresses and you are ready to go. Here are few ways you can style the trend:Shilpa Shetty KundraHere the actor Shilpa Shetty has styled an off-shoulder peace + love crop top with matching trousers and Zara heels. To accentuate her already beautiful collar bones, she has worn an Azotiique necklace.  Kangana RanautWhen was the last time you saw Kangana Ranaut not slaying? The actor has revamped her style game like no one else. Here she is wearing an off-shoulder Bibhu Mohapatra outfit with Lanvin shoes. That hairdo though! Chitrangda SinghBecause Chitrangda loves everything dramatic. Here she is wearing an off-shoulder, ruffled AlpanaNeeraj monochrome dress ideal for a romantic date.  Esha GuptaEsha Gupta has styled a Gemy Maalouf outfit here. She has styled an off-shoulder top with well-fitted bright-coloured trousers. Going minimal on accessories and makeup is the key, you know! Mouni RoyMouni Roy is wearing an off-shoulder Narendra Kumar dress here. The thigh-high slit and body-hugging style is accentuating Mouni’s curves perfectly. You know this dress is ideal if you want to leave people in awe and appreciation of your style.  Parineeti ChopraHere the actor Parineeti Chopra is wearing an open shoulder, deep neckline dress. The Shantanu & Nikhil floral gown is everything but boring and the actor surely knows how to pull it off well. Nushrat BharuchaWith the perfect cut-outs and colour-combination, Nushrat Bharucha is slaying this off-shoulder, Raquel Balencia flowy dress with utmost ease. This look is hands down ideal for a hot date. Photographs courtesy: Instagram and Yogen Shah					There is nothing off about this trend, paradoxical to its name. Off-shoulder style has lived and thrived amongst us since the 1800s–the era of art, architecture, romance and fashion in the form of elaborate dresses. Having a feminine appeal and an ability to blend with different silhouettes has made it every woman’s wardrobe essential. From red carpet gowns to a girl’s go-to date clothing, off-shoulder has found its way everywhere and in everything. Even the Indian bridal wear designers are not spared and are often seen experimenting with the trend. The best thing about it? You need not worry about going to the gym and getting perfectly-toned shoulders— just hop in one of the exposed shoulder dresses and you are ready to go. Here are few ways you can style the trend:Shilpa Shetty KundraHere the actor Shilpa Shetty has styled an off-shoulder peace + love crop top with matching trousers and Zara heels. To accentuate her already beautiful collar bones, she has worn an Azotiique necklace.  Kangana RanautWhen was the last time you saw Kangana Ranaut not slaying? The actor has revamped her style game like no one else. Here she is wearing an off-shoulder Bibhu Mohapatra outfit with Lanvin shoes. That hairdo though! Chitrangda SinghBecause Chitrangda loves everything dramatic. Here she is wearing an off-shoulder, ruffled AlpanaNeeraj monochrome dress ideal for a romantic date.  Esha GuptaEsha Gupta has styled a Gemy Maalouf outfit here. She has styled an off-shoulder top with well-fitted bright-coloured trousers. Going minimal on accessories and makeup is the key, you know! Mouni RoyMouni Roy is wearing an off-shoulder Narendra Kumar dress here. The thigh-high slit and body-hugging style is accentuating Mouni’s curves perfectly. You know this dress is ideal if you want to leave people in awe and appreciation of your style.  Parineeti ChopraHere the actor Parineeti Chopra is wearing an open shoulder, deep neckline dress. The Shantanu & Nikhil floral gown is everything but boring and the actor surely knows how to pull it off well. Nushrat BharuchaWith the perfect cut-outs and colour-combination, Nushrat Bharucha is slaying this off-shoulder, Raquel Balencia flowy dress with utmost ease. This look is hands down ideal for a hot date. Photographs courtesy: Instagram and Yogen Shah					The one fashion trend everybody is endorsing is athleisure–a trend in which workout clothes are given a streetwear edge, so that they can be worn to the gym and beyond. B-town fashionistas like Kangana Ranaut, Alia Bhatt and Anushka Sharma are often seen in these fresh, sporty looks. The trend has been embraced by major high-fashion brands and has been spotted on the runways for a few seasons now. There are three things you definitely need to flaunt this look—a comfortable outfit, a cool pair of sneakers and a major dose of attitude. Let’s see five different ways of sporting athleisure: Pair a printed short sleeve T-shirt with track pants for a casual day out with friends. You can complete the look by wearing white sneakers for women or sport shoes.   A plain T-shirt paired with printed track pants is an ideal combination for a lazy college day. Add converse shoes to complete the outfit and look simply stylish.  A spunky jacket paired with distressed light-washed jeans is perfect for an airport look. Complete the look with brown boots.  You can accessorise a simple athleisure outfit by adding a cool backpack to it. Pair a tank top with classic joggers and you are ready for a movie date followed by a shopping spree. Complete the look with either white sneakers or sport shoes. Pair a casual tank top with training tights to look gym-ready. Add boots to your outfit instead of sneakers and you are good to hit the club at night.  					The one fashion trend everybody is endorsing is athleisure–a trend in which workout clothes are given a streetwear edge, so that they can be worn to the gym and beyond. B-town fashionistas like Kangana Ranaut, Alia Bhatt and Anushka Sharma are often seen in these fresh, sporty looks. The trend has been embraced by major high-fashion brands and has been spotted on the runways for a few seasons now. There are three things you definitely need to flaunt this look—a comfortable outfit, a cool pair of sneakers and a major dose of attitude. Let’s see five different ways of sporting athleisure: Pair a printed short sleeve T-shirt with track pants for a casual day out with friends. You can complete the look by wearing white sneakers for women or sport shoes.   A plain T-shirt paired with printed track pants is an ideal combination for a lazy college day. Add converse shoes to complete the outfit and look simply stylish.  A spunky jacket paired with distressed light-washed jeans is perfect for an airport look. Complete the look with brown boots.  You can accessorise a simple athleisure outfit by adding a cool backpack to it. Pair a tank top with classic joggers and you are ready for a movie date followed by a shopping spree. Complete the look with either white sneakers or sport shoes. Pair a casual tank top with training tights to look gym-ready. Add boots to your outfit instead of sneakers and you are good to hit the club at night.  					The one piece of clothing that can make any outfit look well-styled instantly is denim. Believed to be invented in 1873 by Jacob Devis and Levi Strauss, denim has come a long way since its inception. Today, it has forayed into footwear, accessories, furniture and even vehicles as seat covers. From the most eminent designers in the fashion fraternity to celebrities and even influencers, denim has spared no one and is everyone’s go-to clothing item. We tell you five ways you can style denim this season and look stunningly fashionable:What comes to your mind when you think of comfort and style together? A stylish pair of casual jeans indeed! Considered a wardrobe must-have, a pair of casual jeans could be styled with a simple, embellished T-shirt. To make the outfit look swish and smart, add-on a pair of white sneakers or flats.  When our favourite skinny jeans become a big no-no in the monsoon season, bootcut jeans come to our rescue. Pair them with a printed, chiffon shirt to keep your look easy-breezy. Complete this look by wearing crocs or slip-ons.  Wearing denim-on-denim is one fashion combination that can never go wrong. Style a well-fitted denim shirt with a slightly lighter shade of denim culottes and you’re ready to take on the world. Complete the look with floater sandals.   A-line skirts are in vogue! And what’s better than having them in denim. Don an off-shoulder, striped top over an A-line denim skirt to look perfect for a casual day out with friends. Pair the outfit with monsoon boots to complete the look. What is the perfect colour-combination you ask for women's fashion? White and denim hands down! Wear a printed white T-shirt, on skinny white jeans and pair them with a denim jacket. The entire ensemble exudes chicness. Complete the look with white sneakers.					Isn’t this statement the absolute truth? With the recent incident at Cannes 2018, where American actor Kristen Stewart was seen removing her heels on the red carpet as a protest against the film festival’s dress code—all female guests should wear heels–the message was crystal clear: No more telling us what to wear! With well-being as the topmost priority, women have consciously replaced the gut-wrenching experience of wearing stilettos with congenial foot candies, sneakers! According to a report by NPD’s group retail tracking service, sales of heels dropped by 12 per cent in the year 2017, while the sneakers market witnessed a boom of 37 per cent. Experts claim that other than factors like comfort and health concerns among women, one rationale seen for the decrease in the sales of heels is casualisation of every occasion. Let’s find out how Bollywood celebs are rocking the trend. One of the leading actors in Bollywood, Alia Bhatt flaunts her Madison pants and Adidas sneakers at the airport. Her off-white handbag, paired with the coolest pair of black shades, completes the athleisure look.  In her Alcoolique trench, Shopbop white crop top and Deme by Gabriella pants, Shraddha Kapoor slays this look in all its glory. The Zara shoes worn by the actor complete the outfit effortlessly.  When it comes to style, Malaika Arora can never go wrong. Here she styles an airport look by wearing a Narendra Kumar outfit.  Actor Mahira Khan looks exemplary in this perfectly styled outfit. Her flawless ensemble paired with YSL shoes oozes modishness and excellence.  When it comes to new trends, the Bollywood fashionista can never be left behind. Kareena Kapoor Khan looks simple yet stylish in this airport look. She wears an off-white shirt with a pair of well-fitted denims. The sporty sneakers complete the outfit with utmost ease.  Sophie Choudry surely knows how to pull off an all-denim attire. The Gucci shoes effortlessly complement her Topshop outfit and Claudie Pierlot jacket. The arm candy by Jimmy Choo and the Fendi glares complete the look.					The one piece of clothing that can make any outfit look well-styled instantly is denim. Believed to be invented in 1873 by Jacob Devis and Levi Strauss, denim has come a long way since its inception. Today, it has forayed into footwear, accessories, furniture and even vehicles as seat covers. From the most eminent designers in the fashion fraternity to celebrities and even influencers, denim has spared no one and is everyone’s go-to clothing item. We tell you five ways you can style denim this season and look stunningly fashionable:What comes to your mind when you think of comfort and style together? A stylish pair of casual jeans indeed! Considered a wardrobe must-have, a pair of casual jeans could be styled with a simple, embellished T-shirt. To make the outfit look swish and smart, add-on a pair of white sneakers or flats.  When our favourite skinny jeans become a big no-no in the monsoon season, bootcut jeans come to our rescue. Pair them with a printed, chiffon shirt to keep your look easy-breezy. Complete this look by wearing crocs or slip-ons.  Wearing denim-on-denim is one fashion combination that can never go wrong. Style a well-fitted denim shirt with a slightly lighter shade of denim culottes and you’re ready to take on the world. Complete the look with floater sandals.   A-line skirts are in vogue! And what’s better than having them in denim. Don an off-shoulder, striped top over an A-line denim skirt to look perfect for a casual day out with friends. Pair the outfit with monsoon boots to complete the look. What is the perfect colour-combination you ask for women's fashion? White and denim hands down! Wear a printed white T-shirt, on skinny white jeans and pair them with a denim jacket. The entire ensemble exudes chicness. Complete the look with white sneakers.					The one piece of clothing that can make any outfit look well-styled instantly is denim. Believed to be invented in 1873 by Jacob Devis and Levi Strauss, denim has come a long way since its inception. Today, it has forayed into footwear, accessories, furniture and even vehicles as seat covers. From the most eminent designers in the fashion fraternity to celebrities and even influencers, denim has spared no one and is everyone’s go-to clothing item. We tell you five ways you can style denim this season and look stunningly fashionable:What comes to your mind when you think of comfort and style together? A stylish pair of casual jeans indeed! Considered a wardrobe must-have, a pair of casual jeans could be styled with a simple, embellished T-shirt. To make the outfit look swish and smart, add-on a pair of white sneakers or flats.  When our favourite skinny jeans become a big no-no in the monsoon season, bootcut jeans come to our rescue. Pair them with a printed, chiffon shirt to keep your look easy-breezy. Complete this look by wearing crocs or slip-ons.  Wearing denim-on-denim is one fashion combination that can never go wrong. Style a well-fitted denim shirt with a slightly lighter shade of denim culottes and you’re ready to take on the world. Complete the look with floater sandals.   A-line skirts are in vogue! And what’s better than having them in denim. Don an off-shoulder, striped top over an A-line denim skirt to look perfect for a casual day out with friends. Pair the outfit with monsoon boots to complete the look. What is the perfect colour-combination you ask for women's fashion? White and denim hands down! Wear a printed white T-shirt, on skinny white jeans and pair them with a denim jacket. The entire ensemble exudes chicness. Complete the look with white sneakers.					Isn’t this statement the absolute truth? With the recent incident at Cannes 2018, where American actor Kristen Stewart was seen removing her heels on the red carpet as a protest against the film festival’s dress code—all female guests should wear heels–the message was crystal clear: No more telling us what to wear! With well-being as the topmost priority, women have consciously replaced the gut-wrenching experience of wearing stilettos with congenial foot candies, sneakers! According to a report by NPD’s group retail tracking service, sales of heels dropped by 12 per cent in the year 2017, while the sneakers market witnessed a boom of 37 per cent. Experts claim that other than factors like comfort and health concerns among women, one rationale seen for the decrease in the sales of heels is casualisation of every occasion. Let’s find out how Bollywood celebs are rocking the trend. One of the leading actors in Bollywood, Alia Bhatt flaunts her Madison pants and Adidas sneakers at the airport. Her off-white handbag, paired with the coolest pair of black shades, completes the athleisure look.  In her Alcoolique trench, Shopbop white crop top and Deme by Gabriella pants, Shraddha Kapoor slays this look in all its glory. The Zara shoes worn by the actor complete the outfit effortlessly.  When it comes to style, Malaika Arora can never go wrong. Here she styles an airport look by wearing a Narendra Kumar outfit.  Actor Mahira Khan looks exemplary in this perfectly styled outfit. Her flawless ensemble paired with YSL shoes oozes modishness and excellence.  When it comes to new trends, the Bollywood fashionista can never be left behind. Kareena Kapoor Khan looks simple yet stylish in this airport look. She wears an off-white shirt with a pair of well-fitted denims. The sporty sneakers complete the outfit with utmost ease.  Sophie Choudry surely knows how to pull off an all-denim attire. The Gucci shoes effortlessly complement her Topshop outfit and Claudie Pierlot jacket. The arm candy by Jimmy Choo and the Fendi glares complete the look.					Isn’t this statement the absolute truth? With the recent incident at Cannes 2018, where American actor Kristen Stewart was seen removing her heels on the red carpet as a protest against the film festival’s dress code—all female guests should wear heels–the message was crystal clear: No more telling us what to wear! With well-being as the topmost priority, women have consciously replaced the gut-wrenching experience of wearing stilettos with congenial foot candies, sneakers! According to a report by NPD’s group retail tracking service, sales of heels dropped by 12 per cent in the year 2017, while the sneakers market witnessed a boom of 37 per cent. Experts claim that other than factors like comfort and health concerns among women, one rationale seen for the decrease in the sales of heels is casualisation of every occasion. Let’s find out how Bollywood celebs are rocking the trend. One of the leading actors in Bollywood, Alia Bhatt flaunts her Madison pants and Adidas sneakers at the airport. Her off-white handbag, paired with the coolest pair of black shades, completes the athleisure look.  In her Alcoolique trench, Shopbop white crop top and Deme by Gabriella pants, Shraddha Kapoor slays this look in all its glory. The Zara shoes worn by the actor complete the outfit effortlessly.  When it comes to style, Malaika Arora can never go wrong. Here she styles an airport look by wearing a Narendra Kumar outfit.  Actor Mahira Khan looks exemplary in this perfectly styled outfit. Her flawless ensemble paired with YSL shoes oozes modishness and excellence.  When it comes to new trends, the Bollywood fashionista can never be left behind. Kareena Kapoor Khan looks simple yet stylish in this airport look. She wears an off-white shirt with a pair of well-fitted denims. The sporty sneakers complete the outfit with utmost ease.  Sophie Choudry surely knows how to pull off an all-denim attire. The Gucci shoes effortlessly complement her Topshop outfit and Claudie Pierlot jacket. The arm candy by Jimmy Choo and the Fendi glares complete the look.					It was 2011 when Quirk Box took root. Co-founded by Jayesh Sachdev, it was a venture to bring his art to many through fashion and décor. What he didn’t know was that all their products will be sold out within the first week. Their quirky – as their name rightly suggests – designs are well appreciated and have had many takers even amongst the celebs like Deepika Padukone, Ranveer Singh, Priyanka Chopra, Alia Bhatt, Parineeti Chopra, Amitabh and Abhishek Bachchan, Kangana Ranaut and Kajol. The brand defines itself as a fashion and lifestyle label that exudes wearable eccentricity. “That, in addition to rich colour, graphic art and playful sophistication define our essence,” Sachdev mentions in the brand information, “We are synonymous with all things fun, offbeat and quirky. Our exuberant approach to the everyday encourages personal style with a dash of incandescent charm. We call it life in technicolor.” An artist by passion, a designer by choice and a creative entrepreneur by vocation, Sachdev talks about the brand, his journey and making people a walking gallery. It shouldn’t have been such a surprise though. Sachdev is an artist, designer and entrepreneur. He graduated with a Degree in Visual Communication at Lasalle College of the Arts, Singapore and holds the national record for having painted India’s largest concept artwork. Alongside running the Quirk Box, he continues to practice as an artist, exhibiting through New York to Bombay. He has won many awards including British Council Young Arts Entrepreneurs India 2008, Tiger Translate India Arts Awards and Crow Bar Asia Advertising Awards and he is also a credited TEDx speaker. Apart from his art, he is an avid photographer and loves to play tennis. Quirk Box also, is an award-winning label, alongside its founder. It won the Best Urban Wear Label – India award at Grazia Young India Fashion Awards in 2015. They have showcased their collection at the Lakme Fashion Week since 2013. In previous interviews, the artist-designer who is inspired by Sabyasachi and Manish Arora told the story behind Quirk Box, “There is an oddity and sense of innovation that is a virtue of Quirk Box. This oddity, this quirkiness, and this implicit need to be original and fun put together are what we like to call the Quirk Box. We’re here to be different and carve a niche of our own in this ever-growing industry. The strategy is to only provide fresh, quirky and unimaginable designs to our customers and reach out to prospects that haven’t yet been exposed to quirky fashion and lifestyle.” Living up to its story and its name, each collection by this brand has been unique and out-of-the-box. Not one to follow trends, but to set them, he has kept true to the essence of the brand with each collection, having come up with new and interesting prints every time. “Our USP is our strong understanding of design and fashion and our inherent traits of wanting to create something original each time,” he explains, “We are not aping trends, even though our works have a very strong ‘pop art’ essence, we are neither imitating designs, nor finding inspiration from Bollywood/Hollywood or popular culture, we are constantly striving to create innovative art that spells individuality.” Sachdev and his brand are all about expressing their art through various mediums, and thus was the Quirk Box Design Studio born. “I am primarily a visual artist,” tells the man who believes that ‘design is art with a function and business is applying that design into context’, “I have no formal understanding of fashion. My art and illustration aesthetic are what makes Quirk Box distinguished. The art that is made for Quirk Box is put into fashion, but fashion is only one such medium onto which my art can be applied to. We can design your space, your business identity, textile prints, wedding cards… the scope is diverse and limitless.” Through this independent design studio, the design style that is inherently Quirk Box can be hired as a service and not just as a product. We have a tête-à-tête with Sachdev talking of the milestones he’s reached in his journey till now, his inspirations and aspirations. Can you tell in brief about your journey to date?It's been a decade that I've been an artist; so it’s clearly been a long and exciting one. I started out as a Jr. Art Director at an agency in Singapore, after graduating from an art school. I eventually moved back to India to start Emblem, my design studio. That didn’t initially kick off the way I'd have imagined and I occupied myself painting. Before I knew it, I'd become a full-time artist. I founded Emblem Tee, and the Emblem Art Gallery and later Quirk Box. I like to believe I'm a creative entrepreneur as much as an artist. Along the way I picked up a few accolades and awards, it's been a frustrating, enriching and a learning journey, and I'm probably not even close to halfway where I'd like to be. Were art and design something you wanted to pursue from the start?I wanted to write. I wanted to play tennis and football. When I didn’t end up pursuing those as career options, I had a strong idea that I would be inclined towards a Visual Arts career. What inspires you to create?There is something magical and whimsical about creation. You have freedom. I enjoy this freedom of being a creator.  What inspired you to start Quirk Box?As an artist, you tend to have a limited audience. Often affluent or far too niche and restricted. This meant all my creative ideas and visions would manage to reach a small audience. I hoped that a lot more people could firstly, witness my art and secondly, afford it. Quirk Box was started to be a functional art label. Instead of buying my art on a canvas, you could now buy it as a garment. When you wear Quirk box, you are a walking gallery of my imagination. You started with an online store, and haven’t gone for the traditional retail format. Was that a conscious decision? Do you plan to have your own store in the future?The idea was always the penetration of the market. If you've lived in one place too long, you become a frog in a pond. You have to go out there and tell your story to everyone. I didn’t want to be tied to a physical space. I needed my art to be everywhere. And online allows me to reach 200 countries as opposed to one specific location that a brick and mortar are about.Since the start, you have come up with out-of-the-box designs. How has the response been?We turned seven in April. It's been wonderful. We've dressed commoners and celebrities alike. Won the awards that mattered and got the features that matter. We've sold from Pune to Peru. I have much to be grateful for. How’s the Quirk Box journey been till date? Can you tell us in brief about the milestones in this journey?When we started out seven years ago, we started out wanting to create something exciting. We had unrealistic ambitions, we wanted to reach the entire country, but a part of me believed I was being delusional to expect it. A week into our launch we were sold out and we realised we had created something larger than we knew. It has been a learning curve. Meeting incredibly talented people, incredible experiences, winning relevant awards, dressing fashion goddesses, it opened new windows of opportunities and experiences, from the fashion weeks to dressing A-listers. It's been a long tough exciting ride.Where do you get your inspiration from when you come up with new collections?Inspiration is everywhere. We find inspiration from our experiences and surroundings. There is no preset for this. Every day is a new experience and ideas are ever evolving. The fabrics you choose, the prints, the colours… Why do you choose what you do?I make art that I chose to make. We do not restrict ourselves with the art. The freedom of creating is why we started this. This is not trending determined. The fabrics that are chosen based on the season, cotton would work in warmer weathers, crepe and silks in the festive season. Since we print a multitude of colour, we also need to pick fabrics that allow us to print the kind of art we make. We also try to keep our prices in-check so the fabrics determine the same. Can you tell us about your latest collection?Our summer collection Chikanobu was inspired by the 18th-century Woodcut Artworks of the Japanese Artist Toyohara. I love all things Japanese, and Japanese art was something I've always been intrigued by. My wife Priyanka who is now the Chief Illustrator at Quirk Box was truly inspired by the idea of recreating his works in a contemporary context. The artworks of Emperor Meiji, the Japanese Cranes, Waves and Geisha's all features as artworks in the series of our Summer Resort wear. We used Crepe this season. It is light in weight and the blend we use is easy on sweat, heat and wash care.Who is your inspiration? I am inspired by my travel experiences. Food, small, the unknown that is exciting brings with it new stories to tell. Stories that we tell through art and fashion. Your most and least favourite parts of designing?Every day at work is a challenge; a new challenge. The amalgamation of art and business is something I am excited by. I thrive on this. Having to solve internal conflicts of tailor/labour is a rather annoying part of the profession though.What in your opinion is your biggest achievement so far?That I am able to sustain art in a country that has no value for it, is my biggest achievement. Quirk Box was one of the first of its kind with the designs that you came up with. These days there are many who do similar or “inspired” designs. Your take on plagiarism in the industry.Everything is an inspiration, and everything is a copy… some more than others. I see a tree and I draw it. I copy from nature. Some see the drawing of my tree and copy it. Unfortunately, due to the weak intellectual property laws and ambiguities, this won’t change anytime soon. In the meanwhile, we have to believe that imitation is the best form of flattery.Being an artiste and a designer, how do you balance the two facets?They are integrated. One fuels a passion, one fuels the bills. Can you tell us a little about Quirk Box Design?Quirk Box is an independent boutique art-based design studio. It offers crafted solutions for all your design needs.  With over 10 years of experience in the design space, including branding, graphics and fashion, the studio offers the same philosophy and principle of its original art and design and strong aesthetic essence, that is no longer limited to its in-house label, but to anyone that would like to hire its service. having worked with fashion, art, graphic design, branding, advertising, space design, the brand now offers you a design language you need, keeping intact the graphic art and playful sophistication that defines our essence. Can you tell us a little about your next collection?Our next is our most ambitious collection yet. Given the detail of the work, we are still working against the clock to release it in time for August. But hopefully, it will see the light of day soon.What do you envision the future holding for you?I wish I could foretell the future. But I can only hope. Hope to create good work, hope that it continues to be appreciated. Hope that I can sustain a lifestyle that allows me to travel extensively.What is your advice to the upcoming designers and fashion entrepreneurs?They don't need my advice. They need self-belief, courage and perseverance.					Sleeves are an element of fashion that has undergone some drastic upgrades, variations and evolutions in the last century. So whether you want to channel the Elizabethan age of over-the-top opulence or free-spirited bohemian vibes, there is a sleeve for every kind of whim and fancy. Like everything in the fashion industry, there is a time when some styles rise above the rest to become the look and talk of the season and the sleeves making waves (literally) this season are a mix of delightful throwbacks and modern sophisticated elegance. Bell of the ballBell sleeve is a super cute and fun style that is making a comeback to the fashion scene. The bell sleeves have been much beloved for their flowy design that allows easy movement and for their uber-graceful feminine appearance. In its previous lives, bell sleeves started their journey out by simply being a flared sleeve that was a part of the Japanese Heian period. A long dramatic flared sleeve was a classic feature and style norm back in the day. It then migrated across the world into the European medieval era and was predominately a style that was seen in the outfits of members of the church clergy. And it was around that time that the sleeve slowly and steadily developed its signature bell structure.The elite class of the Elizabethan era adored the bell sleeves. And as 'less is more' was not a phrase that the stylists of the Elizabethan era particularly believed in at the time, they decided to make it more extravagant (because, why not?) By adding on various embellishments like frills, lace and pleats . After which, the sleeves safely made their way into the modern world wherein the bell shape became more distinct and was synonymous with gentle femininity.The bell sleeves have been around for a long time and are likely to be around for a good bit more too considering the comebacks it makes every few years, seamlessly incorporating itself into the latest fashion trends. Though the bell structure is highly appreciated in the form of sleeves, its other variant 'the bell bottoms' weren't so lucky. But the world of fashion is a strange and unpredictable place. You never know what might pop up again.Why, though? Why has this simple little style managed to stick around for so long? Well, it because bell sleeves are enormously versatile. They have comfortably made themselves a perfectly fashionable asset in every area. From chic work wear to flirty casual and elegant evening wear, bell sleeves can be brought to every area of ââinterest. (Multipurpose utility? Yes, please). It is also wearable in a range of different fabrics as well as wool, lace and silk.How to style: Bell sleeves are great for any kind of occasion. And they come in several different variations, the fitted sleeve with bell flare starting only at the wrist or at the elbow. This is great for people wanting a combination of two styles; full-fitted sleeve and bell sleeve. When it comes to styling it for a classy, ââhigh fashion workwear ensemble, bell sleeves that tie at the elbow add that dash of sleek with a mild dose of flounce. Paired with some tailored pants make an effortless fashionable work-wear look that will help get rid of those Monday blues. Sheer silk blouses sporting bell sleeves are perfect for decadent evening wear and is super comfortable. Cap-tain of styleIf there was ever a voting poll to decide which is the 'all-time favorite sleeve' then cap sleeves would probably win hands down. Cap sleeves give us a feel of soft femininity, throwing it back to those long dreamy gowns with adorable cap sleeves that Keira Knightley wore to the ball in Pride and Prejudice (Who wouldn't want to pretend to be in that situation?). It is a representation of simple, uncomplicated design that is made for everyone. Their modest design is probably why they have been a part of bridal gowns and bridesmaids dress for a long time. The first record of cap sleeves being included into wedding attire has been traced back to the roaring 1920s and then made their way into everyday party wear fashion as well (flapper dresses anyone?).After that, the beloved cap sleeves cruised their way into the 30s, 40s and 50s. Clearly, fashion couldn't let them go and for good reason. It was made widely popular and sealed its place as timeless style when the biggest celebrities showcased their little cap sleeves of the most important day of their lives: their wedding. Scores of celebrities and royalty have sported cap-sleeved wedding gowns and strengthened its reputation as a favored design. When Jackie Kennedy Onassis wed John Kennedy in 1953 in her beautiful cap-sleeved gown, the style's popularity shot through the roof. Mega style icon Audrey Hepburn wore a cap-sleeve wedding dress in her movie 'Funny Face' in 1957 and that made it official, the cap sleeves were here to stay.The most recent ambassador for the beloved cap sleeve is the ever popular sister of the Duchess of Cambridge herself, Pippa Middleton. The fashion world will probably never forget the day she stepped out in that immaculate form-fitting cap-sleeved white gown on the day of the royal wedding. The wedding was not the only historic thing that happened that day. Pippa, with endless grace and panache, brought the caps back into the fashion scene. And it did not end there. When it was Pippa's turn to tie the knot, she dazzled the world again with another cap-sleeved beauty. Cap-sleeved elegance at its finest ladies!How to style: Though it is extremely favored in the wedding scene, bell sleeves are also quite flexible and can be showcased in everyday fashion as well. Along with it being a part of the usual suspects of western wear ie dresses and tops, you can even bring this style a little closer to home. Embellished high-necked sari blouses with cap-sleeves are exceptionally gorgeous and are a great way to amp up your traditional wear. Bishop sleeveBishop sleeves are sleeves that are quite similar to a bell sleeve, however, they have one defining feature. The full-length sleeves have a familiar flare that flows from the shoulder but it ends with a wide cuff that is gathered and cinched at the wrist. The style emulates a luxurious vintage feel. And it should rightfully because this style has been around for a long time. Though the sleeves are similar to the shape to the sleeves worn by bishops of the church- hence the name - but traces of the flouncy sleeves go even further back in time to the sixth-century Byzantine era (Kudos to them for probably being the oldest sleeve style ever). Though they were not all that prevalent during that time, bishop sleeves become a lot more common during the 1800s.Bishop sleeves got major traction back in the mid-60s during the time when the free-spirited hippie culture was making a statement in society. The relaxed flowing look it created coincided perfectly with the hippie style and they were all for it. Further on, in the 70s and 80s, the sleeves were made of lycra and polyesters to maintain the soft bouncy look that was its biggest selling point. Bishop sleeves created a flattering, balanced silhouette that made a person's shoulders look smaller in comparison. The cuff, historically, is a wide button cuff but over the years, it went through many reconstructions. Elasticized cuffs, embellished cuffs and cuffs with decorative trimmings were all a part of the advancements the bishop sleeves underwent to meet the ever-changing fashion demands.The distinctive shape of the bishop sleeve also attributes it to be known as balloon sleeves. They are also believed to be similar to peasant sleeves due to the fact that they both gather around the wrist. However, the difference is that peasant sleeves ideally tend to puff out at the shoulders, while bishop sleeves just flow smoothly from the shoulder down the arm for a nice draped effect. Peasant sleeves also do not possess a wide cuff but rather have a simple elastic band.How to style: Bishop sleeves are very distinctive and make quite a statement with their classically vintage look. Hence, they are great for formal blouses. Paired with a fitted high-waisted pant to emphasize the sleeves and create a stunning silhouette that just all of the soft sophistication; in other words, high fashion boss lady. For a look that's more casual Fridays, pair it with jeans instead. Draped bishop sleeves add a perfect little dramatic flair to a short loose dress with some strappy wedges or flats and you've basically got you're boho-chic on. Or a fitted dress that flatters your natural curves along with flowing sleeves is perfect for desk to dinner days. Keeping up with the kimono sleeveJapan's foremost export into the world of fashion is the traditional kimono and most popularly the kimono sleeve has carved its place into the fashion scene for the smooth elegant effect that it gave. Traditionally, the type of kimono a person wore would be a marker that officially denoted their social standing, rank and occupation. Well, clothes tend to have that effect even now in a rather unofficial, unspoken way. Nevertheless, the sleeve style eventually made its way across to the western world towards the end of the 1940s.Traditional Japanese wide kimono sleeves are varied in lengths. The sleeves of the kimono's that were used in theatrical performances tending to almost 3 feet long and would drag across the floor for spectacularly dramatic effect. Imagine walking into a party with 3 foot long sleeves (instant show stopper). Unfortunately, that wouldn't be the most practical thing to wear in the real world, so the sleeves were cut down to size to suit more normal measurements. Ideally, kimono sleeves have a deep armhole and the sleeve does not have a definite shoulder seam or armhole seam, which is its peculiarity. The main body of the garment and the sleeve are created from the same continuous piece of material, it, therefore, is also known as a 'grown-on' sleeve.How to style: Kimono sleeves are the trend this season and are perfect for wrap dresses, cinched-in waist secured with a sash that completely the whole traditional kimono look as a whole. Kimono sleeves are also great for sheer or silk blouses that go well with pants or pencil skirts. Shrugs with long kimono sleeves are an excellent way of adding a chic layer to casual jeans and tank top outfit. Cape wonder sleeveCape sleeves and capes are on the list of trending items this season. It's a cool look that speaks of elevated style and if you know just how to wear it and accessorize it, it can be a striking feature in your fashion diaries. Cape sleeves are can be traced back to the past with the introduction of the cloak. Capes were basically an outer garment that draped over the wearer and covered the shoulders, arms and was fastened at the neck. They were super popular back in medieval Europe (Try not to think of long Dracula-esque cape). After their heyday back in the dark ages, capes are back in the modern age to make a style statement unlike any other with designers offering new spins and innovations on trend to make classy and impart a sense of regality because every girl deserves to be a queen .Cape sleeves are most popularly seen on jackets - as the cape is essentially made for outerwear - that has been upgraded with bold new patterns, interesting new fabrics and showcased in varying lengths for every kind of occasion. The sleeves can either in be flared if made with softer fabrics or can be straight and sleek for a more defined structure.How to style: Cape sleeves are great on blazers and because the fabric is stiffer, the silhouette you acquire is impeccably sleek and very flattering; perfect for when you evolve from boss lady to modern queen! It is ideal for smart elegant formal wear or can be used to dress up a basic and top ensemble for a night out. Long flared, looser cape sleeves work well on dresses for an ultra-majestic look or on light pastel colored tops for those casual brunch days. Pick out any one of this season's trendiest sleeves and work it like a boss. Text: Crystal Symss Images: Yogen Shah It was 2011 when Quirk Box took root. Co-founded by Jayesh Sachdev, it was a venture to bring his art to many through fashion and décor. What he didn’t know was that all their products will be sold out within the first week. Their quirky – as their name rightly suggests – designs are well appreciated and have had many takers even amongst the celebs like Deepika Padukone, Ranveer Singh, Priyanka Chopra, Alia Bhatt, Parineeti Chopra, Amitabh and Abhishek Bachchan, Kangana Ranaut and Kajol. The brand defines itself as a fashion and lifestyle label that exudes wearable eccentricity. “That, in addition to rich colour, graphic art and playful sophistication define our essence,” Sachdev mentions in the brand information, “We are synonymous with all things fun, offbeat and quirky. Our exuberant approach to the everyday encourages personal style with a dash of incandescent charm. We call it life in technicolor.” An artist by passion, a designer by choice and a creative entrepreneur by vocation, Sachdev talks about the brand, his journey and making people a walking gallery. It shouldn’t have been such a surprise though. Sachdev is an artist, designer and entrepreneur. He graduated with a Degree in Visual Communication at Lasalle College of the Arts, Singapore and holds the national record for having painted India’s largest concept artwork. Alongside running the Quirk Box, he continues to practice as an artist, exhibiting through New York to Bombay. He has won many awards including British Council Young Arts Entrepreneurs India 2008, Tiger Translate India Arts Awards and Crow Bar Asia Advertising Awards and he is also a credited TEDx speaker. Apart from his art, he is an avid photographer and loves to play tennis. Quirk Box also, is an award-winning label, alongside its founder. It won the Best Urban Wear Label – India award at Grazia Young India Fashion Awards in 2015. They have showcased their collection at the Lakme Fashion Week since 2013. In previous interviews, the artist-designer who is inspired by Sabyasachi and Manish Arora told the story behind Quirk Box, “There is an oddity and sense of innovation that is a virtue of Quirk Box. This oddity, this quirkiness, and this implicit need to be original and fun put together are what we like to call the Quirk Box. We’re here to be different and carve a niche of our own in this ever-growing industry. The strategy is to only provide fresh, quirky and unimaginable designs to our customers and reach out to prospects that haven’t yet been exposed to quirky fashion and lifestyle.” Living up to its story and its name, each collection by this brand has been unique and out-of-the-box. Not one to follow trends, but to set them, he has kept true to the essence of the brand with each collection, having come up with new and interesting prints every time. “Our USP is our strong understanding of design and fashion and our inherent traits of wanting to create something original each time,” he explains, “We are not aping trends, even though our works have a very strong ‘pop art’ essence, we are neither imitating designs, nor finding inspiration from Bollywood/Hollywood or popular culture, we are constantly striving to create innovative art that spells individuality.” Sachdev and his brand are all about expressing their art through various mediums, and thus was the Quirk Box Design Studio born. “I am primarily a visual artist,” tells the man who believes that ‘design is art with a function and business is applying that design into context’, “I have no formal understanding of fashion. My art and illustration aesthetic are what makes Quirk Box distinguished. The art that is made for Quirk Box is put into fashion, but fashion is only one such medium onto which my art can be applied to. We can design your space, your business identity, textile prints, wedding cards… the scope is diverse and limitless.” Through this independent design studio, the design style that is inherently Quirk Box can be hired as a service and not just as a product. We have a tête-à-tête with Sachdev talking of the milestones he’s reached in his journey till now, his inspirations and aspirations. Can you tell in brief about your journey to date?It's been a decade that I've been an artist; so it’s clearly been a long and exciting one. I started out as a Jr. Art Director at an agency in Singapore, after graduating from an art school. I eventually moved back to India to start Emblem, my design studio. That didn’t initially kick off the way I'd have imagined and I occupied myself painting. Before I knew it, I'd become a full-time artist. I founded Emblem Tee, and the Emblem Art Gallery and later Quirk Box. I like to believe I'm a creative entrepreneur as much as an artist. Along the way I picked up a few accolades and awards, it's been a frustrating, enriching and a learning journey, and I'm probably not even close to halfway where I'd like to be. Were art and design something you wanted to pursue from the start?I wanted to write. I wanted to play tennis and football. When I didn’t end up pursuing those as career options, I had a strong idea that I would be inclined towards a Visual Arts career. What inspires you to create?There is something magical and whimsical about creation. You have freedom. I enjoy this freedom of being a creator.  What inspired you to start Quirk Box?As an artist, you tend to have a limited audience. Often affluent or far too niche and restricted. This meant all my creative ideas and visions would manage to reach a small audience. I hoped that a lot more people could firstly, witness my art and secondly, afford it. Quirk Box was started to be a functional art label. Instead of buying my art on a canvas, you could now buy it as a garment. When you wear Quirk box, you are a walking gallery of my imagination. You started with an online store, and haven’t gone for the traditional retail format. Was that a conscious decision? Do you plan to have your own store in the future?The idea was always the penetration of the market. If you've lived in one place too long, you become a frog in a pond. You have to go out there and tell your story to everyone. I didn’t want to be tied to a physical space. I needed my art to be everywhere. And online allows me to reach 200 countries as opposed to one specific location that a brick and mortar are about.Since the start, you have come up with out-of-the-box designs. How has the response been?We turned seven in April. It's been wonderful. We've dressed commoners and celebrities alike. Won the awards that mattered and got the features that matter. We've sold from Pune to Peru. I have much to be grateful for. How’s the Quirk Box journey been till date? Can you tell us in brief about the milestones in this journey?When we started out seven years ago, we started out wanting to create something exciting. We had unrealistic ambitions, we wanted to reach the entire country, but a part of me believed I was being delusional to expect it. A week into our launch we were sold out and we realised we had created something larger than we knew. It has been a learning curve. Meeting incredibly talented people, incredible experiences, winning relevant awards, dressing fashion goddesses, it opened new windows of opportunities and experiences, from the fashion weeks to dressing A-listers. It's been a long tough exciting ride.Where do you get your inspiration from when you come up with new collections?Inspiration is everywhere. We find inspiration from our experiences and surroundings. There is no preset for this. Every day is a new experience and ideas are ever evolving. The fabrics you choose, the prints, the colours… Why do you choose what you do?I make art that I chose to make. We do not restrict ourselves with the art. The freedom of creating is why we started this. This is not trending determined. The fabrics that are chosen based on the season, cotton would work in warmer weathers, crepe and silks in the festive season. Since we print a multitude of colour, we also need to pick fabrics that allow us to print the kind of art we make. We also try to keep our prices in-check so the fabrics determine the same. Can you tell us about your latest collection?Our summer collection Chikanobu was inspired by the 18th-century Woodcut Artworks of the Japanese Artist Toyohara. I love all things Japanese, and Japanese art was something I've always been intrigued by. My wife Priyanka who is now the Chief Illustrator at Quirk Box was truly inspired by the idea of recreating his works in a contemporary context. The artworks of Emperor Meiji, the Japanese Cranes, Waves and Geisha's all features as artworks in the series of our Summer Resort wear. We used Crepe this season. It is light in weight and the blend we use is easy on sweat, heat and wash care.Who is your inspiration? I am inspired by my travel experiences. Food, small, the unknown that is exciting brings with it new stories to tell. Stories that we tell through art and fashion. Your most and least favourite parts of designing?Every day at work is a challenge; a new challenge. The amalgamation of art and business is something I am excited by. I thrive on this. Having to solve internal conflicts of tailor/labour is a rather annoying part of the profession though.What in your opinion is your biggest achievement so far?That I am able to sustain art in a country that has no value for it, is my biggest achievement. Quirk Box was one of the first of its kind with the designs that you came up with. These days there are many who do similar or “inspired” designs. Your take on plagiarism in the industry.Everything is an inspiration, and everything is a copy… some more than others. I see a tree and I draw it. I copy from nature. Some see the drawing of my tree and copy it. Unfortunately, due to the weak intellectual property laws and ambiguities, this won’t change anytime soon. In the meanwhile, we have to believe that imitation is the best form of flattery.Being an artiste and a designer, how do you balance the two facets?They are integrated. One fuels a passion, one fuels the bills. Can you tell us a little about Quirk Box Design?Quirk Box is an independent boutique art-based design studio. It offers crafted solutions for all your design needs.  With over 10 years of experience in the design space, including branding, graphics and fashion, the studio offers the same philosophy and principle of its original art and design and strong aesthetic essence, that is no longer limited to its in-house label, but to anyone that would like to hire its service. having worked with fashion, art, graphic design, branding, advertising, space design, the brand now offers you a design language you need, keeping intact the graphic art and playful sophistication that defines our essence. Can you tell us a little about your next collection?Our next is our most ambitious collection yet. Given the detail of the work, we are still working against the clock to release it in time for August. But hopefully, it will see the light of day soon.What do you envision the future holding for you?I wish I could foretell the future. But I can only hope. Hope to create good work, hope that it continues to be appreciated. Hope that I can sustain a lifestyle that allows me to travel extensively.What is your advice to the upcoming designers and fashion entrepreneurs?They don't need my advice. They need self-belief, courage and perseverance.					It was 2011 when Quirk Box took root. Co-founded by Jayesh Sachdev, it was a venture to bring his art to many through fashion and décor. What he didn’t know was that all their products will be sold out within the first week. Their quirky – as their name rightly suggests – designs are well appreciated and have had many takers even amongst the celebs like Deepika Padukone, Ranveer Singh, Priyanka Chopra, Alia Bhatt, Parineeti Chopra, Amitabh and Abhishek Bachchan, Kangana Ranaut and Kajol. The brand defines itself as a fashion and lifestyle label that exudes wearable eccentricity. “That, in addition to rich colour, graphic art and playful sophistication define our essence,” Sachdev mentions in the brand information, “We are synonymous with all things fun, offbeat and quirky. Our exuberant approach to the everyday encourages personal style with a dash of incandescent charm. We call it life in technicolor.” An artist by passion, a designer by choice and a creative entrepreneur by vocation, Sachdev talks about the brand, his journey and making people a walking gallery. It shouldn’t have been such a surprise though. Sachdev is an artist, designer and entrepreneur. He graduated with a Degree in Visual Communication at Lasalle College of the Arts, Singapore and holds the national record for having painted India’s largest concept artwork. Alongside running the Quirk Box, he continues to practice as an artist, exhibiting through New York to Bombay. He has won many awards including British Council Young Arts Entrepreneurs India 2008, Tiger Translate India Arts Awards and Crow Bar Asia Advertising Awards and he is also a credited TEDx speaker. Apart from his art, he is an avid photographer and loves to play tennis. Quirk Box also, is an award-winning label, alongside its founder. It won the Best Urban Wear Label – India award at Grazia Young India Fashion Awards in 2015. They have showcased their collection at the Lakme Fashion Week since 2013. In previous interviews, the artist-designer who is inspired by Sabyasachi and Manish Arora told the story behind Quirk Box, “There is an oddity and sense of innovation that is a virtue of Quirk Box. This oddity, this quirkiness, and this implicit need to be original and fun put together are what we like to call the Quirk Box. We’re here to be different and carve a niche of our own in this ever-growing industry. The strategy is to only provide fresh, quirky and unimaginable designs to our customers and reach out to prospects that haven’t yet been exposed to quirky fashion and lifestyle.” Living up to its story and its name, each collection by this brand has been unique and out-of-the-box. Not one to follow trends, but to set them, he has kept true to the essence of the brand with each collection, having come up with new and interesting prints every time. “Our USP is our strong understanding of design and fashion and our inherent traits of wanting to create something original each time,” he explains, “We are not aping trends, even though our works have a very strong ‘pop art’ essence, we are neither imitating designs, nor finding inspiration from Bollywood/Hollywood or popular culture, we are constantly striving to create innovative art that spells individuality.” Sachdev and his brand are all about expressing their art through various mediums, and thus was the Quirk Box Design Studio born. “I am primarily a visual artist,” tells the man who believes that ‘design is art with a function and business is applying that design into context’, “I have no formal understanding of fashion. My art and illustration aesthetic are what makes Quirk Box distinguished. The art that is made for Quirk Box is put into fashion, but fashion is only one such medium onto which my art can be applied to. We can design your space, your business identity, textile prints, wedding cards… the scope is diverse and limitless.” Through this independent design studio, the design style that is inherently Quirk Box can be hired as a service and not just as a product. We have a tête-à-tête with Sachdev talking of the milestones he’s reached in his journey till now, his inspirations and aspirations. Can you tell in brief about your journey to date?It's been a decade that I've been an artist; so it’s clearly been a long and exciting one. I started out as a Jr. Art Director at an agency in Singapore, after graduating from an art school. I eventually moved back to India to start Emblem, my design studio. That didn’t initially kick off the way I'd have imagined and I occupied myself painting. Before I knew it, I'd become a full-time artist. I founded Emblem Tee, and the Emblem Art Gallery and later Quirk Box. I like to believe I'm a creative entrepreneur as much as an artist. Along the way I picked up a few accolades and awards, it's been a frustrating, enriching and a learning journey, and I'm probably not even close to halfway where I'd like to be. Were art and design something you wanted to pursue from the start?I wanted to write. I wanted to play tennis and football. When I didn’t end up pursuing those as career options, I had a strong idea that I would be inclined towards a Visual Arts career. What inspires you to create?There is something magical and whimsical about creation. You have freedom. I enjoy this freedom of being a creator.  What inspired you to start Quirk Box?As an artist, you tend to have a limited audience. Often affluent or far too niche and restricted. This meant all my creative ideas and visions would manage to reach a small audience. I hoped that a lot more people could firstly, witness my art and secondly, afford it. Quirk Box was started to be a functional art label. Instead of buying my art on a canvas, you could now buy it as a garment. When you wear Quirk box, you are a walking gallery of my imagination. You started with an online store, and haven’t gone for the traditional retail format. Was that a conscious decision? Do you plan to have your own store in the future?The idea was always the penetration of the market. If you've lived in one place too long, you become a frog in a pond. You have to go out there and tell your story to everyone. I didn’t want to be tied to a physical space. I needed my art to be everywhere. And online allows me to reach 200 countries as opposed to one specific location that a brick and mortar are about.Since the start, you have come up with out-of-the-box designs. How has the response been?We turned seven in April. It's been wonderful. We've dressed commoners and celebrities alike. Won the awards that mattered and got the features that matter. We've sold from Pune to Peru. I have much to be grateful for. How’s the Quirk Box journey been till date? Can you tell us in brief about the milestones in this journey?When we started out seven years ago, we started out wanting to create something exciting. We had unrealistic ambitions, we wanted to reach the entire country, but a part of me believed I was being delusional to expect it. A week into our launch we were sold out and we realised we had created something larger than we knew. It has been a learning curve. Meeting incredibly talented people, incredible experiences, winning relevant awards, dressing fashion goddesses, it opened new windows of opportunities and experiences, from the fashion weeks to dressing A-listers. It's been a long tough exciting ride.Where do you get your inspiration from when you come up with new collections?Inspiration is everywhere. We find inspiration from our experiences and surroundings. There is no preset for this. Every day is a new experience and ideas are ever evolving. The fabrics you choose, the prints, the colours… Why do you choose what you do?I make art that I chose to make. We do not restrict ourselves with the art. The freedom of creating is why we started this. This is not trending determined. The fabrics that are chosen based on the season, cotton would work in warmer weathers, crepe and silks in the festive season. Since we print a multitude of colour, we also need to pick fabrics that allow us to print the kind of art we make. We also try to keep our prices in-check so the fabrics determine the same. Can you tell us about your latest collection?Our summer collection Chikanobu was inspired by the 18th-century Woodcut Artworks of the Japanese Artist Toyohara. I love all things Japanese, and Japanese art was something I've always been intrigued by. My wife Priyanka who is now the Chief Illustrator at Quirk Box was truly inspired by the idea of recreating his works in a contemporary context. The artworks of Emperor Meiji, the Japanese Cranes, Waves and Geisha's all features as artworks in the series of our Summer Resort wear. We used Crepe this season. It is light in weight and the blend we use is easy on sweat, heat and wash care.Who is your inspiration? I am inspired by my travel experiences. Food, small, the unknown that is exciting brings with it new stories to tell. Stories that we tell through art and fashion. Your most and least favourite parts of designing?Every day at work is a challenge; a new challenge. The amalgamation of art and business is something I am excited by. I thrive on this. Having to solve internal conflicts of tailor/labour is a rather annoying part of the profession though.What in your opinion is your biggest achievement so far?That I am able to sustain art in a country that has no value for it, is my biggest achievement. Quirk Box was one of the first of its kind with the designs that you came up with. These days there are many who do similar or “inspired” designs. Your take on plagiarism in the industry.Everything is an inspiration, and everything is a copy… some more than others. I see a tree and I draw it. I copy from nature. Some see the drawing of my tree and copy it. Unfortunately, due to the weak intellectual property laws and ambiguities, this won’t change anytime soon. In the meanwhile, we have to believe that imitation is the best form of flattery.Being an artiste and a designer, how do you balance the two facets?They are integrated. One fuels a passion, one fuels the bills. Can you tell us a little about Quirk Box Design?Quirk Box is an independent boutique art-based design studio. It offers crafted solutions for all your design needs.  With over 10 years of experience in the design space, including branding, graphics and fashion, the studio offers the same philosophy and principle of its original art and design and strong aesthetic essence, that is no longer limited to its in-house label, but to anyone that would like to hire its service. having worked with fashion, art, graphic design, branding, advertising, space design, the brand now offers you a design language you need, keeping intact the graphic art and playful sophistication that defines our essence. Can you tell us a little about your next collection?Our next is our most ambitious collection yet. Given the detail of the work, we are still working against the clock to release it in time for August. But hopefully, it will see the light of day soon.What do you envision the future holding for you?I wish I could foretell the future. But I can only hope. Hope to create good work, hope that it continues to be appreciated. Hope that I can sustain a lifestyle that allows me to travel extensively.What is your advice to the upcoming designers and fashion entrepreneurs?They don't need my advice. They need self-belief, courage and perseverance.					Sleeves are an element of fashion that has undergone some drastic upgrades, variations and evolutions in the last century. So whether you want to channel the Elizabethan age of over-the-top opulence or free-spirited bohemian vibes, there is a sleeve for every kind of whim and fancy. Like everything in the fashion industry, there is a time when some styles rise above the rest to become the look and talk of the season and the sleeves making waves (literally) this season are a mix of delightful throwbacks and modern sophisticated elegance. Bell of the ballBell sleeve is a super cute and fun style that is making a comeback to the fashion scene. The bell sleeves have been much beloved for their flowy design that allows easy movement and for their uber-graceful feminine appearance. In its previous lives, bell sleeves started their journey out by simply being a flared sleeve that was a part of the Japanese Heian period. A long dramatic flared sleeve was a classic feature and style norm back in the day. It then migrated across the world into the European medieval era and was predominately a style that was seen in the outfits of members of the church clergy. And it was around that time that the sleeve slowly and steadily developed its signature bell structure.The elite class of the Elizabethan era adored the bell sleeves. And as 'less is more' was not a phrase that the stylists of the Elizabethan era particularly believed in at the time, they decided to make it more extravagant (because, why not?) By adding on various embellishments like frills, lace and pleats . After which, the sleeves safely made their way into the modern world wherein the bell shape became more distinct and was synonymous with gentle femininity.The bell sleeves have been around for a long time and are likely to be around for a good bit more too considering the comebacks it makes every few years, seamlessly incorporating itself into the latest fashion trends. Though the bell structure is highly appreciated in the form of sleeves, its other variant 'the bell bottoms' weren't so lucky. But the world of fashion is a strange and unpredictable place. You never know what might pop up again.Why, though? Why has this simple little style managed to stick around for so long? Well, it because bell sleeves are enormously versatile. They have comfortably made themselves a perfectly fashionable asset in every area. From chic work wear to flirty casual and elegant evening wear, bell sleeves can be brought to every area of ââinterest. (Multipurpose utility? Yes, please). It is also wearable in a range of different fabrics as well as wool, lace and silk.How to style: Bell sleeves are great for any kind of occasion. And they come in several different variations, the fitted sleeve with bell flare starting only at the wrist or at the elbow. This is great for people wanting a combination of two styles; full-fitted sleeve and bell sleeve. When it comes to styling it for a classy, ââhigh fashion workwear ensemble, bell sleeves that tie at the elbow add that dash of sleek with a mild dose of flounce. Paired with some tailored pants make an effortless fashionable work-wear look that will help get rid of those Monday blues. Sheer silk blouses sporting bell sleeves are perfect for decadent evening wear and is super comfortable. Cap-tain of styleIf there was ever a voting poll to decide which is the 'all-time favorite sleeve' then cap sleeves would probably win hands down. Cap sleeves give us a feel of soft femininity, throwing it back to those long dreamy gowns with adorable cap sleeves that Keira Knightley wore to the ball in Pride and Prejudice (Who wouldn't want to pretend to be in that situation?). It is a representation of simple, uncomplicated design that is made for everyone. Their modest design is probably why they have been a part of bridal gowns and bridesmaids dress for a long time. The first record of cap sleeves being included into wedding attire has been traced back to the roaring 1920s and then made their way into everyday party wear fashion as well (flapper dresses anyone?).After that, the beloved cap sleeves cruised their way into the 30s, 40s and 50s. Clearly, fashion couldn't let them go and for good reason. It was made widely popular and sealed its place as timeless style when the biggest celebrities showcased their little cap sleeves of the most important day of their lives: their wedding. Scores of celebrities and royalty have sported cap-sleeved wedding gowns and strengthened its reputation as a favored design. When Jackie Kennedy Onassis wed John Kennedy in 1953 in her beautiful cap-sleeved gown, the style's popularity shot through the roof. Mega style icon Audrey Hepburn wore a cap-sleeve wedding dress in her movie 'Funny Face' in 1957 and that made it official, the cap sleeves were here to stay.The most recent ambassador for the beloved cap sleeve is the ever popular sister of the Duchess of Cambridge herself, Pippa Middleton. The fashion world will probably never forget the day she stepped out in that immaculate form-fitting cap-sleeved white gown on the day of the royal wedding. The wedding was not the only historic thing that happened that day. Pippa, with endless grace and panache, brought the caps back into the fashion scene. And it did not end there. When it was Pippa's turn to tie the knot, she dazzled the world again with another cap-sleeved beauty. Cap-sleeved elegance at its finest ladies!How to style: Though it is extremely favored in the wedding scene, bell sleeves are also quite flexible and can be showcased in everyday fashion as well. Along with it being a part of the usual suspects of western wear ie dresses and tops, you can even bring this style a little closer to home. Embellished high-necked sari blouses with cap-sleeves are exceptionally gorgeous and are a great way to amp up your traditional wear. Bishop sleeveBishop sleeves are sleeves that are quite similar to a bell sleeve, however, they have one defining feature. The full-length sleeves have a familiar flare that flows from the shoulder but it ends with a wide cuff that is gathered and cinched at the wrist. The style emulates a luxurious vintage feel. And it should rightfully because this style has been around for a long time. Though the sleeves are similar to the shape to the sleeves worn by bishops of the church- hence the name - but traces of the flouncy sleeves go even further back in time to the sixth-century Byzantine era (Kudos to them for probably being the oldest sleeve style ever). Though they were not all that prevalent during that time, bishop sleeves become a lot more common during the 1800s.Bishop sleeves got major traction back in the mid-60s during the time when the free-spirited hippie culture was making a statement in society. The relaxed flowing look it created coincided perfectly with the hippie style and they were all for it. Further on, in the 70s and 80s, the sleeves were made of lycra and polyesters to maintain the soft bouncy look that was its biggest selling point. Bishop sleeves created a flattering, balanced silhouette that made a person's shoulders look smaller in comparison. The cuff, historically, is a wide button cuff but over the years, it went through many reconstructions. Elasticized cuffs, embellished cuffs and cuffs with decorative trimmings were all a part of the advancements the bishop sleeves underwent to meet the ever-changing fashion demands.The distinctive shape of the bishop sleeve also attributes it to be known as balloon sleeves. They are also believed to be similar to peasant sleeves due to the fact that they both gather around the wrist. However, the difference is that peasant sleeves ideally tend to puff out at the shoulders, while bishop sleeves just flow smoothly from the shoulder down the arm for a nice draped effect. Peasant sleeves also do not possess a wide cuff but rather have a simple elastic band.How to style: Bishop sleeves are very distinctive and make quite a statement with their classically vintage look. Hence, they are great for formal blouses. Paired with a fitted high-waisted pant to emphasize the sleeves and create a stunning silhouette that just all of the soft sophistication; in other words, high fashion boss lady. For a look that's more casual Fridays, pair it with jeans instead. Draped bishop sleeves add a perfect little dramatic flair to a short loose dress with some strappy wedges or flats and you've basically got you're boho-chic on. Or a fitted dress that flatters your natural curves along with flowing sleeves is perfect for desk to dinner days. Keeping up with the kimono sleeveJapan's foremost export into the world of fashion is the traditional kimono and most popularly the kimono sleeve has carved its place into the fashion scene for the smooth elegant effect that it gave. Traditionally, the type of kimono a person wore would be a marker that officially denoted their social standing, rank and occupation. Well, clothes tend to have that effect even now in a rather unofficial, unspoken way. Nevertheless, the sleeve style eventually made its way across to the western world towards the end of the 1940s.Traditional Japanese wide kimono sleeves are varied in lengths. The sleeves of the kimono's that were used in theatrical performances tending to almost 3 feet long and would drag across the floor for spectacularly dramatic effect. Imagine walking into a party with 3 foot long sleeves (instant show stopper). Unfortunately, that wouldn't be the most practical thing to wear in the real world, so the sleeves were cut down to size to suit more normal measurements. Ideally, kimono sleeves have a deep armhole and the sleeve does not have a definite shoulder seam or armhole seam, which is its peculiarity. The main body of the garment and the sleeve are created from the same continuous piece of material, it, therefore, is also known as a 'grown-on' sleeve.How to style: Kimono sleeves are the trend this season and are perfect for wrap dresses, cinched-in waist secured with a sash that completely the whole traditional kimono look as a whole. Kimono sleeves are also great for sheer or silk blouses that go well with pants or pencil skirts. Shrugs with long kimono sleeves are an excellent way of adding a chic layer to casual jeans and tank top outfit. Cape wonder sleeveCape sleeves and capes are on the list of trending items this season. It's a cool look that speaks of elevated style and if you know just how to wear it and accessorize it, it can be a striking feature in your fashion diaries. Cape sleeves are can be traced back to the past with the introduction of the cloak. Capes were basically an outer garment that draped over the wearer and covered the shoulders, arms and was fastened at the neck. They were super popular back in medieval Europe (Try not to think of long Dracula-esque cape). After their heyday back in the dark ages, capes are back in the modern age to make a style statement unlike any other with designers offering new spins and innovations on trend to make classy and impart a sense of regality because every girl deserves to be a queen .Cape sleeves are most popularly seen on jackets - as the cape is essentially made for outerwear - that has been upgraded with bold new patterns, interesting new fabrics and showcased in varying lengths for every kind of occasion. The sleeves can either in be flared if made with softer fabrics or can be straight and sleek for a more defined structure.How to style: Cape sleeves are great on blazers and because the fabric is stiffer, the silhouette you acquire is impeccably sleek and very flattering; perfect for when you evolve from boss lady to modern queen! It is ideal for smart elegant formal wear or can be used to dress up a basic and top ensemble for a night out. Long flared, looser cape sleeves work well on dresses for an ultra-majestic look or on light pastel colored tops for those casual brunch days. Pick out any one of this season's trendiest sleeves and work it like a boss. Text: Crystal Symss Images: Yogen Shah Sleeves are an element of fashion that has undergone some drastic upgrades, variations and evolutions in the last century. So whether you want to channel the Elizabethan age of over-the-top opulence or free-spirited bohemian vibes, there is a sleeve for every kind of whim and fancy. Like everything in the fashion industry, there is a time when some styles rise above the rest to become the look and talk of the season and the sleeves making waves (literally) this season are a mix of delightful throwbacks and modern sophisticated elegance. Bell of the ballBell sleeve is a super cute and fun style that is making a comeback to the fashion scene. The bell sleeves have been much beloved for their flowy design that allows easy movement and for their uber-graceful feminine appearance. In its previous lives, bell sleeves started their journey out by simply being a flared sleeve that was a part of the Japanese Heian period. A long dramatic flared sleeve was a classic feature and style norm back in the day. It then migrated across the world into the European medieval era and was predominately a style that was seen in the outfits of members of the church clergy. And it was around that time that the sleeve slowly and steadily developed its signature bell structure.The elite class of the Elizabethan era adored the bell sleeves. And as 'less is more' was not a phrase that the stylists of the Elizabethan era particularly believed in at the time, they decided to make it more extravagant (because, why not?) By adding on various embellishments like frills, lace and pleats . After which, the sleeves safely made their way into the modern world wherein the bell shape became more distinct and was synonymous with gentle femininity.The bell sleeves have been around for a long time and are likely to be around for a good bit more too considering the comebacks it makes every few years, seamlessly incorporating itself into the latest fashion trends. Though the bell structure is highly appreciated in the form of sleeves, its other variant 'the bell bottoms' weren't so lucky. But the world of fashion is a strange and unpredictable place. You never know what might pop up again.Why, though? Why has this simple little style managed to stick around for so long? Well, it because bell sleeves are enormously versatile. They have comfortably made themselves a perfectly fashionable asset in every area. From chic work wear to flirty casual and elegant evening wear, bell sleeves can be brought to every area of ââinterest. (Multipurpose utility? Yes, please). It is also wearable in a range of different fabrics as well as wool, lace and silk.How to style: Bell sleeves are great for any kind of occasion. And they come in several different variations, the fitted sleeve with bell flare starting only at the wrist or at the elbow. This is great for people wanting a combination of two styles; full-fitted sleeve and bell sleeve. When it comes to styling it for a classy, ââhigh fashion workwear ensemble, bell sleeves that tie at the elbow add that dash of sleek with a mild dose of flounce. Paired with some tailored pants make an effortless fashionable work-wear look that will help get rid of those Monday blues. Sheer silk blouses sporting bell sleeves are perfect for decadent evening wear and is super comfortable. Cap-tain of styleIf there was ever a voting poll to decide which is the 'all-time favorite sleeve' then cap sleeves would probably win hands down. Cap sleeves give us a feel of soft femininity, throwing it back to those long dreamy gowns with adorable cap sleeves that Keira Knightley wore to the ball in Pride and Prejudice (Who wouldn't want to pretend to be in that situation?). It is a representation of simple, uncomplicated design that is made for everyone. Their modest design is probably why they have been a part of bridal gowns and bridesmaids dress for a long time. The first record of cap sleeves being included into wedding attire has been traced back to the roaring 1920s and then made their way into everyday party wear fashion as well (flapper dresses anyone?).After that, the beloved cap sleeves cruised their way into the 30s, 40s and 50s. Clearly, fashion couldn't let them go and for good reason. It was made widely popular and sealed its place as timeless style when the biggest celebrities showcased their little cap sleeves of the most important day of their lives: their wedding. Scores of celebrities and royalty have sported cap-sleeved wedding gowns and strengthened its reputation as a favored design. When Jackie Kennedy Onassis wed John Kennedy in 1953 in her beautiful cap-sleeved gown, the style's popularity shot through the roof. Mega style icon Audrey Hepburn wore a cap-sleeve wedding dress in her movie 'Funny Face' in 1957 and that made it official, the cap sleeves were here to stay.The most recent ambassador for the beloved cap sleeve is the ever popular sister of the Duchess of Cambridge herself, Pippa Middleton. The fashion world will probably never forget the day she stepped out in that immaculate form-fitting cap-sleeved white gown on the day of the royal wedding. The wedding was not the only historic thing that happened that day. Pippa, with endless grace and panache, brought the caps back into the fashion scene. And it did not end there. When it was Pippa's turn to tie the knot, she dazzled the world again with another cap-sleeved beauty. Cap-sleeved elegance at its finest ladies!How to style: Though it is extremely favored in the wedding scene, bell sleeves are also quite flexible and can be showcased in everyday fashion as well. Along with it being a part of the usual suspects of western wear ie dresses and tops, you can even bring this style a little closer to home. Embellished high-necked sari blouses with cap-sleeves are exceptionally gorgeous and are a great way to amp up your traditional wear. Bishop sleeveBishop sleeves are sleeves that are quite similar to a bell sleeve, however, they have one defining feature. The full-length sleeves have a familiar flare that flows from the shoulder but it ends with a wide cuff that is gathered and cinched at the wrist. The style emulates a luxurious vintage feel. And it should rightfully because this style has been around for a long time. Though the sleeves are similar to the shape to the sleeves worn by bishops of the church- hence the name - but traces of the flouncy sleeves go even further back in time to the sixth-century Byzantine era (Kudos to them for probably being the oldest sleeve style ever). Though they were not all that prevalent during that time, bishop sleeves become a lot more common during the 1800s.Bishop sleeves got major traction back in the mid-60s during the time when the free-spirited hippie culture was making a statement in society. The relaxed flowing look it created coincided perfectly with the hippie style and they were all for it. Further on, in the 70s and 80s, the sleeves were made of lycra and polyesters to maintain the soft bouncy look that was its biggest selling point. Bishop sleeves created a flattering, balanced silhouette that made a person's shoulders look smaller in comparison. The cuff, historically, is a wide button cuff but over the years, it went through many reconstructions. Elasticized cuffs, embellished cuffs and cuffs with decorative trimmings were all a part of the advancements the bishop sleeves underwent to meet the ever-changing fashion demands.The distinctive shape of the bishop sleeve also attributes it to be known as balloon sleeves. They are also believed to be similar to peasant sleeves due to the fact that they both gather around the wrist. However, the difference is that peasant sleeves ideally tend to puff out at the shoulders, while bishop sleeves just flow smoothly from the shoulder down the arm for a nice draped effect. Peasant sleeves also do not possess a wide cuff but rather have a simple elastic band.How to style: Bishop sleeves are very distinctive and make quite a statement with their classically vintage look. Hence, they are great for formal blouses. Paired with a fitted high-waisted pant to emphasize the sleeves and create a stunning silhouette that just all of the soft sophistication; in other words, high fashion boss lady. For a look that's more casual Fridays, pair it with jeans instead. Draped bishop sleeves add a perfect little dramatic flair to a short loose dress with some strappy wedges or flats and you've basically got you're boho-chic on. Or a fitted dress that flatters your natural curves along with flowing sleeves is perfect for desk to dinner days. Keeping up with the kimono sleeveJapan's foremost export into the world of fashion is the traditional kimono and most popularly the kimono sleeve has carved its place into the fashion scene for the smooth elegant effect that it gave. Traditionally, the type of kimono a person wore would be a marker that officially denoted their social standing, rank and occupation. Well, clothes tend to have that effect even now in a rather unofficial, unspoken way. Nevertheless, the sleeve style eventually made its way across to the western world towards the end of the 1940s.Traditional Japanese wide kimono sleeves are varied in lengths. The sleeves of the kimono's that were used in theatrical performances tending to almost 3 feet long and would drag across the floor for spectacularly dramatic effect. Imagine walking into a party with 3 foot long sleeves (instant show stopper). Unfortunately, that wouldn't be the most practical thing to wear in the real world, so the sleeves were cut down to size to suit more normal measurements. Ideally, kimono sleeves have a deep armhole and the sleeve does not have a definite shoulder seam or armhole seam, which is its peculiarity. The main body of the garment and the sleeve are created from the same continuous piece of material, it, therefore, is also known as a 'grown-on' sleeve.How to style: Kimono sleeves are the trend this season and are perfect for wrap dresses, cinched-in waist secured with a sash that completely the whole traditional kimono look as a whole. Kimono sleeves are also great for sheer or silk blouses that go well with pants or pencil skirts. Shrugs with long kimono sleeves are an excellent way of adding a chic layer to casual jeans and tank top outfit. Cape wonder sleeveCape sleeves and capes are on the list of trending items this season. It's a cool look that speaks of elevated style and if you know just how to wear it and accessorize it, it can be a striking feature in your fashion diaries. Cape sleeves are can be traced back to the past with the introduction of the cloak. Capes were basically an outer garment that draped over the wearer and covered the shoulders, arms and was fastened at the neck. They were super popular back in medieval Europe (Try not to think of long Dracula-esque cape). After their heyday back in the dark ages, capes are back in the modern age to make a style statement unlike any other with designers offering new spins and innovations on trend to make classy and impart a sense of regality because every girl deserves to be a queen .Cape sleeves are most popularly seen on jackets - as the cape is essentially made for outerwear - that has been upgraded with bold new patterns, interesting new fabrics and showcased in varying lengths for every kind of occasion. The sleeves can either in be flared if made with softer fabrics or can be straight and sleek for a more defined structure.How to style: Cape sleeves are great on blazers and because the fabric is stiffer, the silhouette you acquire is impeccably sleek and very flattering; perfect for when you evolve from boss lady to modern queen! It is ideal for smart elegant formal wear or can be used to dress up a basic and top ensemble for a night out. Long flared, looser cape sleeves work well on dresses for an ultra-majestic look or on light pastel colored tops for those casual brunch days. Pick out any one of this season's trendiest sleeves and work it like a boss. Text: Crystal Symss Images: Yogen Shah Like history, fashion sure has a way of resurrecting back. Well, this year, fashionistas have re-adopted trends from the 90’s and we aren’t complaining one bit. One look around the fashion circle, and you’d be able to spot them! “This season is all about picking up trends from the 90’s decade and styling them with your own personal twist,” believes Azmeen Madhani Molo, fashion expert, Blush boutique. Stylist Chaitali Banavalikar-Kulkarni informs, “90s were a total game changer since people became more experimental about their style, rather than focusing on what a particular group of people are wearing.” These are our top picks for the season, have a look on how to style and slay these looks!					Of staple stringsThis quite modest piece of string worn across the neck dates back to 2500 BC! From denoting prostitution to denoting lesbianism, the choker has travelled quite practically everywhere. The choker, now sitting proudly in jewellery cases gained its due attention in the 1900’s because of Queen Alexandra of England when she flaunted one to hide a small scar. It further garnered attention when people started wearing plastic chokers in 1990’s. From Gwyneth Paltrow flashing one at the 1999 Academy Awards to Paris Hilton and Rihanna, every fashion diva has surrendered to the choker game. Back home, Zeenat Aman was one of the first celebrities to rock a choker. Of course, these days the humble choker has enjoyed popularity as celebrities such as Sonam Kapoor, Priyanka Chopra, etc. exhibit various types of choker including diamonds, lace, velvet, beads, leather, shoelace (Yep, even a shoelace can be worn as a choker!) Not only is it super stylish, it is also easy on the pocket and comes with a guarantee of making you seem like an Insta- goddess! Chokers are literally the easiest way to make you seem like you belong to the ‘you can’t sit with us’ tribe. The 90s saw the ‘it’ crowd styling their plastic cord with denim shorts and crops.Style guide: Chokers are something that could be worn throughout the day and beyond.  The strand science is pretty easy to grasp. (No Einstein IQ required here!). The only deciding factor to keep in mind to wear one is the neckline of the outfit that you would be wearing it with. Now, you could wear a dainty ribbon cord for a super casual day out in denim and a tee or could go glam displaying an extravagant bold crystal version with an off-shoulder gown. You could also parade around in multi-layered chokers by pairing them with low neckline outfits. “Chokers are in but can get common these days. Mix it up with a layer of other neck pieces of various lengths to give it a new and different look,” shares designer Neha Sharma. Moving on to traditional outfits, nothing like an Indian-ised version of a choker to pair with a lehenga for your oh-so-important mehendi function. Put together a statement piece of a pearl droplet choker with a sheer black sari and be prepared to make heads turn at the soiree! Return of the coy cropA moment of applause for Madeline Vionnet for if it wasn’t her, we really wouldn’t have been offered the cropped fashion. In 1932, Madeline Vionnet designed an evening gown with strategically cut openings at the waist. The design was accepted by the masses and how! By the 1940’s, women’s magazine had further enhanced the trend by exposing degrees of midriff. Teen magazines of late 1940’s and 1950’s too weren’t far behind and happily participated in the movement by flaunting midriff barring suits and tops. Although it was restricted to swimwear initially, since the trend was so widely accepted, it was only natural for it to have an upgrade and move into women’s wear.This was only the beginning for the coy crop top. Crop tops further moved ahead to become “the look” of the 1980’s. The midriff-baring piece of clothing found a fan in Madonna, who wore it in a lot of her albums. She even made it a part of her signature look. It further garnered tons of exposure on silver screen and was part of many iconic films such as Dirty Dancing and Flash Dance. Crop tops conquered the pop culture and became a major part of it all throughout the 90’s. The low rise jeans paired with belly shirts became a classic duo especially in the sector of music and television. Britney Spears too was seen parading around in the same quite often. While they were initially worn during daily workouts with leggings, the crop top progressed to being worn with denim for a casual look.Style guide: Fortunately, styling a crop top isn’t all that demanding as it is quite a versatile piece and each one of us can find a variant to work around with.  Cropped fashion isn’t restricted to the 20 something’s or to the women with washboard abs.  The beauty of it is that it can blend into your business wardrobe as efficiently as it can belong to your vacation travel suitcase. If you aren’t comfortable with taking a leap forward by sporting a short crop, you could always work your way up by taking a shirt or top and giving it a DIY crop makeover by tying it! Full sleeved short tops paired with full skirts are another way of toning down the flash. You could also pair one with a high-waisted pant or knife pleated palazzo and add a blazer to rock that conference at 3 pm at the workplace. “Who’s not a fan of crop tops? It pairs well with high-waisted bottoms. Throw on a shrug to avoid showing off too much (if you want to tone down the look),” shares Sharma. Matching separates like a crop and a skirt with heels and a colour pop sling could have you looking like a million bucks – that too, without having to spend it. Doesn’t it look like it’s time for you to head down to the store and invest in some crop tops now? From functional to fashionableGiven fashion’s fixation on everything mini this year, it was only a matter of time that this completely charming backpack came back marching into our lives with drum rolls. If you are a 90’s kid, you probably remember owning at least one of these bags that was then imprinted with your favourite cartoon character and taking it for a day out at the annual picnic or at the local dance class sessions. What once proudly sat proudly on our study tables is back yet again only looking fresher than ever. The backpack (the bigger version) came into existence in the 1920’s solely as a functional carrier. It was only much later when designers realized that they could transform it from being just functional to being more fashionable and mint money!  The mini backpack gained massive popularity when it materialized on screen in Amy Heckerling’s Clueless in 1995 slung over the shoulder of the fictional Cher and there was no looking back after that. Alicia Silverstone donned one with her plaid miniskirts and knee socks and carried it so well that it became a must-have accessory for everybody.While it did not have a lot of variants back then, today you have a number of varieties to choose from. Ranging from leather goodies to satin to even denim, the mini backpack does not disappoint. This super fun and chic miniature not only can be worn as a backpack but also serves well as a handbag (all you have to do is hold it by its handle on the top!) so yes, you can enjoy the best of two worlds effortlessly. Style guide: Heading for a movie? Take along a mini backpack in a bright shade that stands out, whilst going super casual in denim and a V-neck. You could probably never imagine cocktails and mini backpacks in the same sentence but yes, you could invest in a fancier leather mini backpack handbag and take it for a night out with the girlfriends. It looks good and keeps your hands free to hold your drink easily. While satin backpacks could be taken while shopping, you could resort to the denim ones for game night at the arcade or while cheating on the diet at the pizza parlour. “Not only could you carry them with western outfits but you could even pair a bling-y mini with a sari to a kitty party!” points out Molo. There really is no stopping this fun-sized bag this season, we really advise you to go grab one of these and join the tribe! Also, you’re welcome!  Denim dramaMost of us are positively familiar with how denim came into existence; it worked its way up from being worn solely by labourers to being warmly accepted by the masses. High-waisted denim is a different thing altogether. It was invented in 1940 when brand Levis produced clothing keeping in mind the women working on land and in factories. The particular style allowed them to retain their modesty as they had to bend down to work. In the 60s, Marilyn Monroe donned one with a belt and shirt tucked right in and starred in the movie called The Misfits. You probably don’t need us telling you how well the look was accepted and followed. Most of us still wear it the Monroe way even today. Banavalikar-Kulkarni makes note, “In the 90s, high-waisted jeans were worn with crop tops and that’s come as-is as a trend now. You can just pull over an open shirt for daily wear.”The brand Guess made denim all the more popular with its campaigns starring Claudia Schiffer, Naomi Campbell, Drew Barrymore, and the late Anna Nicole Smith. High-waisted denim is being offered in a lot of different washes and styles which is why most everybody succumbed to the trend. Full speed to 2018 and a quick peep to today’s fashion scenario and you would notice how so many people are embracing the high-waisted trend. Style guide: You really cannot go wrong with this piece of clothing. Not only does it make you look curvier, it also makes you look slimmer, curvy and tall. Easy to wear, and low-maintenance is what makes them a must-have. “Denims emphasize the curves so well; they look graceful,” informs Molo. Wearing a dark wash denim with a white V-neck and some hoops makes you look oh-so-sassy and effortless; throw in some tan handbag and nude blocks and you are ready to kill! Pair it off with a bling bralette and you’ve got your Saturday night OTTN ready! Try heading to the workplace in a pair with a satin floral shirt with these denims and be ready to nail the Friday dressing OOTD!  Majorly monochromeThis is a classic that has seen many versions through the years. Not only did this trend get plenty of space in the Chanel collection of yore but it was also a big time hit with its current design head, Karl Lagerfeld and featured regularly in his collections. The designer liked the winning blend so much that he wears the combination himself. The 60’s went gaga over anything and everything edgy. The black and white optical illusions were a hit. Women went on to adopt the black and white, simple yet stunning pieces and felt that it came equipped with power. Back then, polka dotted dresses paired with hats sold like hot cakes (and polka dots' trend is back again!). Down the eras, designers including Victoria Beckham, Carolina Herrerra were smitten by the monochrome bug too. The 90s saw this trend with a twist. It was not just about the black-and-whites, which themselves were in vogue, but monochrome also caught attention in its coloured version. Ensembles in varying tones of the same colour became a rage. And this trend in monochrome is back this season, with its own twist. “Monochrome in the 90s was more of bright colours, but these days, people have turned to pastels,” informs Banavalikar-Kulkarni.Style guide: “Styling monochrome is quite simple, a little tricky but mostly the end result is nothing short of remarkable,” shares Azmeen. Monochrome does require a thought before but looks really chic and classy once styled in the correct manner. Let’s brave the 2018 summer by keeping it simple in a white shirt and black jeggings and statement accessories like a bold neckpiece or earrings and some chunky bracelets. Black body con dresses worn with white capes make you look like nothing short of a fashion diva. Steer clear of prints and keep it simple as prints could break the look. Bright colours, along with trending pastels, work well for summers; why not wear a monochrome ensemble with a bright and pastel shade in the same colour like pink, blue or green?Text: Ravina SachdevImages: Yogen Shah and Shutterstock					Like history, fashion sure has a way of resurrecting back. Well, this year, fashionistas have re-adopted trends from the 90’s and we aren’t complaining one bit. One look around the fashion circle, and you’d be able to spot them! “This season is all about picking up trends from the 90’s decade and styling them with your own personal twist,” believes Azmeen Madhani Molo, fashion expert, Blush boutique. Stylist Chaitali Banavalikar-Kulkarni informs, “90s were a total game changer since people became more experimental about their style, rather than focusing on what a particular group of people are wearing.” These are our top picks for the season, have a look on how to style and slay these looks!					Of staple stringsThis quite modest piece of string worn across the neck dates back to 2500 BC! From denoting prostitution to denoting lesbianism, the choker has travelled quite practically everywhere. The choker, now sitting proudly in jewellery cases gained its due attention in the 1900’s because of Queen Alexandra of England when she flaunted one to hide a small scar. It further garnered attention when people started wearing plastic chokers in 1990’s. From Gwyneth Paltrow flashing one at the 1999 Academy Awards to Paris Hilton and Rihanna, every fashion diva has surrendered to the choker game. Back home, Zeenat Aman was one of the first celebrities to rock a choker. Of course, these days the humble choker has enjoyed popularity as celebrities such as Sonam Kapoor, Priyanka Chopra, etc. exhibit various types of choker including diamonds, lace, velvet, beads, leather, shoelace (Yep, even a shoelace can be worn as a choker!) Not only is it super stylish, it is also easy on the pocket and comes with a guarantee of making you seem like an Insta- goddess! Chokers are literally the easiest way to make you seem like you belong to the ‘you can’t sit with us’ tribe. The 90s saw the ‘it’ crowd styling their plastic cord with denim shorts and crops.Style guide: Chokers are something that could be worn throughout the day and beyond.  The strand science is pretty easy to grasp. (No Einstein IQ required here!). The only deciding factor to keep in mind to wear one is the neckline of the outfit that you would be wearing it with. Now, you could wear a dainty ribbon cord for a super casual day out in denim and a tee or could go glam displaying an extravagant bold crystal version with an off-shoulder gown. You could also parade around in multi-layered chokers by pairing them with low neckline outfits. “Chokers are in but can get common these days. Mix it up with a layer of other neck pieces of various lengths to give it a new and different look,” shares designer Neha Sharma. Moving on to traditional outfits, nothing like an Indian-ised version of a choker to pair with a lehenga for your oh-so-important mehendi function. Put together a statement piece of a pearl droplet choker with a sheer black sari and be prepared to make heads turn at the soiree! Return of the coy cropA moment of applause for Madeline Vionnet for if it wasn’t her, we really wouldn’t have been offered the cropped fashion. In 1932, Madeline Vionnet designed an evening gown with strategically cut openings at the waist. The design was accepted by the masses and how! By the 1940’s, women’s magazine had further enhanced the trend by exposing degrees of midriff. Teen magazines of late 1940’s and 1950’s too weren’t far behind and happily participated in the movement by flaunting midriff barring suits and tops. Although it was restricted to swimwear initially, since the trend was so widely accepted, it was only natural for it to have an upgrade and move into women’s wear.This was only the beginning for the coy crop top. Crop tops further moved ahead to become “the look” of the 1980’s. The midriff-baring piece of clothing found a fan in Madonna, who wore it in a lot of her albums. She even made it a part of her signature look. It further garnered tons of exposure on silver screen and was part of many iconic films such as Dirty Dancing and Flash Dance. Crop tops conquered the pop culture and became a major part of it all throughout the 90’s. The low rise jeans paired with belly shirts became a classic duo especially in the sector of music and television. Britney Spears too was seen parading around in the same quite often. While they were initially worn during daily workouts with leggings, the crop top progressed to being worn with denim for a casual look.Style guide: Fortunately, styling a crop top isn’t all that demanding as it is quite a versatile piece and each one of us can find a variant to work around with.  Cropped fashion isn’t restricted to the 20 something’s or to the women with washboard abs.  The beauty of it is that it can blend into your business wardrobe as efficiently as it can belong to your vacation travel suitcase. If you aren’t comfortable with taking a leap forward by sporting a short crop, you could always work your way up by taking a shirt or top and giving it a DIY crop makeover by tying it! Full sleeved short tops paired with full skirts are another way of toning down the flash. You could also pair one with a high-waisted pant or knife pleated palazzo and add a blazer to rock that conference at 3 pm at the workplace. “Who’s not a fan of crop tops? It pairs well with high-waisted bottoms. Throw on a shrug to avoid showing off too much (if you want to tone down the look),” shares Sharma. Matching separates like a crop and a skirt with heels and a colour pop sling could have you looking like a million bucks – that too, without having to spend it. Doesn’t it look like it’s time for you to head down to the store and invest in some crop tops now? From functional to fashionableGiven fashion’s fixation on everything mini this year, it was only a matter of time that this completely charming backpack came back marching into our lives with drum rolls. If you are a 90’s kid, you probably remember owning at least one of these bags that was then imprinted with your favourite cartoon character and taking it for a day out at the annual picnic or at the local dance class sessions. What once proudly sat proudly on our study tables is back yet again only looking fresher than ever. The backpack (the bigger version) came into existence in the 1920’s solely as a functional carrier. It was only much later when designers realized that they could transform it from being just functional to being more fashionable and mint money!  The mini backpack gained massive popularity when it materialized on screen in Amy Heckerling’s Clueless in 1995 slung over the shoulder of the fictional Cher and there was no looking back after that. Alicia Silverstone donned one with her plaid miniskirts and knee socks and carried it so well that it became a must-have accessory for everybody.While it did not have a lot of variants back then, today you have a number of varieties to choose from. Ranging from leather goodies to satin to even denim, the mini backpack does not disappoint. This super fun and chic miniature not only can be worn as a backpack but also serves well as a handbag (all you have to do is hold it by its handle on the top!) so yes, you can enjoy the best of two worlds effortlessly. Style guide: Heading for a movie? Take along a mini backpack in a bright shade that stands out, whilst going super casual in denim and a V-neck. You could probably never imagine cocktails and mini backpacks in the same sentence but yes, you could invest in a fancier leather mini backpack handbag and take it for a night out with the girlfriends. It looks good and keeps your hands free to hold your drink easily. While satin backpacks could be taken while shopping, you could resort to the denim ones for game night at the arcade or while cheating on the diet at the pizza parlour. “Not only could you carry them with western outfits but you could even pair a bling-y mini with a sari to a kitty party!” points out Molo. There really is no stopping this fun-sized bag this season, we really advise you to go grab one of these and join the tribe! Also, you’re welcome!  Denim dramaMost of us are positively familiar with how denim came into existence; it worked its way up from being worn solely by labourers to being warmly accepted by the masses. High-waisted denim is a different thing altogether. It was invented in 1940 when brand Levis produced clothing keeping in mind the women working on land and in factories. The particular style allowed them to retain their modesty as they had to bend down to work. In the 60s, Marilyn Monroe donned one with a belt and shirt tucked right in and starred in the movie called The Misfits. You probably don’t need us telling you how well the look was accepted and followed. Most of us still wear it the Monroe way even today. Banavalikar-Kulkarni makes note, “In the 90s, high-waisted jeans were worn with crop tops and that’s come as-is as a trend now. You can just pull over an open shirt for daily wear.”The brand Guess made denim all the more popular with its campaigns starring Claudia Schiffer, Naomi Campbell, Drew Barrymore, and the late Anna Nicole Smith. High-waisted denim is being offered in a lot of different washes and styles which is why most everybody succumbed to the trend. Full speed to 2018 and a quick peep to today’s fashion scenario and you would notice how so many people are embracing the high-waisted trend. Style guide: You really cannot go wrong with this piece of clothing. Not only does it make you look curvier, it also makes you look slimmer, curvy and tall. Easy to wear, and low-maintenance is what makes them a must-have. “Denims emphasize the curves so well; they look graceful,” informs Molo. Wearing a dark wash denim with a white V-neck and some hoops makes you look oh-so-sassy and effortless; throw in some tan handbag and nude blocks and you are ready to kill! Pair it off with a bling bralette and you’ve got your Saturday night OTTN ready! Try heading to the workplace in a pair with a satin floral shirt with these denims and be ready to nail the Friday dressing OOTD!  Majorly monochromeThis is a classic that has seen many versions through the years. Not only did this trend get plenty of space in the Chanel collection of yore but it was also a big time hit with its current design head, Karl Lagerfeld and featured regularly in his collections. The designer liked the winning blend so much that he wears the combination himself. The 60’s went gaga over anything and everything edgy. The black and white optical illusions were a hit. Women went on to adopt the black and white, simple yet stunning pieces and felt that it came equipped with power. Back then, polka dotted dresses paired with hats sold like hot cakes (and polka dots' trend is back again!). Down the eras, designers including Victoria Beckham, Carolina Herrerra were smitten by the monochrome bug too. The 90s saw this trend with a twist. It was not just about the black-and-whites, which themselves were in vogue, but monochrome also caught attention in its coloured version. Ensembles in varying tones of the same colour became a rage. And this trend in monochrome is back this season, with its own twist. “Monochrome in the 90s was more of bright colours, but these days, people have turned to pastels,” informs Banavalikar-Kulkarni.Style guide: “Styling monochrome is quite simple, a little tricky but mostly the end result is nothing short of remarkable,” shares Azmeen. Monochrome does require a thought before but looks really chic and classy once styled in the correct manner. Let’s brave the 2018 summer by keeping it simple in a white shirt and black jeggings and statement accessories like a bold neckpiece or earrings and some chunky bracelets. Black body con dresses worn with white capes make you look like nothing short of a fashion diva. Steer clear of prints and keep it simple as prints could break the look. Bright colours, along with trending pastels, work well for summers; why not wear a monochrome ensemble with a bright and pastel shade in the same colour like pink, blue or green?Text: Ravina SachdevImages: Yogen Shah and Shutterstock					Like history, fashion sure has a way of resurrecting back. Well, this year, fashionistas have re-adopted trends from the 90’s and we aren’t complaining one bit. One look around the fashion circle, and you’d be able to spot them! “This season is all about picking up trends from the 90’s decade and styling them with your own personal twist,” believes Azmeen Madhani Molo, fashion expert, Blush boutique. Stylist Chaitali Banavalikar-Kulkarni informs, “90s were a total game changer since people became more experimental about their style, rather than focusing on what a particular group of people are wearing.” These are our top picks for the season, have a look on how to style and slay these looks!					Of staple stringsThis quite modest piece of string worn across the neck dates back to 2500 BC! From denoting prostitution to denoting lesbianism, the choker has travelled quite practically everywhere. The choker, now sitting proudly in jewellery cases gained its due attention in the 1900’s because of Queen Alexandra of England when she flaunted one to hide a small scar. It further garnered attention when people started wearing plastic chokers in 1990’s. From Gwyneth Paltrow flashing one at the 1999 Academy Awards to Paris Hilton and Rihanna, every fashion diva has surrendered to the choker game. Back home, Zeenat Aman was one of the first celebrities to rock a choker. Of course, these days the humble choker has enjoyed popularity as celebrities such as Sonam Kapoor, Priyanka Chopra, etc. exhibit various types of choker including diamonds, lace, velvet, beads, leather, shoelace (Yep, even a shoelace can be worn as a choker!) Not only is it super stylish, it is also easy on the pocket and comes with a guarantee of making you seem like an Insta- goddess! Chokers are literally the easiest way to make you seem like you belong to the ‘you can’t sit with us’ tribe. The 90s saw the ‘it’ crowd styling their plastic cord with denim shorts and crops.Style guide: Chokers are something that could be worn throughout the day and beyond.  The strand science is pretty easy to grasp. (No Einstein IQ required here!). The only deciding factor to keep in mind to wear one is the neckline of the outfit that you would be wearing it with. Now, you could wear a dainty ribbon cord for a super casual day out in denim and a tee or could go glam displaying an extravagant bold crystal version with an off-shoulder gown. You could also parade around in multi-layered chokers by pairing them with low neckline outfits. “Chokers are in but can get common these days. Mix it up with a layer of other neck pieces of various lengths to give it a new and different look,” shares designer Neha Sharma. Moving on to traditional outfits, nothing like an Indian-ised version of a choker to pair with a lehenga for your oh-so-important mehendi function. Put together a statement piece of a pearl droplet choker with a sheer black sari and be prepared to make heads turn at the soiree! Return of the coy cropA moment of applause for Madeline Vionnet for if it wasn’t her, we really wouldn’t have been offered the cropped fashion. In 1932, Madeline Vionnet designed an evening gown with strategically cut openings at the waist. The design was accepted by the masses and how! By the 1940’s, women’s magazine had further enhanced the trend by exposing degrees of midriff. Teen magazines of late 1940’s and 1950’s too weren’t far behind and happily participated in the movement by flaunting midriff barring suits and tops. Although it was restricted to swimwear initially, since the trend was so widely accepted, it was only natural for it to have an upgrade and move into women’s wear.This was only the beginning for the coy crop top. Crop tops further moved ahead to become “the look” of the 1980’s. The midriff-baring piece of clothing found a fan in Madonna, who wore it in a lot of her albums. She even made it a part of her signature look. It further garnered tons of exposure on silver screen and was part of many iconic films such as Dirty Dancing and Flash Dance. Crop tops conquered the pop culture and became a major part of it all throughout the 90’s. The low rise jeans paired with belly shirts became a classic duo especially in the sector of music and television. Britney Spears too was seen parading around in the same quite often. While they were initially worn during daily workouts with leggings, the crop top progressed to being worn with denim for a casual look.Style guide: Fortunately, styling a crop top isn’t all that demanding as it is quite a versatile piece and each one of us can find a variant to work around with.  Cropped fashion isn’t restricted to the 20 something’s or to the women with washboard abs.  The beauty of it is that it can blend into your business wardrobe as efficiently as it can belong to your vacation travel suitcase. If you aren’t comfortable with taking a leap forward by sporting a short crop, you could always work your way up by taking a shirt or top and giving it a DIY crop makeover by tying it! Full sleeved short tops paired with full skirts are another way of toning down the flash. You could also pair one with a high-waisted pant or knife pleated palazzo and add a blazer to rock that conference at 3 pm at the workplace. “Who’s not a fan of crop tops? It pairs well with high-waisted bottoms. Throw on a shrug to avoid showing off too much (if you want to tone down the look),” shares Sharma. Matching separates like a crop and a skirt with heels and a colour pop sling could have you looking like a million bucks – that too, without having to spend it. Doesn’t it look like it’s time for you to head down to the store and invest in some crop tops now? From functional to fashionableGiven fashion’s fixation on everything mini this year, it was only a matter of time that this completely charming backpack came back marching into our lives with drum rolls. If you are a 90’s kid, you probably remember owning at least one of these bags that was then imprinted with your favourite cartoon character and taking it for a day out at the annual picnic or at the local dance class sessions. What once proudly sat proudly on our study tables is back yet again only looking fresher than ever. The backpack (the bigger version) came into existence in the 1920’s solely as a functional carrier. It was only much later when designers realized that they could transform it from being just functional to being more fashionable and mint money!  The mini backpack gained massive popularity when it materialized on screen in Amy Heckerling’s Clueless in 1995 slung over the shoulder of the fictional Cher and there was no looking back after that. Alicia Silverstone donned one with her plaid miniskirts and knee socks and carried it so well that it became a must-have accessory for everybody.While it did not have a lot of variants back then, today you have a number of varieties to choose from. Ranging from leather goodies to satin to even denim, the mini backpack does not disappoint. This super fun and chic miniature not only can be worn as a backpack but also serves well as a handbag (all you have to do is hold it by its handle on the top!) so yes, you can enjoy the best of two worlds effortlessly. Style guide: Heading for a movie? Take along a mini backpack in a bright shade that stands out, whilst going super casual in denim and a V-neck. You could probably never imagine cocktails and mini backpacks in the same sentence but yes, you could invest in a fancier leather mini backpack handbag and take it for a night out with the girlfriends. It looks good and keeps your hands free to hold your drink easily. While satin backpacks could be taken while shopping, you could resort to the denim ones for game night at the arcade or while cheating on the diet at the pizza parlour. “Not only could you carry them with western outfits but you could even pair a bling-y mini with a sari to a kitty party!” points out Molo. There really is no stopping this fun-sized bag this season, we really advise you to go grab one of these and join the tribe! Also, you’re welcome!  Denim dramaMost of us are positively familiar with how denim came into existence; it worked its way up from being worn solely by labourers to being warmly accepted by the masses. High-waisted denim is a different thing altogether. It was invented in 1940 when brand Levis produced clothing keeping in mind the women working on land and in factories. The particular style allowed them to retain their modesty as they had to bend down to work. In the 60s, Marilyn Monroe donned one with a belt and shirt tucked right in and starred in the movie called The Misfits. You probably don’t need us telling you how well the look was accepted and followed. Most of us still wear it the Monroe way even today. Banavalikar-Kulkarni makes note, “In the 90s, high-waisted jeans were worn with crop tops and that’s come as-is as a trend now. You can just pull over an open shirt for daily wear.”The brand Guess made denim all the more popular with its campaigns starring Claudia Schiffer, Naomi Campbell, Drew Barrymore, and the late Anna Nicole Smith. High-waisted denim is being offered in a lot of different washes and styles which is why most everybody succumbed to the trend. Full speed to 2018 and a quick peep to today’s fashion scenario and you would notice how so many people are embracing the high-waisted trend. Style guide: You really cannot go wrong with this piece of clothing. Not only does it make you look curvier, it also makes you look slimmer, curvy and tall. Easy to wear, and low-maintenance is what makes them a must-have. “Denims emphasize the curves so well; they look graceful,” informs Molo. Wearing a dark wash denim with a white V-neck and some hoops makes you look oh-so-sassy and effortless; throw in some tan handbag and nude blocks and you are ready to kill! Pair it off with a bling bralette and you’ve got your Saturday night OTTN ready! Try heading to the workplace in a pair with a satin floral shirt with these denims and be ready to nail the Friday dressing OOTD!  Majorly monochromeThis is a classic that has seen many versions through the years. Not only did this trend get plenty of space in the Chanel collection of yore but it was also a big time hit with its current design head, Karl Lagerfeld and featured regularly in his collections. The designer liked the winning blend so much that he wears the combination himself. The 60’s went gaga over anything and everything edgy. The black and white optical illusions were a hit. Women went on to adopt the black and white, simple yet stunning pieces and felt that it came equipped with power. Back then, polka dotted dresses paired with hats sold like hot cakes (and polka dots' trend is back again!). Down the eras, designers including Victoria Beckham, Carolina Herrerra were smitten by the monochrome bug too. The 90s saw this trend with a twist. It was not just about the black-and-whites, which themselves were in vogue, but monochrome also caught attention in its coloured version. Ensembles in varying tones of the same colour became a rage. And this trend in monochrome is back this season, with its own twist. “Monochrome in the 90s was more of bright colours, but these days, people have turned to pastels,” informs Banavalikar-Kulkarni.Style guide: “Styling monochrome is quite simple, a little tricky but mostly the end result is nothing short of remarkable,” shares Azmeen. Monochrome does require a thought before but looks really chic and classy once styled in the correct manner. Let’s brave the 2018 summer by keeping it simple in a white shirt and black jeggings and statement accessories like a bold neckpiece or earrings and some chunky bracelets. Black body con dresses worn with white capes make you look like nothing short of a fashion diva. Steer clear of prints and keep it simple as prints could break the look. Bright colours, along with trending pastels, work well for summers; why not wear a monochrome ensemble with a bright and pastel shade in the same colour like pink, blue or green?Text: Ravina SachdevImages: Yogen Shah and Shutterstock																		This season, up your shoe game by choosing the trendiest footwear in town. Here are our picks. So, step up with sculptural heels that will give you just the lift you need. Fall in line, ladies, we give you a list of haute heels to buy. PU leather slingback, Rs 5,999, Zara Leather mules, Rs 14,000, Lanecrawford.com Patent leather pumps, price on request, Balenciaga @ LeMill Recycled polyester slip-ons, Rs 5,999, H&M Leather slingback, price on request, Fendi Elastic heels, Rs 5,999, Charles & Keith Nubuck leather booties, Rs 8,999, Clarks 													This season, up your shoe game by choosing the trendiest footwear in town. Here are our picks. So, step up with sculptural heels that will give you just the lift you need. Fall in line, ladies, we give you a list of haute heels to buy. PU leather slingback, Rs 5,999, Zara Leather mules, Rs 14,000, Lanecrawford.com Patent leather pumps, price on request, Balenciaga @ LeMill Recycled polyester slip-ons, Rs 5,999, H&M Leather slingback, price on request, Fendi Elastic heels, Rs 5,999, Charles & Keith Nubuck leather booties, Rs 8,999, Clarks 													This season, up your shoe game by choosing the trendiest footwear in town. Here are our picks. So, step up with sculptural heels that will give you just the lift you need. Fall in line, ladies, we give you a list of haute heels to buy. PU leather slingback, Rs 5,999, Zara Leather mules, Rs 14,000, Lanecrawford.com Patent leather pumps, price on request, Balenciaga @ LeMill Recycled polyester slip-ons, Rs 5,999, H&M Leather slingback, price on request, Fendi Elastic heels, Rs 5,999, Charles & Keith Nubuck leather booties, Rs 8,999, Clarks From work to wedding functions, there are multiple moments when one can flaunt ethnic outfits. However, putting together the look requires time and effort, not to mention, going to different shops to buy accessories, shoes, etc that match your outfit. Not anymore. Mohey, the newly-launched website from the house of Manyavar, solves this problem by providing you with all your ethnic wear requirements at one destination. We pick our favourite looks from Mohey and tell you how to get your glam on this season. Designer green sari This pista-coloured sari, with delicate work on the border, is truly eye-catching. The elegant detailing makes it a must-have this season. Style the look with floral drop earrings and a statement ring. Pink sari with golden print This graceful and vibrant sari is a beautiful addition to your wardrobe and can be worn on any festive occasion. Keep your accessories to a minimum—try gold and white jhumkas and a polki ring to enhance the look. Velvet embroidered lehengaThis gorgeous lehenga is ideal for your sangeet or reception function, and will make you stand out in the crowd. The velvet fabric is embroidered with floral motifs, with the contrasting pink dupatta making you look elegant. Wear this outfit with minimal accessories like a golden bracelet and earrings. Yellow sari with golden border Flaunt this summery yellow sari that is simple and graceful and looks good during any occasion. The golden border of this sari adds to its oomph factor. You can team it up with drop earrings and a bracelet. Red bridal lehenga It is a statement outfit for brides-to-be, thanks to its flaming hue and golden motifs. Complete your look with a traditional nose ring and mathapatti. You can also opt for a choker or a statement neckpiece. Mint green suit This mint green suit with golden block prints can glam up your look instantly. The cream layer adds more grace to this outfit, and the matching dupatta and churidar make you look party-ready. Team it up with Mohey designer-wear earrings and a polki bracelet. Block-print sari If you want a more traditional look, opt for this block-print sari in blue that looks good in any draping style. Elegant drop earrings will increase the charm of this look, along with a chunky ring with polki stones. Beige bridal lehengaIf you don’t want to wear a red bridal outfit, this beige lehenga is perfect since it has elements of red only in the dupatta. Team it up with a stonework kamarbandh or waist belt, a ring, bracelet and other bridal accessories like statement earrings, a neckpiece and maang tikka. Navy blue sari This beautiful sari with a dull gold pattern is perfect for an evening soiree; the collared blouse only adding to its style quotient. Team it up with a polki-style statement ring and antique earrings to complete your look. Solid orange sari Another beauty from the Mohey collection, this solid orange drape with simple golden border has a festive vibe. If you plan to tie your hair up in a bun, opt for chandbali earrings that will make your look even more glamorous. Anarkali-style kurtiSummer is here and wearing comfortable, breathable clothes is a must. Keep things causal yet trendy with this anarkali-style kurti that can be worn to office or the mall, and looks amazing when paired with red leggings. To enhance this look, add classic silver studs or a stone-studded ring.																		The Amazon India Fashion Week (AIFW) took place in the capital from March 14 to 18, and put up a spectacular display of the hottest trends to watch out for by some of the country’s top designers. The show had many Bollywood showstoppers as well, who strutted on the ramp in style. We give you a lowdown of some of the best moments on the ramp at this fashion week.Day 1 of AIFW saw a joint show put up by Ashish N Soni and Gauri & Nainika. Vaani Kapoor was the showstopper for both the designers and opened this Bond-themed show with an ivory coloured gown complete with ruffles and net. The gown was by Gauri & Nainika. She also closed the show wearing a sharp tux designed by Ashish N Soni. Day 2 saw designer duo Karishma and Deepa Sondhi display their vibrant collection with Bipasha Basu as the showstopper. Floral detailing stood out in their collection, and Basu in a coral lehenga was the perfect way to close the show. Designer Malini Ramani also presented her collection on Day 2 of the fashion week. Hues of black, white and sand dominated her apparels along with dramatic stripes. Designer Nikasha’s collection was dominated by the gold-foil print on beautiful tones of gold, red and white. From lehengas to sarees to dresses, she displayed something for everyone in her collection.Actor Rhea Chakraborty turned showstopper for designer Rina Dhaka who also showcased her collection on Day 2 of AIFW. She wore a shimmery lace dress paired with suede boots to close the show. Day 3 of Amazon India Fashion Week saw designer Abhi Singh display his collection which consisted of collared dresses in muted tones. Day 4, the last day of AIFW saw designer Shruti Sancheti display layered fashion in her latest collection. There was a explosion of different patterns in her outfits. Designer Kanika Goyal showcased some edgy outfits on the ramp in a mix of pastel and vibrant hues. Designer Priyam Narayan on the other hand stuck to neutral shades of cool blues, lavender, beige, etc in his collection.  From work to wedding functions, there are multiple moments when one can flaunt ethnic outfits. However, putting together the look requires time and effort, not to mention, going to different shops to buy accessories, shoes, etc that match your outfit. Not anymore. Mohey, the newly-launched website from the house of Manyavar, solves this problem by providing you with all your ethnic wear requirements at one destination. We pick our favourite looks from Mohey and tell you how to get your glam on this season. Designer green sari This pista-coloured sari, with delicate work on the border, is truly eye-catching. The elegant detailing makes it a must-have this season. Style the look with floral drop earrings and a statement ring. Pink sari with golden print This graceful and vibrant sari is a beautiful addition to your wardrobe and can be worn on any festive occasion. Keep your accessories to a minimum—try gold and white jhumkas and a polki ring to enhance the look. Velvet embroidered lehengaThis gorgeous lehenga is ideal for your sangeet or reception function, and will make you stand out in the crowd. The velvet fabric is embroidered with floral motifs, with the contrasting pink dupatta making you look elegant. Wear this outfit with minimal accessories like a golden bracelet and earrings. Yellow sari with golden border Flaunt this summery yellow sari that is simple and graceful and looks good during any occasion. The golden border of this sari adds to its oomph factor. You can team it up with drop earrings and a bracelet. Red bridal lehenga It is a statement outfit for brides-to-be, thanks to its flaming hue and golden motifs. Complete your look with a traditional nose ring and mathapatti. You can also opt for a choker or a statement neckpiece. Mint green suit This mint green suit with golden block prints can glam up your look instantly. The cream layer adds more grace to this outfit, and the matching dupatta and churidar make you look party-ready. Team it up with Mohey designer-wear earrings and a polki bracelet. Block-print sari If you want a more traditional look, opt for this block-print sari in blue that looks good in any draping style. Elegant drop earrings will increase the charm of this look, along with a chunky ring with polki stones. Beige bridal lehengaIf you don’t want to wear a red bridal outfit, this beige lehenga is perfect since it has elements of red only in the dupatta. Team it up with a stonework kamarbandh or waist belt, a ring, bracelet and other bridal accessories like statement earrings, a neckpiece and maang tikka. Navy blue sari This beautiful sari with a dull gold pattern is perfect for an evening soiree; the collared blouse only adding to its style quotient. Team it up with a polki-style statement ring and antique earrings to complete your look. Solid orange sari Another beauty from the Mohey collection, this solid orange drape with simple golden border has a festive vibe. If you plan to tie your hair up in a bun, opt for chandbali earrings that will make your look even more glamorous. Anarkali-style kurtiSummer is here and wearing comfortable, breathable clothes is a must. Keep things causal yet trendy with this anarkali-style kurti that can be worn to office or the mall, and looks amazing when paired with red leggings. To enhance this look, add classic silver studs or a stone-studded ring.					From work to wedding functions, there are multiple moments when one can flaunt ethnic outfits. However, putting together the look requires time and effort, not to mention, going to different shops to buy accessories, shoes, etc that match your outfit. Not anymore. Mohey, the newly-launched website from the house of Manyavar, solves this problem by providing you with all your ethnic wear requirements at one destination. We pick our favourite looks from Mohey and tell you how to get your glam on this season. Designer green sari This pista-coloured sari, with delicate work on the border, is truly eye-catching. The elegant detailing makes it a must-have this season. Style the look with floral drop earrings and a statement ring. Pink sari with golden print This graceful and vibrant sari is a beautiful addition to your wardrobe and can be worn on any festive occasion. Keep your accessories to a minimum—try gold and white jhumkas and a polki ring to enhance the look. Velvet embroidered lehengaThis gorgeous lehenga is ideal for your sangeet or reception function, and will make you stand out in the crowd. The velvet fabric is embroidered with floral motifs, with the contrasting pink dupatta making you look elegant. Wear this outfit with minimal accessories like a golden bracelet and earrings. Yellow sari with golden border Flaunt this summery yellow sari that is simple and graceful and looks good during any occasion. The golden border of this sari adds to its oomph factor. You can team it up with drop earrings and a bracelet. Red bridal lehenga It is a statement outfit for brides-to-be, thanks to its flaming hue and golden motifs. Complete your look with a traditional nose ring and mathapatti. You can also opt for a choker or a statement neckpiece. Mint green suit This mint green suit with golden block prints can glam up your look instantly. The cream layer adds more grace to this outfit, and the matching dupatta and churidar make you look party-ready. Team it up with Mohey designer-wear earrings and a polki bracelet. Block-print sari If you want a more traditional look, opt for this block-print sari in blue that looks good in any draping style. Elegant drop earrings will increase the charm of this look, along with a chunky ring with polki stones. Beige bridal lehengaIf you don’t want to wear a red bridal outfit, this beige lehenga is perfect since it has elements of red only in the dupatta. Team it up with a stonework kamarbandh or waist belt, a ring, bracelet and other bridal accessories like statement earrings, a neckpiece and maang tikka. Navy blue sari This beautiful sari with a dull gold pattern is perfect for an evening soiree; the collared blouse only adding to its style quotient. Team it up with a polki-style statement ring and antique earrings to complete your look. Solid orange sari Another beauty from the Mohey collection, this solid orange drape with simple golden border has a festive vibe. If you plan to tie your hair up in a bun, opt for chandbali earrings that will make your look even more glamorous. Anarkali-style kurtiSummer is here and wearing comfortable, breathable clothes is a must. Keep things causal yet trendy with this anarkali-style kurti that can be worn to office or the mall, and looks amazing when paired with red leggings. To enhance this look, add classic silver studs or a stone-studded ring.																		The Amazon India Fashion Week (AIFW) took place in the capital from March 14 to 18, and put up a spectacular display of the hottest trends to watch out for by some of the country’s top designers. The show had many Bollywood showstoppers as well, who strutted on the ramp in style. We give you a lowdown of some of the best moments on the ramp at this fashion week.Day 1 of AIFW saw a joint show put up by Ashish N Soni and Gauri & Nainika. Vaani Kapoor was the showstopper for both the designers and opened this Bond-themed show with an ivory coloured gown complete with ruffles and net. The gown was by Gauri & Nainika. She also closed the show wearing a sharp tux designed by Ashish N Soni. Day 2 saw designer duo Karishma and Deepa Sondhi display their vibrant collection with Bipasha Basu as the showstopper. Floral detailing stood out in their collection, and Basu in a coral lehenga was the perfect way to close the show. Designer Malini Ramani also presented her collection on Day 2 of the fashion week. Hues of black, white and sand dominated her apparels along with dramatic stripes. Designer Nikasha’s collection was dominated by the gold-foil print on beautiful tones of gold, red and white. From lehengas to sarees to dresses, she displayed something for everyone in her collection.Actor Rhea Chakraborty turned showstopper for designer Rina Dhaka who also showcased her collection on Day 2 of AIFW. She wore a shimmery lace dress paired with suede boots to close the show. Day 3 of Amazon India Fashion Week saw designer Abhi Singh display his collection which consisted of collared dresses in muted tones. Day 4, the last day of AIFW saw designer Shruti Sancheti display layered fashion in her latest collection. There was a explosion of different patterns in her outfits. Designer Kanika Goyal showcased some edgy outfits on the ramp in a mix of pastel and vibrant hues. Designer Priyam Narayan on the other hand stuck to neutral shades of cool blues, lavender, beige, etc in his collection.  													The Amazon India Fashion Week (AIFW) took place in the capital from March 14 to 18, and put up a spectacular display of the hottest trends to watch out for by some of the country’s top designers. The show had many Bollywood showstoppers as well, who strutted on the ramp in style. We give you a lowdown of some of the best moments on the ramp at this fashion week.Day 1 of AIFW saw a joint show put up by Ashish N Soni and Gauri & Nainika. Vaani Kapoor was the showstopper for both the designers and opened this Bond-themed show with an ivory coloured gown complete with ruffles and net. The gown was by Gauri & Nainika. She also closed the show wearing a sharp tux designed by Ashish N Soni. Day 2 saw designer duo Karishma and Deepa Sondhi display their vibrant collection with Bipasha Basu as the showstopper. Floral detailing stood out in their collection, and Basu in a coral lehenga was the perfect way to close the show. Designer Malini Ramani also presented her collection on Day 2 of the fashion week. Hues of black, white and sand dominated her apparels along with dramatic stripes. Designer Nikasha’s collection was dominated by the gold-foil print on beautiful tones of gold, red and white. From lehengas to sarees to dresses, she displayed something for everyone in her collection.Actor Rhea Chakraborty turned showstopper for designer Rina Dhaka who also showcased her collection on Day 2 of AIFW. She wore a shimmery lace dress paired with suede boots to close the show. Day 3 of Amazon India Fashion Week saw designer Abhi Singh display his collection which consisted of collared dresses in muted tones. Day 4, the last day of AIFW saw designer Shruti Sancheti display layered fashion in her latest collection. There was a explosion of different patterns in her outfits. Designer Kanika Goyal showcased some edgy outfits on the ramp in a mix of pastel and vibrant hues. Designer Priyam Narayan on the other hand stuck to neutral shades of cool blues, lavender, beige, etc in his collection.  Spring’s here and it is time to shun jackets and wear style on your sleeve, quite literally. The hottest trend this season is flaunting statement sleeves, be it bell, puffy, bishop or ruffled. It’s one little detail that can instantly uplift your look and make the monotonous look modern. Max Fashion’s Spring ’18 collection is high on sleeve drama, which is just what we need in our wardrobe.  Ruffle sleevesA white top with ruffle sleeves is the perfect spring outfit that can be perfectly paired with just about anything. You can opt for a denim skirt with suspenders and add a pop of colour with a pair of pink stilettos. Or, wear it with culottes if you want a more breezy look.  Bell sleevesBell sleeves are still the rage and you cannot not have one in your closet. The best part? It is comfortable and fashionable at the same time. Pair a plain bell sleeves top with a printed skirt and accessorise with oversized sunglasses for a casual-chic vibe.  Kimono sleevesIf you want something dressier that can help you go from office to evening look in a jiffy, kimono sleeves is your answer. The floral print adds to its charm and looks best with solid black or white pants. Whether you are looking for a cute top for a date night or something to wear to work, sleeves are the way to add that oomph to any outfit. With so many options to choose from, Max Fashion’s latest collection offers the perfect spring style we need RN.To view the collection, log on to www.maxfashion.com 													Have you ever heard of the Type A and B personality types? We might be able to tell you which type you are, only based on your fashion choices! Yes, it’s really that simple. Take the quiz and find out. 1. You need to make a solid first impression on a blind date. What do you do? a) You head to the mall with a clear idea of what your ensemble will be, with backups in case you don’t find what you’re looking for.b) You look through your closet, pick out clothes that will work, but shop for new accessories that will up the glam. c) You put together a look using your favourites from your closet. The idea of a date is to get to know the real you, right?  2. Which of these phrases best describes your wardrobe?a) Organised and filled with sensible separatesb) Timeless and covering a wide range of stylesc) Eclectic and full of colour 3. How do you usually shop for new clothes or accessories? a) You make a list of things you need and adhere to it strictlyb) You head out with an open mind and buy a few things that you really likec) You buy EVERYTHING you see on impulse! 4. How much time would you say you spend getting ready?a) You’re always the one that’s ready first. You don’t need much time if you know what you’re doing. b) It depends on the occasion. You take minutes for a casual outing but hours for a wedding. c) You’re notoriously (and unapologetically) late because you don’t step out until you’ve changed three times. 5. If you find someone wearing the same outfit as you, how do you react?a) You get annoyed and want to make sure that you’re pulling off the look better than them.b) You’re not a fan of the idea, so you spend the day avoiding being seen next to them.c) You’re #Twinning! This calls for a selfie! Mostly As  Type A Personality: Type As are ambitious and proactive. You love planning ahead and go over and above what is expected of you. The fact that you put so much time and effort into everything you do means that you’re fiercely competitive, and sometimes invite unnecessarily stressful situations. You’ve probably been called a control freak before, and you know the title is well deserved. You pride yourself in your ability to be organised, on time and efficient. Mostly Bs  Somewhere in between: You are all about adapting to circumstances. Falling on neutral ground between competitive and laidback, you are well-adjusted and change your approach based on what is called for. You are capable of being both a fearless leader and a willing team player. When you commit to something, you go all in, but you also know when it’s time to take a step back and detach yourself from a situation.  Mostly Cs  Type B Personality: You’re relaxed and believe in going with the flow. You are the kind of person to stop to smell the roses, and are known to enjoy the little things. People often mistake your laidback nature for inefficiency, but you know you can get things done without stressing yourself out. You’re not so much about the results as you are about the process, which is why you are good at tasks that require creativity and innovation.					Spring’s here and it is time to shun jackets and wear style on your sleeve, quite literally. The hottest trend this season is flaunting statement sleeves, be it bell, puffy, bishop or ruffled. It’s one little detail that can instantly uplift your look and make the monotonous look modern. Max Fashion’s Spring ’18 collection is high on sleeve drama, which is just what we need in our wardrobe.  Ruffle sleevesA white top with ruffle sleeves is the perfect spring outfit that can be perfectly paired with just about anything. You can opt for a denim skirt with suspenders and add a pop of colour with a pair of pink stilettos. Or, wear it with culottes if you want a more breezy look.  Bell sleevesBell sleeves are still the rage and you cannot not have one in your closet. The best part? It is comfortable and fashionable at the same time. Pair a plain bell sleeves top with a printed skirt and accessorise with oversized sunglasses for a casual-chic vibe.  Kimono sleevesIf you want something dressier that can help you go from office to evening look in a jiffy, kimono sleeves is your answer. The floral print adds to its charm and looks best with solid black or white pants. Whether you are looking for a cute top for a date night or something to wear to work, sleeves are the way to add that oomph to any outfit. With so many options to choose from, Max Fashion’s latest collection offers the perfect spring style we need RN.To view the collection, log on to www.maxfashion.com Spring’s here and it is time to shun jackets and wear style on your sleeve, quite literally. The hottest trend this season is flaunting statement sleeves, be it bell, puffy, bishop or ruffled. It’s one little detail that can instantly uplift your look and make the monotonous look modern. Max Fashion’s Spring ’18 collection is high on sleeve drama, which is just what we need in our wardrobe.  Ruffle sleevesA white top with ruffle sleeves is the perfect spring outfit that can be perfectly paired with just about anything. You can opt for a denim skirt with suspenders and add a pop of colour with a pair of pink stilettos. Or, wear it with culottes if you want a more breezy look.  Bell sleevesBell sleeves are still the rage and you cannot not have one in your closet. The best part? It is comfortable and fashionable at the same time. Pair a plain bell sleeves top with a printed skirt and accessorise with oversized sunglasses for a casual-chic vibe.  Kimono sleevesIf you want something dressier that can help you go from office to evening look in a jiffy, kimono sleeves is your answer. The floral print adds to its charm and looks best with solid black or white pants. Whether you are looking for a cute top for a date night or something to wear to work, sleeves are the way to add that oomph to any outfit. With so many options to choose from, Max Fashion’s latest collection offers the perfect spring style we need RN.To view the collection, log on to www.maxfashion.com 													Have you ever heard of the Type A and B personality types? We might be able to tell you which type you are, only based on your fashion choices! Yes, it’s really that simple. Take the quiz and find out. 1. You need to make a solid first impression on a blind date. What do you do? a) You head to the mall with a clear idea of what your ensemble will be, with backups in case you don’t find what you’re looking for.b) You look through your closet, pick out clothes that will work, but shop for new accessories that will up the glam. c) You put together a look using your favourites from your closet. The idea of a date is to get to know the real you, right?  2. Which of these phrases best describes your wardrobe?a) Organised and filled with sensible separatesb) Timeless and covering a wide range of stylesc) Eclectic and full of colour 3. How do you usually shop for new clothes or accessories? a) You make a list of things you need and adhere to it strictlyb) You head out with an open mind and buy a few things that you really likec) You buy EVERYTHING you see on impulse! 4. How much time would you say you spend getting ready?a) You’re always the one that’s ready first. You don’t need much time if you know what you’re doing. b) It depends on the occasion. You take minutes for a casual outing but hours for a wedding. c) You’re notoriously (and unapologetically) late because you don’t step out until you’ve changed three times. 5. If you find someone wearing the same outfit as you, how do you react?a) You get annoyed and want to make sure that you’re pulling off the look better than them.b) You’re not a fan of the idea, so you spend the day avoiding being seen next to them.c) You’re #Twinning! This calls for a selfie! Mostly As  Type A Personality: Type As are ambitious and proactive. You love planning ahead and go over and above what is expected of you. The fact that you put so much time and effort into everything you do means that you’re fiercely competitive, and sometimes invite unnecessarily stressful situations. You’ve probably been called a control freak before, and you know the title is well deserved. You pride yourself in your ability to be organised, on time and efficient. Mostly Bs  Somewhere in between: You are all about adapting to circumstances. Falling on neutral ground between competitive and laidback, you are well-adjusted and change your approach based on what is called for. You are capable of being both a fearless leader and a willing team player. When you commit to something, you go all in, but you also know when it’s time to take a step back and detach yourself from a situation.  Mostly Cs  Type B Personality: You’re relaxed and believe in going with the flow. You are the kind of person to stop to smell the roses, and are known to enjoy the little things. People often mistake your laidback nature for inefficiency, but you know you can get things done without stressing yourself out. You’re not so much about the results as you are about the process, which is why you are good at tasks that require creativity and innovation.																		Have you ever heard of the Type A and B personality types? We might be able to tell you which type you are, only based on your fashion choices! Yes, it’s really that simple. Take the quiz and find out. 1. You need to make a solid first impression on a blind date. What do you do? a) You head to the mall with a clear idea of what your ensemble will be, with backups in case you don’t find what you’re looking for.b) You look through your closet, pick out clothes that will work, but shop for new accessories that will up the glam. c) You put together a look using your favourites from your closet. The idea of a date is to get to know the real you, right?  2. Which of these phrases best describes your wardrobe?a) Organised and filled with sensible separatesb) Timeless and covering a wide range of stylesc) Eclectic and full of colour 3. How do you usually shop for new clothes or accessories? a) You make a list of things you need and adhere to it strictlyb) You head out with an open mind and buy a few things that you really likec) You buy EVERYTHING you see on impulse! 4. How much time would you say you spend getting ready?a) You’re always the one that’s ready first. You don’t need much time if you know what you’re doing. b) It depends on the occasion. You take minutes for a casual outing but hours for a wedding. c) You’re notoriously (and unapologetically) late because you don’t step out until you’ve changed three times. 5. If you find someone wearing the same outfit as you, how do you react?a) You get annoyed and want to make sure that you’re pulling off the look better than them.b) You’re not a fan of the idea, so you spend the day avoiding being seen next to them.c) You’re #Twinning! This calls for a selfie! Mostly As  Type A Personality: Type As are ambitious and proactive. You love planning ahead and go over and above what is expected of you. The fact that you put so much time and effort into everything you do means that you’re fiercely competitive, and sometimes invite unnecessarily stressful situations. You’ve probably been called a control freak before, and you know the title is well deserved. You pride yourself in your ability to be organised, on time and efficient. Mostly Bs  Somewhere in between: You are all about adapting to circumstances. Falling on neutral ground between competitive and laidback, you are well-adjusted and change your approach based on what is called for. You are capable of being both a fearless leader and a willing team player. When you commit to something, you go all in, but you also know when it’s time to take a step back and detach yourself from a situation.  Mostly Cs  Type B Personality: You’re relaxed and believe in going with the flow. You are the kind of person to stop to smell the roses, and are known to enjoy the little things. People often mistake your laidback nature for inefficiency, but you know you can get things done without stressing yourself out. You’re not so much about the results as you are about the process, which is why you are good at tasks that require creativity and innovation.					Belted sarisThe traditional nine-yards gets a chic makeover with designers streamlining the silhouette at the waist using metallic belts.As seen at: SanjuktaDutta; Shantanu & Nikhil Mighty monochromeEven though it was a summer/resort presentation, designers couldn’t keep themselves off the classic black-and-white-combo. The result—stark monochrome silhouettes cascaded down the catwalk.As seen at: Aikeyah; Shantanu & Nikhil Ruffled upLightweight ruffles in floaty adorned dresses and sleeves and added a dramatic flair to the outfits.As seen at: ShriyaSom; Ashwini Reddy Wrap dressesThese new summer dresses looked effortlessly sexy on the runway. Just remember to keep your look clean and you are good to go.As seen at: NishkaLulla; Verandah Edgy bustierWhen you work hard, it’s gotta show. This season, designers went for bustiers, pairing it with lehenga skirts and flared trousers.As seen at:ShriyaSom; PayalSinghal					80s glamDesigners played with opulence and high-octane glamour to make a shining statement on the runways of Lakme Fashion WeekAs seen at: 431-88, Faguni& Shane Peacock, TarunTahiliani Oversized sleevesThe humble sleeve has raised its game by a notch with exaggerated forms that swallow your hand.As seen at: Asa Kazingmei, Bloni Anti-fit dressesSummer’s staple anti-fit silhouettes are guaranteed to turn heads this season. As seen at: Asa Kazingmei, Vrisa Feathers’80s opulence came hand-in-hand with dramatic plumes and fringes shimmying down the runway.As seen at: Falguni& Shane Peacock, 431-88 Neutral paletteStaying away from bold colours, designers opted for a sombre shade card this season. Think beiges, greiges and nudes.As seen at: Amoh by Jade, Vrisa					Belted sarisThe traditional nine-yards gets a chic makeover with designers streamlining the silhouette at the waist using metallic belts.As seen at: SanjuktaDutta; Shantanu & Nikhil Mighty monochromeEven though it was a summer/resort presentation, designers couldn’t keep themselves off the classic black-and-white-combo. The result—stark monochrome silhouettes cascaded down the catwalk.As seen at: Aikeyah; Shantanu & Nikhil Ruffled upLightweight ruffles in floaty adorned dresses and sleeves and added a dramatic flair to the outfits.As seen at: ShriyaSom; Ashwini Reddy Wrap dressesThese new summer dresses looked effortlessly sexy on the runway. Just remember to keep your look clean and you are good to go.As seen at: NishkaLulla; Verandah Edgy bustierWhen you work hard, it’s gotta show. This season, designers went for bustiers, pairing it with lehenga skirts and flared trousers.As seen at:ShriyaSom; PayalSinghal					Belted sarisThe traditional nine-yards gets a chic makeover with designers streamlining the silhouette at the waist using metallic belts.As seen at: SanjuktaDutta; Shantanu & Nikhil Mighty monochromeEven though it was a summer/resort presentation, designers couldn’t keep themselves off the classic black-and-white-combo. The result—stark monochrome silhouettes cascaded down the catwalk.As seen at: Aikeyah; Shantanu & Nikhil Ruffled upLightweight ruffles in floaty adorned dresses and sleeves and added a dramatic flair to the outfits.As seen at: ShriyaSom; Ashwini Reddy Wrap dressesThese new summer dresses looked effortlessly sexy on the runway. Just remember to keep your look clean and you are good to go.As seen at: NishkaLulla; Verandah Edgy bustierWhen you work hard, it’s gotta show. This season, designers went for bustiers, pairing it with lehenga skirts and flared trousers.As seen at:ShriyaSom; PayalSinghal					80s glamDesigners played with opulence and high-octane glamour to make a shining statement on the runways of Lakme Fashion WeekAs seen at: 431-88, Faguni& Shane Peacock, TarunTahiliani Oversized sleevesThe humble sleeve has raised its game by a notch with exaggerated forms that swallow your hand.As seen at: Asa Kazingmei, Bloni Anti-fit dressesSummer’s staple anti-fit silhouettes are guaranteed to turn heads this season. As seen at: Asa Kazingmei, Vrisa Feathers’80s opulence came hand-in-hand with dramatic plumes and fringes shimmying down the runway.As seen at: Falguni& Shane Peacock, 431-88 Neutral paletteStaying away from bold colours, designers opted for a sombre shade card this season. Think beiges, greiges and nudes.As seen at: Amoh by Jade, Vrisa					80s glamDesigners played with opulence and high-octane glamour to make a shining statement on the runways of Lakme Fashion WeekAs seen at: 431-88, Faguni& Shane Peacock, TarunTahiliani Oversized sleevesThe humble sleeve has raised its game by a notch with exaggerated forms that swallow your hand.As seen at: Asa Kazingmei, Bloni Anti-fit dressesSummer’s staple anti-fit silhouettes are guaranteed to turn heads this season. As seen at: Asa Kazingmei, Vrisa Feathers’80s opulence came hand-in-hand with dramatic plumes and fringes shimmying down the runway.As seen at: Falguni& Shane Peacock, 431-88 Neutral paletteStaying away from bold colours, designers opted for a sombre shade card this season. Think beiges, greiges and nudes.As seen at: Amoh by Jade, Vrisa					Extra long beltsThe street style connoisseur in us came alive at the first sight of this soon to be IT accessory. Extra long belts added just the hint of drama we needed to spruce up our wardrobe. Seen at Dhruv Kapoor, Ritu Kumar, Rara Avis Sheer handloomsAnother constant through most shows we saw were see-through silks and natural fabrics. What more would you ask for in this sweltering tropical climate? Seen at Urvashi Kaur, Amrich, Rara Avis All stripesAll sorts of stripes from pole to pin to mixed graces the runways yesterday. Adding a bit of maturity to experimental silhouttes, looks like the trend is here to stay.Seen at Dhruv Kapoor, GenNext, Ragini Ahuja, Naushad Ali Check me outWindow pane checks, asymmetrical, gingham, recurring occurrences of the classic fabric made us want to deck up our closets in it. Bonus points for sheer checks.Seen at: GenNext, Amrich, Urvashi Kaur, Naushad AliPS: Interesting clash of prints, pair your checks with your stripes for an off the runway look. Shine onfrom trends that we are glad to see again and again, high-shine tops the list. Earthy metallics in fluid silhouettes were at the forefront at Day 1 of Lakmé Fashion Week. Rara Avis takes the cake with superb composition and experimental fabric.Seen at: Dhruv Kapoor, Half Full Curve, Label Ritu Kumar, Rara Avis																		Designers are playing up the sleeve this season and the results are lust-worthy. B-town divas were quick to pick up on this international trend and make it their own. Here are some of our favourites.Sonam Kapoor in Hyun Mi NielsenPriyanka Chopra in Zadig Voltaire													Kriti Sanon in Nikhil Thampi													Kriti Sanon in Madison													Deepika Padukone in Monisha Jaising													Priyanka Chopra in Ester Abner													Sonam Kapoor in Kojak studio													Radhika Apte													Diana Penty in Amit Aggarwal													Kangana Ranut in Tony Ward couture Extra long beltsThe street style connoisseur in us came alive at the first sight of this soon to be IT accessory. Extra long belts added just the hint of drama we needed to spruce up our wardrobe. Seen at Dhruv Kapoor, Ritu Kumar, Rara Avis Sheer handloomsAnother constant through most shows we saw were see-through silks and natural fabrics. What more would you ask for in this sweltering tropical climate? Seen at Urvashi Kaur, Amrich, Rara Avis All stripesAll sorts of stripes from pole to pin to mixed graces the runways yesterday. Adding a bit of maturity to experimental silhouttes, looks like the trend is here to stay.Seen at Dhruv Kapoor, GenNext, Ragini Ahuja, Naushad Ali Check me outWindow pane checks, asymmetrical, gingham, recurring occurrences of the classic fabric made us want to deck up our closets in it. Bonus points for sheer checks.Seen at: GenNext, Amrich, Urvashi Kaur, Naushad AliPS: Interesting clash of prints, pair your checks with your stripes for an off the runway look. Shine onfrom trends that we are glad to see again and again, high-shine tops the list. Earthy metallics in fluid silhouettes were at the forefront at Day 1 of Lakmé Fashion Week. Rara Avis takes the cake with superb composition and experimental fabric.Seen at: Dhruv Kapoor, Half Full Curve, Label Ritu Kumar, Rara Avis					Extra long beltsThe street style connoisseur in us came alive at the first sight of this soon to be IT accessory. Extra long belts added just the hint of drama we needed to spruce up our wardrobe. Seen at Dhruv Kapoor, Ritu Kumar, Rara Avis Sheer handloomsAnother constant through most shows we saw were see-through silks and natural fabrics. What more would you ask for in this sweltering tropical climate? Seen at Urvashi Kaur, Amrich, Rara Avis All stripesAll sorts of stripes from pole to pin to mixed graces the runways yesterday. Adding a bit of maturity to experimental silhouttes, looks like the trend is here to stay.Seen at Dhruv Kapoor, GenNext, Ragini Ahuja, Naushad Ali Check me outWindow pane checks, asymmetrical, gingham, recurring occurrences of the classic fabric made us want to deck up our closets in it. Bonus points for sheer checks.Seen at: GenNext, Amrich, Urvashi Kaur, Naushad AliPS: Interesting clash of prints, pair your checks with your stripes for an off the runway look. Shine onfrom trends that we are glad to see again and again, high-shine tops the list. Earthy metallics in fluid silhouettes were at the forefront at Day 1 of Lakmé Fashion Week. Rara Avis takes the cake with superb composition and experimental fabric.Seen at: Dhruv Kapoor, Half Full Curve, Label Ritu Kumar, Rara Avis																		Designers are playing up the sleeve this season and the results are lust-worthy. B-town divas were quick to pick up on this international trend and make it their own. Here are some of our favourites.Sonam Kapoor in Hyun Mi NielsenPriyanka Chopra in Zadig Voltaire													Kriti Sanon in Nikhil Thampi													Kriti Sanon in Madison													Deepika Padukone in Monisha Jaising													Priyanka Chopra in Ester Abner													Sonam Kapoor in Kojak studio													Radhika Apte													Diana Penty in Amit Aggarwal													Kangana Ranut in Tony Ward couture 													Designers are playing up the sleeve this season and the results are lust-worthy. B-town divas were quick to pick up on this international trend and make it their own. Here are some of our favourites.Sonam Kapoor in Hyun Mi NielsenPriyanka Chopra in Zadig Voltaire													Kriti Sanon in Nikhil Thampi													Kriti Sanon in Madison													Deepika Padukone in Monisha Jaising													Priyanka Chopra in Ester Abner													Sonam Kapoor in Kojak studio													Radhika Apte													Diana Penty in Amit Aggarwal													Kangana Ranut in Tony Ward couture 													The past few years have seen the rise of boudoir dressing, outside the confines of the bedroom and into broad daylight. This trend with its ’90s nostalgia, sensual camisoles, lacy slip dresses and luxe pajamas is becoming a mainstay on the red carpet as celebs worldwide can be seen ditching the gown for these effortlessly cool separates. Channel your femininity in a pair of pajama trousers with details like contrast side piping, in a kimono-styled silk blazer or in a pop-coloured camisole with lace detailing. This is what dreams are made of.Priyanka Chopra in Ester AbnerPriyanka Chopra in Grey Jason Wu Deepika Padukone in Sabyasachi Taapsee Pannu in Little Things Gigi Hadid 													The past few years have seen the rise of boudoir dressing, outside the confines of the bedroom and into broad daylight. This trend with its ’90s nostalgia, sensual camisoles, lacy slip dresses and luxe pajamas is becoming a mainstay on the red carpet as celebs worldwide can be seen ditching the gown for these effortlessly cool separates. Channel your femininity in a pair of pajama trousers with details like contrast side piping, in a kimono-styled silk blazer or in a pop-coloured camisole with lace detailing. This is what dreams are made of.Priyanka Chopra in Ester AbnerPriyanka Chopra in Grey Jason Wu Deepika Padukone in Sabyasachi Taapsee Pannu in Little Things Gigi Hadid 													The past few years have seen the rise of boudoir dressing, outside the confines of the bedroom and into broad daylight. This trend with its ’90s nostalgia, sensual camisoles, lacy slip dresses and luxe pajamas is becoming a mainstay on the red carpet as celebs worldwide can be seen ditching the gown for these effortlessly cool separates. Channel your femininity in a pair of pajama trousers with details like contrast side piping, in a kimono-styled silk blazer or in a pop-coloured camisole with lace detailing. This is what dreams are made of.Priyanka Chopra in Ester AbnerPriyanka Chopra in Grey Jason Wu Deepika Padukone in Sabyasachi Taapsee Pannu in Little Things Gigi Hadid 													Checks are all the rage right now, but with so many different variants out there, it’s hard to know your tartans from your windowpanes. We demystify the main types so you can pull them off like the women of Bollywood.GinghamGingham is one of the most common variants you can wear. It’s a basic, evenly-sized checkered pattern with no more than two colours. While it’s most commonly used on shirts, you could also pair matching separates like this bandeau-skirt combo on Alia Bhatt.Play with the size of the print for different results, like this mini-check jacket on Bhumi Pednekar.Windowpane checksWindowpane checks are exactly what they sound like – thin, spaced out checks that form a graph-like pattern. Since they’re subtle, they work great when you’re wearing print-on-print, like this checked blouse and striped sari on Jacqueline Fernandez.Vidya Balan sports the thicker variant of the windowpane check in this Kanjeevaram sari.Bend the rules and wear dotted checks instead of stripes like this cropped top on Tamannaah Bhatia.TartanTraditionally used for Scottish kilts, tartan is formed with unequally-sized checks, in two or more colours. Sonakshi Sinha wears a tartan slip dress over a plain white tee for a casual ensemble.This gathered-waist tartan skirt on Sonam Kapoor pays tribute to the original Scot kiln.If you’re looking for something more feminine, this tartan off-shoulder dress on Huma Qureshi is a good place to start. 													If you didn’t know what a coat dress (aka trench dress) was earlier, Priyanka Chopra’s 2017 Met Gala look surely taught you a thing or two. The Ralph Lauren dress (and the train attached to it) that entered our collective conscience last year might be too avant-garde to pull off on an occasion that doesn’t involve a red carpet, but that’s no reason for you to shy away from trying the trend that all of B-Town seems to now be obsessed with. Here’s all the coat dress inspiration you’ll need.Minimal and monochrome were the two keywords for Aditi Rao Hydari in this white Zara coat worn with black booties.													Shilpa Shetty Kundra looks like royalty in this red, fit-and-flare trench dress by Madison.													Match your lipstick with your printed coatdress like Kajol Devgan.													Millennial pink can step aside to make way for hot pink. – Kajal Aggarwal in Plakinger.													For the risqué at heart, play a little peek-a-boo with your lingerie like Rhea Chakraborty.													We’re not quite over the mustard colour trend, and clearly Genelia Deshmukh in Twelve AM:PM agrees.													Flaunt those legs like Parul Gulati in a maroon coat dress by Zara.													A variant of the coat dress is the blazer dress, like this ruffle-detail number by Nishka Lulla on Rakul Preet Singh													Sonakshi Sinha mixes it up with a solid, longline wrap coat over an embellished top, by Nikita Mhaisalkar.													Add some colour with a belt or skirt underneath, or both, like Surveen Chawla in Madison (jacket) and Cover Story (skirt). 													Checks are all the rage right now, but with so many different variants out there, it’s hard to know your tartans from your windowpanes. We demystify the main types so you can pull them off like the women of Bollywood.GinghamGingham is one of the most common variants you can wear. It’s a basic, evenly-sized checkered pattern with no more than two colours. While it’s most commonly used on shirts, you could also pair matching separates like this bandeau-skirt combo on Alia Bhatt.Play with the size of the print for different results, like this mini-check jacket on Bhumi Pednekar.Windowpane checksWindowpane checks are exactly what they sound like – thin, spaced out checks that form a graph-like pattern. Since they’re subtle, they work great when you’re wearing print-on-print, like this checked blouse and striped sari on Jacqueline Fernandez.Vidya Balan sports the thicker variant of the windowpane check in this Kanjeevaram sari.Bend the rules and wear dotted checks instead of stripes like this cropped top on Tamannaah Bhatia.TartanTraditionally used for Scottish kilts, tartan is formed with unequally-sized checks, in two or more colours. Sonakshi Sinha wears a tartan slip dress over a plain white tee for a casual ensemble.This gathered-waist tartan skirt on Sonam Kapoor pays tribute to the original Scot kiln.If you’re looking for something more feminine, this tartan off-shoulder dress on Huma Qureshi is a good place to start. 													Checks are all the rage right now, but with so many different variants out there, it’s hard to know your tartans from your windowpanes. We demystify the main types so you can pull them off like the women of Bollywood.GinghamGingham is one of the most common variants you can wear. It’s a basic, evenly-sized checkered pattern with no more than two colours. While it’s most commonly used on shirts, you could also pair matching separates like this bandeau-skirt combo on Alia Bhatt.Play with the size of the print for different results, like this mini-check jacket on Bhumi Pednekar.Windowpane checksWindowpane checks are exactly what they sound like – thin, spaced out checks that form a graph-like pattern. Since they’re subtle, they work great when you’re wearing print-on-print, like this checked blouse and striped sari on Jacqueline Fernandez.Vidya Balan sports the thicker variant of the windowpane check in this Kanjeevaram sari.Bend the rules and wear dotted checks instead of stripes like this cropped top on Tamannaah Bhatia.TartanTraditionally used for Scottish kilts, tartan is formed with unequally-sized checks, in two or more colours. Sonakshi Sinha wears a tartan slip dress over a plain white tee for a casual ensemble.This gathered-waist tartan skirt on Sonam Kapoor pays tribute to the original Scot kiln.If you’re looking for something more feminine, this tartan off-shoulder dress on Huma Qureshi is a good place to start. 													If you didn’t know what a coat dress (aka trench dress) was earlier, Priyanka Chopra’s 2017 Met Gala look surely taught you a thing or two. The Ralph Lauren dress (and the train attached to it) that entered our collective conscience last year might be too avant-garde to pull off on an occasion that doesn’t involve a red carpet, but that’s no reason for you to shy away from trying the trend that all of B-Town seems to now be obsessed with. Here’s all the coat dress inspiration you’ll need.Minimal and monochrome were the two keywords for Aditi Rao Hydari in this white Zara coat worn with black booties.													Shilpa Shetty Kundra looks like royalty in this red, fit-and-flare trench dress by Madison.													Match your lipstick with your printed coatdress like Kajol Devgan.													Millennial pink can step aside to make way for hot pink. – Kajal Aggarwal in Plakinger.													For the risqué at heart, play a little peek-a-boo with your lingerie like Rhea Chakraborty.													We’re not quite over the mustard colour trend, and clearly Genelia Deshmukh in Twelve AM:PM agrees.													Flaunt those legs like Parul Gulati in a maroon coat dress by Zara.													A variant of the coat dress is the blazer dress, like this ruffle-detail number by Nishka Lulla on Rakul Preet Singh													Sonakshi Sinha mixes it up with a solid, longline wrap coat over an embellished top, by Nikita Mhaisalkar.													Add some colour with a belt or skirt underneath, or both, like Surveen Chawla in Madison (jacket) and Cover Story (skirt). 													If you didn’t know what a coat dress (aka trench dress) was earlier, Priyanka Chopra’s 2017 Met Gala look surely taught you a thing or two. The Ralph Lauren dress (and the train attached to it) that entered our collective conscience last year might be too avant-garde to pull off on an occasion that doesn’t involve a red carpet, but that’s no reason for you to shy away from trying the trend that all of B-Town seems to now be obsessed with. Here’s all the coat dress inspiration you’ll need.Minimal and monochrome were the two keywords for Aditi Rao Hydari in this white Zara coat worn with black booties.													Shilpa Shetty Kundra looks like royalty in this red, fit-and-flare trench dress by Madison.													Match your lipstick with your printed coatdress like Kajol Devgan.													Millennial pink can step aside to make way for hot pink. – Kajal Aggarwal in Plakinger.													For the risqué at heart, play a little peek-a-boo with your lingerie like Rhea Chakraborty.													We’re not quite over the mustard colour trend, and clearly Genelia Deshmukh in Twelve AM:PM agrees.													Flaunt those legs like Parul Gulati in a maroon coat dress by Zara.													A variant of the coat dress is the blazer dress, like this ruffle-detail number by Nishka Lulla on Rakul Preet Singh													Sonakshi Sinha mixes it up with a solid, longline wrap coat over an embellished top, by Nikita Mhaisalkar.													Add some colour with a belt or skirt underneath, or both, like Surveen Chawla in Madison (jacket) and Cover Story (skirt). 													The fashion world never seems to run out of ways to make shoulder-show uber chic. From cold to off to one, there are tons of ways to flaunt your shoulders and look fab while you’re at it. One-shoulder outfits in particular are a simple detail that can transform your ordinary look to a truly red carpet-worthy ensemble. Here is some inspiration from Bollywood’s finest on how you can pull off the trend. Kriti Sanon shows you how it is done in a black red-carpet ensemble. Anushka Sharma sticks to her classic style in a Falguni & Shane Peacock outfit. The Kapoor sisters give us major twinning goals in their monochrome outfits. Esha Gupta looks sharp in a Monsoori gown. Mandira Bedi flaunts her chiseled clavicle in a Swapnil Shinde outfit. Aditi Rao Hydari does modern androgyny in a deconstructed shirt and flared trousers. 													The fashion world never seems to run out of ways to make shoulder-show uber chic. From cold to off to one, there are tons of ways to flaunt your shoulders and look fab while you’re at it. One-shoulder outfits in particular are a simple detail that can transform your ordinary look to a truly red carpet-worthy ensemble. Here is some inspiration from Bollywood’s finest on how you can pull off the trend. Kriti Sanon shows you how it is done in a black red-carpet ensemble. Anushka Sharma sticks to her classic style in a Falguni & Shane Peacock outfit. The Kapoor sisters give us major twinning goals in their monochrome outfits. Esha Gupta looks sharp in a Monsoori gown. Mandira Bedi flaunts her chiseled clavicle in a Swapnil Shinde outfit. Aditi Rao Hydari does modern androgyny in a deconstructed shirt and flared trousers. 													The fashion world never seems to run out of ways to make shoulder-show uber chic. From cold to off to one, there are tons of ways to flaunt your shoulders and look fab while you’re at it. One-shoulder outfits in particular are a simple detail that can transform your ordinary look to a truly red carpet-worthy ensemble. Here is some inspiration from Bollywood’s finest on how you can pull off the trend. Kriti Sanon shows you how it is done in a black red-carpet ensemble. Anushka Sharma sticks to her classic style in a Falguni & Shane Peacock outfit. The Kapoor sisters give us major twinning goals in their monochrome outfits. Esha Gupta looks sharp in a Monsoori gown. Mandira Bedi flaunts her chiseled clavicle in a Swapnil Shinde outfit. Aditi Rao Hydari does modern androgyny in a deconstructed shirt and flared trousers. 													Minimalism had a good run, but it’s now time to stash your delicate trinkets away. In case you didn’t get the memo, maximalism is the new buzzword in fashion. It’s no secret that Bollywood loves its baubles, and the women of B-town have been quick to embrace this trend. Here’s our round up of Bollywood’s most lust-worthy jewellery looks.Earrings that graze your bare shoulders can make quite the statement, as demonstrated by Katrina Kaif in Outhouse Jewellery													Sonakshi Sinha in Anomaly by Anam proves that cartilage earrings don’t always have to be dainty. 													Also, there is no such thing as too many rings. Exhibit A – Sonakshi in Satyani Fine Jewels.													Really, when it comes to rings, the bigger the better – Priyanka Chopra in Isharya													When in doubt, just pick antique silver – Kanika Kapoor in Amrapali Jewels													Sonam Kapoor in Mother of Pearl proves that pearls, in any form, are a classic.													And that casual ensembles are no excuse to leave the glam behind.													Don’t shy away from colour. Shraddha Kapoor in Valliyan by Nitya Arora drives the point home.													And if you can’t choose, wear ‘em all. – Parineeti Chopra in Ritika Sachdeva, Amrapali Jewels and Aquamarine Jewellery 													Minimalism had a good run, but it’s now time to stash your delicate trinkets away. In case you didn’t get the memo, maximalism is the new buzzword in fashion. It’s no secret that Bollywood loves its baubles, and the women of B-town have been quick to embrace this trend. Here’s our round up of Bollywood’s most lust-worthy jewellery looks.Earrings that graze your bare shoulders can make quite the statement, as demonstrated by Katrina Kaif in Outhouse Jewellery													Sonakshi Sinha in Anomaly by Anam proves that cartilage earrings don’t always have to be dainty. 													Also, there is no such thing as too many rings. Exhibit A – Sonakshi in Satyani Fine Jewels.													Really, when it comes to rings, the bigger the better – Priyanka Chopra in Isharya													When in doubt, just pick antique silver – Kanika Kapoor in Amrapali Jewels													Sonam Kapoor in Mother of Pearl proves that pearls, in any form, are a classic.													And that casual ensembles are no excuse to leave the glam behind.													Don’t shy away from colour. Shraddha Kapoor in Valliyan by Nitya Arora drives the point home.													And if you can’t choose, wear ‘em all. – Parineeti Chopra in Ritika Sachdeva, Amrapali Jewels and Aquamarine Jewellery 													Minimalism had a good run, but it’s now time to stash your delicate trinkets away. In case you didn’t get the memo, maximalism is the new buzzword in fashion. It’s no secret that Bollywood loves its baubles, and the women of B-town have been quick to embrace this trend. Here’s our round up of Bollywood’s most lust-worthy jewellery looks.Earrings that graze your bare shoulders can make quite the statement, as demonstrated by Katrina Kaif in Outhouse Jewellery													Sonakshi Sinha in Anomaly by Anam proves that cartilage earrings don’t always have to be dainty. 													Also, there is no such thing as too many rings. Exhibit A – Sonakshi in Satyani Fine Jewels.													Really, when it comes to rings, the bigger the better – Priyanka Chopra in Isharya													When in doubt, just pick antique silver – Kanika Kapoor in Amrapali Jewels													Sonam Kapoor in Mother of Pearl proves that pearls, in any form, are a classic.													And that casual ensembles are no excuse to leave the glam behind.													Don’t shy away from colour. Shraddha Kapoor in Valliyan by Nitya Arora drives the point home.													And if you can’t choose, wear ‘em all. – Parineeti Chopra in Ritika Sachdeva, Amrapali Jewels and Aquamarine Jewellery 													The new season calls for new sartorial risks, which will take your style game up a notch. Here’s a bright idea. Why don’t you expand your wardrobe palette with fresh, vibrant separates? And while you are doing that, throw the colour mixing rulebook out the window, because this season is all about riotous colour clashes. B-town ladies show you how to give an ultra-colourful update to style.Gold and silverSonam Kapoor in Hemang AgrawalPink and redAlia Bhatt in Dolce & GabbanaYellow and greenAlia Bhatt in Raw MangoPurple and pinkKangana Ranaut in a Dior dress and Prada coatInky blue and midnight blackAishwarya Rai Bachchan in Gauri and Nainika													Pink and burgundyJacqueline Fernandez in a cropped jumper and trousers 													Yellow and pinkSonam Kapoor in Zoe ChampionMagenta and plumDeepika Padukone in Prabal Gurung 													The new season calls for new sartorial risks, which will take your style game up a notch. Here’s a bright idea. Why don’t you expand your wardrobe palette with fresh, vibrant separates? And while you are doing that, throw the colour mixing rulebook out the window, because this season is all about riotous colour clashes. B-town ladies show you how to give an ultra-colourful update to style.Gold and silverSonam Kapoor in Hemang AgrawalPink and redAlia Bhatt in Dolce & GabbanaYellow and greenAlia Bhatt in Raw MangoPurple and pinkKangana Ranaut in a Dior dress and Prada coatInky blue and midnight blackAishwarya Rai Bachchan in Gauri and Nainika													Pink and burgundyJacqueline Fernandez in a cropped jumper and trousers 													Yellow and pinkSonam Kapoor in Zoe ChampionMagenta and plumDeepika Padukone in Prabal Gurung 													The new season calls for new sartorial risks, which will take your style game up a notch. Here’s a bright idea. Why don’t you expand your wardrobe palette with fresh, vibrant separates? And while you are doing that, throw the colour mixing rulebook out the window, because this season is all about riotous colour clashes. B-town ladies show you how to give an ultra-colourful update to style.Gold and silverSonam Kapoor in Hemang AgrawalPink and redAlia Bhatt in Dolce & GabbanaYellow and greenAlia Bhatt in Raw MangoPurple and pinkKangana Ranaut in a Dior dress and Prada coatInky blue and midnight blackAishwarya Rai Bachchan in Gauri and Nainika													Pink and burgundyJacqueline Fernandez in a cropped jumper and trousers 													Yellow and pinkSonam Kapoor in Zoe ChampionMagenta and plumDeepika Padukone in Prabal Gurung 													Our favourite B-town divas are experimenting with daring silhouettes and new-season embellishments this season. We curate the best ensembles that our leading ladies flaunted this weekend.Kriti Sanon in Zara Umrigar. 													Vaani Kapoor in Ziad Nakad.													Jacqueline Fernandez in Stephane Rolland.													Daina Penty in Alpana Neeraj. 													Manushi Chillar in Falguni & Shane Peacock.													Neha Dhupia in Gaurav Gupta.													Pooja Hegde in Charbel Karam.													Yami Gautam in Zara Umrigar.													Huma Qureshi in Monsoori.Sonam Kapoor in Atelier Zuhra. 													Kareena Kapoor Khan in Galia Lahav.Katrina Kaif in Jean Paul Gaultier.Sridevi in Ziad Nakad.Esha Gupta in Nikhil Thampi.													Alia Bhatt in Needle & Thread.													Deepika Padukone in Gauri & Nainika. 													Bhumi Pednekar in Nikhil Thampi. 													Our favourite B-town divas are experimenting with daring silhouettes and new-season embellishments this season. We curate the best ensembles that our leading ladies flaunted this weekend.Kriti Sanon in Zara Umrigar. 													Vaani Kapoor in Ziad Nakad.													Jacqueline Fernandez in Stephane Rolland.													Daina Penty in Alpana Neeraj. 													Manushi Chillar in Falguni & Shane Peacock.													Neha Dhupia in Gaurav Gupta.													Pooja Hegde in Charbel Karam.													Yami Gautam in Zara Umrigar.													Huma Qureshi in Monsoori.Sonam Kapoor in Atelier Zuhra. 													Kareena Kapoor Khan in Galia Lahav.Katrina Kaif in Jean Paul Gaultier.Sridevi in Ziad Nakad.Esha Gupta in Nikhil Thampi.													Alia Bhatt in Needle & Thread.													Deepika Padukone in Gauri & Nainika. 													Bhumi Pednekar in Nikhil Thampi. 													Our favourite B-town divas are experimenting with daring silhouettes and new-season embellishments this season. We curate the best ensembles that our leading ladies flaunted this weekend.Kriti Sanon in Zara Umrigar. 													Vaani Kapoor in Ziad Nakad.													Jacqueline Fernandez in Stephane Rolland.													Daina Penty in Alpana Neeraj. 													Manushi Chillar in Falguni & Shane Peacock.													Neha Dhupia in Gaurav Gupta.													Pooja Hegde in Charbel Karam.													Yami Gautam in Zara Umrigar.													Huma Qureshi in Monsoori.Sonam Kapoor in Atelier Zuhra. 													Kareena Kapoor Khan in Galia Lahav.Katrina Kaif in Jean Paul Gaultier.Sridevi in Ziad Nakad.Esha Gupta in Nikhil Thampi.													Alia Bhatt in Needle & Thread.													Deepika Padukone in Gauri & Nainika. 													Bhumi Pednekar in Nikhil Thampi. “The Fossil Q Gen 3 does everything a smartwatch should while looking as gorgeous as it does,” says actor Shruti Haasan, who loves everything about this smartwatch. According to Shruti, this watch is just like her and goes well with her glamorous and free-spirited personality. The actor identifies with Fossil Q Gen 3 for its simple yet tech-savvy features like activity and sleep trackers, touchscreen display, Bluetooth support and notification alerts for mails, messages, social media, etc. Like her, the watch is simple yet chic.The best part, however, is that this smartwatch is custom-made for women and is available in rose-gold colour, which is a hot favourite. From the strap to the dial, Fossil has paid attention to make it look trendy and elegant. Irresistible features like music control, battery life of up to 24 hours, LED flashlight and water-resistant make it a must-have for every woman. What more, this smartwatch is compatible with Android 4.3+ and iOS 9+ devices, and is recommended by Shruti herself. Here’s what she has to say about Fossil Q Gen3 smartwatch.  Q&A with Shruti HaasanOn Fossil: There’s a sense of belonging you feel with certain brands since it defines you and fits you perfectly. That’s the feeling I get when I think of Fossil. It resonates with my style—a little bit of love and a whole lot of vintage. On Fossil Q Gen 3: I love geeking out on tech advancements! The Gen 3 does everything a smartwatch should while looking as gorgeous as it does. I’m hardly ever without my phone, and I’m usually in a tizzy when I can’t find it. The watch has been a lifesaver in such situations. I’ve also checked emails, notifications, sent tiny and quick messages, used my phone’s music app, and controlled phone calls. It’s pretty much my mini phone. I’ve almost abused the selfie feature. I’m constantly taking pictures of my friends, family and self. There’s a lot more I’ve to learn about the watch, but for now, this is what I generally use it for. On smartwatch options for women: I was thrilled to find out that there were real options for women’s watches and not just smaller dials and pink straps. We have been given real choices and not looked upon as an afterthought. I’ve always loved rose gold-coloured jewellery and watches, so it’s just that much better for me! There’s just so much more to explore when it comes to the world of Fossil women’s smartwatches. Why Shruti recommends this watch to others: I love how the watch seems to play with the user, just as much as the user plays with the watch. That’s what makes it so unique. So, yes, definitely recommending this to everyone I know. I think it also would make an ideal first-time watch. The user interface is simple and the variety of straps and dial settings are immense. One word that defines Fossil Q Gen 3: 'Me' That’s the first thing I thought of when I put the watch on my wrist. This watch is in tune with my lifestyle, and who I am as a person. I think that’s the same thought most people who use the watch will have.Buy this smartwatch on Flipkart 													It’s been several months since the off-shoulder trend made a comeback on the runways but going by its popularity among celebrities (and everyone else!), we can safely say that it is here to stay.Disha Patani’s off shoulder look will take you straight to a ballroomA tease with the off-shoulder gameWe adore this dramatic off-shoulder look!Shruti keeps it casual yet classy with her top Huma’s fun attire is perfect for every mood A pop of contemporary to the traditional with the trend is a must!Sonakshi Sinha’s breezy white top is perfect for a beach vacay. Take a cue from Kriti's off-shoulder lehenga to up your fashion game. 													 Malaika Arora Khan takes to the streets of NYC in this crop top with bell sleeves.  Sridevi’s daughter Khushi rocks this beautiful blouse with intricate work and a matching lehenga. Ileana D’Cruz is winning hearts in this delicate bikini with ruffles. Parineeti perfects the flower power dress with bell sleeves. This fusion crop top is cute AF! Shraddha adds a pop of colour to her grey off-shoulder with the floral embroidery. Trust Sonam Kapoor to up the style quotient of any outfit with her innate fashion sense. “The Fossil Q Gen 3 does everything a smartwatch should while looking as gorgeous as it does,” says actor Shruti Haasan, who loves everything about this smartwatch. According to Shruti, this watch is just like her and goes well with her glamorous and free-spirited personality. The actor identifies with Fossil Q Gen 3 for its simple yet tech-savvy features like activity and sleep trackers, touchscreen display, Bluetooth support and notification alerts for mails, messages, social media, etc. Like her, the watch is simple yet chic.The best part, however, is that this smartwatch is custom-made for women and is available in rose-gold colour, which is a hot favourite. From the strap to the dial, Fossil has paid attention to make it look trendy and elegant. Irresistible features like music control, battery life of up to 24 hours, LED flashlight and water-resistant make it a must-have for every woman. What more, this smartwatch is compatible with Android 4.3+ and iOS 9+ devices, and is recommended by Shruti herself. Here’s what she has to say about Fossil Q Gen3 smartwatch.  Q&A with Shruti HaasanOn Fossil: There’s a sense of belonging you feel with certain brands since it defines you and fits you perfectly. That’s the feeling I get when I think of Fossil. It resonates with my style—a little bit of love and a whole lot of vintage. On Fossil Q Gen 3: I love geeking out on tech advancements! The Gen 3 does everything a smartwatch should while looking as gorgeous as it does. I’m hardly ever without my phone, and I’m usually in a tizzy when I can’t find it. The watch has been a lifesaver in such situations. I’ve also checked emails, notifications, sent tiny and quick messages, used my phone’s music app, and controlled phone calls. It’s pretty much my mini phone. I’ve almost abused the selfie feature. I’m constantly taking pictures of my friends, family and self. There’s a lot more I’ve to learn about the watch, but for now, this is what I generally use it for. On smartwatch options for women: I was thrilled to find out that there were real options for women’s watches and not just smaller dials and pink straps. We have been given real choices and not looked upon as an afterthought. I’ve always loved rose gold-coloured jewellery and watches, so it’s just that much better for me! There’s just so much more to explore when it comes to the world of Fossil women’s smartwatches. Why Shruti recommends this watch to others: I love how the watch seems to play with the user, just as much as the user plays with the watch. That’s what makes it so unique. So, yes, definitely recommending this to everyone I know. I think it also would make an ideal first-time watch. The user interface is simple and the variety of straps and dial settings are immense. One word that defines Fossil Q Gen 3: 'Me' That’s the first thing I thought of when I put the watch on my wrist. This watch is in tune with my lifestyle, and who I am as a person. I think that’s the same thought most people who use the watch will have.Buy this smartwatch on Flipkart “The Fossil Q Gen 3 does everything a smartwatch should while looking as gorgeous as it does,” says actor Shruti Haasan, who loves everything about this smartwatch. According to Shruti, this watch is just like her and goes well with her glamorous and free-spirited personality. The actor identifies with Fossil Q Gen 3 for its simple yet tech-savvy features like activity and sleep trackers, touchscreen display, Bluetooth support and notification alerts for mails, messages, social media, etc. Like her, the watch is simple yet chic.The best part, however, is that this smartwatch is custom-made for women and is available in rose-gold colour, which is a hot favourite. From the strap to the dial, Fossil has paid attention to make it look trendy and elegant. Irresistible features like music control, battery life of up to 24 hours, LED flashlight and water-resistant make it a must-have for every woman. What more, this smartwatch is compatible with Android 4.3+ and iOS 9+ devices, and is recommended by Shruti herself. Here’s what she has to say about Fossil Q Gen3 smartwatch.  Q&A with Shruti HaasanOn Fossil: There’s a sense of belonging you feel with certain brands since it defines you and fits you perfectly. That’s the feeling I get when I think of Fossil. It resonates with my style—a little bit of love and a whole lot of vintage. On Fossil Q Gen 3: I love geeking out on tech advancements! The Gen 3 does everything a smartwatch should while looking as gorgeous as it does. I’m hardly ever without my phone, and I’m usually in a tizzy when I can’t find it. The watch has been a lifesaver in such situations. I’ve also checked emails, notifications, sent tiny and quick messages, used my phone’s music app, and controlled phone calls. It’s pretty much my mini phone. I’ve almost abused the selfie feature. I’m constantly taking pictures of my friends, family and self. There’s a lot more I’ve to learn about the watch, but for now, this is what I generally use it for. On smartwatch options for women: I was thrilled to find out that there were real options for women’s watches and not just smaller dials and pink straps. We have been given real choices and not looked upon as an afterthought. I’ve always loved rose gold-coloured jewellery and watches, so it’s just that much better for me! There’s just so much more to explore when it comes to the world of Fossil women’s smartwatches. Why Shruti recommends this watch to others: I love how the watch seems to play with the user, just as much as the user plays with the watch. That’s what makes it so unique. So, yes, definitely recommending this to everyone I know. I think it also would make an ideal first-time watch. The user interface is simple and the variety of straps and dial settings are immense. One word that defines Fossil Q Gen 3: 'Me' That’s the first thing I thought of when I put the watch on my wrist. This watch is in tune with my lifestyle, and who I am as a person. I think that’s the same thought most people who use the watch will have.Buy this smartwatch on Flipkart 													It’s been several months since the off-shoulder trend made a comeback on the runways but going by its popularity among celebrities (and everyone else!), we can safely say that it is here to stay.Disha Patani’s off shoulder look will take you straight to a ballroomA tease with the off-shoulder gameWe adore this dramatic off-shoulder look!Shruti keeps it casual yet classy with her top Huma’s fun attire is perfect for every mood A pop of contemporary to the traditional with the trend is a must!Sonakshi Sinha’s breezy white top is perfect for a beach vacay. Take a cue from Kriti's off-shoulder lehenga to up your fashion game. 													 Malaika Arora Khan takes to the streets of NYC in this crop top with bell sleeves.  Sridevi’s daughter Khushi rocks this beautiful blouse with intricate work and a matching lehenga. Ileana D’Cruz is winning hearts in this delicate bikini with ruffles. Parineeti perfects the flower power dress with bell sleeves. This fusion crop top is cute AF! Shraddha adds a pop of colour to her grey off-shoulder with the floral embroidery. Trust Sonam Kapoor to up the style quotient of any outfit with her innate fashion sense. 													It’s been several months since the off-shoulder trend made a comeback on the runways but going by its popularity among celebrities (and everyone else!), we can safely say that it is here to stay.Disha Patani’s off shoulder look will take you straight to a ballroomA tease with the off-shoulder gameWe adore this dramatic off-shoulder look!Shruti keeps it casual yet classy with her top Huma’s fun attire is perfect for every mood A pop of contemporary to the traditional with the trend is a must!Sonakshi Sinha’s breezy white top is perfect for a beach vacay. Take a cue from Kriti's off-shoulder lehenga to up your fashion game. 													 Malaika Arora Khan takes to the streets of NYC in this crop top with bell sleeves.  Sridevi’s daughter Khushi rocks this beautiful blouse with intricate work and a matching lehenga. Ileana D’Cruz is winning hearts in this delicate bikini with ruffles. Parineeti perfects the flower power dress with bell sleeves. This fusion crop top is cute AF! Shraddha adds a pop of colour to her grey off-shoulder with the floral embroidery. Trust Sonam Kapoor to up the style quotient of any outfit with her innate fashion sense. 													The final day of Amazon India Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2018 gave an indication of what’s going to impact your sartorial choices in spring and summer. Take a look. RufflesSpring catwalks around the world are cascading with ruffles and the Capital wasn’t an exception. While Rina Dhaka included the frilly detail in her saris, kurtas and dresses at the finale, Ashish N Soni juxtaposed them on clean and classic silhouettes to make his ready-to-wear line look young, fun and sensuous. Flash dance shoulderThis is an evolution of the off shoulder trend. Designer Sulakshana Monga adapted the peekaboo treatment for her clothes, flash dance or the ‘accidental’ shoulder show that reveals a little flesh without showing too much was a predominant trend. Monga used Half-on, half-off tops and dresses with single ruffled shoulders exposing only a slice of skin. If you wear this, keep the rest of the outfit simple and let your shoulder do the talking. Sheer fabricSheer fabrics such as chiffon, tulle, mesh, organza and chanderi have been summer staples for long and they made an impactful appearance on the runway at the Amazon India Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2018. From hemlines, tops with sheer insets, skirts and dresses at Monga’s to sheer in Indian wear--embellished sheer lehengas and blouses and saris at the Suneet Varma’s show--the trend was ubiquitous. Traditional embroideryIndian culture and craftsmanship were both profusely showcased on the ramp via traditional motifs and intricate embroideries. From thread embroidery at Pankaj and Nidhi, Krishna Mehta and Charu Parashar to intricate zardozi embroidery seen at Suneet Varma’s show, this ethnic element is here to stay though the silhouettes may vary from western contemporary to Indian.  													With Amazon India Fashion Week Spring-Summer 2018 almost drawing to a close, it was time for some of the fashion industry's best known names to showcase their collections.Anju Modi's line titled Swadeshi was a tribute to heritage designs in khadi with a contemporary twist, like tie-and-dye and asymmetric cuts.Madhu Jain displayed her expertise in juxtaposing different weaves, motifs and textile traditions of the country.Payal Jain celebrated her 25 years in the industry with a collection that's purely an ode to her muse Frida Kahlo and her paintings. Jain had got her friends and family and actor Vaani Kapoor to walk the ramp in her creations.Kavita Bhartia remained true to her love for femininity in the form of pretty florals, summer hues and geometric prints.Shivan & Narresh packed all razzle dazzle in their line of swimwear, dresses and saris with prints inspired by Japanese artist Araki’s works.Huemn's collection had a fearless aesthetic appropriate to counter the dystopian world we live in. Reconstructed shirts, up-cycled denims and hooded jackets were some of the key pieces.Dhruv Kapoor showcased a collection that strives to break stereotypes with an interplay of relaxed fabric, interesting patchwork and motifs, and costume design.  Kavita Bhartia presented her line A Diary of Flowers at AIFW SS18 Day 4Feminine hues, floral motifs ad geometric patterns found their way in Kavita Bhartia's collection Madhu Jain presents her AIFW SS18 lineVeteran designer Madhu Jain's collection displays her strengths in th sphere of craft and textile revival. Fashion for a dystopian world in Huemn's Spring-Summer line for AIFW SS18Designers Pranav Misra and Shyma Shetty make a fashion and political statement with their eclectic line Dhruv Kapoor marries bling with fabric in a muted tone to stunning effect.Each outfit in the Dhruv Kapoor line for AIFW SS18 challenges stereotypes with eclectic pairing of various elements. Detailed skein motifs, and lush flowers inspired by Japanese artist, Araki, in Shivan and Narresh's AIFW SS18 line.Shivan and Narresh presented the Araki series for AIFW SS18. A model in a khadi outfit by Anju Modi.Anju Modi celebrated 25 years in the fashion industry with a Swadeshi collection in khadi. Payal Jain celebrated 25 years in fashion at AIFW SS18.Actor Vaani Kapoor was the striking showstopper for Payal Jain's line celebrating her 25 years in fashion. Vein by EKRU by Ekta and Ruchira. Ikebana by Bhanuni by Jyoti. Abhi Singh presents Barcode at AIFW SS18 Day 4. 													The final day of Amazon India Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2018 gave an indication of what’s going to impact your sartorial choices in spring and summer. Take a look. RufflesSpring catwalks around the world are cascading with ruffles and the Capital wasn’t an exception. While Rina Dhaka included the frilly detail in her saris, kurtas and dresses at the finale, Ashish N Soni juxtaposed them on clean and classic silhouettes to make his ready-to-wear line look young, fun and sensuous. Flash dance shoulderThis is an evolution of the off shoulder trend. Designer Sulakshana Monga adapted the peekaboo treatment for her clothes, flash dance or the ‘accidental’ shoulder show that reveals a little flesh without showing too much was a predominant trend. Monga used Half-on, half-off tops and dresses with single ruffled shoulders exposing only a slice of skin. If you wear this, keep the rest of the outfit simple and let your shoulder do the talking. Sheer fabricSheer fabrics such as chiffon, tulle, mesh, organza and chanderi have been summer staples for long and they made an impactful appearance on the runway at the Amazon India Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2018. From hemlines, tops with sheer insets, skirts and dresses at Monga’s to sheer in Indian wear--embellished sheer lehengas and blouses and saris at the Suneet Varma’s show--the trend was ubiquitous. Traditional embroideryIndian culture and craftsmanship were both profusely showcased on the ramp via traditional motifs and intricate embroideries. From thread embroidery at Pankaj and Nidhi, Krishna Mehta and Charu Parashar to intricate zardozi embroidery seen at Suneet Varma’s show, this ethnic element is here to stay though the silhouettes may vary from western contemporary to Indian.  													The final day of Amazon India Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2018 gave an indication of what’s going to impact your sartorial choices in spring and summer. Take a look. RufflesSpring catwalks around the world are cascading with ruffles and the Capital wasn’t an exception. While Rina Dhaka included the frilly detail in her saris, kurtas and dresses at the finale, Ashish N Soni juxtaposed them on clean and classic silhouettes to make his ready-to-wear line look young, fun and sensuous. Flash dance shoulderThis is an evolution of the off shoulder trend. Designer Sulakshana Monga adapted the peekaboo treatment for her clothes, flash dance or the ‘accidental’ shoulder show that reveals a little flesh without showing too much was a predominant trend. Monga used Half-on, half-off tops and dresses with single ruffled shoulders exposing only a slice of skin. If you wear this, keep the rest of the outfit simple and let your shoulder do the talking. Sheer fabricSheer fabrics such as chiffon, tulle, mesh, organza and chanderi have been summer staples for long and they made an impactful appearance on the runway at the Amazon India Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2018. From hemlines, tops with sheer insets, skirts and dresses at Monga’s to sheer in Indian wear--embellished sheer lehengas and blouses and saris at the Suneet Varma’s show--the trend was ubiquitous. Traditional embroideryIndian culture and craftsmanship were both profusely showcased on the ramp via traditional motifs and intricate embroideries. From thread embroidery at Pankaj and Nidhi, Krishna Mehta and Charu Parashar to intricate zardozi embroidery seen at Suneet Varma’s show, this ethnic element is here to stay though the silhouettes may vary from western contemporary to Indian.  													With Amazon India Fashion Week Spring-Summer 2018 almost drawing to a close, it was time for some of the fashion industry's best known names to showcase their collections.Anju Modi's line titled Swadeshi was a tribute to heritage designs in khadi with a contemporary twist, like tie-and-dye and asymmetric cuts.Madhu Jain displayed her expertise in juxtaposing different weaves, motifs and textile traditions of the country.Payal Jain celebrated her 25 years in the industry with a collection that's purely an ode to her muse Frida Kahlo and her paintings. Jain had got her friends and family and actor Vaani Kapoor to walk the ramp in her creations.Kavita Bhartia remained true to her love for femininity in the form of pretty florals, summer hues and geometric prints.Shivan & Narresh packed all razzle dazzle in their line of swimwear, dresses and saris with prints inspired by Japanese artist Araki’s works.Huemn's collection had a fearless aesthetic appropriate to counter the dystopian world we live in. Reconstructed shirts, up-cycled denims and hooded jackets were some of the key pieces.Dhruv Kapoor showcased a collection that strives to break stereotypes with an interplay of relaxed fabric, interesting patchwork and motifs, and costume design.  Kavita Bhartia presented her line A Diary of Flowers at AIFW SS18 Day 4Feminine hues, floral motifs ad geometric patterns found their way in Kavita Bhartia's collection Madhu Jain presents her AIFW SS18 lineVeteran designer Madhu Jain's collection displays her strengths in th sphere of craft and textile revival. Fashion for a dystopian world in Huemn's Spring-Summer line for AIFW SS18Designers Pranav Misra and Shyma Shetty make a fashion and political statement with their eclectic line Dhruv Kapoor marries bling with fabric in a muted tone to stunning effect.Each outfit in the Dhruv Kapoor line for AIFW SS18 challenges stereotypes with eclectic pairing of various elements. Detailed skein motifs, and lush flowers inspired by Japanese artist, Araki, in Shivan and Narresh's AIFW SS18 line.Shivan and Narresh presented the Araki series for AIFW SS18. A model in a khadi outfit by Anju Modi.Anju Modi celebrated 25 years in the fashion industry with a Swadeshi collection in khadi. Payal Jain celebrated 25 years in fashion at AIFW SS18.Actor Vaani Kapoor was the striking showstopper for Payal Jain's line celebrating her 25 years in fashion. Vein by EKRU by Ekta and Ruchira. Ikebana by Bhanuni by Jyoti. Abhi Singh presents Barcode at AIFW SS18 Day 4. 													With Amazon India Fashion Week Spring-Summer 2018 almost drawing to a close, it was time for some of the fashion industry's best known names to showcase their collections.Anju Modi's line titled Swadeshi was a tribute to heritage designs in khadi with a contemporary twist, like tie-and-dye and asymmetric cuts.Madhu Jain displayed her expertise in juxtaposing different weaves, motifs and textile traditions of the country.Payal Jain celebrated her 25 years in the industry with a collection that's purely an ode to her muse Frida Kahlo and her paintings. Jain had got her friends and family and actor Vaani Kapoor to walk the ramp in her creations.Kavita Bhartia remained true to her love for femininity in the form of pretty florals, summer hues and geometric prints.Shivan & Narresh packed all razzle dazzle in their line of swimwear, dresses and saris with prints inspired by Japanese artist Araki’s works.Huemn's collection had a fearless aesthetic appropriate to counter the dystopian world we live in. Reconstructed shirts, up-cycled denims and hooded jackets were some of the key pieces.Dhruv Kapoor showcased a collection that strives to break stereotypes with an interplay of relaxed fabric, interesting patchwork and motifs, and costume design.  Kavita Bhartia presented her line A Diary of Flowers at AIFW SS18 Day 4Feminine hues, floral motifs ad geometric patterns found their way in Kavita Bhartia's collection Madhu Jain presents her AIFW SS18 lineVeteran designer Madhu Jain's collection displays her strengths in th sphere of craft and textile revival. Fashion for a dystopian world in Huemn's Spring-Summer line for AIFW SS18Designers Pranav Misra and Shyma Shetty make a fashion and political statement with their eclectic line Dhruv Kapoor marries bling with fabric in a muted tone to stunning effect.Each outfit in the Dhruv Kapoor line for AIFW SS18 challenges stereotypes with eclectic pairing of various elements. Detailed skein motifs, and lush flowers inspired by Japanese artist, Araki, in Shivan and Narresh's AIFW SS18 line.Shivan and Narresh presented the Araki series for AIFW SS18. A model in a khadi outfit by Anju Modi.Anju Modi celebrated 25 years in the fashion industry with a Swadeshi collection in khadi. Payal Jain celebrated 25 years in fashion at AIFW SS18.Actor Vaani Kapoor was the striking showstopper for Payal Jain's line celebrating her 25 years in fashion. Vein by EKRU by Ekta and Ruchira. Ikebana by Bhanuni by Jyoti. Abhi Singh presents Barcode at AIFW SS18 Day 4. 													Day four of Amazon India Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2018 saw an abundance of clashing prints, all-white ensembles, dramatic hemlines and statement sleeves. Here’s a round up of the trends that is sure to get your attention: Shades of whiteMany shades of white were spotted on the runway. They offered a stark contrast to the multitude of prints and colours. From Madhu Jain, Kavita Bhartia to Abhi Singh and Ekta Jaipuria and Ruchira Kandhari paired white with white in their collections. If you’re not big on white-on-white, add a few loose fitted casual styles from Payal Jain, frilly and flirty skirts from Kavita Bhartia or a few traditional cotton kurtas from Madhu Jain to your wardrobe and mix and match it with other colours. Shirts under spaghetti strapsStylistas Kim Kardashian and Kendall and Kylie Jenner have been doing this for a while now and designers Dhruv Kapoor and Abhi Singh seemed to have got the drift. Models sashayed down the ramp wearing risqué spaghetti dresses and tank tops over shirts in different sizes and shapes. So ladies, it’s time to bring out your slinky dresses. Print on printThe runway saw an abundance of clashing patterns and prints, proving that this trend for the brave will be big in the upcoming season. While Shivan and Narresh had matching top and bottom sets with prints boasting of forest sights, Dhruv Kapoor matched ditsy florals with vintage prints. Exaggerated sleevesThis is one of the biggest trends for spring summer. And there are so many different types of statement sleeves to suit different types of arms. From billowy bell shaped, ultra long and oversized to ruffled, cinched at the wrist to exaggerated cuffs, there’s enough to last you more than one season. Asymmetrical hemlinesEverything isn’t straight and narrow for summers, designers played with geometry and courted the asymmetrical hemlines in myriad ways. Anju Modi brought the mullet back in fashion—her kurtas had hemlines that were short at the front and long in the back. Meanwhile, Kavita Bhartia, Dhruv Kapoor and Bhanuni by Jyoti experimented with the handkerchief hemline.																		Day four of Amazon India Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2018 saw an abundance of clashing prints, all-white ensembles, dramatic hemlines and statement sleeves. Here’s a round up of the trends that is sure to get your attention: Shades of whiteMany shades of white were spotted on the runway. They offered a stark contrast to the multitude of prints and colours. From Madhu Jain, Kavita Bhartia to Abhi Singh and Ekta Jaipuria and Ruchira Kandhari paired white with white in their collections. If you’re not big on white-on-white, add a few loose fitted casual styles from Payal Jain, frilly and flirty skirts from Kavita Bhartia or a few traditional cotton kurtas from Madhu Jain to your wardrobe and mix and match it with other colours. Shirts under spaghetti strapsStylistas Kim Kardashian and Kendall and Kylie Jenner have been doing this for a while now and designers Dhruv Kapoor and Abhi Singh seemed to have got the drift. Models sashayed down the ramp wearing risqué spaghetti dresses and tank tops over shirts in different sizes and shapes. So ladies, it’s time to bring out your slinky dresses. Print on printThe runway saw an abundance of clashing patterns and prints, proving that this trend for the brave will be big in the upcoming season. While Shivan and Narresh had matching top and bottom sets with prints boasting of forest sights, Dhruv Kapoor matched ditsy florals with vintage prints. Exaggerated sleevesThis is one of the biggest trends for spring summer. And there are so many different types of statement sleeves to suit different types of arms. From billowy bell shaped, ultra long and oversized to ruffled, cinched at the wrist to exaggerated cuffs, there’s enough to last you more than one season. Asymmetrical hemlinesEverything isn’t straight and narrow for summers, designers played with geometry and courted the asymmetrical hemlines in myriad ways. Anju Modi brought the mullet back in fashion—her kurtas had hemlines that were short at the front and long in the back. Meanwhile, Kavita Bhartia, Dhruv Kapoor and Bhanuni by Jyoti experimented with the handkerchief hemline.																		Day four of Amazon India Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2018 saw an abundance of clashing prints, all-white ensembles, dramatic hemlines and statement sleeves. Here’s a round up of the trends that is sure to get your attention: Shades of whiteMany shades of white were spotted on the runway. They offered a stark contrast to the multitude of prints and colours. From Madhu Jain, Kavita Bhartia to Abhi Singh and Ekta Jaipuria and Ruchira Kandhari paired white with white in their collections. If you’re not big on white-on-white, add a few loose fitted casual styles from Payal Jain, frilly and flirty skirts from Kavita Bhartia or a few traditional cotton kurtas from Madhu Jain to your wardrobe and mix and match it with other colours. Shirts under spaghetti strapsStylistas Kim Kardashian and Kendall and Kylie Jenner have been doing this for a while now and designers Dhruv Kapoor and Abhi Singh seemed to have got the drift. Models sashayed down the ramp wearing risqué spaghetti dresses and tank tops over shirts in different sizes and shapes. So ladies, it’s time to bring out your slinky dresses. Print on printThe runway saw an abundance of clashing patterns and prints, proving that this trend for the brave will be big in the upcoming season. While Shivan and Narresh had matching top and bottom sets with prints boasting of forest sights, Dhruv Kapoor matched ditsy florals with vintage prints. Exaggerated sleevesThis is one of the biggest trends for spring summer. And there are so many different types of statement sleeves to suit different types of arms. From billowy bell shaped, ultra long and oversized to ruffled, cinched at the wrist to exaggerated cuffs, there’s enough to last you more than one season. Asymmetrical hemlinesEverything isn’t straight and narrow for summers, designers played with geometry and courted the asymmetrical hemlines in myriad ways. Anju Modi brought the mullet back in fashion—her kurtas had hemlines that were short at the front and long in the back. Meanwhile, Kavita Bhartia, Dhruv Kapoor and Bhanuni by Jyoti experimented with the handkerchief hemline.																		Summery trenches, feminine florals, restrained monochromes and classic plaids, were trending on day 3 of Amazon India Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2018.  Lay the trenchesThe summer trench coat is going to be one wardrobe classic in the coming season. The classic trench coat was exquisitely upgraded with thread embroidery by Payal Pratap, deconstructed and made feminine with floral prints by Shruti Sancheti and kept sombre with single tones by Pallavi Dhyanee. Flower powerFloral prints are no longer a surprise for summer, but next season brings big blossoms in all kinds of styles as seen at Shruti Sancheti, Payal Pratap and Pallavi Singhee shows. Pratimaa Pandey, however, used it judiciously by decorating the hems and necklines with floral embroidery. Black and white worldMonochrome is one of the strongest trends this spring summer season. Designers Abraham & Thakore, Rajesh Pratap Singh and Medha Khosla of Anomaly championed the stark black and white contrast. The two shades were interpreted in abstract and clashing prints, stripes and panels. Get creative and work the trend by opting for block separates, a monochrome dress or a monochrome print.  Woven handloomsWoven handlooms are clearly the fabric of the future. With sustainable fashion topping the agenda of most designers, an urban sensitivity was introduced to the fabric. From clean, minimalist work wear to luxurious day and evening wear, handlooms found an easy expression in the spring summer lines of Anomaly, Rajesh Pratap Singh, Abraham and Thakore and Payal Pratap.  Plaid and simplePlaids had a major moment on the runaway of day 3. Checked patterns have been a winter favourite for long, but designers such as Payal Pratap, and Teresa Liasom and Utsav Pradhan of Munkee See and Munkee Do and Pallavi Dhyani gave it fun and colourful interpretation for spring. But Rajesh Pratap Singh decided to keep it staid by taking the conventional way for his shirts, jackets and trousers.																		The collections showcased on day 2 of Amazon India fashion Week SS/18 seemed to have comfort on the top of their priority list. From billowy silhouettes and wide-leg pants to utilitarian jumpsuits and bomber jackets, there was adequate inspiration for girl-next-door. The new bomberDesigner Aarti Vijay Gupta combined sports luxe with her signature quirky prints and easy anti-fit silhouettes. We spotted the printed and fitted bomber jacket, casually thrown over long tees, kurtas and dresses.  Wide-leg pantsRoomy trousers stood out as a dominant trend on the runway. The new, sometimes flared and at other times straight and sometimes with slits was worn with almost everything from shirts and kurtas to dresses. The baggy pants leave about enough room for your legs to not stick to the fabric in summer months. We liked the ones we saw on the runway at Ikai, Patine and Love Bird’s shows.   StripesThe predominant pattern at the Amazon India Fashion Week, this season was the ubiquitous stripes – big, bold, subtle, horizontal, and vertical and in all shapes and sizes. While Ragini Ahuja explored stripes in all its avatars from bold to zig zag, Love Birds and Aarti Vijay Gupta resorted to subtle versions. Billowy silhouettesThis one-size-fit-all trend comes as good news for all Indian women on the heavier side. It is evident from the ramp that designers paid enough attention to the fact that some women need more relaxed styles. Our top picks are the ant-fit dresses seen in Love Birds’s show, the jackets, kurtas and cropped tops in Ragini Ahuja’s collection and the loose, free-flowing tops and dresses from Rina Dhaka’s new line.  Reinvented jumpsuitsDesigner Ashish N Soni expressed his signature creativity in his spring summer line that also marked his 25th year in the industry. He gave the utilitarian jumpsuit an interesting spin by adding to it dramatic saree pallu drapes. This season, wear the reinvented jumpsuit to the formal evening parties and watch heads turn.																		Summery trenches, feminine florals, restrained monochromes and classic plaids, were trending on day 3 of Amazon India Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2018.  Lay the trenchesThe summer trench coat is going to be one wardrobe classic in the coming season. The classic trench coat was exquisitely upgraded with thread embroidery by Payal Pratap, deconstructed and made feminine with floral prints by Shruti Sancheti and kept sombre with single tones by Pallavi Dhyanee. Flower powerFloral prints are no longer a surprise for summer, but next season brings big blossoms in all kinds of styles as seen at Shruti Sancheti, Payal Pratap and Pallavi Singhee shows. Pratimaa Pandey, however, used it judiciously by decorating the hems and necklines with floral embroidery. Black and white worldMonochrome is one of the strongest trends this spring summer season. Designers Abraham & Thakore, Rajesh Pratap Singh and Medha Khosla of Anomaly championed the stark black and white contrast. The two shades were interpreted in abstract and clashing prints, stripes and panels. Get creative and work the trend by opting for block separates, a monochrome dress or a monochrome print.  Woven handloomsWoven handlooms are clearly the fabric of the future. With sustainable fashion topping the agenda of most designers, an urban sensitivity was introduced to the fabric. From clean, minimalist work wear to luxurious day and evening wear, handlooms found an easy expression in the spring summer lines of Anomaly, Rajesh Pratap Singh, Abraham and Thakore and Payal Pratap.  Plaid and simplePlaids had a major moment on the runaway of day 3. Checked patterns have been a winter favourite for long, but designers such as Payal Pratap, and Teresa Liasom and Utsav Pradhan of Munkee See and Munkee Do and Pallavi Dhyani gave it fun and colourful interpretation for spring. But Rajesh Pratap Singh decided to keep it staid by taking the conventional way for his shirts, jackets and trousers.																		Summery trenches, feminine florals, restrained monochromes and classic plaids, were trending on day 3 of Amazon India Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2018.  Lay the trenchesThe summer trench coat is going to be one wardrobe classic in the coming season. The classic trench coat was exquisitely upgraded with thread embroidery by Payal Pratap, deconstructed and made feminine with floral prints by Shruti Sancheti and kept sombre with single tones by Pallavi Dhyanee. Flower powerFloral prints are no longer a surprise for summer, but next season brings big blossoms in all kinds of styles as seen at Shruti Sancheti, Payal Pratap and Pallavi Singhee shows. Pratimaa Pandey, however, used it judiciously by decorating the hems and necklines with floral embroidery. Black and white worldMonochrome is one of the strongest trends this spring summer season. Designers Abraham & Thakore, Rajesh Pratap Singh and Medha Khosla of Anomaly championed the stark black and white contrast. The two shades were interpreted in abstract and clashing prints, stripes and panels. Get creative and work the trend by opting for block separates, a monochrome dress or a monochrome print.  Woven handloomsWoven handlooms are clearly the fabric of the future. With sustainable fashion topping the agenda of most designers, an urban sensitivity was introduced to the fabric. From clean, minimalist work wear to luxurious day and evening wear, handlooms found an easy expression in the spring summer lines of Anomaly, Rajesh Pratap Singh, Abraham and Thakore and Payal Pratap.  Plaid and simplePlaids had a major moment on the runaway of day 3. Checked patterns have been a winter favourite for long, but designers such as Payal Pratap, and Teresa Liasom and Utsav Pradhan of Munkee See and Munkee Do and Pallavi Dhyani gave it fun and colourful interpretation for spring. But Rajesh Pratap Singh decided to keep it staid by taking the conventional way for his shirts, jackets and trousers.																		The collections showcased on day 2 of Amazon India fashion Week SS/18 seemed to have comfort on the top of their priority list. From billowy silhouettes and wide-leg pants to utilitarian jumpsuits and bomber jackets, there was adequate inspiration for girl-next-door. The new bomberDesigner Aarti Vijay Gupta combined sports luxe with her signature quirky prints and easy anti-fit silhouettes. We spotted the printed and fitted bomber jacket, casually thrown over long tees, kurtas and dresses.  Wide-leg pantsRoomy trousers stood out as a dominant trend on the runway. The new, sometimes flared and at other times straight and sometimes with slits was worn with almost everything from shirts and kurtas to dresses. The baggy pants leave about enough room for your legs to not stick to the fabric in summer months. We liked the ones we saw on the runway at Ikai, Patine and Love Bird’s shows.   StripesThe predominant pattern at the Amazon India Fashion Week, this season was the ubiquitous stripes – big, bold, subtle, horizontal, and vertical and in all shapes and sizes. While Ragini Ahuja explored stripes in all its avatars from bold to zig zag, Love Birds and Aarti Vijay Gupta resorted to subtle versions. Billowy silhouettesThis one-size-fit-all trend comes as good news for all Indian women on the heavier side. It is evident from the ramp that designers paid enough attention to the fact that some women need more relaxed styles. Our top picks are the ant-fit dresses seen in Love Birds’s show, the jackets, kurtas and cropped tops in Ragini Ahuja’s collection and the loose, free-flowing tops and dresses from Rina Dhaka’s new line.  Reinvented jumpsuitsDesigner Ashish N Soni expressed his signature creativity in his spring summer line that also marked his 25th year in the industry. He gave the utilitarian jumpsuit an interesting spin by adding to it dramatic saree pallu drapes. This season, wear the reinvented jumpsuit to the formal evening parties and watch heads turn.																		The collections showcased on day 2 of Amazon India fashion Week SS/18 seemed to have comfort on the top of their priority list. From billowy silhouettes and wide-leg pants to utilitarian jumpsuits and bomber jackets, there was adequate inspiration for girl-next-door. The new bomberDesigner Aarti Vijay Gupta combined sports luxe with her signature quirky prints and easy anti-fit silhouettes. We spotted the printed and fitted bomber jacket, casually thrown over long tees, kurtas and dresses.  Wide-leg pantsRoomy trousers stood out as a dominant trend on the runway. The new, sometimes flared and at other times straight and sometimes with slits was worn with almost everything from shirts and kurtas to dresses. The baggy pants leave about enough room for your legs to not stick to the fabric in summer months. We liked the ones we saw on the runway at Ikai, Patine and Love Bird’s shows.   StripesThe predominant pattern at the Amazon India Fashion Week, this season was the ubiquitous stripes – big, bold, subtle, horizontal, and vertical and in all shapes and sizes. While Ragini Ahuja explored stripes in all its avatars from bold to zig zag, Love Birds and Aarti Vijay Gupta resorted to subtle versions. Billowy silhouettesThis one-size-fit-all trend comes as good news for all Indian women on the heavier side. It is evident from the ramp that designers paid enough attention to the fact that some women need more relaxed styles. Our top picks are the ant-fit dresses seen in Love Birds’s show, the jackets, kurtas and cropped tops in Ragini Ahuja’s collection and the loose, free-flowing tops and dresses from Rina Dhaka’s new line.  Reinvented jumpsuitsDesigner Ashish N Soni expressed his signature creativity in his spring summer line that also marked his 25th year in the industry. He gave the utilitarian jumpsuit an interesting spin by adding to it dramatic saree pallu drapes. This season, wear the reinvented jumpsuit to the formal evening parties and watch heads turn.																		Warm weather may be months away but comfortable, fuss-free clothes are always on our mind. Who doesn’t wish to get into easy-breezy outfits and hit the outdoors? To help you make sound fashion decisions, we have put together some runway trends from the ongoing Amazon India Fashion Week SS/18 that you can actually wear in real life. From exaggerated lines, metallic hints to bright candy colours, Day 1 had all the inspiration you need for your summer wardrobe. Take a look.Metallic hintsIt's always a good time to be experimental. A good way to add fun and excitement to your wardrobe is to introduce metallic hints to your outfits or accessories. Rimzim Dadu infused metallic hues in silver, gold and blue into her range of re-imagined saris, sculpted statement tops jackets and skater dresses. If you aren’t sure of metallic outfits, begin with accessories. A hint of metallic is sure to get you noticed. Sorbet coloursPassionate pastels or sorbet shades have been making quite a wave on international runways and they made a strong appearance in Anupama Dayal’s show. She used lilacs, lavender, melons and sunset hues on gossamer and light fabrics such as chiffons and Chanderis. A deviation from the pop and neon colours, these shades will add a breath of fresh air to your summer wardrobe. Shoulder obsessionFashion’s fascination with shoulders rages on. The off-shoulder trend manifested itself in Samant Chauhan’s Victorian gowns and Anupama Dayal’s playful jumpsuits. Rock the trend by adding your own clever twists to it--sport the silhouette on your top and pair it with skirts and pants or go the traditional way by teaming a sari with the top. Athleisure boomWearing workout gear as a part of your casual outfit is the new in thing. Nida Mahmood fused age-less Indian art from around the country onto sporty silhouettes to create an athlesiure range in collaboration with active lifestyle brand Deivee. There were cycling shorts, leggings and running saris strutting down the ramp. Oversized ruffle collarsRuffle collars bring to mind images of the erstwhile queens of England. The aristocratic ruffle collar made a comeback in the Indigofera collection by Schulen Fernandes for Wendell Rodricks. They added a sharp colour contrast and an element of intrigue to fluid silhouettes. Outfit topperJackets in varying lengths are the current flavour of the season and are expected to enjoy the exalted status in the next season too. While JJ Valaya used long jackets with streamlined silhouettes over traditional saris, anarkalis and lehenga cholis, the brand Aureole paired hand woven cropped jackets and shrugs with dresses for maximum impact in its show.																		Warm weather may be months away but comfortable, fuss-free clothes are always on our mind. Who doesn’t wish to get into easy-breezy outfits and hit the outdoors? To help you make sound fashion decisions, we have put together some runway trends from the ongoing Amazon India Fashion Week SS/18 that you can actually wear in real life. From exaggerated lines, metallic hints to bright candy colours, Day 1 had all the inspiration you need for your summer wardrobe. Take a look.Metallic hintsIt's always a good time to be experimental. A good way to add fun and excitement to your wardrobe is to introduce metallic hints to your outfits or accessories. Rimzim Dadu infused metallic hues in silver, gold and blue into her range of re-imagined saris, sculpted statement tops jackets and skater dresses. If you aren’t sure of metallic outfits, begin with accessories. A hint of metallic is sure to get you noticed. Sorbet coloursPassionate pastels or sorbet shades have been making quite a wave on international runways and they made a strong appearance in Anupama Dayal’s show. She used lilacs, lavender, melons and sunset hues on gossamer and light fabrics such as chiffons and Chanderis. A deviation from the pop and neon colours, these shades will add a breath of fresh air to your summer wardrobe. Shoulder obsessionFashion’s fascination with shoulders rages on. The off-shoulder trend manifested itself in Samant Chauhan’s Victorian gowns and Anupama Dayal’s playful jumpsuits. Rock the trend by adding your own clever twists to it--sport the silhouette on your top and pair it with skirts and pants or go the traditional way by teaming a sari with the top. Athleisure boomWearing workout gear as a part of your casual outfit is the new in thing. Nida Mahmood fused age-less Indian art from around the country onto sporty silhouettes to create an athlesiure range in collaboration with active lifestyle brand Deivee. There were cycling shorts, leggings and running saris strutting down the ramp. Oversized ruffle collarsRuffle collars bring to mind images of the erstwhile queens of England. The aristocratic ruffle collar made a comeback in the Indigofera collection by Schulen Fernandes for Wendell Rodricks. They added a sharp colour contrast and an element of intrigue to fluid silhouettes. Outfit topperJackets in varying lengths are the current flavour of the season and are expected to enjoy the exalted status in the next season too. While JJ Valaya used long jackets with streamlined silhouettes over traditional saris, anarkalis and lehenga cholis, the brand Aureole paired hand woven cropped jackets and shrugs with dresses for maximum impact in its show.																		Warm weather may be months away but comfortable, fuss-free clothes are always on our mind. Who doesn’t wish to get into easy-breezy outfits and hit the outdoors? To help you make sound fashion decisions, we have put together some runway trends from the ongoing Amazon India Fashion Week SS/18 that you can actually wear in real life. From exaggerated lines, metallic hints to bright candy colours, Day 1 had all the inspiration you need for your summer wardrobe. Take a look.Metallic hintsIt's always a good time to be experimental. A good way to add fun and excitement to your wardrobe is to introduce metallic hints to your outfits or accessories. Rimzim Dadu infused metallic hues in silver, gold and blue into her range of re-imagined saris, sculpted statement tops jackets and skater dresses. If you aren’t sure of metallic outfits, begin with accessories. A hint of metallic is sure to get you noticed. Sorbet coloursPassionate pastels or sorbet shades have been making quite a wave on international runways and they made a strong appearance in Anupama Dayal’s show. She used lilacs, lavender, melons and sunset hues on gossamer and light fabrics such as chiffons and Chanderis. A deviation from the pop and neon colours, these shades will add a breath of fresh air to your summer wardrobe. Shoulder obsessionFashion’s fascination with shoulders rages on. The off-shoulder trend manifested itself in Samant Chauhan’s Victorian gowns and Anupama Dayal’s playful jumpsuits. Rock the trend by adding your own clever twists to it--sport the silhouette on your top and pair it with skirts and pants or go the traditional way by teaming a sari with the top. Athleisure boomWearing workout gear as a part of your casual outfit is the new in thing. Nida Mahmood fused age-less Indian art from around the country onto sporty silhouettes to create an athlesiure range in collaboration with active lifestyle brand Deivee. There were cycling shorts, leggings and running saris strutting down the ramp. Oversized ruffle collarsRuffle collars bring to mind images of the erstwhile queens of England. The aristocratic ruffle collar made a comeback in the Indigofera collection by Schulen Fernandes for Wendell Rodricks. They added a sharp colour contrast and an element of intrigue to fluid silhouettes. Outfit topperJackets in varying lengths are the current flavour of the season and are expected to enjoy the exalted status in the next season too. While JJ Valaya used long jackets with streamlined silhouettes over traditional saris, anarkalis and lehenga cholis, the brand Aureole paired hand woven cropped jackets and shrugs with dresses for maximum impact in its show.					Day 4 had some stellar shows by ace designers Anju Modi and Rahul Mishra. From classic silhouettes to traditional embroideries and from understated elegance to new age detailing, there was no dearth of fashion inspiration. Here’s what reigned the ramp. Floral storyThe floral story this season is whimsical, elegant and rooted to tradition. Rahul Mishra used resham threads to recreate intricate floral motifs of the Mughal era and mixed them with geometric and abstract patterns, giving them a contemporary twist. Anju Modi too followed the historical route and brought alive floral patterns from Rajasthan. Perfectly imperfect hemlinesAnju Modi added a bohemian yet sophisticated touch to her ensembles by introducing uneven hemlines on her long kurtas. The quintessentially laid-back style lent a certain nonchalance to her classic designs. Single outSingle-hue styles are not only figure-flattering but also make you look taller, so we were happy to spot the monochrome trend in both Anju Modi and Rahul Mishra’s collections.High timeAt the Rahul Mishra show, models sashayed down the ramp in high slit column kurtas paired with flared trousers and lehengas. The waist high slits made the outfits look edgy, contemporary and regal—all at once.Velvet touchAs far as fabrics go, nothing looks as rich and sophisticated as velvet. And Anju Modi, a costume revivalist known for her opulent creations, used it as a canvas for her Kishangarh inspired art work in lehengas, kurtas and jackets. If you aren’t the kind to wear an entire velvet outfit, then throw in a dupatta or a jacket tor a chic, dignified look. Day 4 had some stellar shows by ace designers Anju Modi and Rahul Mishra. From classic silhouettes to traditional embroideries and from understated elegance to new age detailing, there was no dearth of fashion inspiration. Here’s what reigned the ramp. Floral storyThe floral story this season is whimsical, elegant and rooted to tradition. Rahul Mishra used resham threads to recreate intricate floral motifs of the Mughal era and mixed them with geometric and abstract patterns, giving them a contemporary twist. Anju Modi too followed the historical route and brought alive floral patterns from Rajasthan. Perfectly imperfect hemlinesAnju Modi added a bohemian yet sophisticated touch to her ensembles by introducing uneven hemlines on her long kurtas. The quintessentially laid-back style lent a certain nonchalance to her classic designs. Single outSingle-hue styles are not only figure-flattering but also make you look taller, so we were happy to spot the monochrome trend in both Anju Modi and Rahul Mishra’s collections.High timeAt the Rahul Mishra show, models sashayed down the ramp in high slit column kurtas paired with flared trousers and lehengas. The waist high slits made the outfits look edgy, contemporary and regal—all at once.Velvet touchAs far as fabrics go, nothing looks as rich and sophisticated as velvet. And Anju Modi, a costume revivalist known for her opulent creations, used it as a canvas for her Kishangarh inspired art work in lehengas, kurtas and jackets. If you aren’t the kind to wear an entire velvet outfit, then throw in a dupatta or a jacket tor a chic, dignified look. Day 4 had some stellar shows by ace designers Anju Modi and Rahul Mishra. From classic silhouettes to traditional embroideries and from understated elegance to new age detailing, there was no dearth of fashion inspiration. Here’s what reigned the ramp. Floral storyThe floral story this season is whimsical, elegant and rooted to tradition. Rahul Mishra used resham threads to recreate intricate floral motifs of the Mughal era and mixed them with geometric and abstract patterns, giving them a contemporary twist. Anju Modi too followed the historical route and brought alive floral patterns from Rajasthan. Perfectly imperfect hemlinesAnju Modi added a bohemian yet sophisticated touch to her ensembles by introducing uneven hemlines on her long kurtas. The quintessentially laid-back style lent a certain nonchalance to her classic designs. Single outSingle-hue styles are not only figure-flattering but also make you look taller, so we were happy to spot the monochrome trend in both Anju Modi and Rahul Mishra’s collections.High timeAt the Rahul Mishra show, models sashayed down the ramp in high slit column kurtas paired with flared trousers and lehengas. The waist high slits made the outfits look edgy, contemporary and regal—all at once.Velvet touchAs far as fabrics go, nothing looks as rich and sophisticated as velvet. And Anju Modi, a costume revivalist known for her opulent creations, used it as a canvas for her Kishangarh inspired art work in lehengas, kurtas and jackets. If you aren’t the kind to wear an entire velvet outfit, then throw in a dupatta or a jacket tor a chic, dignified look. From vintage embroideries, unusual colour palette to fringe and ruffle detailing, Day two and three of the India Couture Week, 2017, had ample inspiration for brides-to-be. We handpick a few must-have styles.  Black is the new redThe colour black made a strong appearance on the runway. We saw it in Tarun Tahiliani’s sarees and floor length anarkalis and in Manav Gangwani’s ensembles too. This colour is here to stay for sure. Straight from the shoulder The focus on the shoulders, continues in this season too. Be it single, off or cold shoulders, designers Shyamal and Bhumika, Manav Gangwani and Reynu Taandon courted them with panache in their respective collections.Ruffle romanceThe quintessential European element—ruffles can be a part of Indian attires too proved designers Shyamal and Bhumika and Manav Gangwani. We loved the ruffles on blouses, gowns and saree edges.A long shotLong jackets provided a structured contrast to billowy lehengas in Reynu Taandon’s collection and added an edge of understated glamour to the classic silhouettes of Shyamal and Bhumika and Manav Gangwani.Fringe benefitsThis fun detailing can add drama and femininity to almost any look. So, we weren’t surprised when they found their way into Indian outfits. From paper shred fringes on blouses and lehenga hems at Tarun Tahiliani show to the fringe-finished sarees and dupattas in Manav Gangwani’s collection, they seemed to be ubiquitous. From vintage embroideries, unusual colour palette to fringe and ruffle detailing, Day two and three of the India Couture Week, 2017, had ample inspiration for brides-to-be. We handpick a few must-have styles.  Black is the new redThe colour black made a strong appearance on the runway. We saw it in Tarun Tahiliani’s sarees and floor length anarkalis and in Manav Gangwani’s ensembles too. This colour is here to stay for sure. Straight from the shoulder The focus on the shoulders, continues in this season too. Be it single, off or cold shoulders, designers Shyamal and Bhumika, Manav Gangwani and Reynu Taandon courted them with panache in their respective collections.Ruffle romanceThe quintessential European element—ruffles can be a part of Indian attires too proved designers Shyamal and Bhumika and Manav Gangwani. We loved the ruffles on blouses, gowns and saree edges.A long shotLong jackets provided a structured contrast to billowy lehengas in Reynu Taandon’s collection and added an edge of understated glamour to the classic silhouettes of Shyamal and Bhumika and Manav Gangwani.Fringe benefitsThis fun detailing can add drama and femininity to almost any look. So, we weren’t surprised when they found their way into Indian outfits. From paper shred fringes on blouses and lehenga hems at Tarun Tahiliani show to the fringe-finished sarees and dupattas in Manav Gangwani’s collection, they seemed to be ubiquitous. From vintage embroideries, unusual colour palette to fringe and ruffle detailing, Day two and three of the India Couture Week, 2017, had ample inspiration for brides-to-be. We handpick a few must-have styles.  Black is the new redThe colour black made a strong appearance on the runway. We saw it in Tarun Tahiliani’s sarees and floor length anarkalis and in Manav Gangwani’s ensembles too. This colour is here to stay for sure. Straight from the shoulder The focus on the shoulders, continues in this season too. Be it single, off or cold shoulders, designers Shyamal and Bhumika, Manav Gangwani and Reynu Taandon courted them with panache in their respective collections.Ruffle romanceThe quintessential European element—ruffles can be a part of Indian attires too proved designers Shyamal and Bhumika and Manav Gangwani. We loved the ruffles on blouses, gowns and saree edges.A long shotLong jackets provided a structured contrast to billowy lehengas in Reynu Taandon’s collection and added an edge of understated glamour to the classic silhouettes of Shyamal and Bhumika and Manav Gangwani.Fringe benefitsThis fun detailing can add drama and femininity to almost any look. So, we weren’t surprised when they found their way into Indian outfits. From paper shred fringes on blouses and lehenga hems at Tarun Tahiliani show to the fringe-finished sarees and dupattas in Manav Gangwani’s collection, they seemed to be ubiquitous. Day one of India Couture Week 2017 started off to a great start with ace couturiers Anamika Khanna and Rohit Bal showcasing their opulent collections. While Khanna chose to go the international way by putting up an installation of her collection "Happily Ever After" where buyers could touch and feel the clothes, Bal left no stone unturned in putting up a stunning show for his collection "Shahaan-e-Khaas". Here are a few trends that we rounded up for you. Capes take centre stageLast year cape blouses over lehengas made a strong appearance on the ramp. This year, Bal consolidates the purpose of a cape as an essential outerwear by layering it over blouses and lehengas and anarkalis.White is always rightMove over reds and maroons to make way for ivory, which was a dominant colour in both Khanna and Bal’s collections.Versatile separates rule the game Individuality and creativity will make your wedding ensemble stand out and this is what Khanna strongly believes in. Her collection had versatile statement pieces that the bride can mix and match to create a look to complement her mood and personality.The past aligns with the presentBoth Khanna and Bal brought alive the rich craft and heritage of India by reviving age-old zardozi metal and fine thread work on clothes with contemporary form and structure. Most of the pieces were deeply rooted in tradition yet had a global appeal.Sheer fun with fabricsKeeping in mind that the modern bride values comfort over customs, the designers experimented with lightweight sheer fabrics. Day one of India Couture Week 2017 started off to a great start with ace couturiers Anamika Khanna and Rohit Bal showcasing their opulent collections. While Khanna chose to go the international way by putting up an installation of her collection "Happily Ever After" where buyers could touch and feel the clothes, Bal left no stone unturned in putting up a stunning show for his collection "Shahaan-e-Khaas". Here are a few trends that we rounded up for you. Capes take centre stageLast year cape blouses over lehengas made a strong appearance on the ramp. This year, Bal consolidates the purpose of a cape as an essential outerwear by layering it over blouses and lehengas and anarkalis.White is always rightMove over reds and maroons to make way for ivory, which was a dominant colour in both Khanna and Bal’s collections.Versatile separates rule the game Individuality and creativity will make your wedding ensemble stand out and this is what Khanna strongly believes in. Her collection had versatile statement pieces that the bride can mix and match to create a look to complement her mood and personality.The past aligns with the presentBoth Khanna and Bal brought alive the rich craft and heritage of India by reviving age-old zardozi metal and fine thread work on clothes with contemporary form and structure. Most of the pieces were deeply rooted in tradition yet had a global appeal.Sheer fun with fabricsKeeping in mind that the modern bride values comfort over customs, the designers experimented with lightweight sheer fabrics. Day one of India Couture Week 2017 started off to a great start with ace couturiers Anamika Khanna and Rohit Bal showcasing their opulent collections. While Khanna chose to go the international way by putting up an installation of her collection "Happily Ever After" where buyers could touch and feel the clothes, Bal left no stone unturned in putting up a stunning show for his collection "Shahaan-e-Khaas". Here are a few trends that we rounded up for you. Capes take centre stageLast year cape blouses over lehengas made a strong appearance on the ramp. This year, Bal consolidates the purpose of a cape as an essential outerwear by layering it over blouses and lehengas and anarkalis.White is always rightMove over reds and maroons to make way for ivory, which was a dominant colour in both Khanna and Bal’s collections.Versatile separates rule the game Individuality and creativity will make your wedding ensemble stand out and this is what Khanna strongly believes in. Her collection had versatile statement pieces that the bride can mix and match to create a look to complement her mood and personality.The past aligns with the presentBoth Khanna and Bal brought alive the rich craft and heritage of India by reviving age-old zardozi metal and fine thread work on clothes with contemporary form and structure. Most of the pieces were deeply rooted in tradition yet had a global appeal.Sheer fun with fabricsKeeping in mind that the modern bride values comfort over customs, the designers experimented with lightweight sheer fabrics. Mom jeans: Swap these for a well-fitted pair of flared denims  Chokers: Say goodbye to this ’90s staple if you haven’t already   Cold shoulders and off-shoulders: It’s time to turn the spotlight somewhere else   Mirrored sunglasses: Enough of tripping over this  Fringes: They need to go, now!   Flower crowns: Leave them at Coachella please Crop tops: Yawn  Athleisure everything: Sports bras belong in the gym  Fur slippers: They don’t give us that fuzzy feeling anymore  Innerwear inspired outwear: Sorry Kendall  via GIPHY Mom jeans: Swap these for a well-fitted pair of flared denims  Chokers: Say goodbye to this ’90s staple if you haven’t already   Cold shoulders and off-shoulders: It’s time to turn the spotlight somewhere else   Mirrored sunglasses: Enough of tripping over this  Fringes: They need to go, now!   Flower crowns: Leave them at Coachella please Crop tops: Yawn  Athleisure everything: Sports bras belong in the gym  Fur slippers: They don’t give us that fuzzy feeling anymore  Innerwear inspired outwear: Sorry Kendall  via GIPHY Mom jeans: Swap these for a well-fitted pair of flared denims  Chokers: Say goodbye to this ’90s staple if you haven’t already   Cold shoulders and off-shoulders: It’s time to turn the spotlight somewhere else   Mirrored sunglasses: Enough of tripping over this  Fringes: They need to go, now!   Flower crowns: Leave them at Coachella please Crop tops: Yawn  Athleisure everything: Sports bras belong in the gym  Fur slippers: They don’t give us that fuzzy feeling anymore  Innerwear inspired outwear: Sorry Kendall  via GIPHY High fashion to you is all about layering  Every time you put on a fancy jacket…  You can never leave home without piling on those accessories and yes, you want to grow old to become Iris Apfel  You love your healthy share of bling   Lady Gaga is your style twin   Stacked bracelets and bangles were your thing even before they were A THING   Your reaction when someone says you’ve got too much going on  Your heart is stuck in the ’80s   You find clashing patterns oddly satisfying   Your squad totally gets your ‘more is more’ philosophy via GIPHY High fashion to you is all about layering  Every time you put on a fancy jacket…  You can never leave home without piling on those accessories and yes, you want to grow old to become Iris Apfel  You love your healthy share of bling   Lady Gaga is your style twin   Stacked bracelets and bangles were your thing even before they were A THING   Your reaction when someone says you’ve got too much going on  Your heart is stuck in the ’80s   You find clashing patterns oddly satisfying   Your squad totally gets your ‘more is more’ philosophy via GIPHY High fashion to you is all about layering  Every time you put on a fancy jacket…  You can never leave home without piling on those accessories and yes, you want to grow old to become Iris Apfel  You love your healthy share of bling   Lady Gaga is your style twin   Stacked bracelets and bangles were your thing even before they were A THING   Your reaction when someone says you’ve got too much going on  Your heart is stuck in the ’80s   You find clashing patterns oddly satisfying   Your squad totally gets your ‘more is more’ philosophy via GIPHY 													Girls have a love-hate relationship with heels. We start hating them the moment we put them on. But heels have their own advantages—they make us look taller, give shape to our legs and posterior and we instantly feel glamorous. However here are few problems that every girl understands when she is wearing heels for too long:You want to look like this And do this  But after a few minutes you end up doing this You wished you looked this sexy while doing everyday chores But instead, this is what happens When you go to a party looking all hot and sexy in the beginning, at then you walk back home like this You want to feel like a goddess when you are dancing But you end up getting to the dance floor like this And then your whole life falls apart when you see this. What kind of sorcery is this. Well, love it or hate it there’s no living without it.  													Girls have a love-hate relationship with heels. We start hating them the moment we put them on. But heels have their own advantages—they make us look taller, give shape to our legs and posterior and we instantly feel glamorous. However here are few problems that every girl understands when she is wearing heels for too long:You want to look like this And do this  But after a few minutes you end up doing this You wished you looked this sexy while doing everyday chores But instead, this is what happens When you go to a party looking all hot and sexy in the beginning, at then you walk back home like this You want to feel like a goddess when you are dancing But you end up getting to the dance floor like this And then your whole life falls apart when you see this. What kind of sorcery is this. Well, love it or hate it there’s no living without it.  													Girls have a love-hate relationship with heels. We start hating them the moment we put them on. But heels have their own advantages—they make us look taller, give shape to our legs and posterior and we instantly feel glamorous. However here are few problems that every girl understands when she is wearing heels for too long:You want to look like this And do this  But after a few minutes you end up doing this You wished you looked this sexy while doing everyday chores But instead, this is what happens When you go to a party looking all hot and sexy in the beginning, at then you walk back home like this You want to feel like a goddess when you are dancing But you end up getting to the dance floor like this And then your whole life falls apart when you see this. What kind of sorcery is this. Well, love it or hate it there’s no living without it.  As the growing popularity of cruise shows indicates, between Instagram-worthy beach escapes, destination weddings and glamping, resort fashion has indeed come a long way. Whether you’re reclining on sun loungers or cruising over gorgeous landscapes in a hot air balloon, there’s no excuse to look sloppy anymore, especially when you travel. While the island state of mind is just that—a state of mind—the allure of a glorious coverup, a feather-light kaftan or one of those hand-woven, basket totes is real, palpable and, suddenly, everywhere.  Spring/summer 2017 runways are proof that resortwear can go well beyond throw-on-and-go pieces. Take Miu Miu’s retro Italy-inspired collection, which comprise a line of ruched bikinis, patterned robe-style dresses and teensy twinsets, accompanied by embossed pool slides and appliqued swim caps. Miuccia Prada understands the value of a chic escape. “It’s a celebration of summer and its pleasures,” she mused during the post-show interview. Dolce & Gabbana also sought inspiration from the Italian tropics for its covered sundresses, bralets and miniskirts in fun prints (think pasta, seafood and gelato). The show venue even had a counter serving fresh tender coconut water and models strutted down the runway to the rhythms of the tarantella. Giorgio Armani presented a line of slouchy bloomers, sheer cover-ups and short suits, featuring painterly prints and tassels—just what we need for those soirées under the stars. The accessories followed suit; the flatforms at Prada and Chloé would make for stylish accoutrements on a holiday. For their spring/summer 2017 collection, Delhi-based designer duo Hemant and Nandita elevated holiday basics like swimsuits, shorts, crop tops and sarong-esque skirts using Victorian ruffles and vibrant print play. Nishka Lulla set out to reinvent the pantsuit, working with softer fabrics and delicate embellishments to transform it into a resort essential. Lulla says, “I used lightweight, everyday materials like cotton and tulle in relaxed comfy silhouettes, with frills and flounces thrown in for good measure.” Aparna Badlani, curator and co-owner of multi-designer boutique Atosa, Mumbai, has long recognised the potential of well-made resortwear. “At a point when destination weddings are such a huge phenomenon, the category is finally getting its due,” she says. If there’s one image that captures the exquisite charm of travel, it’s got to be that of actor and socialite Talitha Getty hanging out on the terrace of her Marrakech home, immortalised by photographer Patrick Lichfield in the late ’60s.  It even inspired Yves Saint Laurent to design a line of kaftans that he called Une Passion Marocaine. Designer and TV personality Nicole Richie, who has a perpetual vacation vibe about her, best embodies this spirit today. Her style reminiscent of LA’s boho-luxe aesthetic from the ’60s and the ’70s. Whether it’s through pictures of Taylor’s Swift’s glamorous squad chilling together on a yacht or Olivia Palermo and beau Johannes Huebl’s romantic romp in Greece, travel continues to fire our imagination and inform fashion in the most powerful ways.  Much like with eveningwear, building a bankable resortwear wardrobe takes work. “Start with the basics and build from there. Think kaftans, palazzos, shorts, day dresses and strappy sandals,” says Badlani. According to Lulla, the trick is to invest in lightweight, versatile separates that can be paired with other items from your wardrobe. “Take, for instance, bustiers that you can wear on the beach or with high-waisted bottoms for a night out,” she says. It’s always a good idea to mix luxe pieces with exotic finds from local boutiques and markets to create a look that is uniquely yours. Bon voyage!					As the growing popularity of cruise shows indicates, between Instagram-worthy beach escapes, destination weddings and glamping, resort fashion has indeed come a long way. Whether you’re reclining on sun loungers or cruising over gorgeous landscapes in a hot air balloon, there’s no excuse to look sloppy anymore, especially when you travel. While the island state of mind is just that—a state of mind—the allure of a glorious coverup, a feather-light kaftan or one of those hand-woven, basket totes is real, palpable and, suddenly, everywhere.  Spring/summer 2017 runways are proof that resortwear can go well beyond throw-on-and-go pieces. Take Miu Miu’s retro Italy-inspired collection, which comprise a line of ruched bikinis, patterned robe-style dresses and teensy twinsets, accompanied by embossed pool slides and appliqued swim caps. Miuccia Prada understands the value of a chic escape. “It’s a celebration of summer and its pleasures,” she mused during the post-show interview. Dolce & Gabbana also sought inspiration from the Italian tropics for its covered sundresses, bralets and miniskirts in fun prints (think pasta, seafood and gelato). The show venue even had a counter serving fresh tender coconut water and models strutted down the runway to the rhythms of the tarantella. Giorgio Armani presented a line of slouchy bloomers, sheer cover-ups and short suits, featuring painterly prints and tassels—just what we need for those soirées under the stars. The accessories followed suit; the flatforms at Prada and Chloé would make for stylish accoutrements on a holiday. For their spring/summer 2017 collection, Delhi-based designer duo Hemant and Nandita elevated holiday basics like swimsuits, shorts, crop tops and sarong-esque skirts using Victorian ruffles and vibrant print play. Nishka Lulla set out to reinvent the pantsuit, working with softer fabrics and delicate embellishments to transform it into a resort essential. Lulla says, “I used lightweight, everyday materials like cotton and tulle in relaxed comfy silhouettes, with frills and flounces thrown in for good measure.” Aparna Badlani, curator and co-owner of multi-designer boutique Atosa, Mumbai, has long recognised the potential of well-made resortwear. “At a point when destination weddings are such a huge phenomenon, the category is finally getting its due,” she says. If there’s one image that captures the exquisite charm of travel, it’s got to be that of actor and socialite Talitha Getty hanging out on the terrace of her Marrakech home, immortalised by photographer Patrick Lichfield in the late ’60s.  It even inspired Yves Saint Laurent to design a line of kaftans that he called Une Passion Marocaine. Designer and TV personality Nicole Richie, who has a perpetual vacation vibe about her, best embodies this spirit today. Her style reminiscent of LA’s boho-luxe aesthetic from the ’60s and the ’70s. Whether it’s through pictures of Taylor’s Swift’s glamorous squad chilling together on a yacht or Olivia Palermo and beau Johannes Huebl’s romantic romp in Greece, travel continues to fire our imagination and inform fashion in the most powerful ways.  Much like with eveningwear, building a bankable resortwear wardrobe takes work. “Start with the basics and build from there. Think kaftans, palazzos, shorts, day dresses and strappy sandals,” says Badlani. According to Lulla, the trick is to invest in lightweight, versatile separates that can be paired with other items from your wardrobe. “Take, for instance, bustiers that you can wear on the beach or with high-waisted bottoms for a night out,” she says. It’s always a good idea to mix luxe pieces with exotic finds from local boutiques and markets to create a look that is uniquely yours. Bon voyage!					As the growing popularity of cruise shows indicates, between Instagram-worthy beach escapes, destination weddings and glamping, resort fashion has indeed come a long way. Whether you’re reclining on sun loungers or cruising over gorgeous landscapes in a hot air balloon, there’s no excuse to look sloppy anymore, especially when you travel. While the island state of mind is just that—a state of mind—the allure of a glorious coverup, a feather-light kaftan or one of those hand-woven, basket totes is real, palpable and, suddenly, everywhere.  Spring/summer 2017 runways are proof that resortwear can go well beyond throw-on-and-go pieces. Take Miu Miu’s retro Italy-inspired collection, which comprise a line of ruched bikinis, patterned robe-style dresses and teensy twinsets, accompanied by embossed pool slides and appliqued swim caps. Miuccia Prada understands the value of a chic escape. “It’s a celebration of summer and its pleasures,” she mused during the post-show interview. Dolce & Gabbana also sought inspiration from the Italian tropics for its covered sundresses, bralets and miniskirts in fun prints (think pasta, seafood and gelato). The show venue even had a counter serving fresh tender coconut water and models strutted down the runway to the rhythms of the tarantella. Giorgio Armani presented a line of slouchy bloomers, sheer cover-ups and short suits, featuring painterly prints and tassels—just what we need for those soirées under the stars. The accessories followed suit; the flatforms at Prada and Chloé would make for stylish accoutrements on a holiday. For their spring/summer 2017 collection, Delhi-based designer duo Hemant and Nandita elevated holiday basics like swimsuits, shorts, crop tops and sarong-esque skirts using Victorian ruffles and vibrant print play. Nishka Lulla set out to reinvent the pantsuit, working with softer fabrics and delicate embellishments to transform it into a resort essential. Lulla says, “I used lightweight, everyday materials like cotton and tulle in relaxed comfy silhouettes, with frills and flounces thrown in for good measure.” Aparna Badlani, curator and co-owner of multi-designer boutique Atosa, Mumbai, has long recognised the potential of well-made resortwear. “At a point when destination weddings are such a huge phenomenon, the category is finally getting its due,” she says. If there’s one image that captures the exquisite charm of travel, it’s got to be that of actor and socialite Talitha Getty hanging out on the terrace of her Marrakech home, immortalised by photographer Patrick Lichfield in the late ’60s.  It even inspired Yves Saint Laurent to design a line of kaftans that he called Une Passion Marocaine. Designer and TV personality Nicole Richie, who has a perpetual vacation vibe about her, best embodies this spirit today. Her style reminiscent of LA’s boho-luxe aesthetic from the ’60s and the ’70s. Whether it’s through pictures of Taylor’s Swift’s glamorous squad chilling together on a yacht or Olivia Palermo and beau Johannes Huebl’s romantic romp in Greece, travel continues to fire our imagination and inform fashion in the most powerful ways.  Much like with eveningwear, building a bankable resortwear wardrobe takes work. “Start with the basics and build from there. Think kaftans, palazzos, shorts, day dresses and strappy sandals,” says Badlani. According to Lulla, the trick is to invest in lightweight, versatile separates that can be paired with other items from your wardrobe. “Take, for instance, bustiers that you can wear on the beach or with high-waisted bottoms for a night out,” she says. It’s always a good idea to mix luxe pieces with exotic finds from local boutiques and markets to create a look that is uniquely yours. Bon voyage!					via GIPHYYou may deny it now but, Aishwarya Rai-Bachchchan has to have been your woman crush atleast once in your lifetime. We’ve all celebrated when she won the Miss World title, swooned when she danced to ‘Nimbooda Nimbooda’, tracked every detail of her exclusive wedding affair and now totally adore her daughter, Aradhya Bachchan. She gave us #beautygoals, #closetgoals and now, #familygoals. As she celebrated her decade-long marriage with Abhishek Bachchan, we look back at 10 times when the actor made us fall in love with her style: Every time she made an appearance at the Cannes red carpet.via GIPHY When she played our very own desi Elizabeth Bennet in Bride and Prejudicevia GIPHY When she looked every bit perfect in her Bengali bride avatarvia GIPHY When we danced to her tunes in Umrao Jaanvia GIPHY The time when she looked like the queen she is in Jodhaa Akbarvia GIPHY Is there anything that she can do without looking perfect?via GIPHY The time when these two gave us #couples goals at Koffee with Karan.via GIPHY Everytime she owned talk shows with her quick wit and looked gorgeous doing thatvia GIPHY She nails every outfit she wears and we totally love her charm. Belated happy Anniversary! via GIPHY All our life, we have been taught that wearing a well-fitted bra can enhance your body shape, not make your breasts sag and in general, help you conquer the world (if you believe all those innerwear advertisements). But have you ever thought what the world would be like if you didn't have to wear one. For starters, it will let your breasts free—you won’t be constricted by two straps and the pesky hook that’s constantly poking your shoulders and back. We have listed a few more benefits of not wearing a bra everybody: The sense of freedomIt’s like going back home and removing your bra so that you can finally breathe—but now you don’t have to because well, WTH!via GIPHYOff-shoulder tops are totally your thing.You don’t have to worry about your bra strap showing anymore.via GIPHYPersonal comfort wins over other people’s stares.Well, why not! via GIPHYYou become an avid supporter of free the nipple momentGirl power!via GIPHYPlus you get to wear one less layer during summerAnd that’s just pure bliss.via GIPHY via GIPHYYou may deny it now but, Aishwarya Rai-Bachchchan has to have been your woman crush atleast once in your lifetime. We’ve all celebrated when she won the Miss World title, swooned when she danced to ‘Nimbooda Nimbooda’, tracked every detail of her exclusive wedding affair and now totally adore her daughter, Aradhya Bachchan. She gave us #beautygoals, #closetgoals and now, #familygoals. As she celebrated her decade-long marriage with Abhishek Bachchan, we look back at 10 times when the actor made us fall in love with her style: Every time she made an appearance at the Cannes red carpet.via GIPHY When she played our very own desi Elizabeth Bennet in Bride and Prejudicevia GIPHY When she looked every bit perfect in her Bengali bride avatarvia GIPHY When we danced to her tunes in Umrao Jaanvia GIPHY The time when she looked like the queen she is in Jodhaa Akbarvia GIPHY Is there anything that she can do without looking perfect?via GIPHY The time when these two gave us #couples goals at Koffee with Karan.via GIPHY Everytime she owned talk shows with her quick wit and looked gorgeous doing thatvia GIPHY She nails every outfit she wears and we totally love her charm. Belated happy Anniversary! via GIPHY via GIPHYYou may deny it now but, Aishwarya Rai-Bachchchan has to have been your woman crush atleast once in your lifetime. We’ve all celebrated when she won the Miss World title, swooned when she danced to ‘Nimbooda Nimbooda’, tracked every detail of her exclusive wedding affair and now totally adore her daughter, Aradhya Bachchan. She gave us #beautygoals, #closetgoals and now, #familygoals. As she celebrated her decade-long marriage with Abhishek Bachchan, we look back at 10 times when the actor made us fall in love with her style: Every time she made an appearance at the Cannes red carpet.via GIPHY When she played our very own desi Elizabeth Bennet in Bride and Prejudicevia GIPHY When she looked every bit perfect in her Bengali bride avatarvia GIPHY When we danced to her tunes in Umrao Jaanvia GIPHY The time when she looked like the queen she is in Jodhaa Akbarvia GIPHY Is there anything that she can do without looking perfect?via GIPHY The time when these two gave us #couples goals at Koffee with Karan.via GIPHY Everytime she owned talk shows with her quick wit and looked gorgeous doing thatvia GIPHY She nails every outfit she wears and we totally love her charm. Belated happy Anniversary! via GIPHY All our life, we have been taught that wearing a well-fitted bra can enhance your body shape, not make your breasts sag and in general, help you conquer the world (if you believe all those innerwear advertisements). But have you ever thought what the world would be like if you didn't have to wear one. For starters, it will let your breasts free—you won’t be constricted by two straps and the pesky hook that’s constantly poking your shoulders and back. We have listed a few more benefits of not wearing a bra everybody: The sense of freedomIt’s like going back home and removing your bra so that you can finally breathe—but now you don’t have to because well, WTH!via GIPHYOff-shoulder tops are totally your thing.You don’t have to worry about your bra strap showing anymore.via GIPHYPersonal comfort wins over other people’s stares.Well, why not! via GIPHYYou become an avid supporter of free the nipple momentGirl power!via GIPHYPlus you get to wear one less layer during summerAnd that’s just pure bliss.via GIPHY All our life, we have been taught that wearing a well-fitted bra can enhance your body shape, not make your breasts sag and in general, help you conquer the world (if you believe all those innerwear advertisements). But have you ever thought what the world would be like if you didn't have to wear one. For starters, it will let your breasts free—you won’t be constricted by two straps and the pesky hook that’s constantly poking your shoulders and back. We have listed a few more benefits of not wearing a bra everybody: The sense of freedomIt’s like going back home and removing your bra so that you can finally breathe—but now you don’t have to because well, WTH!via GIPHYOff-shoulder tops are totally your thing.You don’t have to worry about your bra strap showing anymore.via GIPHYPersonal comfort wins over other people’s stares.Well, why not! via GIPHYYou become an avid supporter of free the nipple momentGirl power!via GIPHYPlus you get to wear one less layer during summerAnd that’s just pure bliss.via GIPHY Siddhartha Tytler This season, Designer Siddhatha Tytler showcased his collection in dark mood inspired by the after-life. He used fabrics like velvet neoprene, lycra georgettes and techniques of metal hardware, laser cutting for his collection. He also collaborated with famous accessories designer Diego Montoya, who designed heavily embellished masks for the show.     Ashima Leena Designer Ashima Singh showcased her Charukesha collection at Amazon India Fashion Week. The collection was inspired by blue pottery and Shiva's jatadhari edifice that visually reflected in the collection. Overall, the collection was a mix of sculptured skirts, pashmina blouses, tribal gilets and asymmetric kurtas.     Anju Modi This year, the fashion week was all in support of 'Make in India' concept and designer Anju Modi showcased her Neelambar collection of India's textile heritage. The models were seen wearing Needledust juttisâ€”that were hand crafted in India. While, Dangal fame actress Sakshi Tanwar turned showstopper and added extra charm to the show.     Shivan & Narresh Swimwear designers, Shivan & Narresh redefined the legendary painter Egon Shciele's work at the show. Their collection was a celebration of his works featuring landscapes, riversides to contorted human figures.  ''Our designs have largely catered to day lifestyles and this season we moved to the more evening & opulent part of holidays & destination weddings. Hence, the details & surfaces became key to the collection,'' said Shivan Bhatiya in a statement.     Malini Ramani Designer, Malini Ramani showcased her collection Nomad which was bold and tribal. The collection was a mix of bohemian vibes with embroidered capes, block printed dresses, kaftans and saris.     Wendell Rodricks Schulen Fernandes, creative head for Wendell Rodricks showcased The Cubist Rose collection at AIFW. This is her second collection and this year, it celebrated the rose in a cubist avatar. It was in hues of reds, oranges, pinks and teal green, nude. The collection interpreted rose in various forms of layering, design techniques and flowing fabrics.   Siddhartha Tytler This season, Designer Siddhatha Tytler showcased his collection in dark mood inspired by the after-life. He used fabrics like velvet neoprene, lycra georgettes and techniques of metal hardware, laser cutting for his collection. He also collaborated with famous accessories designer Diego Montoya, who designed heavily embellished masks for the show.     Ashima Leena Designer Ashima Singh showcased her Charukesha collection at Amazon India Fashion Week. The collection was inspired by blue pottery and Shiva's jatadhari edifice that visually reflected in the collection. Overall, the collection was a mix of sculptured skirts, pashmina blouses, tribal gilets and asymmetric kurtas.     Anju Modi This year, the fashion week was all in support of 'Make in India' concept and designer Anju Modi showcased her Neelambar collection of India's textile heritage. The models were seen wearing Needledust juttisâ€”that were hand crafted in India. While, Dangal fame actress Sakshi Tanwar turned showstopper and added extra charm to the show.     Shivan & Narresh Swimwear designers, Shivan & Narresh redefined the legendary painter Egon Shciele's work at the show. Their collection was a celebration of his works featuring landscapes, riversides to contorted human figures.  ''Our designs have largely catered to day lifestyles and this season we moved to the more evening & opulent part of holidays & destination weddings. Hence, the details & surfaces became key to the collection,'' said Shivan Bhatiya in a statement.     Malini Ramani Designer, Malini Ramani showcased her collection Nomad which was bold and tribal. The collection was a mix of bohemian vibes with embroidered capes, block printed dresses, kaftans and saris.     Wendell Rodricks Schulen Fernandes, creative head for Wendell Rodricks showcased The Cubist Rose collection at AIFW. This is her second collection and this year, it celebrated the rose in a cubist avatar. It was in hues of reds, oranges, pinks and teal green, nude. The collection interpreted rose in various forms of layering, design techniques and flowing fabrics.   Siddhartha Tytler This season, Designer Siddhatha Tytler showcased his collection in dark mood inspired by the after-life. He used fabrics like velvet neoprene, lycra georgettes and techniques of metal hardware, laser cutting for his collection. He also collaborated with famous accessories designer Diego Montoya, who designed heavily embellished masks for the show.     Ashima Leena Designer Ashima Singh showcased her Charukesha collection at Amazon India Fashion Week. The collection was inspired by blue pottery and Shiva's jatadhari edifice that visually reflected in the collection. Overall, the collection was a mix of sculptured skirts, pashmina blouses, tribal gilets and asymmetric kurtas.     Anju Modi This year, the fashion week was all in support of 'Make in India' concept and designer Anju Modi showcased her Neelambar collection of India's textile heritage. The models were seen wearing Needledust juttisâ€”that were hand crafted in India. While, Dangal fame actress Sakshi Tanwar turned showstopper and added extra charm to the show.     Shivan & Narresh Swimwear designers, Shivan & Narresh redefined the legendary painter Egon Shciele's work at the show. Their collection was a celebration of his works featuring landscapes, riversides to contorted human figures.  ''Our designs have largely catered to day lifestyles and this season we moved to the more evening & opulent part of holidays & destination weddings. Hence, the details & surfaces became key to the collection,'' said Shivan Bhatiya in a statement.     Malini Ramani Designer, Malini Ramani showcased her collection Nomad which was bold and tribal. The collection was a mix of bohemian vibes with embroidered capes, block printed dresses, kaftans and saris.     Wendell Rodricks Schulen Fernandes, creative head for Wendell Rodricks showcased The Cubist Rose collection at AIFW. This is her second collection and this year, it celebrated the rose in a cubist avatar. It was in hues of reds, oranges, pinks and teal green, nude. The collection interpreted rose in various forms of layering, design techniques and flowing fabrics.      Alia Bhatt turned up the cute factor in this Garfield shirt dress for a recent outing. If you love her look as much as we do read on to know where you can find your favourite characters on the coolest clothes.      Only X Garfield Who doesn’t love the lasagna-loving, Monday-hating kitty, Garfield! Fast-fashion brand Only is paying tribute to the iconic character with its latest Girl & Paw collection. This limited-edition capsule features graphic tees, knee-cut sweats, PU pants, button-ups, shirt dresses and denim pinafores on the theme. We are already on the prowl for this one.    Hidesign X Beauty and the Beast  Just ahead of the release of this year’s most anticipated live-action film, Beauty and the Beast, Disney has collaborated with Hidesign to launch a limited edition range of bags and wallets. The much-loved characters appear as subtle patchwork on Hidesign’s sumptuously textured leather products. We love!     Max X Star Wars  The high-street brand brings alive the magic of Star Wars and its iconic characters with a cool, casual collection. Get set to sport Darth Vader, Stormtroopers, Master Yoda and others on your crop tops, long tees, sweatshirts and tank tops. These are just too cool for school.    Alia Bhatt turned up the cute factor in this Garfield shirt dress for a recent outing. If you love her look as much as we do read on to know where you can find your favourite characters on the coolest clothes.      Only X Garfield Who doesn’t love the lasagna-loving, Monday-hating kitty, Garfield! Fast-fashion brand Only is paying tribute to the iconic character with its latest Girl & Paw collection. This limited-edition capsule features graphic tees, knee-cut sweats, PU pants, button-ups, shirt dresses and denim pinafores on the theme. We are already on the prowl for this one.    Hidesign X Beauty and the Beast  Just ahead of the release of this year’s most anticipated live-action film, Beauty and the Beast, Disney has collaborated with Hidesign to launch a limited edition range of bags and wallets. The much-loved characters appear as subtle patchwork on Hidesign’s sumptuously textured leather products. We love!     Max X Star Wars  The high-street brand brings alive the magic of Star Wars and its iconic characters with a cool, casual collection. Get set to sport Darth Vader, Stormtroopers, Master Yoda and others on your crop tops, long tees, sweatshirts and tank tops. These are just too cool for school.    Alia Bhatt turned up the cute factor in this Garfield shirt dress for a recent outing. If you love her look as much as we do read on to know where you can find your favourite characters on the coolest clothes.      Only X Garfield Who doesn’t love the lasagna-loving, Monday-hating kitty, Garfield! Fast-fashion brand Only is paying tribute to the iconic character with its latest Girl & Paw collection. This limited-edition capsule features graphic tees, knee-cut sweats, PU pants, button-ups, shirt dresses and denim pinafores on the theme. We are already on the prowl for this one.    Hidesign X Beauty and the Beast  Just ahead of the release of this year’s most anticipated live-action film, Beauty and the Beast, Disney has collaborated with Hidesign to launch a limited edition range of bags and wallets. The much-loved characters appear as subtle patchwork on Hidesign’s sumptuously textured leather products. We love!     Max X Star Wars  The high-street brand brings alive the magic of Star Wars and its iconic characters with a cool, casual collection. Get set to sport Darth Vader, Stormtroopers, Master Yoda and others on your crop tops, long tees, sweatshirts and tank tops. These are just too cool for school. Abaya is an outer garment worn by Muslim women. It also called burqa in certain countries. This garment is a long robe or cloak, which covers the body except for head, feet, and hands. The traditional abayas are black in colour. But now, these abayas have now got a fashion makeover.    The women, who are style savvy women and love to boast the tradition and trend can try the updated versions. We got in touch with LimeRoad's fashion stylist, Rina S Walia to talk about the new styles:   1. Denim love The long denim abaya is the best for the all-denim look. This can be paired with printed or solid cotton head scarf for any easy outdoor look. Add a pop of colour, by carrying a neon sling bag.    2. Pick the Pleats Pleats are always going to be on trend. Try a black one with colourful pleats at the bottom. Complete the look with a pair of pumps and a black sling bag.     3. Pretty pastels Pastel shades have become the talk of the town. Try a beautiful pastel pink abaya as the go-to attire for days when you want to look effortlessly stylish.    4. Cape Craze Capes are totally ruling the ramps this season. Don't lag! Wear a cape abaya and tune up your feminine charm. It's perfect for summer day outs.     (Abaya images: Limeroad.com)  Gabriela Hearst: Gabriela Hearst is a true-blue Instagram success story. Her creation, the Nina bag, became an Instagram phenomenon after it was spotted with Buro247 founder Miroslava Duma. Follow her on Instagram to see her luxe line, her fashionable outings, and of course the covetable Nina bagPhotograph: www.instagram.com/gabrielahearst  Misha Nonoo: Misha Nonoo’s eponymous label is for the Insta-generation. She is the first runway designer to debut her spring/summer 2016 collection on Instagram instead of New York Fashion Week. Follow this designer on Instagram to get your daily dose of all things stylish.Photograph: www.instagram.com/mishanonoo  Victoria Beckham: This designer needs no introduction. With a whopping Instagram follower count of 14 million, her handle captures everything from her personal style to her adorable family and her beautiful line of luxe separates.Photograph: www.instagram.com/victoriabeckham   Rebecca Minkoff: The designer is known for her covetable line of accessories, shoes and bags. Her Instagram account gives a day-to-day update of her boho-chic handbags, glamourous accessories and cool street-style photographs. Photograph: www.instagram.com/rebeccaminkoff   Clare Waight Keller: Her Instagram account is the embodiment of the true Chloé girl—a free-sprited traveler with a generous sprinkling of romanticism. Follow her as she travels around the world and posts exclusive Chloé updates. Photograph: www.instagram.com/ clarewaightkeller Abaya is an outer garment worn by Muslim women. It also called burqa in certain countries. This garment is a long robe or cloak, which covers the body except for head, feet, and hands. The traditional abayas are black in colour. But now, these abayas have now got a fashion makeover.    The women, who are style savvy women and love to boast the tradition and trend can try the updated versions. We got in touch with LimeRoad's fashion stylist, Rina S Walia to talk about the new styles:   1. Denim love The long denim abaya is the best for the all-denim look. This can be paired with printed or solid cotton head scarf for any easy outdoor look. Add a pop of colour, by carrying a neon sling bag.    2. Pick the Pleats Pleats are always going to be on trend. Try a black one with colourful pleats at the bottom. Complete the look with a pair of pumps and a black sling bag.     3. Pretty pastels Pastel shades have become the talk of the town. Try a beautiful pastel pink abaya as the go-to attire for days when you want to look effortlessly stylish.    4. Cape Craze Capes are totally ruling the ramps this season. Don't lag! Wear a cape abaya and tune up your feminine charm. It's perfect for summer day outs.     (Abaya images: Limeroad.com) Abaya is an outer garment worn by Muslim women. It also called burqa in certain countries. This garment is a long robe or cloak, which covers the body except for head, feet, and hands. The traditional abayas are black in colour. But now, these abayas have now got a fashion makeover.    The women, who are style savvy women and love to boast the tradition and trend can try the updated versions. We got in touch with LimeRoad's fashion stylist, Rina S Walia to talk about the new styles:   1. Denim love The long denim abaya is the best for the all-denim look. This can be paired with printed or solid cotton head scarf for any easy outdoor look. Add a pop of colour, by carrying a neon sling bag.    2. Pick the Pleats Pleats are always going to be on trend. Try a black one with colourful pleats at the bottom. Complete the look with a pair of pumps and a black sling bag.     3. Pretty pastels Pastel shades have become the talk of the town. Try a beautiful pastel pink abaya as the go-to attire for days when you want to look effortlessly stylish.    4. Cape Craze Capes are totally ruling the ramps this season. Don't lag! Wear a cape abaya and tune up your feminine charm. It's perfect for summer day outs.     (Abaya images: Limeroad.com)  Gabriela Hearst: Gabriela Hearst is a true-blue Instagram success story. Her creation, the Nina bag, became an Instagram phenomenon after it was spotted with Buro247 founder Miroslava Duma. Follow her on Instagram to see her luxe line, her fashionable outings, and of course the covetable Nina bagPhotograph: www.instagram.com/gabrielahearst  Misha Nonoo: Misha Nonoo’s eponymous label is for the Insta-generation. She is the first runway designer to debut her spring/summer 2016 collection on Instagram instead of New York Fashion Week. Follow this designer on Instagram to get your daily dose of all things stylish.Photograph: www.instagram.com/mishanonoo  Victoria Beckham: This designer needs no introduction. With a whopping Instagram follower count of 14 million, her handle captures everything from her personal style to her adorable family and her beautiful line of luxe separates.Photograph: www.instagram.com/victoriabeckham   Rebecca Minkoff: The designer is known for her covetable line of accessories, shoes and bags. Her Instagram account gives a day-to-day update of her boho-chic handbags, glamourous accessories and cool street-style photographs. Photograph: www.instagram.com/rebeccaminkoff   Clare Waight Keller: Her Instagram account is the embodiment of the true Chloé girl—a free-sprited traveler with a generous sprinkling of romanticism. Follow her as she travels around the world and posts exclusive Chloé updates. Photograph: www.instagram.com/ clarewaightkeller  Gabriela Hearst: Gabriela Hearst is a true-blue Instagram success story. Her creation, the Nina bag, became an Instagram phenomenon after it was spotted with Buro247 founder Miroslava Duma. Follow her on Instagram to see her luxe line, her fashionable outings, and of course the covetable Nina bagPhotograph: www.instagram.com/gabrielahearst  Misha Nonoo: Misha Nonoo’s eponymous label is for the Insta-generation. She is the first runway designer to debut her spring/summer 2016 collection on Instagram instead of New York Fashion Week. Follow this designer on Instagram to get your daily dose of all things stylish.Photograph: www.instagram.com/mishanonoo  Victoria Beckham: This designer needs no introduction. With a whopping Instagram follower count of 14 million, her handle captures everything from her personal style to her adorable family and her beautiful line of luxe separates.Photograph: www.instagram.com/victoriabeckham   Rebecca Minkoff: The designer is known for her covetable line of accessories, shoes and bags. Her Instagram account gives a day-to-day update of her boho-chic handbags, glamourous accessories and cool street-style photographs. Photograph: www.instagram.com/rebeccaminkoff   Clare Waight Keller: Her Instagram account is the embodiment of the true Chloé girl—a free-sprited traveler with a generous sprinkling of romanticism. Follow her as she travels around the world and posts exclusive Chloé updates. Photograph: www.instagram.com/ clarewaightkeller From summer weddings to glorious soirees under the stars, our wardrobes are sorted thanks to these brand new collections.  The Udaipur Collection, Sabyasachi We can’t seem to get enough of the designer’s summer couture collection for 2017 that has just been launched exclusively on Instagram.  “Rajasthan has always been a very potent inspiration for the brand. Royal heritage, colours and crafts and the history of the land itself has fascinated me for the longest time,” says the designer about his latest line. The pastel lehengas and saris have been rendered in fine muslins, silks, organzas and khadi and feature exquisite zardozi, naqashi and tilla work as well as European flora and fauna prints. We’ve just got to get our hands on these regal beauties.   The Denim Collection, Masaba  We’ve been waiting for this line to be launched from the time we caught a glimpse of it on Sonam Kapoor about a month ago (remember the glorious denim sari?). The designer’s first denim line turns the idea of denim on the head by refashioning the ubiquitous fabric into relaxed jackets, button down skirts, feminine blouses, oversized trousers and saris decorated with playful polka dots and flashes of pink and silver foil.   Back to basics, Payal Khandwala  The designer celebrates five years of her eponymous label with the launch of her spring/summer collection featuring a rose motif at its centre. The collection comprises signature layered separates in linens, cottons and light silks in a refreshing palette of coffee, crimson, citrus, indigo, leaf green, black and white. From summer weddings to glorious soirees under the stars, our wardrobes are sorted thanks to these brand new collections.  The Udaipur Collection, Sabyasachi We can’t seem to get enough of the designer’s summer couture collection for 2017 that has just been launched exclusively on Instagram.  “Rajasthan has always been a very potent inspiration for the brand. Royal heritage, colours and crafts and the history of the land itself has fascinated me for the longest time,” says the designer about his latest line. The pastel lehengas and saris have been rendered in fine muslins, silks, organzas and khadi and feature exquisite zardozi, naqashi and tilla work as well as European flora and fauna prints. We’ve just got to get our hands on these regal beauties.   The Denim Collection, Masaba  We’ve been waiting for this line to be launched from the time we caught a glimpse of it on Sonam Kapoor about a month ago (remember the glorious denim sari?). The designer’s first denim line turns the idea of denim on the head by refashioning the ubiquitous fabric into relaxed jackets, button down skirts, feminine blouses, oversized trousers and saris decorated with playful polka dots and flashes of pink and silver foil.   Back to basics, Payal Khandwala  The designer celebrates five years of her eponymous label with the launch of her spring/summer collection featuring a rose motif at its centre. The collection comprises signature layered separates in linens, cottons and light silks in a refreshing palette of coffee, crimson, citrus, indigo, leaf green, black and white. From summer weddings to glorious soirees under the stars, our wardrobes are sorted thanks to these brand new collections.  The Udaipur Collection, Sabyasachi We can’t seem to get enough of the designer’s summer couture collection for 2017 that has just been launched exclusively on Instagram.  “Rajasthan has always been a very potent inspiration for the brand. Royal heritage, colours and crafts and the history of the land itself has fascinated me for the longest time,” says the designer about his latest line. The pastel lehengas and saris have been rendered in fine muslins, silks, organzas and khadi and feature exquisite zardozi, naqashi and tilla work as well as European flora and fauna prints. We’ve just got to get our hands on these regal beauties.   The Denim Collection, Masaba  We’ve been waiting for this line to be launched from the time we caught a glimpse of it on Sonam Kapoor about a month ago (remember the glorious denim sari?). The designer’s first denim line turns the idea of denim on the head by refashioning the ubiquitous fabric into relaxed jackets, button down skirts, feminine blouses, oversized trousers and saris decorated with playful polka dots and flashes of pink and silver foil.   Back to basics, Payal Khandwala  The designer celebrates five years of her eponymous label with the launch of her spring/summer collection featuring a rose motif at its centre. The collection comprises signature layered separates in linens, cottons and light silks in a refreshing palette of coffee, crimson, citrus, indigo, leaf green, black and white. The opening show of Lakme Fashion Week Summer Resort 2017 was hosted on an international cruise ship Costa neoClassica and it was a pleaser to many! Also, the grand opening show by Monisha Jaising wasn't disappointing at all. The showstopper - Sonakshi Sinha made a head-turning entry in a burst of orange. Sonakshi looked radiant in the one shoulder asymmetrical dress, which also had a dramatic trail. The collection is said to be inspired by the Arabian Sea. The clothes were a mix of billowing silhouettes, couture, and all the summer hues.    (All images: PTI) The opening show of Lakme Fashion Week Summer Resort 2017 was hosted on an international cruise ship Costa neoClassica and it was a pleaser to many! Also, the grand opening show by Monisha Jaising wasn't disappointing at all. The showstopper - Sonakshi Sinha made a head-turning entry in a burst of orange. Sonakshi looked radiant in the one shoulder asymmetrical dress, which also had a dramatic trail. The collection is said to be inspired by the Arabian Sea. The clothes were a mix of billowing silhouettes, couture, and all the summer hues.    (All images: PTI) The opening show of Lakme Fashion Week Summer Resort 2017 was hosted on an international cruise ship Costa neoClassica and it was a pleaser to many! Also, the grand opening show by Monisha Jaising wasn't disappointing at all. The showstopper - Sonakshi Sinha made a head-turning entry in a burst of orange. Sonakshi looked radiant in the one shoulder asymmetrical dress, which also had a dramatic trail. The collection is said to be inspired by the Arabian Sea. The clothes were a mix of billowing silhouettes, couture, and all the summer hues.    (All images: PTI) One of the most definitive trends for fall is the return of shine on the runways. As designers get nostalgic for the flamboyant ’80s, sequins go gangsta and shiny vinyl finds its way back into our closet. This season sparkle comes imbued with a street sensibility as the more-is-more mantra from our favourite decade clashes with athleisure’s fluid dynamism. Cue the season’s sharpest plissé skirts teamed with a pair of equally luxe sneakers. Designers drummed up a host of options that make an easy transition from the cubicle to the dance floor. We’re looking to Michael Kors’ slashed sequinned mini dresses and Phoebe Philo’s egg-shaped lurex pullovers at Céline for inspiration. “I like bare legs in winter; I like night for day. I like Alexa Chung mixing with Nan Kempner. It’s about the interesting mix,” said Kors in an interview post his show. At Kenzo, Humberto Leon and Carol Lim sent out a line of vinyl dresses and skirts, foil-print trousers and oversized metallic jackets. Isabel Marant flirted with vinyl too in retro styles, adding animal prints and plaid to the mix. “It really goes back to when I would sneak out, aged 15, to punk clubs like Le Palace and Les Bains Douches,” said the Parisian designer. Between Marc Jacobs’ subversive separates at NYFW and Rajesh Pratap Singh’s gilded army closer home, the message is loud and clear—street glamour is here to stay. Designer Sanchita Ajjampur’s futuristic mash of foil, mesh and paillettes, and Gaurav Jai Gupta’s street-style spin on metallic handlooms, further confirm the mood of the times. It’s evident that fashion is making no bones about its Ziggy Stardust-meets-Beyoncé philosophy, and the pop culture influencers are lapping it up. Historically, the first image that comes to mind in this category is that of  ’60s fashion icon and rocker Keith Richards’s then girlfriend Anita Pallenberg who took to the Cannes red carpet in a lurex jumper. Leave it to the Kardashian-Jenner clan to reinvent Pallenberg’s louche luxe uniform as they elevate street style basics like sweatshirts, lace-up boots and trackpants. Kendall Jenner even brought back the chainmail dress from the ’90s. Closer home Alia Bhatt is having a go with unexpected pairings like a camo shirt and a plissé skirt, offering us a fresh take on the trend.      Which brings us to the question of how to do it right. Archana Walavalkar, celebrity stylist and co-founder Stylecracker, says that styling is everything here. “It’s important to blend the look seamlessly, not letting the shiny piece acquire hero status at any point.” It’s a good idea to stock up on basics like hologram sweatshirts, sequinned numbered tees, slip dresses with a glamorous sheen, and metallic denims. If you’re shine-shy, begin with a statement accessory. Let the gleaming heels from Demna Gvasalia’s debut at Balenciaga or Fendi’s festive-edition gold totes give you some ideas. “Go casual with jeans and a tee teamed with embellished sandals. This is easier to pull off if you don’t quite dare to go all guns blazing,” says Ajjampur. Fine jewellery is also following suit by putting a casual spin to sparkle. Case in point: Nirav Modi’s Embrace range of diamond bangles, which stretch like a dream, offer a snug fit and are best worn with denims and a boyfriend shirt. The writing’s on the wall: Whatever your glittery vice may be, it’s time to wear it on your sleeve.   One of the most definitive trends for fall is the return of shine on the runways. As designers get nostalgic for the flamboyant ’80s, sequins go gangsta and shiny vinyl finds its way back into our closet. This season sparkle comes imbued with a street sensibility as the more-is-more mantra from our favourite decade clashes with athleisure’s fluid dynamism. Cue the season’s sharpest plissé skirts teamed with a pair of equally luxe sneakers. Designers drummed up a host of options that make an easy transition from the cubicle to the dance floor. We’re looking to Michael Kors’ slashed sequinned mini dresses and Phoebe Philo’s egg-shaped lurex pullovers at Céline for inspiration. “I like bare legs in winter; I like night for day. I like Alexa Chung mixing with Nan Kempner. It’s about the interesting mix,” said Kors in an interview post his show. At Kenzo, Humberto Leon and Carol Lim sent out a line of vinyl dresses and skirts, foil-print trousers and oversized metallic jackets. Isabel Marant flirted with vinyl too in retro styles, adding animal prints and plaid to the mix. “It really goes back to when I would sneak out, aged 15, to punk clubs like Le Palace and Les Bains Douches,” said the Parisian designer. Between Marc Jacobs’ subversive separates at NYFW and Rajesh Pratap Singh’s gilded army closer home, the message is loud and clear—street glamour is here to stay. Designer Sanchita Ajjampur’s futuristic mash of foil, mesh and paillettes, and Gaurav Jai Gupta’s street-style spin on metallic handlooms, further confirm the mood of the times. It’s evident that fashion is making no bones about its Ziggy Stardust-meets-Beyoncé philosophy, and the pop culture influencers are lapping it up. Historically, the first image that comes to mind in this category is that of  ’60s fashion icon and rocker Keith Richards’s then girlfriend Anita Pallenberg who took to the Cannes red carpet in a lurex jumper. Leave it to the Kardashian-Jenner clan to reinvent Pallenberg’s louche luxe uniform as they elevate street style basics like sweatshirts, lace-up boots and trackpants. Kendall Jenner even brought back the chainmail dress from the ’90s. Closer home Alia Bhatt is having a go with unexpected pairings like a camo shirt and a plissé skirt, offering us a fresh take on the trend.      Which brings us to the question of how to do it right. Archana Walavalkar, celebrity stylist and co-founder Stylecracker, says that styling is everything here. “It’s important to blend the look seamlessly, not letting the shiny piece acquire hero status at any point.” It’s a good idea to stock up on basics like hologram sweatshirts, sequinned numbered tees, slip dresses with a glamorous sheen, and metallic denims. If you’re shine-shy, begin with a statement accessory. Let the gleaming heels from Demna Gvasalia’s debut at Balenciaga or Fendi’s festive-edition gold totes give you some ideas. “Go casual with jeans and a tee teamed with embellished sandals. This is easier to pull off if you don’t quite dare to go all guns blazing,” says Ajjampur. Fine jewellery is also following suit by putting a casual spin to sparkle. Case in point: Nirav Modi’s Embrace range of diamond bangles, which stretch like a dream, offer a snug fit and are best worn with denims and a boyfriend shirt. The writing’s on the wall: Whatever your glittery vice may be, it’s time to wear it on your sleeve.   One of the most definitive trends for fall is the return of shine on the runways. As designers get nostalgic for the flamboyant ’80s, sequins go gangsta and shiny vinyl finds its way back into our closet. This season sparkle comes imbued with a street sensibility as the more-is-more mantra from our favourite decade clashes with athleisure’s fluid dynamism. Cue the season’s sharpest plissé skirts teamed with a pair of equally luxe sneakers. Designers drummed up a host of options that make an easy transition from the cubicle to the dance floor. We’re looking to Michael Kors’ slashed sequinned mini dresses and Phoebe Philo’s egg-shaped lurex pullovers at Céline for inspiration. “I like bare legs in winter; I like night for day. I like Alexa Chung mixing with Nan Kempner. It’s about the interesting mix,” said Kors in an interview post his show. At Kenzo, Humberto Leon and Carol Lim sent out a line of vinyl dresses and skirts, foil-print trousers and oversized metallic jackets. Isabel Marant flirted with vinyl too in retro styles, adding animal prints and plaid to the mix. “It really goes back to when I would sneak out, aged 15, to punk clubs like Le Palace and Les Bains Douches,” said the Parisian designer. Between Marc Jacobs’ subversive separates at NYFW and Rajesh Pratap Singh’s gilded army closer home, the message is loud and clear—street glamour is here to stay. Designer Sanchita Ajjampur’s futuristic mash of foil, mesh and paillettes, and Gaurav Jai Gupta’s street-style spin on metallic handlooms, further confirm the mood of the times. It’s evident that fashion is making no bones about its Ziggy Stardust-meets-Beyoncé philosophy, and the pop culture influencers are lapping it up. Historically, the first image that comes to mind in this category is that of  ’60s fashion icon and rocker Keith Richards’s then girlfriend Anita Pallenberg who took to the Cannes red carpet in a lurex jumper. Leave it to the Kardashian-Jenner clan to reinvent Pallenberg’s louche luxe uniform as they elevate street style basics like sweatshirts, lace-up boots and trackpants. Kendall Jenner even brought back the chainmail dress from the ’90s. Closer home Alia Bhatt is having a go with unexpected pairings like a camo shirt and a plissé skirt, offering us a fresh take on the trend.      Which brings us to the question of how to do it right. Archana Walavalkar, celebrity stylist and co-founder Stylecracker, says that styling is everything here. “It’s important to blend the look seamlessly, not letting the shiny piece acquire hero status at any point.” It’s a good idea to stock up on basics like hologram sweatshirts, sequinned numbered tees, slip dresses with a glamorous sheen, and metallic denims. If you’re shine-shy, begin with a statement accessory. Let the gleaming heels from Demna Gvasalia’s debut at Balenciaga or Fendi’s festive-edition gold totes give you some ideas. “Go casual with jeans and a tee teamed with embellished sandals. This is easier to pull off if you don’t quite dare to go all guns blazing,” says Ajjampur. Fine jewellery is also following suit by putting a casual spin to sparkle. Case in point: Nirav Modi’s Embrace range of diamond bangles, which stretch like a dream, offer a snug fit and are best worn with denims and a boyfriend shirt. The writing’s on the wall: Whatever your glittery vice may be, it’s time to wear it on your sleeve.   Wendell Rodricks is a man credited with many firsts. At a time when Indian fashion was all about opulence and grandeur, he introduced the idea of minimalism. He was one of the few Indian designers to bring eco-friendly textiles to the forefront and also pioneered resortwear in India. To commemorate his contributions to the fashion industry, Rodricks was awarded the Padma Shri title in 2014. While contemporaries are predictably passing on their legacies and labels to family members, the designer has entrusted it into the hands of young prodigy Schulen Fernandes. And he did it in his inimitable style, bang in the middle of the runway at his label's fall/winter showing at the 2016 Lakmé Fashion Week (LFW). In a fun, free-wheeling chat, Rodricks and Fernandes tell us about what's in store for the legendary label.Wendell, after holding the reins for 28 years, you've decided to hand them over to Schulen. Schulen, how did he break it to you and what was your reaction?Wendell Rodricks: I always wanted the label to go to somebody I trusted. Schulen came to me straight from college and she has been with me for four years. She had already started taking a lot of creative decisions for the label. For instance, last season we did the Indica Emporia presentation at LFW with vintage Indian garments. It was completely her vision and work from start to end. I wanted to slowly take the backseat with this label so that I could make time for my other passions. I felt the time was just right for her to take the label and fly with it.Schulen Fernandes: It obviously didn't happen out of the blue. The handover was always on the cards and it took two years of work laying the foundation. However, when the actual moment arrived, it was hard to believe. How are your roles divided in the new scheme of things?WR: I’d like to think of myself as a benevolent dictator (laughs). On a serious note, Schulen has complete freedom to realise her creative vision at the label now and I am happy to have her take over.SF: Wendell will obviously be the mentor. My work will now involve everything from conceptualising collections to actually bringing it to life. I am also excited about the business end of it and we have a competent team to help us on that front.Schulen, tell us a little bit about your debut collection, Trapezoid, for the Wendell Rodricks label presented at LFW. And, Wendell, what did you think of it?SF: I have always loved architecture and geometry. The trapezoid form has been used in architecture from ancient times and it is so versatile. We decided to explore it in fashion with this collection. We used a mix of structured shapes and fluid fabrics working with paper silks, chanderis and a lot of eco-friendly materials. WR: I was really surprised when Schulen came up with the idea. It is a form that I've seen in Inca and Aztec architecture and in our temple gopurams. The Indian woman's body which is narrow at the shoulders and wide at the hips also follows the trapezoid form. This was particularly relevant because for the first time we introduced a size chart specific to the Indian woman at LFW this season. I felt really proud watching the show. The biggest compliment to me and to Schulen was when people told us it (the collection) looked like Wendell Rodricks. When a new creative leader takes charge at a fashion house, change is afoot—what can we expect from the label?WR: I've always focussed on high-end fashion and have never been able to cater to the mid-range. I hope Schulen will be able to expand the reach of this label to more people the way my colleague Anita Dongre has done very successfully. I also want her to take risks with the label and be more experimental.SF: We will definitely retain the minimalistic language and eco-friendly DNA of the label as we move forward. I would like to introduce newer, younger silhouettes and experiment heavily with materials. What lies ahead for both of you? Wendell, do you miss being behind the wheel? Schulen, are you at all daunted?WR: I don’t miss being behind the wheel at all. I can finally dedicate time to things that I’ve been waiting to do. The work on the museum is underway (Rodricks is turning his Goa home into a space dedicated to Goan costumes). The dogs are taking it well but my three cats are giving me grief about the move! I would like to write a lot more. My next book Poskem is about Goa. I hope I’ll be able to turn it into a movie like Chetan Bhagat (laughs). I’d like to teach a lot more too.SF: I am excited about what lies ahead and loving every minute of my new job. Going forward we’ll be extending the brand to include luxury lifestyle segments too.Photographs: Gary Taylor, Vinay Javkar/Lakmé Fashion Week winter/festive 2016 Wendell Rodricks is a man credited with many firsts. At a time when Indian fashion was all about opulence and grandeur, he introduced the idea of minimalism. He was one of the few Indian designers to bring eco-friendly textiles to the forefront and also pioneered resortwear in India. To commemorate his contributions to the fashion industry, Rodricks was awarded the Padma Shri title in 2014. While contemporaries are predictably passing on their legacies and labels to family members, the designer has entrusted it into the hands of young prodigy Schulen Fernandes. And he did it in his inimitable style, bang in the middle of the runway at his label's fall/winter showing at the 2016 Lakmé Fashion Week (LFW). In a fun, free-wheeling chat, Rodricks and Fernandes tell us about what's in store for the legendary label.Wendell, after holding the reins for 28 years, you've decided to hand them over to Schulen. Schulen, how did he break it to you and what was your reaction?Wendell Rodricks: I always wanted the label to go to somebody I trusted. Schulen came to me straight from college and she has been with me for four years. She had already started taking a lot of creative decisions for the label. For instance, last season we did the Indica Emporia presentation at LFW with vintage Indian garments. It was completely her vision and work from start to end. I wanted to slowly take the backseat with this label so that I could make time for my other passions. I felt the time was just right for her to take the label and fly with it.Schulen Fernandes: It obviously didn't happen out of the blue. The handover was always on the cards and it took two years of work laying the foundation. However, when the actual moment arrived, it was hard to believe. How are your roles divided in the new scheme of things?WR: I’d like to think of myself as a benevolent dictator (laughs). On a serious note, Schulen has complete freedom to realise her creative vision at the label now and I am happy to have her take over.SF: Wendell will obviously be the mentor. My work will now involve everything from conceptualising collections to actually bringing it to life. I am also excited about the business end of it and we have a competent team to help us on that front.Schulen, tell us a little bit about your debut collection, Trapezoid, for the Wendell Rodricks label presented at LFW. And, Wendell, what did you think of it?SF: I have always loved architecture and geometry. The trapezoid form has been used in architecture from ancient times and it is so versatile. We decided to explore it in fashion with this collection. We used a mix of structured shapes and fluid fabrics working with paper silks, chanderis and a lot of eco-friendly materials. WR: I was really surprised when Schulen came up with the idea. It is a form that I've seen in Inca and Aztec architecture and in our temple gopurams. The Indian woman's body which is narrow at the shoulders and wide at the hips also follows the trapezoid form. This was particularly relevant because for the first time we introduced a size chart specific to the Indian woman at LFW this season. I felt really proud watching the show. The biggest compliment to me and to Schulen was when people told us it (the collection) looked like Wendell Rodricks. When a new creative leader takes charge at a fashion house, change is afoot—what can we expect from the label?WR: I've always focussed on high-end fashion and have never been able to cater to the mid-range. I hope Schulen will be able to expand the reach of this label to more people the way my colleague Anita Dongre has done very successfully. I also want her to take risks with the label and be more experimental.SF: We will definitely retain the minimalistic language and eco-friendly DNA of the label as we move forward. I would like to introduce newer, younger silhouettes and experiment heavily with materials. What lies ahead for both of you? Wendell, do you miss being behind the wheel? Schulen, are you at all daunted?WR: I don’t miss being behind the wheel at all. I can finally dedicate time to things that I’ve been waiting to do. The work on the museum is underway (Rodricks is turning his Goa home into a space dedicated to Goan costumes). The dogs are taking it well but my three cats are giving me grief about the move! I would like to write a lot more. My next book Poskem is about Goa. I hope I’ll be able to turn it into a movie like Chetan Bhagat (laughs). I’d like to teach a lot more too.SF: I am excited about what lies ahead and loving every minute of my new job. Going forward we’ll be extending the brand to include luxury lifestyle segments too.Photographs: Gary Taylor, Vinay Javkar/Lakmé Fashion Week winter/festive 2016 Wendell Rodricks is a man credited with many firsts. At a time when Indian fashion was all about opulence and grandeur, he introduced the idea of minimalism. He was one of the few Indian designers to bring eco-friendly textiles to the forefront and also pioneered resortwear in India. To commemorate his contributions to the fashion industry, Rodricks was awarded the Padma Shri title in 2014. While contemporaries are predictably passing on their legacies and labels to family members, the designer has entrusted it into the hands of young prodigy Schulen Fernandes. And he did it in his inimitable style, bang in the middle of the runway at his label's fall/winter showing at the 2016 Lakmé Fashion Week (LFW). In a fun, free-wheeling chat, Rodricks and Fernandes tell us about what's in store for the legendary label.Wendell, after holding the reins for 28 years, you've decided to hand them over to Schulen. Schulen, how did he break it to you and what was your reaction?Wendell Rodricks: I always wanted the label to go to somebody I trusted. Schulen came to me straight from college and she has been with me for four years. She had already started taking a lot of creative decisions for the label. For instance, last season we did the Indica Emporia presentation at LFW with vintage Indian garments. It was completely her vision and work from start to end. I wanted to slowly take the backseat with this label so that I could make time for my other passions. I felt the time was just right for her to take the label and fly with it.Schulen Fernandes: It obviously didn't happen out of the blue. The handover was always on the cards and it took two years of work laying the foundation. However, when the actual moment arrived, it was hard to believe. How are your roles divided in the new scheme of things?WR: I’d like to think of myself as a benevolent dictator (laughs). On a serious note, Schulen has complete freedom to realise her creative vision at the label now and I am happy to have her take over.SF: Wendell will obviously be the mentor. My work will now involve everything from conceptualising collections to actually bringing it to life. I am also excited about the business end of it and we have a competent team to help us on that front.Schulen, tell us a little bit about your debut collection, Trapezoid, for the Wendell Rodricks label presented at LFW. And, Wendell, what did you think of it?SF: I have always loved architecture and geometry. The trapezoid form has been used in architecture from ancient times and it is so versatile. We decided to explore it in fashion with this collection. We used a mix of structured shapes and fluid fabrics working with paper silks, chanderis and a lot of eco-friendly materials. WR: I was really surprised when Schulen came up with the idea. It is a form that I've seen in Inca and Aztec architecture and in our temple gopurams. The Indian woman's body which is narrow at the shoulders and wide at the hips also follows the trapezoid form. This was particularly relevant because for the first time we introduced a size chart specific to the Indian woman at LFW this season. I felt really proud watching the show. The biggest compliment to me and to Schulen was when people told us it (the collection) looked like Wendell Rodricks. When a new creative leader takes charge at a fashion house, change is afoot—what can we expect from the label?WR: I've always focussed on high-end fashion and have never been able to cater to the mid-range. I hope Schulen will be able to expand the reach of this label to more people the way my colleague Anita Dongre has done very successfully. I also want her to take risks with the label and be more experimental.SF: We will definitely retain the minimalistic language and eco-friendly DNA of the label as we move forward. I would like to introduce newer, younger silhouettes and experiment heavily with materials. What lies ahead for both of you? Wendell, do you miss being behind the wheel? Schulen, are you at all daunted?WR: I don’t miss being behind the wheel at all. I can finally dedicate time to things that I’ve been waiting to do. The work on the museum is underway (Rodricks is turning his Goa home into a space dedicated to Goan costumes). The dogs are taking it well but my three cats are giving me grief about the move! I would like to write a lot more. My next book Poskem is about Goa. I hope I’ll be able to turn it into a movie like Chetan Bhagat (laughs). I’d like to teach a lot more too.SF: I am excited about what lies ahead and loving every minute of my new job. Going forward we’ll be extending the brand to include luxury lifestyle segments too.Photographs: Gary Taylor, Vinay Javkar/Lakmé Fashion Week winter/festive 2016 Back when Julia Roberts wore them with a neon bodysuit and mussed curls in Pretty Woman, it was thought to be risqué. But at the moment, thigh-high boots are everywhere from red carpets to shopping sprees, and both our desi celebs and Hollywood stars are sporting them with equal aplomb. Feel like getting one for yourself but not sure about how to wear them? We spoke to stylists and designers and got you five different ways in which you can wear thigh-high boots and also look classy. With skinnies and shirts/tops: Like Sonam Kapoor is wearing here. The actress is seen in a pair of Maison Martin Margiela boots with a cape jacket from Rishta by Arjun Saluja and a long black top. This is the most obvious choice. If you tone down on accessories, you can pass off the look for a casual evening dinner. Or else, pair them with peasant tops and denims for a chic, cowboy vibe. “The boots go very well with skinny jeans. You can couple them with a great coat or jacket,” says designer Salim Asgarally. With a shirt dress: Katrina Kaif wore them with a monochrome striped shirt dress from McQ by Alexander McQueen. A pair of shorts, belts (to add some structure) and hair kept open gave her a breezy, casual look, keeping the focus on the boots. With LBDs: Like Molly King. She wore a tiny LBD with a plunging neckline and thigh-high boots at a bash. “Over-the-knee boots look really nice if you show some skin,” says stylist Aaditya Walia. This is the perfect party look. Go easy on the makeup though and add a sequinned clutch. With just a long tee: Deepika Padukone wore her thigh-high boots with a black ripped vest top from Deme by Gabriella and threw on a metallic silver jacket. You can convert this to a day look by wearing a more subtle jacket. With a trench: Like Kim Kardashian. She dressed in Balenciaga from head to toe at the Paris Fashion Week in a belted trench and a pair of bondage style leather boots. Wear it with a choker and add a cami inside if you are not comfortable with showing so much skin.Photographs: Instagram/Shaleen Nathani; Getty Images Back when Julia Roberts wore them with a neon bodysuit and mussed curls in Pretty Woman, it was thought to be risqué. But at the moment, thigh-high boots are everywhere from red carpets to shopping sprees, and both our desi celebs and Hollywood stars are sporting them with equal aplomb. Feel like getting one for yourself but not sure about how to wear them? We spoke to stylists and designers and got you five different ways in which you can wear thigh-high boots and also look classy. With skinnies and shirts/tops: Like Sonam Kapoor is wearing here. The actress is seen in a pair of Maison Martin Margiela boots with a cape jacket from Rishta by Arjun Saluja and a long black top. This is the most obvious choice. If you tone down on accessories, you can pass off the look for a casual evening dinner. Or else, pair them with peasant tops and denims for a chic, cowboy vibe. “The boots go very well with skinny jeans. You can couple them with a great coat or jacket,” says designer Salim Asgarally. With a shirt dress: Katrina Kaif wore them with a monochrome striped shirt dress from McQ by Alexander McQueen. A pair of shorts, belts (to add some structure) and hair kept open gave her a breezy, casual look, keeping the focus on the boots. With LBDs: Like Molly King. She wore a tiny LBD with a plunging neckline and thigh-high boots at a bash. “Over-the-knee boots look really nice if you show some skin,” says stylist Aaditya Walia. This is the perfect party look. Go easy on the makeup though and add a sequinned clutch. With just a long tee: Deepika Padukone wore her thigh-high boots with a black ripped vest top from Deme by Gabriella and threw on a metallic silver jacket. You can convert this to a day look by wearing a more subtle jacket. With a trench: Like Kim Kardashian. She dressed in Balenciaga from head to toe at the Paris Fashion Week in a belted trench and a pair of bondage style leather boots. Wear it with a choker and add a cami inside if you are not comfortable with showing so much skin.Photographs: Instagram/Shaleen Nathani; Getty Images Back when Julia Roberts wore them with a neon bodysuit and mussed curls in Pretty Woman, it was thought to be risqué. But at the moment, thigh-high boots are everywhere from red carpets to shopping sprees, and both our desi celebs and Hollywood stars are sporting them with equal aplomb. Feel like getting one for yourself but not sure about how to wear them? We spoke to stylists and designers and got you five different ways in which you can wear thigh-high boots and also look classy. With skinnies and shirts/tops: Like Sonam Kapoor is wearing here. The actress is seen in a pair of Maison Martin Margiela boots with a cape jacket from Rishta by Arjun Saluja and a long black top. This is the most obvious choice. If you tone down on accessories, you can pass off the look for a casual evening dinner. Or else, pair them with peasant tops and denims for a chic, cowboy vibe. “The boots go very well with skinny jeans. You can couple them with a great coat or jacket,” says designer Salim Asgarally. With a shirt dress: Katrina Kaif wore them with a monochrome striped shirt dress from McQ by Alexander McQueen. A pair of shorts, belts (to add some structure) and hair kept open gave her a breezy, casual look, keeping the focus on the boots. With LBDs: Like Molly King. She wore a tiny LBD with a plunging neckline and thigh-high boots at a bash. “Over-the-knee boots look really nice if you show some skin,” says stylist Aaditya Walia. This is the perfect party look. Go easy on the makeup though and add a sequinned clutch. With just a long tee: Deepika Padukone wore her thigh-high boots with a black ripped vest top from Deme by Gabriella and threw on a metallic silver jacket. You can convert this to a day look by wearing a more subtle jacket. With a trench: Like Kim Kardashian. She dressed in Balenciaga from head to toe at the Paris Fashion Week in a belted trench and a pair of bondage style leather boots. Wear it with a choker and add a cami inside if you are not comfortable with showing so much skin.Photographs: Instagram/Shaleen Nathani; Getty Images The biggest fashion extravaganza of the country entered its day 2 with great aplomb. Here's a look at some of the highlights of the day. Ashish N Soni: The designer looked back at the 25 glorious years he's spent in the industry at this year's AIFW. His collection focused on a subdued colour palette, with the collection predominantly in shades of black and white, the designer followed a largely monochrome look. Grey was also one of the key shades that featured in the collection. The cherry on the cake was polo player Samir Suhag, who stopped the show for the designer. Rajesh Pratap Singh:In sync with Ashish N Soni's collection, with whom he shared the stage, Rajesh Pratap Singh went the monochrome way using a lot of patterns like checks, polka dots and stripes in his asymmetrical collection. Anavila: Anavila brought the sari brigade back to the ramp and she did it so gracefully! White being the most predominant shade, clubbed with kolhapuris and stylish top blouses, the collection was one of the best showcased on Day 2 of AIFW. Virtues by Viral, Ashish and Vikrant: Singer Sona Mohapatra turned muse for the designer trio, as she sashayed down the ramp humming the lines of her biggest hits. Sona donned a bright orange layered pleated dress made of natural dye. The biggest fashion extravaganza of the country entered its day 2 with great aplomb. Here's a look at some of the highlights of the day. Ashish N Soni: The designer looked back at the 25 glorious years he's spent in the industry at this year's AIFW. His collection focused on a subdued colour palette, with the collection predominantly in shades of black and white, the designer followed a largely monochrome look. Grey was also one of the key shades that featured in the collection. The cherry on the cake was polo player Samir Suhag, who stopped the show for the designer. Rajesh Pratap Singh:In sync with Ashish N Soni's collection, with whom he shared the stage, Rajesh Pratap Singh went the monochrome way using a lot of patterns like checks, polka dots and stripes in his asymmetrical collection. Anavila: Anavila brought the sari brigade back to the ramp and she did it so gracefully! White being the most predominant shade, clubbed with kolhapuris and stylish top blouses, the collection was one of the best showcased on Day 2 of AIFW. Virtues by Viral, Ashish and Vikrant: Singer Sona Mohapatra turned muse for the designer trio, as she sashayed down the ramp humming the lines of her biggest hits. Sona donned a bright orange layered pleated dress made of natural dye. The biggest fashion extravaganza of the country entered its day 2 with great aplomb. Here's a look at some of the highlights of the day. Ashish N Soni: The designer looked back at the 25 glorious years he's spent in the industry at this year's AIFW. His collection focused on a subdued colour palette, with the collection predominantly in shades of black and white, the designer followed a largely monochrome look. Grey was also one of the key shades that featured in the collection. The cherry on the cake was polo player Samir Suhag, who stopped the show for the designer. Rajesh Pratap Singh:In sync with Ashish N Soni's collection, with whom he shared the stage, Rajesh Pratap Singh went the monochrome way using a lot of patterns like checks, polka dots and stripes in his asymmetrical collection. Anavila: Anavila brought the sari brigade back to the ramp and she did it so gracefully! White being the most predominant shade, clubbed with kolhapuris and stylish top blouses, the collection was one of the best showcased on Day 2 of AIFW. Virtues by Viral, Ashish and Vikrant: Singer Sona Mohapatra turned muse for the designer trio, as she sashayed down the ramp humming the lines of her biggest hits. Sona donned a bright orange layered pleated dress made of natural dye. Airport style has recently gained momentum, thanks to the growing paparazzi culture. Every celebrity has a distinctive travel style, but there’s a common love shared for the closet staple kurta. Instead of flexing their sartorial muscles in high-end, street-style brands, the leading ladies have chosen the simple kurta as their favourite. Of course, they amp it up with their Hermès Birkin and Gucci sunglasses, but the dainty kurta sets still takes the centre stage. While Deepika Padukone prefers her kurtas to be form-fitted in bright, jewel tones, Kareena Kapoor is a fan of over-sized kurtas in neutral shades. Scroll down for our edit of all the celebrity-approved kurtas you can incorporate in your travel style.  Kareena Kapoor Khan Setting unconventional fashion norms comes naturally to Kareena Kapoor Khan. Case in point, seen here in an olive-green kurta set, teamed with a leather jacket and a pair of trendy kicks, a look only she can pull.For another run to the airport, this time with her family, Kareena Kapoor Khan chose a mustard yellow kurta teamed with off-white flared pants, and tiny round sunglasses.  Deepika Padukone Deepika Padukone was recently seen at the airport in a fuchsia pink, embroidered kurta set by Lajjoo C. The actor styled her traditional ensemble with a pair of juttis and an ox-blood coloured bag.  Sara Ali Khan Sara Ali Khan’s choice of kurta set is an all-white ensemble with multi-coloured stripe detail. If a plain white kurta to the airport is too simple for you, try this upgraded version. Kangana Rananut A true advocate of all things classic, Kangana Rananut’s traditional style at the airport is understated and elegant. Pictured here in a muted beige, minimally embroidered kurta set, teamed with a nude bag and statement sunglasses.					Fall trends are officially making their way to your wardrobe! If you’re a fan of all things sassy, you’re going to love the idea of wearing your pantsuit with a bralette. Power suit, but make it sexy. Give your boardroom style a feminine touch by teaming it a dainty bralette, just like these leading actors did. While Katrina Kaif layered her embellished pantsuit on a delicate lace bra, Sonakshi Sinha and Jacqueline Fernandez opted for monotone pantsuits and bralette combinations. Putting their envy-inducing abs on display. Scroll down to find all the different ways in which the celebrities have styled their pantsuits with a sleek bralette. Bhumi PednekarBhumi Pednekar styled her shimmering, sequined suit with a barely-there embellished bra. Making a solid case for balanced opulent dressing. Ileana D’CruzIleana D’Cruz teamed her powder pink pantsuit with a textured bra, breaking the monotony of a plain old suit. Jacqueline FernandezJacqueline Fernandez chose a sunshine yellow suit and bralette, all in the same hue. Giving a lesson on how to work this trend in monotone. Sonakshi SinhaSonakshi Sinha gave her checkered suit a modern spin by layering it over a solid coloured bralette instead of a regular shirt.Sonakshi Sinha put her rock-solid abs on display in this over-sized, powder blue pantsuit, which she styled with a sports bra in a twin shade. Demonstrated the sporty-chic way of wearing the pantsuit with a bralette trend. Katrina KaifKatrina Kaif wore her silver, sequined pantsuit with a lacey bra, showcasing how to work two contrasting elements in the same ensemble.					Colour blocking is a versatile trend that is no longer restricted to just mixing two colours in an outfit. You can colour-block your look by teaming separates in two different hues or by teaming a singular-toned outfit with a contrasting coloured accessory or shoes. Bring out some bold hues and style them together like Alia Bhatt did; or break the monotony of solid black outfit with a dash of colour like Kareena Kapoor Khan. For those who aren’t a fan of busy prints and multiple elements, this trend is a perfect pick. Here’s our edit of all the celebrity-approved ways to flaunt the colour-block trend in style  Kareena Kapoor KhanEver thought two bright tones cannot work together? Take a cue from Kareena Kapoor Khan. The actor styled her aqua-blue bodysuit with a neon green, sequined, pencil skirt. Neutralising the look further with a pair of transparent, strappy heel.  Kriti SanonKriti Sanon effortlessly worked this form-fitting colour-blocked gown. She kept the rest of her look minimal with a pair of dainty, hoop earrings, and centre-parted hair.  Aditi Rao Hydari Aditi Rao Hydari demonstrated a distinctive of wearing the power suit. She opted for an ox-blood and burnt orange asymmetrical pantsuit, which she styled with a traditional choker.  Tara SutariTara Sutaria broke the monotony of her black and white outfit by teaming it with a bright neon skirt, another way of working the colour-block trend.  Athiya ShettyAthiya Shetty opted for a contrasting gown in lime green and beige, working two contradicting hues in the same outfit.  Alia BhattInstead of infusing multiple colours in the same outfit, Alia Bhatt chose contrasting separates in two bright hues, an innovative way of sporting the colour-block trend.					There are risqué trends, and then there is the cut-out dress trend. The peek-a-boo skin-show moment has an understated appeal to it. There are multiple ways in which you can wear the cut-out dress. The geometrical shape can be carved out from the centre, showing your toned midriff or from the sides and the back, accentuating your curves. Recently, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen in a lemon yellow, diamond-shaped, midriff cut-out dress by Dion Lee, at the trailer launch of her movie. The actor teamed the dress with a pair of strappy heels, dainty earrings and hexagon-shaped glasses. You can easily replicate this look at your next Sunday brunch with the girls. Scroll down to view all the celebrity-approved ways of wearing a cut-out dress.  Nushrat Bharucha Nushrat Bharucha styled this metallic, side cut-out dress by Rohit Gandhi and Rahul Khanna with a pair of high heels and pushed-back sleek hair. A party look you can easily imitate.  Janhvi KapoorJanhvi Kapoor raised the heat in this multiple cut-out, asymmetrical Basil Soda gown. The young actor complemented the ensemble with a pair of statement Sophie Webster heels and a stark red mouth. Pooja HegdePooja Hegde broke the solid colour monotony of this bright-coloured yellow dress with a pair of aqua-hued earrings. A smart styling hack you can incorporate in your next look.  Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor effortlessly worked the monochromatic, sequined, side cut-out dress by Prabal Gurung. The actor kept the rest of her look simple with a sleek ponytail, drop earrings and a hint of glitter on the lids. If less is more is your vibe, this look is tailor-made for you. Kiara AdvaniKiara Advani looked like a vision in this double textured, side cut-out dress. If you want to give the sequin and bright colour combination a rest, you can opt for this minimal-chic outfit by Prabal Gurung.					There is a nip in the air and the weather is finally getting pleasant. Although we do not get to enjoy the perks of a full-blown winter just yet, we can still relish the season with an upgraded wardrobe. A fail-safe trend you can bet on is the shirt dress, it’s cosy, comfortable and ultra-stylish. It’s basically a shirt sans the pants, but we’re not complaining.You can style it with a broad belt like Sonakshi Sinha, or wear it oversized like Malaika Arora. Layer it with a blazer and you’re boardroom ready, or team it with thigh-high boots for a night on the town. You can also make it your workwear staple like Meghan Markle who is an official fan of the buttoned-down shirt dress trend. We’ve rounded up a list of celebrity-approved shirt dress looks for you to take style inspiration from. Malaika AroraWant to achieve that laid-back, relaxed, chic look? Take cue from Malaika Arora who styled her oversized grey shirt with a pair of fiery red, ankle-length boots. Pooja HegdePooja Hegde upped her street-style game with this metallic blue, striped shirt, which she styled with a Gucci, belt bag and chained sunglasses. You can imitate this look if you want to give your basic shirt dress an upgrade. Sonam Kapoor AhujaSonam Kapoor Ahuja wore this black and white, Cover Story dress, designed by Karl Lagerfeld and teamed it with a pair of sleek, black boots. Demonstrating how to work this trend the old-school, classic way. Karisma KapoorIf the idea of wearing a plain shirt dress to work sounds mundane to you, layer it with a blazer and a pair of cool sneakers, just like Karisma Kapoor did. Shraddha KapoorInstead of digging deep in your closet to find that perfect party dress, borrow a formal shirt from your boyfriend, team it with a wide, waist-clenching belt and you have a winning look on your hands. Deepika PadukoneIf minimalism isn’t your thing and you’re all about those intricate details, opt for this long, form-flattering, knotted shirt dress by Rajesh Pratap. Ditch the jewellery, like Deepika Padukone, and allow the dress to take the centre stage. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon kept this day look fuss-free in an emerald green, shirt dress by Nupur Kanoi and styled it with a pair of closed-toe heels and geometrical earrings by Azotiique. Kriti KharbandaKriti Kharbanda was seen working the trend in this printed shirt dress and kept the rest of the look clean with just a high top-knot.   The most recurring sari during the festive season was the sequin laden six yards by Manish Malhotra, another innovative rendition of the classic silhouette by the couturier. The shimmer sari has become a go-to sartorial choice for almost every leading lady in Bollywood. The latest addition to the list is Bhumi Pednekar who opted for an off-white sequin sari, and teamed it with a dainty velvet blouse during her movie promotion. While Bhumi went for a classic-chic look, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen sporting a rose-pink sequin sari with a barely-there blouse. Kapoor Khan punctuated the risqué look with a layered diamond necklace and her signature makeup. Here’s our edit of all the versatile ways in which you can work this trend. Bhumi PednekarBhumi Pednekar is all about the less is more formula, seen here in an antique white, sequin sari and blouse, sans the jewellery. Tara Sutaria  The young and vivacious Tara Sutaria stepped out in a smoke grey, sequin sari and blouse combination for the recent Diwali festivities. To do justice to this all-embellished ensemble, Tara swapped heavy statement jewellery for a dainty layered necklace and complemented it with soft and peachy makeup. Natasha PoonawallaThe all-time advocate of all things extra, Natasha Poonawalla pulled all stops with this sage green sequin sari and styled it with an emerald green necklace, suitable for a Maharani. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon’s take on the trend was a little different from her contemporaries. She styled her shimmering sari with a strappy, backless blouse, chandelier earrings, deep smokey eyes and Mogra bearing low bun. Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor in a sequined black sari is a vision to behold. The actress paired her sari with a cutout blouse and kept the rest of her look minimal, keeping the entire focus on the traffic-stopping silhouette.  If you’re looking to elevate your festive wardrobe this season, take inspiration from these leading ladies who have opted for some unusual and gravity-defying blouse styles. From exaggerated shoulders to some risqué cuts with décolletage detail, these statement-making pieces are all you need. Traditional blouses are constantly being reinvented with a modern twist. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja kept it simple with a scarlet blouse, bearing an asymmetrical front opening. Sara Ali Khan opted for a sheer blouse with 3D floral applique. Want to step out of your comfort zone and experiment with your sartorial choices? Fret not, we’ve got you covered. Here’s our edit of all the styles in which you can interpret the unusual blouse trend. Ananya Pandayif you’re all about flaunting your curves, this barely-there, silver embellished blouse by Sabyasachi is perfect for you. Tara SutariaThis aqua blue, corset with an added rib cage detail by Papa don’t preach is the ideal fusion wear. Sara Ali KhanSara Ali Khan doesn’t play by the rule. Case in point – this all-black, power shouldered blouse with a 3D texture she was recently seen in. If you don’t like to keep it subtle, this Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla number is tailor-made for you. Shraddha KapoorShraddha Kapoor redefines elegance in this sage green, peplum blouse by Kresha Bajaj. Kriti SanonTrust Kriti Sanon to effortlessly work this metallic, hot pink, piece-of-art by Amit Aggarwal. Sonam Kapoor AhujaThis red, floral printed Vedika M blouse on Sonam Kapoor Ahuja may look simple to you from the front, but the back detail is where you get your money shot.Another day another Sonam Kapoor Ahuja outfit you bookmark for future reference. The actress styled this Tamil print sari by House of Masaba with an off-shouldered, balloon sleeved blouse. Priyanka Chopra JonasThe original desi girl raising the oomph factor in this printed Sabyasachi bralette, styled with a ruffled sari. Brownie points on keeping it subtle yet sensuous. Aditi Rao HydariKnown as the ethereal princess of Bollywood, Aditi Rao Hydari looked striking in this midnight-blue, semi-sheer, cut-out blouse by Falguni Shane Peacock. Katrina KaifIf there’s anybody who can work this plunging neckline, ruffle sleeved blouse by Manish Malhotra, it’s Katrina Kaif. Konkona SensharmaThe power-house actress has mastered the art of keeping it easy-chic. Seen here in a mandarin collared bubblegum pink blouse, paired with a smoke grey sari designed by Arjun Saluja. Jacqueline FernandezThe glamour goddess looked like a complete head turned in this rose pink, semi-sheer, ruffle sleeved blouse by Falguni Shane Peacock.																		Everything at the 72nd international Cannes film festival is making news since last 10 days, giving the fashion world its freshest lot to go gaga over. If you’re keeping an eye on all things trending, here are some of the latest looks from the French Riviera.   Bedazzling beautyAdriana Lima looks like a vision in this vivid violet haute couture. Teaming thigh-high slit with a halter neck style, and topping it up with matching earrings and lots and lots of shimmer, Lima’s style is on point!  Pink-a-tonLorena Rae features a sultry play of frills with just the right amount of shine in Rami Kadi. Raise a toast!Natasha Poly dressed in this Versace gown is elegance personified. Shades of Champaign meet subtle yet shiny makeup and a neat hairdo to perfect her look. If you forgot to notice it in Lima’s style, here’s another reason why you should go overboard when it comes to matching the outfit with your jewellery.  A cape escapeHuma Qureshi concluded her Cannes journey in Anamika Khanna, and we couldn’t have asked for a more gorgeous good bye!  Leather luxeNoel Capri goes bold and basic in a glossy, black Zuhair Murad couture.  Beaming ballerinaGet over little black dresses, red is taking over the season as Alina Baikova’s stuns in Zuhair Murad.  Roaring redDua Lipa is charming over the world with her songs as well as her unique sense of style. She lives up to our expectations as she steps in an extravagant ruffled red gown by Valentino. Asymmetrical cut, drop earrings, and glossy bun are some of the richest trends to take from this look.  Exquisite easeLipa keeps the drama going strong in a figure-hugging black silk dress. Her look wows with a dramatic heart choker that’s sure to rage this year!  Dress me daisyKendall Jenner blooms in a pink perfect dress!  Heaven’s harmonyEva Longoria redefines the modern-day angel in a glossy Alberta Ferretti gown.					Southern France gets lit as stars from all over the world flood the city to attend the 72nd Cannes Film Festival. We have hand-picked some of the most talked-about trends that won hearts on the second day of the event.  The classic red-n-goldAlessandra Ambrosio storms in a dramatic red gown, solidifying our love for thigh-high slits and knotted necklines.  Mermaid magicHina Khan’s Cannes debut is all things sparkle in a stunning silver gown by Ziad Nakad. Her look features the current rage of plunging neckline and peppy play of silver.  Flower powerElle Fanning takes a fresh spin on florals in a floaty dress, made more magical with a milkmaid braid.  Leather loveJulianne Moore comes dressed in a statement Louis Vuitton gown, throwing in just the right amount of leather luxe.  Pretty pastelsFrédérique Bel brings carefree pastel hues to the red carpet, and we’re in awe.  Team textureChris Lee make heads turn in Balmain suit with a strong take on texture.  Shine on shimmerAmber Heard oozes oodles of glam and glimmer, flaunting makeup by L’Oréal Paris. Formal-alleyMonia Chokri make basics look beguiling. Chic sleekSelena Gomez steal hearts in a gorgeous navy blue ensemble, donning a daring deep middle part.																		Step into summers with a fresh hair style to set the tone of the season right. Amp it up with a fresh colour hue, cut it short for a sassy touch-up, beat the heat with ponies and buns, or better still…feel the wind in your hair in style with an exaggerated side parting. Here’s how to take on the sunny spirit, this year:Cool colourWavy bobNaughty knotDeep side partOn-point pony Airport style has recently gained momentum, thanks to the growing paparazzi culture. Every celebrity has a distinctive travel style, but there’s a common love shared for the closet staple kurta. Instead of flexing their sartorial muscles in high-end, street-style brands, the leading ladies have chosen the simple kurta as their favourite. Of course, they amp it up with their Hermès Birkin and Gucci sunglasses, but the dainty kurta sets still takes the centre stage. While Deepika Padukone prefers her kurtas to be form-fitted in bright, jewel tones, Kareena Kapoor is a fan of over-sized kurtas in neutral shades. Scroll down for our edit of all the celebrity-approved kurtas you can incorporate in your travel style.  Kareena Kapoor Khan Setting unconventional fashion norms comes naturally to Kareena Kapoor Khan. Case in point, seen here in an olive-green kurta set, teamed with a leather jacket and a pair of trendy kicks, a look only she can pull.For another run to the airport, this time with her family, Kareena Kapoor Khan chose a mustard yellow kurta teamed with off-white flared pants, and tiny round sunglasses.  Deepika Padukone Deepika Padukone was recently seen at the airport in a fuchsia pink, embroidered kurta set by Lajjoo C. The actor styled her traditional ensemble with a pair of juttis and an ox-blood coloured bag.  Sara Ali Khan Sara Ali Khan’s choice of kurta set is an all-white ensemble with multi-coloured stripe detail. If a plain white kurta to the airport is too simple for you, try this upgraded version. Kangana Rananut A true advocate of all things classic, Kangana Rananut’s traditional style at the airport is understated and elegant. Pictured here in a muted beige, minimally embroidered kurta set, teamed with a nude bag and statement sunglasses.					Fall trends are officially making their way to your wardrobe! If you’re a fan of all things sassy, you’re going to love the idea of wearing your pantsuit with a bralette. Power suit, but make it sexy. Give your boardroom style a feminine touch by teaming it a dainty bralette, just like these leading actors did. While Katrina Kaif layered her embellished pantsuit on a delicate lace bra, Sonakshi Sinha and Jacqueline Fernandez opted for monotone pantsuits and bralette combinations. Putting their envy-inducing abs on display. Scroll down to find all the different ways in which the celebrities have styled their pantsuits with a sleek bralette. Bhumi PednekarBhumi Pednekar styled her shimmering, sequined suit with a barely-there embellished bra. Making a solid case for balanced opulent dressing. Ileana D’CruzIleana D’Cruz teamed her powder pink pantsuit with a textured bra, breaking the monotony of a plain old suit. Jacqueline FernandezJacqueline Fernandez chose a sunshine yellow suit and bralette, all in the same hue. Giving a lesson on how to work this trend in monotone. Sonakshi SinhaSonakshi Sinha gave her checkered suit a modern spin by layering it over a solid coloured bralette instead of a regular shirt.Sonakshi Sinha put her rock-solid abs on display in this over-sized, powder blue pantsuit, which she styled with a sports bra in a twin shade. Demonstrated the sporty-chic way of wearing the pantsuit with a bralette trend. Katrina KaifKatrina Kaif wore her silver, sequined pantsuit with a lacey bra, showcasing how to work two contrasting elements in the same ensemble.					Colour blocking is a versatile trend that is no longer restricted to just mixing two colours in an outfit. You can colour-block your look by teaming separates in two different hues or by teaming a singular-toned outfit with a contrasting coloured accessory or shoes. Bring out some bold hues and style them together like Alia Bhatt did; or break the monotony of solid black outfit with a dash of colour like Kareena Kapoor Khan. For those who aren’t a fan of busy prints and multiple elements, this trend is a perfect pick. Here’s our edit of all the celebrity-approved ways to flaunt the colour-block trend in style  Kareena Kapoor KhanEver thought two bright tones cannot work together? Take a cue from Kareena Kapoor Khan. The actor styled her aqua-blue bodysuit with a neon green, sequined, pencil skirt. Neutralising the look further with a pair of transparent, strappy heel.  Kriti SanonKriti Sanon effortlessly worked this form-fitting colour-blocked gown. She kept the rest of her look minimal with a pair of dainty, hoop earrings, and centre-parted hair.  Aditi Rao Hydari Aditi Rao Hydari demonstrated a distinctive of wearing the power suit. She opted for an ox-blood and burnt orange asymmetrical pantsuit, which she styled with a traditional choker.  Tara SutariTara Sutaria broke the monotony of her black and white outfit by teaming it with a bright neon skirt, another way of working the colour-block trend.  Athiya ShettyAthiya Shetty opted for a contrasting gown in lime green and beige, working two contradicting hues in the same outfit.  Alia BhattInstead of infusing multiple colours in the same outfit, Alia Bhatt chose contrasting separates in two bright hues, an innovative way of sporting the colour-block trend.					There are risqué trends, and then there is the cut-out dress trend. The peek-a-boo skin-show moment has an understated appeal to it. There are multiple ways in which you can wear the cut-out dress. The geometrical shape can be carved out from the centre, showing your toned midriff or from the sides and the back, accentuating your curves. Recently, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen in a lemon yellow, diamond-shaped, midriff cut-out dress by Dion Lee, at the trailer launch of her movie. The actor teamed the dress with a pair of strappy heels, dainty earrings and hexagon-shaped glasses. You can easily replicate this look at your next Sunday brunch with the girls. Scroll down to view all the celebrity-approved ways of wearing a cut-out dress.  Nushrat Bharucha Nushrat Bharucha styled this metallic, side cut-out dress by Rohit Gandhi and Rahul Khanna with a pair of high heels and pushed-back sleek hair. A party look you can easily imitate.  Janhvi KapoorJanhvi Kapoor raised the heat in this multiple cut-out, asymmetrical Basil Soda gown. The young actor complemented the ensemble with a pair of statement Sophie Webster heels and a stark red mouth. Pooja HegdePooja Hegde broke the solid colour monotony of this bright-coloured yellow dress with a pair of aqua-hued earrings. A smart styling hack you can incorporate in your next look.  Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor effortlessly worked the monochromatic, sequined, side cut-out dress by Prabal Gurung. The actor kept the rest of her look simple with a sleek ponytail, drop earrings and a hint of glitter on the lids. If less is more is your vibe, this look is tailor-made for you. Kiara AdvaniKiara Advani looked like a vision in this double textured, side cut-out dress. If you want to give the sequin and bright colour combination a rest, you can opt for this minimal-chic outfit by Prabal Gurung.					There is a nip in the air and the weather is finally getting pleasant. Although we do not get to enjoy the perks of a full-blown winter just yet, we can still relish the season with an upgraded wardrobe. A fail-safe trend you can bet on is the shirt dress, it’s cosy, comfortable and ultra-stylish. It’s basically a shirt sans the pants, but we’re not complaining.You can style it with a broad belt like Sonakshi Sinha, or wear it oversized like Malaika Arora. Layer it with a blazer and you’re boardroom ready, or team it with thigh-high boots for a night on the town. You can also make it your workwear staple like Meghan Markle who is an official fan of the buttoned-down shirt dress trend. We’ve rounded up a list of celebrity-approved shirt dress looks for you to take style inspiration from. Malaika AroraWant to achieve that laid-back, relaxed, chic look? Take cue from Malaika Arora who styled her oversized grey shirt with a pair of fiery red, ankle-length boots. Pooja HegdePooja Hegde upped her street-style game with this metallic blue, striped shirt, which she styled with a Gucci, belt bag and chained sunglasses. You can imitate this look if you want to give your basic shirt dress an upgrade. Sonam Kapoor AhujaSonam Kapoor Ahuja wore this black and white, Cover Story dress, designed by Karl Lagerfeld and teamed it with a pair of sleek, black boots. Demonstrating how to work this trend the old-school, classic way. Karisma KapoorIf the idea of wearing a plain shirt dress to work sounds mundane to you, layer it with a blazer and a pair of cool sneakers, just like Karisma Kapoor did. Shraddha KapoorInstead of digging deep in your closet to find that perfect party dress, borrow a formal shirt from your boyfriend, team it with a wide, waist-clenching belt and you have a winning look on your hands. Deepika PadukoneIf minimalism isn’t your thing and you’re all about those intricate details, opt for this long, form-flattering, knotted shirt dress by Rajesh Pratap. Ditch the jewellery, like Deepika Padukone, and allow the dress to take the centre stage. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon kept this day look fuss-free in an emerald green, shirt dress by Nupur Kanoi and styled it with a pair of closed-toe heels and geometrical earrings by Azotiique. Kriti KharbandaKriti Kharbanda was seen working the trend in this printed shirt dress and kept the rest of the look clean with just a high top-knot.   The most recurring sari during the festive season was the sequin laden six yards by Manish Malhotra, another innovative rendition of the classic silhouette by the couturier. The shimmer sari has become a go-to sartorial choice for almost every leading lady in Bollywood. The latest addition to the list is Bhumi Pednekar who opted for an off-white sequin sari, and teamed it with a dainty velvet blouse during her movie promotion. While Bhumi went for a classic-chic look, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen sporting a rose-pink sequin sari with a barely-there blouse. Kapoor Khan punctuated the risqué look with a layered diamond necklace and her signature makeup. Here’s our edit of all the versatile ways in which you can work this trend. Bhumi PednekarBhumi Pednekar is all about the less is more formula, seen here in an antique white, sequin sari and blouse, sans the jewellery. Tara Sutaria  The young and vivacious Tara Sutaria stepped out in a smoke grey, sequin sari and blouse combination for the recent Diwali festivities. To do justice to this all-embellished ensemble, Tara swapped heavy statement jewellery for a dainty layered necklace and complemented it with soft and peachy makeup. Natasha PoonawallaThe all-time advocate of all things extra, Natasha Poonawalla pulled all stops with this sage green sequin sari and styled it with an emerald green necklace, suitable for a Maharani. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon’s take on the trend was a little different from her contemporaries. She styled her shimmering sari with a strappy, backless blouse, chandelier earrings, deep smokey eyes and Mogra bearing low bun. Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor in a sequined black sari is a vision to behold. The actress paired her sari with a cutout blouse and kept the rest of her look minimal, keeping the entire focus on the traffic-stopping silhouette.  If you’re looking to elevate your festive wardrobe this season, take inspiration from these leading ladies who have opted for some unusual and gravity-defying blouse styles. From exaggerated shoulders to some risqué cuts with décolletage detail, these statement-making pieces are all you need. Traditional blouses are constantly being reinvented with a modern twist. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja kept it simple with a scarlet blouse, bearing an asymmetrical front opening. Sara Ali Khan opted for a sheer blouse with 3D floral applique. Want to step out of your comfort zone and experiment with your sartorial choices? Fret not, we’ve got you covered. Here’s our edit of all the styles in which you can interpret the unusual blouse trend. Ananya Pandayif you’re all about flaunting your curves, this barely-there, silver embellished blouse by Sabyasachi is perfect for you. Tara SutariaThis aqua blue, corset with an added rib cage detail by Papa don’t preach is the ideal fusion wear. Sara Ali KhanSara Ali Khan doesn’t play by the rule. Case in point – this all-black, power shouldered blouse with a 3D texture she was recently seen in. If you don’t like to keep it subtle, this Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla number is tailor-made for you. Shraddha KapoorShraddha Kapoor redefines elegance in this sage green, peplum blouse by Kresha Bajaj. Kriti SanonTrust Kriti Sanon to effortlessly work this metallic, hot pink, piece-of-art by Amit Aggarwal. Sonam Kapoor AhujaThis red, floral printed Vedika M blouse on Sonam Kapoor Ahuja may look simple to you from the front, but the back detail is where you get your money shot.Another day another Sonam Kapoor Ahuja outfit you bookmark for future reference. The actress styled this Tamil print sari by House of Masaba with an off-shouldered, balloon sleeved blouse. Priyanka Chopra JonasThe original desi girl raising the oomph factor in this printed Sabyasachi bralette, styled with a ruffled sari. Brownie points on keeping it subtle yet sensuous. Aditi Rao HydariKnown as the ethereal princess of Bollywood, Aditi Rao Hydari looked striking in this midnight-blue, semi-sheer, cut-out blouse by Falguni Shane Peacock. Katrina KaifIf there’s anybody who can work this plunging neckline, ruffle sleeved blouse by Manish Malhotra, it’s Katrina Kaif. Konkona SensharmaThe power-house actress has mastered the art of keeping it easy-chic. Seen here in a mandarin collared bubblegum pink blouse, paired with a smoke grey sari designed by Arjun Saluja. Jacqueline FernandezThe glamour goddess looked like a complete head turned in this rose pink, semi-sheer, ruffle sleeved blouse by Falguni Shane Peacock.																		Everything at the 72nd international Cannes film festival is making news since last 10 days, giving the fashion world its freshest lot to go gaga over. If you’re keeping an eye on all things trending, here are some of the latest looks from the French Riviera.   Bedazzling beautyAdriana Lima looks like a vision in this vivid violet haute couture. Teaming thigh-high slit with a halter neck style, and topping it up with matching earrings and lots and lots of shimmer, Lima’s style is on point!  Pink-a-tonLorena Rae features a sultry play of frills with just the right amount of shine in Rami Kadi. Raise a toast!Natasha Poly dressed in this Versace gown is elegance personified. Shades of Champaign meet subtle yet shiny makeup and a neat hairdo to perfect her look. If you forgot to notice it in Lima’s style, here’s another reason why you should go overboard when it comes to matching the outfit with your jewellery.  A cape escapeHuma Qureshi concluded her Cannes journey in Anamika Khanna, and we couldn’t have asked for a more gorgeous good bye!  Leather luxeNoel Capri goes bold and basic in a glossy, black Zuhair Murad couture.  Beaming ballerinaGet over little black dresses, red is taking over the season as Alina Baikova’s stuns in Zuhair Murad.  Roaring redDua Lipa is charming over the world with her songs as well as her unique sense of style. She lives up to our expectations as she steps in an extravagant ruffled red gown by Valentino. Asymmetrical cut, drop earrings, and glossy bun are some of the richest trends to take from this look.  Exquisite easeLipa keeps the drama going strong in a figure-hugging black silk dress. Her look wows with a dramatic heart choker that’s sure to rage this year!  Dress me daisyKendall Jenner blooms in a pink perfect dress!  Heaven’s harmonyEva Longoria redefines the modern-day angel in a glossy Alberta Ferretti gown.					Southern France gets lit as stars from all over the world flood the city to attend the 72nd Cannes Film Festival. We have hand-picked some of the most talked-about trends that won hearts on the second day of the event.  The classic red-n-goldAlessandra Ambrosio storms in a dramatic red gown, solidifying our love for thigh-high slits and knotted necklines.  Mermaid magicHina Khan’s Cannes debut is all things sparkle in a stunning silver gown by Ziad Nakad. Her look features the current rage of plunging neckline and peppy play of silver.  Flower powerElle Fanning takes a fresh spin on florals in a floaty dress, made more magical with a milkmaid braid.  Leather loveJulianne Moore comes dressed in a statement Louis Vuitton gown, throwing in just the right amount of leather luxe.  Pretty pastelsFrédérique Bel brings carefree pastel hues to the red carpet, and we’re in awe.  Team textureChris Lee make heads turn in Balmain suit with a strong take on texture.  Shine on shimmerAmber Heard oozes oodles of glam and glimmer, flaunting makeup by L’Oréal Paris. Formal-alleyMonia Chokri make basics look beguiling. Chic sleekSelena Gomez steal hearts in a gorgeous navy blue ensemble, donning a daring deep middle part.																		Step into summers with a fresh hair style to set the tone of the season right. Amp it up with a fresh colour hue, cut it short for a sassy touch-up, beat the heat with ponies and buns, or better still…feel the wind in your hair in style with an exaggerated side parting. Here’s how to take on the sunny spirit, this year:Cool colourWavy bobNaughty knotDeep side partOn-point pony Airport style has recently gained momentum, thanks to the growing paparazzi culture. Every celebrity has a distinctive travel style, but there’s a common love shared for the closet staple kurta. Instead of flexing their sartorial muscles in high-end, street-style brands, the leading ladies have chosen the simple kurta as their favourite. Of course, they amp it up with their Hermès Birkin and Gucci sunglasses, but the dainty kurta sets still takes the centre stage. While Deepika Padukone prefers her kurtas to be form-fitted in bright, jewel tones, Kareena Kapoor is a fan of over-sized kurtas in neutral shades. Scroll down for our edit of all the celebrity-approved kurtas you can incorporate in your travel style.  Kareena Kapoor Khan Setting unconventional fashion norms comes naturally to Kareena Kapoor Khan. Case in point, seen here in an olive-green kurta set, teamed with a leather jacket and a pair of trendy kicks, a look only she can pull.For another run to the airport, this time with her family, Kareena Kapoor Khan chose a mustard yellow kurta teamed with off-white flared pants, and tiny round sunglasses.  Deepika Padukone Deepika Padukone was recently seen at the airport in a fuchsia pink, embroidered kurta set by Lajjoo C. The actor styled her traditional ensemble with a pair of juttis and an ox-blood coloured bag.  Sara Ali Khan Sara Ali Khan’s choice of kurta set is an all-white ensemble with multi-coloured stripe detail. If a plain white kurta to the airport is too simple for you, try this upgraded version. Kangana Rananut A true advocate of all things classic, Kangana Rananut’s traditional style at the airport is understated and elegant. Pictured here in a muted beige, minimally embroidered kurta set, teamed with a nude bag and statement sunglasses.					Fall trends are officially making their way to your wardrobe! If you’re a fan of all things sassy, you’re going to love the idea of wearing your pantsuit with a bralette. Power suit, but make it sexy. Give your boardroom style a feminine touch by teaming it a dainty bralette, just like these leading actors did. While Katrina Kaif layered her embellished pantsuit on a delicate lace bra, Sonakshi Sinha and Jacqueline Fernandez opted for monotone pantsuits and bralette combinations. Putting their envy-inducing abs on display. Scroll down to find all the different ways in which the celebrities have styled their pantsuits with a sleek bralette. Bhumi PednekarBhumi Pednekar styled her shimmering, sequined suit with a barely-there embellished bra. Making a solid case for balanced opulent dressing. Ileana D’CruzIleana D’Cruz teamed her powder pink pantsuit with a textured bra, breaking the monotony of a plain old suit. Jacqueline FernandezJacqueline Fernandez chose a sunshine yellow suit and bralette, all in the same hue. Giving a lesson on how to work this trend in monotone. Sonakshi SinhaSonakshi Sinha gave her checkered suit a modern spin by layering it over a solid coloured bralette instead of a regular shirt.Sonakshi Sinha put her rock-solid abs on display in this over-sized, powder blue pantsuit, which she styled with a sports bra in a twin shade. Demonstrated the sporty-chic way of wearing the pantsuit with a bralette trend. Katrina KaifKatrina Kaif wore her silver, sequined pantsuit with a lacey bra, showcasing how to work two contrasting elements in the same ensemble.					Colour blocking is a versatile trend that is no longer restricted to just mixing two colours in an outfit. You can colour-block your look by teaming separates in two different hues or by teaming a singular-toned outfit with a contrasting coloured accessory or shoes. Bring out some bold hues and style them together like Alia Bhatt did; or break the monotony of solid black outfit with a dash of colour like Kareena Kapoor Khan. For those who aren’t a fan of busy prints and multiple elements, this trend is a perfect pick. Here’s our edit of all the celebrity-approved ways to flaunt the colour-block trend in style  Kareena Kapoor KhanEver thought two bright tones cannot work together? Take a cue from Kareena Kapoor Khan. The actor styled her aqua-blue bodysuit with a neon green, sequined, pencil skirt. Neutralising the look further with a pair of transparent, strappy heel.  Kriti SanonKriti Sanon effortlessly worked this form-fitting colour-blocked gown. She kept the rest of her look minimal with a pair of dainty, hoop earrings, and centre-parted hair.  Aditi Rao Hydari Aditi Rao Hydari demonstrated a distinctive of wearing the power suit. She opted for an ox-blood and burnt orange asymmetrical pantsuit, which she styled with a traditional choker.  Tara SutariTara Sutaria broke the monotony of her black and white outfit by teaming it with a bright neon skirt, another way of working the colour-block trend.  Athiya ShettyAthiya Shetty opted for a contrasting gown in lime green and beige, working two contradicting hues in the same outfit.  Alia BhattInstead of infusing multiple colours in the same outfit, Alia Bhatt chose contrasting separates in two bright hues, an innovative way of sporting the colour-block trend.					There are risqué trends, and then there is the cut-out dress trend. The peek-a-boo skin-show moment has an understated appeal to it. There are multiple ways in which you can wear the cut-out dress. The geometrical shape can be carved out from the centre, showing your toned midriff or from the sides and the back, accentuating your curves. Recently, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen in a lemon yellow, diamond-shaped, midriff cut-out dress by Dion Lee, at the trailer launch of her movie. The actor teamed the dress with a pair of strappy heels, dainty earrings and hexagon-shaped glasses. You can easily replicate this look at your next Sunday brunch with the girls. Scroll down to view all the celebrity-approved ways of wearing a cut-out dress.  Nushrat Bharucha Nushrat Bharucha styled this metallic, side cut-out dress by Rohit Gandhi and Rahul Khanna with a pair of high heels and pushed-back sleek hair. A party look you can easily imitate.  Janhvi KapoorJanhvi Kapoor raised the heat in this multiple cut-out, asymmetrical Basil Soda gown. The young actor complemented the ensemble with a pair of statement Sophie Webster heels and a stark red mouth. Pooja HegdePooja Hegde broke the solid colour monotony of this bright-coloured yellow dress with a pair of aqua-hued earrings. A smart styling hack you can incorporate in your next look.  Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor effortlessly worked the monochromatic, sequined, side cut-out dress by Prabal Gurung. The actor kept the rest of her look simple with a sleek ponytail, drop earrings and a hint of glitter on the lids. If less is more is your vibe, this look is tailor-made for you. Kiara AdvaniKiara Advani looked like a vision in this double textured, side cut-out dress. If you want to give the sequin and bright colour combination a rest, you can opt for this minimal-chic outfit by Prabal Gurung.					There is a nip in the air and the weather is finally getting pleasant. Although we do not get to enjoy the perks of a full-blown winter just yet, we can still relish the season with an upgraded wardrobe. A fail-safe trend you can bet on is the shirt dress, it’s cosy, comfortable and ultra-stylish. It’s basically a shirt sans the pants, but we’re not complaining.You can style it with a broad belt like Sonakshi Sinha, or wear it oversized like Malaika Arora. Layer it with a blazer and you’re boardroom ready, or team it with thigh-high boots for a night on the town. You can also make it your workwear staple like Meghan Markle who is an official fan of the buttoned-down shirt dress trend. We’ve rounded up a list of celebrity-approved shirt dress looks for you to take style inspiration from. Malaika AroraWant to achieve that laid-back, relaxed, chic look? Take cue from Malaika Arora who styled her oversized grey shirt with a pair of fiery red, ankle-length boots. Pooja HegdePooja Hegde upped her street-style game with this metallic blue, striped shirt, which she styled with a Gucci, belt bag and chained sunglasses. You can imitate this look if you want to give your basic shirt dress an upgrade. Sonam Kapoor AhujaSonam Kapoor Ahuja wore this black and white, Cover Story dress, designed by Karl Lagerfeld and teamed it with a pair of sleek, black boots. Demonstrating how to work this trend the old-school, classic way. Karisma KapoorIf the idea of wearing a plain shirt dress to work sounds mundane to you, layer it with a blazer and a pair of cool sneakers, just like Karisma Kapoor did. Shraddha KapoorInstead of digging deep in your closet to find that perfect party dress, borrow a formal shirt from your boyfriend, team it with a wide, waist-clenching belt and you have a winning look on your hands. Deepika PadukoneIf minimalism isn’t your thing and you’re all about those intricate details, opt for this long, form-flattering, knotted shirt dress by Rajesh Pratap. Ditch the jewellery, like Deepika Padukone, and allow the dress to take the centre stage. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon kept this day look fuss-free in an emerald green, shirt dress by Nupur Kanoi and styled it with a pair of closed-toe heels and geometrical earrings by Azotiique. Kriti KharbandaKriti Kharbanda was seen working the trend in this printed shirt dress and kept the rest of the look clean with just a high top-knot.   The most recurring sari during the festive season was the sequin laden six yards by Manish Malhotra, another innovative rendition of the classic silhouette by the couturier. The shimmer sari has become a go-to sartorial choice for almost every leading lady in Bollywood. The latest addition to the list is Bhumi Pednekar who opted for an off-white sequin sari, and teamed it with a dainty velvet blouse during her movie promotion. While Bhumi went for a classic-chic look, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen sporting a rose-pink sequin sari with a barely-there blouse. Kapoor Khan punctuated the risqué look with a layered diamond necklace and her signature makeup. Here’s our edit of all the versatile ways in which you can work this trend. Bhumi PednekarBhumi Pednekar is all about the less is more formula, seen here in an antique white, sequin sari and blouse, sans the jewellery. Tara Sutaria  The young and vivacious Tara Sutaria stepped out in a smoke grey, sequin sari and blouse combination for the recent Diwali festivities. To do justice to this all-embellished ensemble, Tara swapped heavy statement jewellery for a dainty layered necklace and complemented it with soft and peachy makeup. Natasha PoonawallaThe all-time advocate of all things extra, Natasha Poonawalla pulled all stops with this sage green sequin sari and styled it with an emerald green necklace, suitable for a Maharani. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon’s take on the trend was a little different from her contemporaries. She styled her shimmering sari with a strappy, backless blouse, chandelier earrings, deep smokey eyes and Mogra bearing low bun. Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor in a sequined black sari is a vision to behold. The actress paired her sari with a cutout blouse and kept the rest of her look minimal, keeping the entire focus on the traffic-stopping silhouette.  If you’re looking to elevate your festive wardrobe this season, take inspiration from these leading ladies who have opted for some unusual and gravity-defying blouse styles. From exaggerated shoulders to some risqué cuts with décolletage detail, these statement-making pieces are all you need. Traditional blouses are constantly being reinvented with a modern twist. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja kept it simple with a scarlet blouse, bearing an asymmetrical front opening. Sara Ali Khan opted for a sheer blouse with 3D floral applique. Want to step out of your comfort zone and experiment with your sartorial choices? Fret not, we’ve got you covered. Here’s our edit of all the styles in which you can interpret the unusual blouse trend. Ananya Pandayif you’re all about flaunting your curves, this barely-there, silver embellished blouse by Sabyasachi is perfect for you. Tara SutariaThis aqua blue, corset with an added rib cage detail by Papa don’t preach is the ideal fusion wear. Sara Ali KhanSara Ali Khan doesn’t play by the rule. Case in point – this all-black, power shouldered blouse with a 3D texture she was recently seen in. If you don’t like to keep it subtle, this Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla number is tailor-made for you. Shraddha KapoorShraddha Kapoor redefines elegance in this sage green, peplum blouse by Kresha Bajaj. Kriti SanonTrust Kriti Sanon to effortlessly work this metallic, hot pink, piece-of-art by Amit Aggarwal. Sonam Kapoor AhujaThis red, floral printed Vedika M blouse on Sonam Kapoor Ahuja may look simple to you from the front, but the back detail is where you get your money shot.Another day another Sonam Kapoor Ahuja outfit you bookmark for future reference. The actress styled this Tamil print sari by House of Masaba with an off-shouldered, balloon sleeved blouse. Priyanka Chopra JonasThe original desi girl raising the oomph factor in this printed Sabyasachi bralette, styled with a ruffled sari. Brownie points on keeping it subtle yet sensuous. Aditi Rao HydariKnown as the ethereal princess of Bollywood, Aditi Rao Hydari looked striking in this midnight-blue, semi-sheer, cut-out blouse by Falguni Shane Peacock. Katrina KaifIf there’s anybody who can work this plunging neckline, ruffle sleeved blouse by Manish Malhotra, it’s Katrina Kaif. Konkona SensharmaThe power-house actress has mastered the art of keeping it easy-chic. Seen here in a mandarin collared bubblegum pink blouse, paired with a smoke grey sari designed by Arjun Saluja. Jacqueline FernandezThe glamour goddess looked like a complete head turned in this rose pink, semi-sheer, ruffle sleeved blouse by Falguni Shane Peacock.																		Everything at the 72nd international Cannes film festival is making news since last 10 days, giving the fashion world its freshest lot to go gaga over. If you’re keeping an eye on all things trending, here are some of the latest looks from the French Riviera.   Bedazzling beautyAdriana Lima looks like a vision in this vivid violet haute couture. Teaming thigh-high slit with a halter neck style, and topping it up with matching earrings and lots and lots of shimmer, Lima’s style is on point!  Pink-a-tonLorena Rae features a sultry play of frills with just the right amount of shine in Rami Kadi. Raise a toast!Natasha Poly dressed in this Versace gown is elegance personified. Shades of Champaign meet subtle yet shiny makeup and a neat hairdo to perfect her look. If you forgot to notice it in Lima’s style, here’s another reason why you should go overboard when it comes to matching the outfit with your jewellery.  A cape escapeHuma Qureshi concluded her Cannes journey in Anamika Khanna, and we couldn’t have asked for a more gorgeous good bye!  Leather luxeNoel Capri goes bold and basic in a glossy, black Zuhair Murad couture.  Beaming ballerinaGet over little black dresses, red is taking over the season as Alina Baikova’s stuns in Zuhair Murad.  Roaring redDua Lipa is charming over the world with her songs as well as her unique sense of style. She lives up to our expectations as she steps in an extravagant ruffled red gown by Valentino. Asymmetrical cut, drop earrings, and glossy bun are some of the richest trends to take from this look.  Exquisite easeLipa keeps the drama going strong in a figure-hugging black silk dress. Her look wows with a dramatic heart choker that’s sure to rage this year!  Dress me daisyKendall Jenner blooms in a pink perfect dress!  Heaven’s harmonyEva Longoria redefines the modern-day angel in a glossy Alberta Ferretti gown.					Southern France gets lit as stars from all over the world flood the city to attend the 72nd Cannes Film Festival. We have hand-picked some of the most talked-about trends that won hearts on the second day of the event.  The classic red-n-goldAlessandra Ambrosio storms in a dramatic red gown, solidifying our love for thigh-high slits and knotted necklines.  Mermaid magicHina Khan’s Cannes debut is all things sparkle in a stunning silver gown by Ziad Nakad. Her look features the current rage of plunging neckline and peppy play of silver.  Flower powerElle Fanning takes a fresh spin on florals in a floaty dress, made more magical with a milkmaid braid.  Leather loveJulianne Moore comes dressed in a statement Louis Vuitton gown, throwing in just the right amount of leather luxe.  Pretty pastelsFrédérique Bel brings carefree pastel hues to the red carpet, and we’re in awe.  Team textureChris Lee make heads turn in Balmain suit with a strong take on texture.  Shine on shimmerAmber Heard oozes oodles of glam and glimmer, flaunting makeup by L’Oréal Paris. Formal-alleyMonia Chokri make basics look beguiling. Chic sleekSelena Gomez steal hearts in a gorgeous navy blue ensemble, donning a daring deep middle part.																		Step into summers with a fresh hair style to set the tone of the season right. Amp it up with a fresh colour hue, cut it short for a sassy touch-up, beat the heat with ponies and buns, or better still…feel the wind in your hair in style with an exaggerated side parting. Here’s how to take on the sunny spirit, this year:Cool colourWavy bobNaughty knotDeep side partOn-point pony Airport style has recently gained momentum, thanks to the growing paparazzi culture. Every celebrity has a distinctive travel style, but there’s a common love shared for the closet staple kurta. Instead of flexing their sartorial muscles in high-end, street-style brands, the leading ladies have chosen the simple kurta as their favourite. Of course, they amp it up with their Hermès Birkin and Gucci sunglasses, but the dainty kurta sets still takes the centre stage. While Deepika Padukone prefers her kurtas to be form-fitted in bright, jewel tones, Kareena Kapoor is a fan of over-sized kurtas in neutral shades. Scroll down for our edit of all the celebrity-approved kurtas you can incorporate in your travel style.  Kareena Kapoor Khan Setting unconventional fashion norms comes naturally to Kareena Kapoor Khan. Case in point, seen here in an olive-green kurta set, teamed with a leather jacket and a pair of trendy kicks, a look only she can pull.For another run to the airport, this time with her family, Kareena Kapoor Khan chose a mustard yellow kurta teamed with off-white flared pants, and tiny round sunglasses.  Deepika Padukone Deepika Padukone was recently seen at the airport in a fuchsia pink, embroidered kurta set by Lajjoo C. The actor styled her traditional ensemble with a pair of juttis and an ox-blood coloured bag.  Sara Ali Khan Sara Ali Khan’s choice of kurta set is an all-white ensemble with multi-coloured stripe detail. If a plain white kurta to the airport is too simple for you, try this upgraded version. Kangana Rananut A true advocate of all things classic, Kangana Rananut’s traditional style at the airport is understated and elegant. Pictured here in a muted beige, minimally embroidered kurta set, teamed with a nude bag and statement sunglasses.					Fall trends are officially making their way to your wardrobe! If you’re a fan of all things sassy, you’re going to love the idea of wearing your pantsuit with a bralette. Power suit, but make it sexy. Give your boardroom style a feminine touch by teaming it a dainty bralette, just like these leading actors did. While Katrina Kaif layered her embellished pantsuit on a delicate lace bra, Sonakshi Sinha and Jacqueline Fernandez opted for monotone pantsuits and bralette combinations. Putting their envy-inducing abs on display. Scroll down to find all the different ways in which the celebrities have styled their pantsuits with a sleek bralette. Bhumi PednekarBhumi Pednekar styled her shimmering, sequined suit with a barely-there embellished bra. Making a solid case for balanced opulent dressing. Ileana D’CruzIleana D’Cruz teamed her powder pink pantsuit with a textured bra, breaking the monotony of a plain old suit. Jacqueline FernandezJacqueline Fernandez chose a sunshine yellow suit and bralette, all in the same hue. Giving a lesson on how to work this trend in monotone. Sonakshi SinhaSonakshi Sinha gave her checkered suit a modern spin by layering it over a solid coloured bralette instead of a regular shirt.Sonakshi Sinha put her rock-solid abs on display in this over-sized, powder blue pantsuit, which she styled with a sports bra in a twin shade. Demonstrated the sporty-chic way of wearing the pantsuit with a bralette trend. Katrina KaifKatrina Kaif wore her silver, sequined pantsuit with a lacey bra, showcasing how to work two contrasting elements in the same ensemble.					Colour blocking is a versatile trend that is no longer restricted to just mixing two colours in an outfit. You can colour-block your look by teaming separates in two different hues or by teaming a singular-toned outfit with a contrasting coloured accessory or shoes. Bring out some bold hues and style them together like Alia Bhatt did; or break the monotony of solid black outfit with a dash of colour like Kareena Kapoor Khan. For those who aren’t a fan of busy prints and multiple elements, this trend is a perfect pick. Here’s our edit of all the celebrity-approved ways to flaunt the colour-block trend in style  Kareena Kapoor KhanEver thought two bright tones cannot work together? Take a cue from Kareena Kapoor Khan. The actor styled her aqua-blue bodysuit with a neon green, sequined, pencil skirt. Neutralising the look further with a pair of transparent, strappy heel.  Kriti SanonKriti Sanon effortlessly worked this form-fitting colour-blocked gown. She kept the rest of her look minimal with a pair of dainty, hoop earrings, and centre-parted hair.  Aditi Rao Hydari Aditi Rao Hydari demonstrated a distinctive of wearing the power suit. She opted for an ox-blood and burnt orange asymmetrical pantsuit, which she styled with a traditional choker.  Tara SutariTara Sutaria broke the monotony of her black and white outfit by teaming it with a bright neon skirt, another way of working the colour-block trend.  Athiya ShettyAthiya Shetty opted for a contrasting gown in lime green and beige, working two contradicting hues in the same outfit.  Alia BhattInstead of infusing multiple colours in the same outfit, Alia Bhatt chose contrasting separates in two bright hues, an innovative way of sporting the colour-block trend.					There are risqué trends, and then there is the cut-out dress trend. The peek-a-boo skin-show moment has an understated appeal to it. There are multiple ways in which you can wear the cut-out dress. The geometrical shape can be carved out from the centre, showing your toned midriff or from the sides and the back, accentuating your curves. Recently, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen in a lemon yellow, diamond-shaped, midriff cut-out dress by Dion Lee, at the trailer launch of her movie. The actor teamed the dress with a pair of strappy heels, dainty earrings and hexagon-shaped glasses. You can easily replicate this look at your next Sunday brunch with the girls. Scroll down to view all the celebrity-approved ways of wearing a cut-out dress.  Nushrat Bharucha Nushrat Bharucha styled this metallic, side cut-out dress by Rohit Gandhi and Rahul Khanna with a pair of high heels and pushed-back sleek hair. A party look you can easily imitate.  Janhvi KapoorJanhvi Kapoor raised the heat in this multiple cut-out, asymmetrical Basil Soda gown. The young actor complemented the ensemble with a pair of statement Sophie Webster heels and a stark red mouth. Pooja HegdePooja Hegde broke the solid colour monotony of this bright-coloured yellow dress with a pair of aqua-hued earrings. A smart styling hack you can incorporate in your next look.  Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor effortlessly worked the monochromatic, sequined, side cut-out dress by Prabal Gurung. The actor kept the rest of her look simple with a sleek ponytail, drop earrings and a hint of glitter on the lids. If less is more is your vibe, this look is tailor-made for you. Kiara AdvaniKiara Advani looked like a vision in this double textured, side cut-out dress. If you want to give the sequin and bright colour combination a rest, you can opt for this minimal-chic outfit by Prabal Gurung.					There is a nip in the air and the weather is finally getting pleasant. Although we do not get to enjoy the perks of a full-blown winter just yet, we can still relish the season with an upgraded wardrobe. A fail-safe trend you can bet on is the shirt dress, it’s cosy, comfortable and ultra-stylish. It’s basically a shirt sans the pants, but we’re not complaining.You can style it with a broad belt like Sonakshi Sinha, or wear it oversized like Malaika Arora. Layer it with a blazer and you’re boardroom ready, or team it with thigh-high boots for a night on the town. You can also make it your workwear staple like Meghan Markle who is an official fan of the buttoned-down shirt dress trend. We’ve rounded up a list of celebrity-approved shirt dress looks for you to take style inspiration from. Malaika AroraWant to achieve that laid-back, relaxed, chic look? Take cue from Malaika Arora who styled her oversized grey shirt with a pair of fiery red, ankle-length boots. Pooja HegdePooja Hegde upped her street-style game with this metallic blue, striped shirt, which she styled with a Gucci, belt bag and chained sunglasses. You can imitate this look if you want to give your basic shirt dress an upgrade. Sonam Kapoor AhujaSonam Kapoor Ahuja wore this black and white, Cover Story dress, designed by Karl Lagerfeld and teamed it with a pair of sleek, black boots. Demonstrating how to work this trend the old-school, classic way. Karisma KapoorIf the idea of wearing a plain shirt dress to work sounds mundane to you, layer it with a blazer and a pair of cool sneakers, just like Karisma Kapoor did. Shraddha KapoorInstead of digging deep in your closet to find that perfect party dress, borrow a formal shirt from your boyfriend, team it with a wide, waist-clenching belt and you have a winning look on your hands. Deepika PadukoneIf minimalism isn’t your thing and you’re all about those intricate details, opt for this long, form-flattering, knotted shirt dress by Rajesh Pratap. Ditch the jewellery, like Deepika Padukone, and allow the dress to take the centre stage. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon kept this day look fuss-free in an emerald green, shirt dress by Nupur Kanoi and styled it with a pair of closed-toe heels and geometrical earrings by Azotiique. Kriti KharbandaKriti Kharbanda was seen working the trend in this printed shirt dress and kept the rest of the look clean with just a high top-knot.   The most recurring sari during the festive season was the sequin laden six yards by Manish Malhotra, another innovative rendition of the classic silhouette by the couturier. The shimmer sari has become a go-to sartorial choice for almost every leading lady in Bollywood. The latest addition to the list is Bhumi Pednekar who opted for an off-white sequin sari, and teamed it with a dainty velvet blouse during her movie promotion. While Bhumi went for a classic-chic look, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen sporting a rose-pink sequin sari with a barely-there blouse. Kapoor Khan punctuated the risqué look with a layered diamond necklace and her signature makeup. Here’s our edit of all the versatile ways in which you can work this trend. Bhumi PednekarBhumi Pednekar is all about the less is more formula, seen here in an antique white, sequin sari and blouse, sans the jewellery. Tara Sutaria  The young and vivacious Tara Sutaria stepped out in a smoke grey, sequin sari and blouse combination for the recent Diwali festivities. To do justice to this all-embellished ensemble, Tara swapped heavy statement jewellery for a dainty layered necklace and complemented it with soft and peachy makeup. Natasha PoonawallaThe all-time advocate of all things extra, Natasha Poonawalla pulled all stops with this sage green sequin sari and styled it with an emerald green necklace, suitable for a Maharani. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon’s take on the trend was a little different from her contemporaries. She styled her shimmering sari with a strappy, backless blouse, chandelier earrings, deep smokey eyes and Mogra bearing low bun. Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor in a sequined black sari is a vision to behold. The actress paired her sari with a cutout blouse and kept the rest of her look minimal, keeping the entire focus on the traffic-stopping silhouette.  If you’re looking to elevate your festive wardrobe this season, take inspiration from these leading ladies who have opted for some unusual and gravity-defying blouse styles. From exaggerated shoulders to some risqué cuts with décolletage detail, these statement-making pieces are all you need. Traditional blouses are constantly being reinvented with a modern twist. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja kept it simple with a scarlet blouse, bearing an asymmetrical front opening. Sara Ali Khan opted for a sheer blouse with 3D floral applique. Want to step out of your comfort zone and experiment with your sartorial choices? Fret not, we’ve got you covered. Here’s our edit of all the styles in which you can interpret the unusual blouse trend. Ananya Pandayif you’re all about flaunting your curves, this barely-there, silver embellished blouse by Sabyasachi is perfect for you. Tara SutariaThis aqua blue, corset with an added rib cage detail by Papa don’t preach is the ideal fusion wear. Sara Ali KhanSara Ali Khan doesn’t play by the rule. Case in point – this all-black, power shouldered blouse with a 3D texture she was recently seen in. If you don’t like to keep it subtle, this Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla number is tailor-made for you. Shraddha KapoorShraddha Kapoor redefines elegance in this sage green, peplum blouse by Kresha Bajaj. Kriti SanonTrust Kriti Sanon to effortlessly work this metallic, hot pink, piece-of-art by Amit Aggarwal. Sonam Kapoor AhujaThis red, floral printed Vedika M blouse on Sonam Kapoor Ahuja may look simple to you from the front, but the back detail is where you get your money shot.Another day another Sonam Kapoor Ahuja outfit you bookmark for future reference. The actress styled this Tamil print sari by House of Masaba with an off-shouldered, balloon sleeved blouse. Priyanka Chopra JonasThe original desi girl raising the oomph factor in this printed Sabyasachi bralette, styled with a ruffled sari. Brownie points on keeping it subtle yet sensuous. Aditi Rao HydariKnown as the ethereal princess of Bollywood, Aditi Rao Hydari looked striking in this midnight-blue, semi-sheer, cut-out blouse by Falguni Shane Peacock. Katrina KaifIf there’s anybody who can work this plunging neckline, ruffle sleeved blouse by Manish Malhotra, it’s Katrina Kaif. Konkona SensharmaThe power-house actress has mastered the art of keeping it easy-chic. Seen here in a mandarin collared bubblegum pink blouse, paired with a smoke grey sari designed by Arjun Saluja. Jacqueline FernandezThe glamour goddess looked like a complete head turned in this rose pink, semi-sheer, ruffle sleeved blouse by Falguni Shane Peacock.																		Everything at the 72nd international Cannes film festival is making news since last 10 days, giving the fashion world its freshest lot to go gaga over. If you’re keeping an eye on all things trending, here are some of the latest looks from the French Riviera.   Bedazzling beautyAdriana Lima looks like a vision in this vivid violet haute couture. Teaming thigh-high slit with a halter neck style, and topping it up with matching earrings and lots and lots of shimmer, Lima’s style is on point!  Pink-a-tonLorena Rae features a sultry play of frills with just the right amount of shine in Rami Kadi. Raise a toast!Natasha Poly dressed in this Versace gown is elegance personified. Shades of Champaign meet subtle yet shiny makeup and a neat hairdo to perfect her look. If you forgot to notice it in Lima’s style, here’s another reason why you should go overboard when it comes to matching the outfit with your jewellery.  A cape escapeHuma Qureshi concluded her Cannes journey in Anamika Khanna, and we couldn’t have asked for a more gorgeous good bye!  Leather luxeNoel Capri goes bold and basic in a glossy, black Zuhair Murad couture.  Beaming ballerinaGet over little black dresses, red is taking over the season as Alina Baikova’s stuns in Zuhair Murad.  Roaring redDua Lipa is charming over the world with her songs as well as her unique sense of style. She lives up to our expectations as she steps in an extravagant ruffled red gown by Valentino. Asymmetrical cut, drop earrings, and glossy bun are some of the richest trends to take from this look.  Exquisite easeLipa keeps the drama going strong in a figure-hugging black silk dress. Her look wows with a dramatic heart choker that’s sure to rage this year!  Dress me daisyKendall Jenner blooms in a pink perfect dress!  Heaven’s harmonyEva Longoria redefines the modern-day angel in a glossy Alberta Ferretti gown.					Southern France gets lit as stars from all over the world flood the city to attend the 72nd Cannes Film Festival. We have hand-picked some of the most talked-about trends that won hearts on the second day of the event.  The classic red-n-goldAlessandra Ambrosio storms in a dramatic red gown, solidifying our love for thigh-high slits and knotted necklines.  Mermaid magicHina Khan’s Cannes debut is all things sparkle in a stunning silver gown by Ziad Nakad. Her look features the current rage of plunging neckline and peppy play of silver.  Flower powerElle Fanning takes a fresh spin on florals in a floaty dress, made more magical with a milkmaid braid.  Leather loveJulianne Moore comes dressed in a statement Louis Vuitton gown, throwing in just the right amount of leather luxe.  Pretty pastelsFrédérique Bel brings carefree pastel hues to the red carpet, and we’re in awe.  Team textureChris Lee make heads turn in Balmain suit with a strong take on texture.  Shine on shimmerAmber Heard oozes oodles of glam and glimmer, flaunting makeup by L’Oréal Paris. Formal-alleyMonia Chokri make basics look beguiling. Chic sleekSelena Gomez steal hearts in a gorgeous navy blue ensemble, donning a daring deep middle part.																		Step into summers with a fresh hair style to set the tone of the season right. Amp it up with a fresh colour hue, cut it short for a sassy touch-up, beat the heat with ponies and buns, or better still…feel the wind in your hair in style with an exaggerated side parting. Here’s how to take on the sunny spirit, this year:Cool colourWavy bobNaughty knotDeep side partOn-point pony Airport style has recently gained momentum, thanks to the growing paparazzi culture. Every celebrity has a distinctive travel style, but there’s a common love shared for the closet staple kurta. Instead of flexing their sartorial muscles in high-end, street-style brands, the leading ladies have chosen the simple kurta as their favourite. Of course, they amp it up with their Hermès Birkin and Gucci sunglasses, but the dainty kurta sets still takes the centre stage. While Deepika Padukone prefers her kurtas to be form-fitted in bright, jewel tones, Kareena Kapoor is a fan of over-sized kurtas in neutral shades. Scroll down for our edit of all the celebrity-approved kurtas you can incorporate in your travel style.  Kareena Kapoor Khan Setting unconventional fashion norms comes naturally to Kareena Kapoor Khan. Case in point, seen here in an olive-green kurta set, teamed with a leather jacket and a pair of trendy kicks, a look only she can pull.For another run to the airport, this time with her family, Kareena Kapoor Khan chose a mustard yellow kurta teamed with off-white flared pants, and tiny round sunglasses.  Deepika Padukone Deepika Padukone was recently seen at the airport in a fuchsia pink, embroidered kurta set by Lajjoo C. The actor styled her traditional ensemble with a pair of juttis and an ox-blood coloured bag.  Sara Ali Khan Sara Ali Khan’s choice of kurta set is an all-white ensemble with multi-coloured stripe detail. If a plain white kurta to the airport is too simple for you, try this upgraded version. Kangana Rananut A true advocate of all things classic, Kangana Rananut’s traditional style at the airport is understated and elegant. Pictured here in a muted beige, minimally embroidered kurta set, teamed with a nude bag and statement sunglasses.					Fall trends are officially making their way to your wardrobe! If you’re a fan of all things sassy, you’re going to love the idea of wearing your pantsuit with a bralette. Power suit, but make it sexy. Give your boardroom style a feminine touch by teaming it a dainty bralette, just like these leading actors did. While Katrina Kaif layered her embellished pantsuit on a delicate lace bra, Sonakshi Sinha and Jacqueline Fernandez opted for monotone pantsuits and bralette combinations. Putting their envy-inducing abs on display. Scroll down to find all the different ways in which the celebrities have styled their pantsuits with a sleek bralette. Bhumi PednekarBhumi Pednekar styled her shimmering, sequined suit with a barely-there embellished bra. Making a solid case for balanced opulent dressing. Ileana D’CruzIleana D’Cruz teamed her powder pink pantsuit with a textured bra, breaking the monotony of a plain old suit. Jacqueline FernandezJacqueline Fernandez chose a sunshine yellow suit and bralette, all in the same hue. Giving a lesson on how to work this trend in monotone. Sonakshi SinhaSonakshi Sinha gave her checkered suit a modern spin by layering it over a solid coloured bralette instead of a regular shirt.Sonakshi Sinha put her rock-solid abs on display in this over-sized, powder blue pantsuit, which she styled with a sports bra in a twin shade. Demonstrated the sporty-chic way of wearing the pantsuit with a bralette trend. Katrina KaifKatrina Kaif wore her silver, sequined pantsuit with a lacey bra, showcasing how to work two contrasting elements in the same ensemble.					Colour blocking is a versatile trend that is no longer restricted to just mixing two colours in an outfit. You can colour-block your look by teaming separates in two different hues or by teaming a singular-toned outfit with a contrasting coloured accessory or shoes. Bring out some bold hues and style them together like Alia Bhatt did; or break the monotony of solid black outfit with a dash of colour like Kareena Kapoor Khan. For those who aren’t a fan of busy prints and multiple elements, this trend is a perfect pick. Here’s our edit of all the celebrity-approved ways to flaunt the colour-block trend in style  Kareena Kapoor KhanEver thought two bright tones cannot work together? Take a cue from Kareena Kapoor Khan. The actor styled her aqua-blue bodysuit with a neon green, sequined, pencil skirt. Neutralising the look further with a pair of transparent, strappy heel.  Kriti SanonKriti Sanon effortlessly worked this form-fitting colour-blocked gown. She kept the rest of her look minimal with a pair of dainty, hoop earrings, and centre-parted hair.  Aditi Rao Hydari Aditi Rao Hydari demonstrated a distinctive of wearing the power suit. She opted for an ox-blood and burnt orange asymmetrical pantsuit, which she styled with a traditional choker.  Tara SutariTara Sutaria broke the monotony of her black and white outfit by teaming it with a bright neon skirt, another way of working the colour-block trend.  Athiya ShettyAthiya Shetty opted for a contrasting gown in lime green and beige, working two contradicting hues in the same outfit.  Alia BhattInstead of infusing multiple colours in the same outfit, Alia Bhatt chose contrasting separates in two bright hues, an innovative way of sporting the colour-block trend.					There are risqué trends, and then there is the cut-out dress trend. The peek-a-boo skin-show moment has an understated appeal to it. There are multiple ways in which you can wear the cut-out dress. The geometrical shape can be carved out from the centre, showing your toned midriff or from the sides and the back, accentuating your curves. Recently, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen in a lemon yellow, diamond-shaped, midriff cut-out dress by Dion Lee, at the trailer launch of her movie. The actor teamed the dress with a pair of strappy heels, dainty earrings and hexagon-shaped glasses. You can easily replicate this look at your next Sunday brunch with the girls. Scroll down to view all the celebrity-approved ways of wearing a cut-out dress.  Nushrat Bharucha Nushrat Bharucha styled this metallic, side cut-out dress by Rohit Gandhi and Rahul Khanna with a pair of high heels and pushed-back sleek hair. A party look you can easily imitate.  Janhvi KapoorJanhvi Kapoor raised the heat in this multiple cut-out, asymmetrical Basil Soda gown. The young actor complemented the ensemble with a pair of statement Sophie Webster heels and a stark red mouth. Pooja HegdePooja Hegde broke the solid colour monotony of this bright-coloured yellow dress with a pair of aqua-hued earrings. A smart styling hack you can incorporate in your next look.  Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor effortlessly worked the monochromatic, sequined, side cut-out dress by Prabal Gurung. The actor kept the rest of her look simple with a sleek ponytail, drop earrings and a hint of glitter on the lids. If less is more is your vibe, this look is tailor-made for you. Kiara AdvaniKiara Advani looked like a vision in this double textured, side cut-out dress. If you want to give the sequin and bright colour combination a rest, you can opt for this minimal-chic outfit by Prabal Gurung.					There is a nip in the air and the weather is finally getting pleasant. Although we do not get to enjoy the perks of a full-blown winter just yet, we can still relish the season with an upgraded wardrobe. A fail-safe trend you can bet on is the shirt dress, it’s cosy, comfortable and ultra-stylish. It’s basically a shirt sans the pants, but we’re not complaining.You can style it with a broad belt like Sonakshi Sinha, or wear it oversized like Malaika Arora. Layer it with a blazer and you’re boardroom ready, or team it with thigh-high boots for a night on the town. You can also make it your workwear staple like Meghan Markle who is an official fan of the buttoned-down shirt dress trend. We’ve rounded up a list of celebrity-approved shirt dress looks for you to take style inspiration from. Malaika AroraWant to achieve that laid-back, relaxed, chic look? Take cue from Malaika Arora who styled her oversized grey shirt with a pair of fiery red, ankle-length boots. Pooja HegdePooja Hegde upped her street-style game with this metallic blue, striped shirt, which she styled with a Gucci, belt bag and chained sunglasses. You can imitate this look if you want to give your basic shirt dress an upgrade. Sonam Kapoor AhujaSonam Kapoor Ahuja wore this black and white, Cover Story dress, designed by Karl Lagerfeld and teamed it with a pair of sleek, black boots. Demonstrating how to work this trend the old-school, classic way. Karisma KapoorIf the idea of wearing a plain shirt dress to work sounds mundane to you, layer it with a blazer and a pair of cool sneakers, just like Karisma Kapoor did. Shraddha KapoorInstead of digging deep in your closet to find that perfect party dress, borrow a formal shirt from your boyfriend, team it with a wide, waist-clenching belt and you have a winning look on your hands. Deepika PadukoneIf minimalism isn’t your thing and you’re all about those intricate details, opt for this long, form-flattering, knotted shirt dress by Rajesh Pratap. Ditch the jewellery, like Deepika Padukone, and allow the dress to take the centre stage. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon kept this day look fuss-free in an emerald green, shirt dress by Nupur Kanoi and styled it with a pair of closed-toe heels and geometrical earrings by Azotiique. Kriti KharbandaKriti Kharbanda was seen working the trend in this printed shirt dress and kept the rest of the look clean with just a high top-knot.   The most recurring sari during the festive season was the sequin laden six yards by Manish Malhotra, another innovative rendition of the classic silhouette by the couturier. The shimmer sari has become a go-to sartorial choice for almost every leading lady in Bollywood. The latest addition to the list is Bhumi Pednekar who opted for an off-white sequin sari, and teamed it with a dainty velvet blouse during her movie promotion. While Bhumi went for a classic-chic look, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen sporting a rose-pink sequin sari with a barely-there blouse. Kapoor Khan punctuated the risqué look with a layered diamond necklace and her signature makeup. Here’s our edit of all the versatile ways in which you can work this trend. Bhumi PednekarBhumi Pednekar is all about the less is more formula, seen here in an antique white, sequin sari and blouse, sans the jewellery. Tara Sutaria  The young and vivacious Tara Sutaria stepped out in a smoke grey, sequin sari and blouse combination for the recent Diwali festivities. To do justice to this all-embellished ensemble, Tara swapped heavy statement jewellery for a dainty layered necklace and complemented it with soft and peachy makeup. Natasha PoonawallaThe all-time advocate of all things extra, Natasha Poonawalla pulled all stops with this sage green sequin sari and styled it with an emerald green necklace, suitable for a Maharani. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon’s take on the trend was a little different from her contemporaries. She styled her shimmering sari with a strappy, backless blouse, chandelier earrings, deep smokey eyes and Mogra bearing low bun. Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor in a sequined black sari is a vision to behold. The actress paired her sari with a cutout blouse and kept the rest of her look minimal, keeping the entire focus on the traffic-stopping silhouette.  If you’re looking to elevate your festive wardrobe this season, take inspiration from these leading ladies who have opted for some unusual and gravity-defying blouse styles. From exaggerated shoulders to some risqué cuts with décolletage detail, these statement-making pieces are all you need. Traditional blouses are constantly being reinvented with a modern twist. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja kept it simple with a scarlet blouse, bearing an asymmetrical front opening. Sara Ali Khan opted for a sheer blouse with 3D floral applique. Want to step out of your comfort zone and experiment with your sartorial choices? Fret not, we’ve got you covered. Here’s our edit of all the styles in which you can interpret the unusual blouse trend. Ananya Pandayif you’re all about flaunting your curves, this barely-there, silver embellished blouse by Sabyasachi is perfect for you. Tara SutariaThis aqua blue, corset with an added rib cage detail by Papa don’t preach is the ideal fusion wear. Sara Ali KhanSara Ali Khan doesn’t play by the rule. Case in point – this all-black, power shouldered blouse with a 3D texture she was recently seen in. If you don’t like to keep it subtle, this Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla number is tailor-made for you. Shraddha KapoorShraddha Kapoor redefines elegance in this sage green, peplum blouse by Kresha Bajaj. Kriti SanonTrust Kriti Sanon to effortlessly work this metallic, hot pink, piece-of-art by Amit Aggarwal. Sonam Kapoor AhujaThis red, floral printed Vedika M blouse on Sonam Kapoor Ahuja may look simple to you from the front, but the back detail is where you get your money shot.Another day another Sonam Kapoor Ahuja outfit you bookmark for future reference. The actress styled this Tamil print sari by House of Masaba with an off-shouldered, balloon sleeved blouse. Priyanka Chopra JonasThe original desi girl raising the oomph factor in this printed Sabyasachi bralette, styled with a ruffled sari. Brownie points on keeping it subtle yet sensuous. Aditi Rao HydariKnown as the ethereal princess of Bollywood, Aditi Rao Hydari looked striking in this midnight-blue, semi-sheer, cut-out blouse by Falguni Shane Peacock. Katrina KaifIf there’s anybody who can work this plunging neckline, ruffle sleeved blouse by Manish Malhotra, it’s Katrina Kaif. Konkona SensharmaThe power-house actress has mastered the art of keeping it easy-chic. Seen here in a mandarin collared bubblegum pink blouse, paired with a smoke grey sari designed by Arjun Saluja. Jacqueline FernandezThe glamour goddess looked like a complete head turned in this rose pink, semi-sheer, ruffle sleeved blouse by Falguni Shane Peacock.																		Everything at the 72nd international Cannes film festival is making news since last 10 days, giving the fashion world its freshest lot to go gaga over. If you’re keeping an eye on all things trending, here are some of the latest looks from the French Riviera.   Bedazzling beautyAdriana Lima looks like a vision in this vivid violet haute couture. Teaming thigh-high slit with a halter neck style, and topping it up with matching earrings and lots and lots of shimmer, Lima’s style is on point!  Pink-a-tonLorena Rae features a sultry play of frills with just the right amount of shine in Rami Kadi. Raise a toast!Natasha Poly dressed in this Versace gown is elegance personified. Shades of Champaign meet subtle yet shiny makeup and a neat hairdo to perfect her look. If you forgot to notice it in Lima’s style, here’s another reason why you should go overboard when it comes to matching the outfit with your jewellery.  A cape escapeHuma Qureshi concluded her Cannes journey in Anamika Khanna, and we couldn’t have asked for a more gorgeous good bye!  Leather luxeNoel Capri goes bold and basic in a glossy, black Zuhair Murad couture.  Beaming ballerinaGet over little black dresses, red is taking over the season as Alina Baikova’s stuns in Zuhair Murad.  Roaring redDua Lipa is charming over the world with her songs as well as her unique sense of style. She lives up to our expectations as she steps in an extravagant ruffled red gown by Valentino. Asymmetrical cut, drop earrings, and glossy bun are some of the richest trends to take from this look.  Exquisite easeLipa keeps the drama going strong in a figure-hugging black silk dress. Her look wows with a dramatic heart choker that’s sure to rage this year!  Dress me daisyKendall Jenner blooms in a pink perfect dress!  Heaven’s harmonyEva Longoria redefines the modern-day angel in a glossy Alberta Ferretti gown.					Southern France gets lit as stars from all over the world flood the city to attend the 72nd Cannes Film Festival. We have hand-picked some of the most talked-about trends that won hearts on the second day of the event.  The classic red-n-goldAlessandra Ambrosio storms in a dramatic red gown, solidifying our love for thigh-high slits and knotted necklines.  Mermaid magicHina Khan’s Cannes debut is all things sparkle in a stunning silver gown by Ziad Nakad. Her look features the current rage of plunging neckline and peppy play of silver.  Flower powerElle Fanning takes a fresh spin on florals in a floaty dress, made more magical with a milkmaid braid.  Leather loveJulianne Moore comes dressed in a statement Louis Vuitton gown, throwing in just the right amount of leather luxe.  Pretty pastelsFrédérique Bel brings carefree pastel hues to the red carpet, and we’re in awe.  Team textureChris Lee make heads turn in Balmain suit with a strong take on texture.  Shine on shimmerAmber Heard oozes oodles of glam and glimmer, flaunting makeup by L’Oréal Paris. Formal-alleyMonia Chokri make basics look beguiling. Chic sleekSelena Gomez steal hearts in a gorgeous navy blue ensemble, donning a daring deep middle part.																		Step into summers with a fresh hair style to set the tone of the season right. Amp it up with a fresh colour hue, cut it short for a sassy touch-up, beat the heat with ponies and buns, or better still…feel the wind in your hair in style with an exaggerated side parting. Here’s how to take on the sunny spirit, this year:Cool colourWavy bobNaughty knotDeep side partOn-point pony Airport style has recently gained momentum, thanks to the growing paparazzi culture. Every celebrity has a distinctive travel style, but there’s a common love shared for the closet staple kurta. Instead of flexing their sartorial muscles in high-end, street-style brands, the leading ladies have chosen the simple kurta as their favourite. Of course, they amp it up with their Hermès Birkin and Gucci sunglasses, but the dainty kurta sets still takes the centre stage. While Deepika Padukone prefers her kurtas to be form-fitted in bright, jewel tones, Kareena Kapoor is a fan of over-sized kurtas in neutral shades. Scroll down for our edit of all the celebrity-approved kurtas you can incorporate in your travel style.  Kareena Kapoor Khan Setting unconventional fashion norms comes naturally to Kareena Kapoor Khan. Case in point, seen here in an olive-green kurta set, teamed with a leather jacket and a pair of trendy kicks, a look only she can pull.For another run to the airport, this time with her family, Kareena Kapoor Khan chose a mustard yellow kurta teamed with off-white flared pants, and tiny round sunglasses.  Deepika Padukone Deepika Padukone was recently seen at the airport in a fuchsia pink, embroidered kurta set by Lajjoo C. The actor styled her traditional ensemble with a pair of juttis and an ox-blood coloured bag.  Sara Ali Khan Sara Ali Khan’s choice of kurta set is an all-white ensemble with multi-coloured stripe detail. If a plain white kurta to the airport is too simple for you, try this upgraded version. Kangana Rananut A true advocate of all things classic, Kangana Rananut’s traditional style at the airport is understated and elegant. Pictured here in a muted beige, minimally embroidered kurta set, teamed with a nude bag and statement sunglasses.					Fall trends are officially making their way to your wardrobe! If you’re a fan of all things sassy, you’re going to love the idea of wearing your pantsuit with a bralette. Power suit, but make it sexy. Give your boardroom style a feminine touch by teaming it a dainty bralette, just like these leading actors did. While Katrina Kaif layered her embellished pantsuit on a delicate lace bra, Sonakshi Sinha and Jacqueline Fernandez opted for monotone pantsuits and bralette combinations. Putting their envy-inducing abs on display. Scroll down to find all the different ways in which the celebrities have styled their pantsuits with a sleek bralette. Bhumi PednekarBhumi Pednekar styled her shimmering, sequined suit with a barely-there embellished bra. Making a solid case for balanced opulent dressing. Ileana D’CruzIleana D’Cruz teamed her powder pink pantsuit with a textured bra, breaking the monotony of a plain old suit. Jacqueline FernandezJacqueline Fernandez chose a sunshine yellow suit and bralette, all in the same hue. Giving a lesson on how to work this trend in monotone. Sonakshi SinhaSonakshi Sinha gave her checkered suit a modern spin by layering it over a solid coloured bralette instead of a regular shirt.Sonakshi Sinha put her rock-solid abs on display in this over-sized, powder blue pantsuit, which she styled with a sports bra in a twin shade. Demonstrated the sporty-chic way of wearing the pantsuit with a bralette trend. Katrina KaifKatrina Kaif wore her silver, sequined pantsuit with a lacey bra, showcasing how to work two contrasting elements in the same ensemble.					Airport style has recently gained momentum, thanks to the growing paparazzi culture. Every celebrity has a distinctive travel style, but there’s a common love shared for the closet staple kurta. Instead of flexing their sartorial muscles in high-end, street-style brands, the leading ladies have chosen the simple kurta as their favourite. Of course, they amp it up with their Hermès Birkin and Gucci sunglasses, but the dainty kurta sets still takes the centre stage. While Deepika Padukone prefers her kurtas to be form-fitted in bright, jewel tones, Kareena Kapoor is a fan of over-sized kurtas in neutral shades. Scroll down for our edit of all the celebrity-approved kurtas you can incorporate in your travel style.  Kareena Kapoor Khan Setting unconventional fashion norms comes naturally to Kareena Kapoor Khan. Case in point, seen here in an olive-green kurta set, teamed with a leather jacket and a pair of trendy kicks, a look only she can pull.For another run to the airport, this time with her family, Kareena Kapoor Khan chose a mustard yellow kurta teamed with off-white flared pants, and tiny round sunglasses.  Deepika Padukone Deepika Padukone was recently seen at the airport in a fuchsia pink, embroidered kurta set by Lajjoo C. The actor styled her traditional ensemble with a pair of juttis and an ox-blood coloured bag.  Sara Ali Khan Sara Ali Khan’s choice of kurta set is an all-white ensemble with multi-coloured stripe detail. If a plain white kurta to the airport is too simple for you, try this upgraded version. Kangana Rananut A true advocate of all things classic, Kangana Rananut’s traditional style at the airport is understated and elegant. Pictured here in a muted beige, minimally embroidered kurta set, teamed with a nude bag and statement sunglasses.					Fall trends are officially making their way to your wardrobe! If you’re a fan of all things sassy, you’re going to love the idea of wearing your pantsuit with a bralette. Power suit, but make it sexy. Give your boardroom style a feminine touch by teaming it a dainty bralette, just like these leading actors did. While Katrina Kaif layered her embellished pantsuit on a delicate lace bra, Sonakshi Sinha and Jacqueline Fernandez opted for monotone pantsuits and bralette combinations. Putting their envy-inducing abs on display. Scroll down to find all the different ways in which the celebrities have styled their pantsuits with a sleek bralette. Bhumi PednekarBhumi Pednekar styled her shimmering, sequined suit with a barely-there embellished bra. Making a solid case for balanced opulent dressing. Ileana D’CruzIleana D’Cruz teamed her powder pink pantsuit with a textured bra, breaking the monotony of a plain old suit. Jacqueline FernandezJacqueline Fernandez chose a sunshine yellow suit and bralette, all in the same hue. Giving a lesson on how to work this trend in monotone. Sonakshi SinhaSonakshi Sinha gave her checkered suit a modern spin by layering it over a solid coloured bralette instead of a regular shirt.Sonakshi Sinha put her rock-solid abs on display in this over-sized, powder blue pantsuit, which she styled with a sports bra in a twin shade. Demonstrated the sporty-chic way of wearing the pantsuit with a bralette trend. Katrina KaifKatrina Kaif wore her silver, sequined pantsuit with a lacey bra, showcasing how to work two contrasting elements in the same ensemble.					Colour blocking is a versatile trend that is no longer restricted to just mixing two colours in an outfit. You can colour-block your look by teaming separates in two different hues or by teaming a singular-toned outfit with a contrasting coloured accessory or shoes. Bring out some bold hues and style them together like Alia Bhatt did; or break the monotony of solid black outfit with a dash of colour like Kareena Kapoor Khan. For those who aren’t a fan of busy prints and multiple elements, this trend is a perfect pick. Here’s our edit of all the celebrity-approved ways to flaunt the colour-block trend in style  Kareena Kapoor KhanEver thought two bright tones cannot work together? Take a cue from Kareena Kapoor Khan. The actor styled her aqua-blue bodysuit with a neon green, sequined, pencil skirt. Neutralising the look further with a pair of transparent, strappy heel.  Kriti SanonKriti Sanon effortlessly worked this form-fitting colour-blocked gown. She kept the rest of her look minimal with a pair of dainty, hoop earrings, and centre-parted hair.  Aditi Rao Hydari Aditi Rao Hydari demonstrated a distinctive of wearing the power suit. She opted for an ox-blood and burnt orange asymmetrical pantsuit, which she styled with a traditional choker.  Tara SutariTara Sutaria broke the monotony of her black and white outfit by teaming it with a bright neon skirt, another way of working the colour-block trend.  Athiya ShettyAthiya Shetty opted for a contrasting gown in lime green and beige, working two contradicting hues in the same outfit.  Alia BhattInstead of infusing multiple colours in the same outfit, Alia Bhatt chose contrasting separates in two bright hues, an innovative way of sporting the colour-block trend.					There are risqué trends, and then there is the cut-out dress trend. The peek-a-boo skin-show moment has an understated appeal to it. There are multiple ways in which you can wear the cut-out dress. The geometrical shape can be carved out from the centre, showing your toned midriff or from the sides and the back, accentuating your curves. Recently, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen in a lemon yellow, diamond-shaped, midriff cut-out dress by Dion Lee, at the trailer launch of her movie. The actor teamed the dress with a pair of strappy heels, dainty earrings and hexagon-shaped glasses. You can easily replicate this look at your next Sunday brunch with the girls. Scroll down to view all the celebrity-approved ways of wearing a cut-out dress.  Nushrat Bharucha Nushrat Bharucha styled this metallic, side cut-out dress by Rohit Gandhi and Rahul Khanna with a pair of high heels and pushed-back sleek hair. A party look you can easily imitate.  Janhvi KapoorJanhvi Kapoor raised the heat in this multiple cut-out, asymmetrical Basil Soda gown. The young actor complemented the ensemble with a pair of statement Sophie Webster heels and a stark red mouth. Pooja HegdePooja Hegde broke the solid colour monotony of this bright-coloured yellow dress with a pair of aqua-hued earrings. A smart styling hack you can incorporate in your next look.  Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor effortlessly worked the monochromatic, sequined, side cut-out dress by Prabal Gurung. The actor kept the rest of her look simple with a sleek ponytail, drop earrings and a hint of glitter on the lids. If less is more is your vibe, this look is tailor-made for you. Kiara AdvaniKiara Advani looked like a vision in this double textured, side cut-out dress. If you want to give the sequin and bright colour combination a rest, you can opt for this minimal-chic outfit by Prabal Gurung.					There is a nip in the air and the weather is finally getting pleasant. Although we do not get to enjoy the perks of a full-blown winter just yet, we can still relish the season with an upgraded wardrobe. A fail-safe trend you can bet on is the shirt dress, it’s cosy, comfortable and ultra-stylish. It’s basically a shirt sans the pants, but we’re not complaining.You can style it with a broad belt like Sonakshi Sinha, or wear it oversized like Malaika Arora. Layer it with a blazer and you’re boardroom ready, or team it with thigh-high boots for a night on the town. You can also make it your workwear staple like Meghan Markle who is an official fan of the buttoned-down shirt dress trend. We’ve rounded up a list of celebrity-approved shirt dress looks for you to take style inspiration from. Malaika AroraWant to achieve that laid-back, relaxed, chic look? Take cue from Malaika Arora who styled her oversized grey shirt with a pair of fiery red, ankle-length boots. Pooja HegdePooja Hegde upped her street-style game with this metallic blue, striped shirt, which she styled with a Gucci, belt bag and chained sunglasses. You can imitate this look if you want to give your basic shirt dress an upgrade. Sonam Kapoor AhujaSonam Kapoor Ahuja wore this black and white, Cover Story dress, designed by Karl Lagerfeld and teamed it with a pair of sleek, black boots. Demonstrating how to work this trend the old-school, classic way. Karisma KapoorIf the idea of wearing a plain shirt dress to work sounds mundane to you, layer it with a blazer and a pair of cool sneakers, just like Karisma Kapoor did. Shraddha KapoorInstead of digging deep in your closet to find that perfect party dress, borrow a formal shirt from your boyfriend, team it with a wide, waist-clenching belt and you have a winning look on your hands. Deepika PadukoneIf minimalism isn’t your thing and you’re all about those intricate details, opt for this long, form-flattering, knotted shirt dress by Rajesh Pratap. Ditch the jewellery, like Deepika Padukone, and allow the dress to take the centre stage. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon kept this day look fuss-free in an emerald green, shirt dress by Nupur Kanoi and styled it with a pair of closed-toe heels and geometrical earrings by Azotiique. Kriti KharbandaKriti Kharbanda was seen working the trend in this printed shirt dress and kept the rest of the look clean with just a high top-knot.   The most recurring sari during the festive season was the sequin laden six yards by Manish Malhotra, another innovative rendition of the classic silhouette by the couturier. The shimmer sari has become a go-to sartorial choice for almost every leading lady in Bollywood. The latest addition to the list is Bhumi Pednekar who opted for an off-white sequin sari, and teamed it with a dainty velvet blouse during her movie promotion. While Bhumi went for a classic-chic look, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen sporting a rose-pink sequin sari with a barely-there blouse. Kapoor Khan punctuated the risqué look with a layered diamond necklace and her signature makeup. Here’s our edit of all the versatile ways in which you can work this trend. Bhumi PednekarBhumi Pednekar is all about the less is more formula, seen here in an antique white, sequin sari and blouse, sans the jewellery. Tara Sutaria  The young and vivacious Tara Sutaria stepped out in a smoke grey, sequin sari and blouse combination for the recent Diwali festivities. To do justice to this all-embellished ensemble, Tara swapped heavy statement jewellery for a dainty layered necklace and complemented it with soft and peachy makeup. Natasha PoonawallaThe all-time advocate of all things extra, Natasha Poonawalla pulled all stops with this sage green sequin sari and styled it with an emerald green necklace, suitable for a Maharani. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon’s take on the trend was a little different from her contemporaries. She styled her shimmering sari with a strappy, backless blouse, chandelier earrings, deep smokey eyes and Mogra bearing low bun. Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor in a sequined black sari is a vision to behold. The actress paired her sari with a cutout blouse and kept the rest of her look minimal, keeping the entire focus on the traffic-stopping silhouette.  Colour blocking is a versatile trend that is no longer restricted to just mixing two colours in an outfit. You can colour-block your look by teaming separates in two different hues or by teaming a singular-toned outfit with a contrasting coloured accessory or shoes. Bring out some bold hues and style them together like Alia Bhatt did; or break the monotony of solid black outfit with a dash of colour like Kareena Kapoor Khan. For those who aren’t a fan of busy prints and multiple elements, this trend is a perfect pick. Here’s our edit of all the celebrity-approved ways to flaunt the colour-block trend in style  Kareena Kapoor KhanEver thought two bright tones cannot work together? Take a cue from Kareena Kapoor Khan. The actor styled her aqua-blue bodysuit with a neon green, sequined, pencil skirt. Neutralising the look further with a pair of transparent, strappy heel.  Kriti SanonKriti Sanon effortlessly worked this form-fitting colour-blocked gown. She kept the rest of her look minimal with a pair of dainty, hoop earrings, and centre-parted hair.  Aditi Rao Hydari Aditi Rao Hydari demonstrated a distinctive of wearing the power suit. She opted for an ox-blood and burnt orange asymmetrical pantsuit, which she styled with a traditional choker.  Tara SutariTara Sutaria broke the monotony of her black and white outfit by teaming it with a bright neon skirt, another way of working the colour-block trend.  Athiya ShettyAthiya Shetty opted for a contrasting gown in lime green and beige, working two contradicting hues in the same outfit.  Alia BhattInstead of infusing multiple colours in the same outfit, Alia Bhatt chose contrasting separates in two bright hues, an innovative way of sporting the colour-block trend.					There are risqué trends, and then there is the cut-out dress trend. The peek-a-boo skin-show moment has an understated appeal to it. There are multiple ways in which you can wear the cut-out dress. The geometrical shape can be carved out from the centre, showing your toned midriff or from the sides and the back, accentuating your curves. Recently, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen in a lemon yellow, diamond-shaped, midriff cut-out dress by Dion Lee, at the trailer launch of her movie. The actor teamed the dress with a pair of strappy heels, dainty earrings and hexagon-shaped glasses. You can easily replicate this look at your next Sunday brunch with the girls. Scroll down to view all the celebrity-approved ways of wearing a cut-out dress.  Nushrat Bharucha Nushrat Bharucha styled this metallic, side cut-out dress by Rohit Gandhi and Rahul Khanna with a pair of high heels and pushed-back sleek hair. A party look you can easily imitate.  Janhvi KapoorJanhvi Kapoor raised the heat in this multiple cut-out, asymmetrical Basil Soda gown. The young actor complemented the ensemble with a pair of statement Sophie Webster heels and a stark red mouth. Pooja HegdePooja Hegde broke the solid colour monotony of this bright-coloured yellow dress with a pair of aqua-hued earrings. A smart styling hack you can incorporate in your next look.  Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor effortlessly worked the monochromatic, sequined, side cut-out dress by Prabal Gurung. The actor kept the rest of her look simple with a sleek ponytail, drop earrings and a hint of glitter on the lids. If less is more is your vibe, this look is tailor-made for you. Kiara AdvaniKiara Advani looked like a vision in this double textured, side cut-out dress. If you want to give the sequin and bright colour combination a rest, you can opt for this minimal-chic outfit by Prabal Gurung.					There is a nip in the air and the weather is finally getting pleasant. Although we do not get to enjoy the perks of a full-blown winter just yet, we can still relish the season with an upgraded wardrobe. A fail-safe trend you can bet on is the shirt dress, it’s cosy, comfortable and ultra-stylish. It’s basically a shirt sans the pants, but we’re not complaining.You can style it with a broad belt like Sonakshi Sinha, or wear it oversized like Malaika Arora. Layer it with a blazer and you’re boardroom ready, or team it with thigh-high boots for a night on the town. You can also make it your workwear staple like Meghan Markle who is an official fan of the buttoned-down shirt dress trend. We’ve rounded up a list of celebrity-approved shirt dress looks for you to take style inspiration from. Malaika AroraWant to achieve that laid-back, relaxed, chic look? Take cue from Malaika Arora who styled her oversized grey shirt with a pair of fiery red, ankle-length boots. Pooja HegdePooja Hegde upped her street-style game with this metallic blue, striped shirt, which she styled with a Gucci, belt bag and chained sunglasses. You can imitate this look if you want to give your basic shirt dress an upgrade. Sonam Kapoor AhujaSonam Kapoor Ahuja wore this black and white, Cover Story dress, designed by Karl Lagerfeld and teamed it with a pair of sleek, black boots. Demonstrating how to work this trend the old-school, classic way. Karisma KapoorIf the idea of wearing a plain shirt dress to work sounds mundane to you, layer it with a blazer and a pair of cool sneakers, just like Karisma Kapoor did. Shraddha KapoorInstead of digging deep in your closet to find that perfect party dress, borrow a formal shirt from your boyfriend, team it with a wide, waist-clenching belt and you have a winning look on your hands. Deepika PadukoneIf minimalism isn’t your thing and you’re all about those intricate details, opt for this long, form-flattering, knotted shirt dress by Rajesh Pratap. Ditch the jewellery, like Deepika Padukone, and allow the dress to take the centre stage. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon kept this day look fuss-free in an emerald green, shirt dress by Nupur Kanoi and styled it with a pair of closed-toe heels and geometrical earrings by Azotiique. Kriti KharbandaKriti Kharbanda was seen working the trend in this printed shirt dress and kept the rest of the look clean with just a high top-knot.   The most recurring sari during the festive season was the sequin laden six yards by Manish Malhotra, another innovative rendition of the classic silhouette by the couturier. The shimmer sari has become a go-to sartorial choice for almost every leading lady in Bollywood. The latest addition to the list is Bhumi Pednekar who opted for an off-white sequin sari, and teamed it with a dainty velvet blouse during her movie promotion. While Bhumi went for a classic-chic look, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen sporting a rose-pink sequin sari with a barely-there blouse. Kapoor Khan punctuated the risqué look with a layered diamond necklace and her signature makeup. Here’s our edit of all the versatile ways in which you can work this trend. Bhumi PednekarBhumi Pednekar is all about the less is more formula, seen here in an antique white, sequin sari and blouse, sans the jewellery. Tara Sutaria  The young and vivacious Tara Sutaria stepped out in a smoke grey, sequin sari and blouse combination for the recent Diwali festivities. To do justice to this all-embellished ensemble, Tara swapped heavy statement jewellery for a dainty layered necklace and complemented it with soft and peachy makeup. Natasha PoonawallaThe all-time advocate of all things extra, Natasha Poonawalla pulled all stops with this sage green sequin sari and styled it with an emerald green necklace, suitable for a Maharani. Kriti SanonKriti Sanon’s take on the trend was a little different from her contemporaries. She styled her shimmering sari with a strappy, backless blouse, chandelier earrings, deep smokey eyes and Mogra bearing low bun. Karisma KapoorKarisma Kapoor in a sequined black sari is a vision to behold. The actress paired her sari with a cutout blouse and kept the rest of her look minimal, keeping the entire focus on the traffic-stopping silhouette.  If you’re looking to elevate your festive wardrobe this season, take inspiration from these leading ladies who have opted for some unusual and gravity-defying blouse styles. From exaggerated shoulders to some risqué cuts with décolletage detail, these statement-making pieces are all you need. Traditional blouses are constantly being reinvented with a modern twist. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja kept it simple with a scarlet blouse, bearing an asymmetrical front opening. Sara Ali Khan opted for a sheer blouse with 3D floral applique. Want to step out of your comfort zone and experiment with your sartorial choices? Fret not, we’ve got you covered. Here’s our edit of all the styles in which you can interpret the unusual blouse trend. Ananya Pandayif you’re all about flaunting your curves, this barely-there, silver embellished blouse by Sabyasachi is perfect for you. Tara SutariaThis aqua blue, corset with an added rib cage detail by Papa don’t preach is the ideal fusion wear. Sara Ali KhanSara Ali Khan doesn’t play by the rule. Case in point – this all-black, power shouldered blouse with a 3D texture she was recently seen in. If you don’t like to keep it subtle, this Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla number is tailor-made for you. Shraddha KapoorShraddha Kapoor redefines elegance in this sage green, peplum blouse by Kresha Bajaj. Kriti SanonTrust Kriti Sanon to effortlessly work this metallic, hot pink, piece-of-art by Amit Aggarwal. Sonam Kapoor AhujaThis red, floral printed Vedika M blouse on Sonam Kapoor Ahuja may look simple to you from the front, but the back detail is where you get your money shot.Another day another Sonam Kapoor Ahuja outfit you bookmark for future reference. The actress styled this Tamil print sari by House of Masaba with an off-shouldered, balloon sleeved blouse. Priyanka Chopra JonasThe original desi girl raising the oomph factor in this printed Sabyasachi bralette, styled with a ruffled sari. Brownie points on keeping it subtle yet sensuous. Aditi Rao HydariKnown as the ethereal princess of Bollywood, Aditi Rao Hydari looked striking in this midnight-blue, semi-sheer, cut-out blouse by Falguni Shane Peacock. Katrina KaifIf there’s anybody who can work this plunging neckline, ruffle sleeved blouse by Manish Malhotra, it’s Katrina Kaif. Konkona SensharmaThe power-house actress has mastered the art of keeping it easy-chic. Seen here in a mandarin collared bubblegum pink blouse, paired with a smoke grey sari designed by Arjun Saluja. Jacqueline FernandezThe glamour goddess looked like a complete head turned in this rose pink, semi-sheer, ruffle sleeved blouse by Falguni Shane Peacock.																		Everything at the 72nd international Cannes film festival is making news since last 10 days, giving the fashion world its freshest lot to go gaga over. If you’re keeping an eye on all things trending, here are some of the latest looks from the French Riviera.   Bedazzling beautyAdriana Lima looks like a vision in this vivid violet haute couture. Teaming thigh-high slit with a halter neck style, and topping it up with matching earrings and lots and lots of shimmer, Lima’s style is on point!  Pink-a-tonLorena Rae features a sultry play of frills with just the right amount of shine in Rami Kadi. Raise a toast!Natasha Poly dressed in this Versace gown is elegance personified. Shades of Champaign meet subtle yet shiny makeup and a neat hairdo to perfect her look. If you forgot to notice it in Lima’s style, here’s another reason why you should go overboard when it comes to matching the outfit with your jewellery.  A cape escapeHuma Qureshi concluded her Cannes journey in Anamika Khanna, and we couldn’t have asked for a more gorgeous good bye!  Leather luxeNoel Capri goes bold and basic in a glossy, black Zuhair Murad couture.  Beaming ballerinaGet over little black dresses, red is taking over the season as Alina Baikova’s stuns in Zuhair Murad.  Roaring redDua Lipa is charming over the world with her songs as well as her unique sense of style. She lives up to our expectations as she steps in an extravagant ruffled red gown by Valentino. Asymmetrical cut, drop earrings, and glossy bun are some of the richest trends to take from this look.  Exquisite easeLipa keeps the drama going strong in a figure-hugging black silk dress. Her look wows with a dramatic heart choker that’s sure to rage this year!  Dress me daisyKendall Jenner blooms in a pink perfect dress!  Heaven’s harmonyEva Longoria redefines the modern-day angel in a glossy Alberta Ferretti gown.					Southern France gets lit as stars from all over the world flood the city to attend the 72nd Cannes Film Festival. We have hand-picked some of the most talked-about trends that won hearts on the second day of the event.  The classic red-n-goldAlessandra Ambrosio storms in a dramatic red gown, solidifying our love for thigh-high slits and knotted necklines.  Mermaid magicHina Khan’s Cannes debut is all things sparkle in a stunning silver gown by Ziad Nakad. Her look features the current rage of plunging neckline and peppy play of silver.  Flower powerElle Fanning takes a fresh spin on florals in a floaty dress, made more magical with a milkmaid braid.  Leather loveJulianne Moore comes dressed in a statement Louis Vuitton gown, throwing in just the right amount of leather luxe.  Pretty pastelsFrédérique Bel brings carefree pastel hues to the red carpet, and we’re in awe.  Team textureChris Lee make heads turn in Balmain suit with a strong take on texture.  Shine on shimmerAmber Heard oozes oodles of glam and glimmer, flaunting makeup by L’Oréal Paris. Formal-alleyMonia Chokri make basics look beguiling. Chic sleekSelena Gomez steal hearts in a gorgeous navy blue ensemble, donning a daring deep middle part.																		Step into summers with a fresh hair style to set the tone of the season right. Amp it up with a fresh colour hue, cut it short for a sassy touch-up, beat the heat with ponies and buns, or better still…feel the wind in your hair in style with an exaggerated side parting. Here’s how to take on the sunny spirit, this year:Cool colourWavy bobNaughty knotDeep side partOn-point pony If you’re looking to elevate your festive wardrobe this season, take inspiration from these leading ladies who have opted for some unusual and gravity-defying blouse styles. From exaggerated shoulders to some risqué cuts with décolletage detail, these statement-making pieces are all you need. Traditional blouses are constantly being reinvented with a modern twist. While Sonam Kapoor Ahuja kept it simple with a scarlet blouse, bearing an asymmetrical front opening. Sara Ali Khan opted for a sheer blouse with 3D floral applique. Want to step out of your comfort zone and experiment with your sartorial choices? Fret not, we’ve got you covered. Here’s our edit of all the styles in which you can interpret the unusual blouse trend. Ananya Pandayif you’re all about flaunting your curves, this barely-there, silver embellished blouse by Sabyasachi is perfect for you. Tara SutariaThis aqua blue, corset with an added rib cage detail by Papa don’t preach is the ideal fusion wear. Sara Ali KhanSara Ali Khan doesn’t play by the rule. Case in point – this all-black, power shouldered blouse with a 3D texture she was recently seen in. If you don’t like to keep it subtle, this Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla number is tailor-made for you. Shraddha KapoorShraddha Kapoor redefines elegance in this sage green, peplum blouse by Kresha Bajaj. Kriti SanonTrust Kriti Sanon to effortlessly work this metallic, hot pink, piece-of-art by Amit Aggarwal. Sonam Kapoor AhujaThis red, floral printed Vedika M blouse on Sonam Kapoor Ahuja may look simple to you from the front, but the back detail is where you get your money shot.Another day another Sonam Kapoor Ahuja outfit you bookmark for future reference. The actress styled this Tamil print sari by House of Masaba with an off-shouldered, balloon sleeved blouse. Priyanka Chopra JonasThe original desi girl raising the oomph factor in this printed Sabyasachi bralette, styled with a ruffled sari. Brownie points on keeping it subtle yet sensuous. Aditi Rao HydariKnown as the ethereal princess of Bollywood, Aditi Rao Hydari looked striking in this midnight-blue, semi-sheer, cut-out blouse by Falguni Shane Peacock. Katrina KaifIf there’s anybody who can work this plunging neckline, ruffle sleeved blouse by Manish Malhotra, it’s Katrina Kaif. Konkona SensharmaThe power-house actress has mastered the art of keeping it easy-chic. Seen here in a mandarin collared bubblegum pink blouse, paired with a smoke grey sari designed by Arjun Saluja. Jacqueline FernandezThe glamour goddess looked like a complete head turned in this rose pink, semi-sheer, ruffle sleeved blouse by Falguni Shane Peacock.																		Everything at the 72nd international Cannes film festival is making news since last 10 days, giving the fashion world its freshest lot to go gaga over. If you’re keeping an eye on all things trending, here are some of the latest looks from the French Riviera.   Bedazzling beautyAdriana Lima looks like a vision in this vivid violet haute couture. Teaming thigh-high slit with a halter neck style, and topping it up with matching earrings and lots and lots of shimmer, Lima’s style is on point!  Pink-a-tonLorena Rae features a sultry play of frills with just the right amount of shine in Rami Kadi. Raise a toast!Natasha Poly dressed in this Versace gown is elegance personified. Shades of Champaign meet subtle yet shiny makeup and a neat hairdo to perfect her look. If you forgot to notice it in Lima’s style, here’s another reason why you should go overboard when it comes to matching the outfit with your jewellery.  A cape escapeHuma Qureshi concluded her Cannes journey in Anamika Khanna, and we couldn’t have asked for a more gorgeous good bye!  Leather luxeNoel Capri goes bold and basic in a glossy, black Zuhair Murad couture.  Beaming ballerinaGet over little black dresses, red is taking over the season as Alina Baikova’s stuns in Zuhair Murad.  Roaring redDua Lipa is charming over the world with her songs as well as her unique sense of style. She lives up to our expectations as she steps in an extravagant ruffled red gown by Valentino. Asymmetrical cut, drop earrings, and glossy bun are some of the richest trends to take from this look.  Exquisite easeLipa keeps the drama going strong in a figure-hugging black silk dress. Her look wows with a dramatic heart choker that’s sure to rage this year!  Dress me daisyKendall Jenner blooms in a pink perfect dress!  Heaven’s harmonyEva Longoria redefines the modern-day angel in a glossy Alberta Ferretti gown.					Southern France gets lit as stars from all over the world flood the city to attend the 72nd Cannes Film Festival. We have hand-picked some of the most talked-about trends that won hearts on the second day of the event.  The classic red-n-goldAlessandra Ambrosio storms in a dramatic red gown, solidifying our love for thigh-high slits and knotted necklines.  Mermaid magicHina Khan’s Cannes debut is all things sparkle in a stunning silver gown by Ziad Nakad. Her look features the current rage of plunging neckline and peppy play of silver.  Flower powerElle Fanning takes a fresh spin on florals in a floaty dress, made more magical with a milkmaid braid.  Leather loveJulianne Moore comes dressed in a statement Louis Vuitton gown, throwing in just the right amount of leather luxe.  Pretty pastelsFrédérique Bel brings carefree pastel hues to the red carpet, and we’re in awe.  Team textureChris Lee make heads turn in Balmain suit with a strong take on texture.  Shine on shimmerAmber Heard oozes oodles of glam and glimmer, flaunting makeup by L’Oréal Paris. Formal-alleyMonia Chokri make basics look beguiling. Chic sleekSelena Gomez steal hearts in a gorgeous navy blue ensemble, donning a daring deep middle part.					