 Perverze is the burgeoning Tokyo-based, avant-garde street label taking off in global proportions. The brand is comprised of an on-going collaboration between creative visionaries in Japan, and founded on the retro styles of the 80s and 90s counterculture. Despite the decline of fashion retailers in recent years, Perverze is one of Japan's fastest-growing fashion startups. From shredded knits to tailored coats and bucket hats, the brand champions it's vintage aesthetic with modern functionality.  With recent media frenzy, Perverze has teamed up with Assembly NY to launch it's official U.S. presence. Starting November 15th, the Fall/Winter 2019 collection will be on display in New York's Lower East Side for a month-long showcase. Although this pop-up will be brief, Perverze has no plans to slow down any time soon. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On a mid-fall afternoon, Graham Tyler and I sat down at the High Line Hotel. Surrounded by its collegiate gothic-style architecture and mid-19th-century mementos, we reflect on the time ambiguousness of it— much like his work. Once a student of sculpture and millinery, Tyler found his craft somewhere between bespoke and ready-to-wear, although, he’s not the typical trend-leaning, Instagram-hype designer we’ve become accustomed to. Rather, he’s more introspective, and frankly, unparalleled in his skill. Blending Renaissance, Edwardian, and Victorian silhouettes, Graham modernizes each garment reference through a contemporary lens. In conversation, we spoke of his interests, inspirations, and career from past to present.  How did you decide to study sculpture at Cleveland Institute of Art, and how did that lead you to your millinery apprenticeship with Marta Glazen? I started with painting, and my work was about the body. When it came to actually choosing my major, I ended up going with sculpture because I was more interested in tactile 3d works at the time. And again, I was making a lot of things about the body. From there, I realized I really wanted to learn a craft and wanted to have a skill— a real solid craft skill set. I was looking around at what would be of interest to me, and then I became kind of obsessive about really fascinating textiles. So just in happenstance, I found a woman in Cleveland that was taking an apprentice. Her name was Marta, and she took me in very kindly, and it was very intense; it was about two years with her. Two years, for five, maybe six days a week. I learned a lot from her. She's worked with everybody, and she was wonderful.  How did you decide to switch from sculpture to hats to ready to wear? I was making headwear for a lot of different people in New York, from stylists to runway to a lot of nightlife personalities. People would constantly ask me, "Can you make a garment to go with the hats that your making?" So I thought that I probably should learn how to make clothes. I was making a lot of clothing and headwear. Then, some of the designers that I was working with for their own lines  said, "Just start your own thing."  You went on to make custom headwear for Lady Gaga, Barneys NY, Adam Selman, and Polo Ralph Lauren, to name a few. What were those experiences like? Ralph Lauren for Polo was a full-time day job, and I was doing headwear. That was a really great experience of learning the ins and outs of a brand and how a brand functions at that scale. It's especially nice to work at a brand with such a specific aesthetic. When it comes to celebrities, I work with a few different stylists and such. I largely work with Zaldy, who is a big costume designer. He used to be the designer for LAMB for Gwen Stefani. I worked with him, and it's a really great relationship because he can transfer the information and the aesthetic that they're looking for quite easily. Celebrity work can be tricky because we both come to the table with totally different aesthetics. So I try to translate their thoughts and their words through my hand, which can be kind of a tedious process. It's a lot of give and take on that, but in the end, it's fun. Speaking of costume design— have you ever considered crossing over into that category? I mean, I now understand why Christian Lacroix decided to be a costume designer. Because there's a lot more freedom in that— I don't think I would, because I don't feel that my clothes and the topics that I'm discussing in my work translate well on stage, so I probably would never become a costume designer. None of my clothes have any historical accuracy. I'm usually re-cutting a historical garment into something totally different, or I cut a jacket as a shirt, and I cut a corset as a jacket. I kind of am shifting and re-translating and re-curating things. Your silhouettes are a modern and original take on historical fashion with an emphasis on curved seams, leg of mutton sleeves, corsets, suit vests, and so on. What era's in fashion do you find most influential to you? And do you see a resurgence in antiquated-style clothing? I think the world is consistently reflexive. I think that that is relevant to me. I do see a resurgence in— at least currently, there's a lot of Victorian and Edwardian references transpiring. Especially with puffed sleeves, these are quite popular at the moment. The most recent collection was largely about Mary Shelley and her husband and the Pforzheimer collection at the New York Public Library, which focuses on 1819 to 1845. I mainly stuck to that time period as to the corsets, jackets, and shirts that I was cutting— I was referencing those styles. My work blends Renaissance, Edwardian, Victorian, and some extremely contemporary styles of cutting so that things never feel historical, and they never feel contemporary. They always feel like this very time ambiguous work, which I think is a new way of making clothes — to be very time ambiguous about the way that you're working. Overarchingly, people describe my work as being very Amish. I definitely take that as a compliment, just because I think I cut very graphic shapes, but with very tactile textiles and very hand ROT textiles- and that's kind of an Amish practice. The wonderful thing about Amish is that they look the same today as they did, and they do still.  Speaking of your SS20 collection, "The Origin of Failure," what's the meaning behind this title? It's a long, drawn-out situation. Though the collection was about the Pforzheimer collection and Mary Shelley and her husband, it also was in tandem with trying to figure out what contemporarily is a Romantics approach to making things. I was really inspired by glitch art — also, the act of being romantic about pixelated data. A lot of the prints were all glitched out. I was glitching the images with the love letters. I was typing the love letters into the code of the photos and glitching them through that by putting too much data into the back end. So the long drawn out part of it is that there's only one real piece of critical academic writing about the glitch art that's called The Aesthetics of Post-Digital Objects, I believe. It refers to a glitch as the origin of failure. I was really fascinated by that term. Also, it's terminology as linked to Mary Shelley's obsession with failure in her book and most of her literature, but especially in Frankenstein. What were some of your other points of inspiration for the collection?  I was looking at one specific love letter, which is dated August 23rd — my birthday, that Mary Shelley's husband sent to her. Then when he passed away, she rewrote it, and the rewritten version is at the library. That was the main graphic, and then I referenced for the styles that I was cutting a few original Parisian fashion magazines from the early 1800s, these little women's books. Then a diary-slash-entertainment book that a woman named Anne Wagner kept, and I created a dress using her entire book that I reprint. That dress now will be in the permanent collection of the Phorzheimer. They have bought it, and it'll be the only piece of contemporary clothing that exists in their archive, which is really wonderful. Those are the main things that I was focusing on visually.  Do you have a favorite piece from this collection? The jacquard triptych. The three-piece suit that had their love letters and embroidered into it was my favorite look. That garment is made with this new technology that I'm working on with a computer weaving company in California to be able to create jacquard garments with no wastage. That's how the Mary Shelley corset was also created. They normally create a lot of wastage to make that work.  Art plays an innate influence in your work. Do you prefer antiquity or modern art? It's a big mix in between. I don't think there's an art style that I don't like for the most part, but I'm not a big Surrealist fan. There are a few artists that I'm always thinking about, but I only look at historical art when it's when it pertains to a specific topic. I know the Smithsonian Institution in DC was an important gallery to you growing up. What's your favorite museum today? As a child, we went to that museum almost every summer in DC. There's a Vermeer room that was important to me, and the room about Alexander Calder in the Modern was significant for me as a kid. The feeling of uncanniness inspired me in his work. I recently went to the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum. That was probably the most fantastic art experience I've had because it's really beautiful to experience art of that nature and of that caliber on non-white institutional walls. What are some of your favorite art movements and painters? My favorite artist is Joseph Cornell, who created these incredible little boxes filled with objects. He dealt with melancholy, nostalgia, and love in the same way that I do. I have a soft spot for miniatures and small works of art. I am more inspired by the underpaintings of paintings than I am of the paintings themselves. The color palettes from my work are based on Versailles' underpaintings, which are black and white paintings that they do before they do the painting on top. Any of the artists in the Baroque time period did that a lot. I look at Baroque paintings and Baroque unfinished works of art quite often. I also look at Jasper Johns work a lot. Currently, there's an artist Jefferson Hayman. He's a photographer, and he does these really beautiful little photographs that are my current obsession. Your last two collections have focused on the use of muted colors. Why are you more drawn to grays and blacks, and do you plan on reintroducing color in future collections? I'm partially color blind, and managing all of those colors was very hard for me. I realized I was in a very different place at that point in time. The short answer is no; I won't be going back to color. I consider those first two collections iterations of me attempting to figure out what I wanted to make. Then the most recent collections are me telling the world what I am making and what I am planning to continue to make. Gray, black and white will always be the base, and I will softly incorporate beiges and taupes and rusts, and some kind of soft lilacs. Everything else will stay rooted in those colors. I also like that you could, in theory, take any piece from those collections and moving forward be able to put them together because colors will always match up. I think that's important for the people who look at the clothes and also wear them. How do you achieve your impeccable tailoring? What's your trial and error process like while developing silhouettes each collection? My suits are sewn by hand. They are quite meticulously sewn, and I make all of the patterns and samples.  I keep everything really structured, largely just because I'm drawn to those really aesthetic lines. It was more so a very long learning curve to have to teach myself how to sew a suit like that. I was looking at a lot of old designer suits who made stunning haute couture suits. That's where I learned how to make the ones that I make now. So what's next?  I'm launching e-commerce in the next month or so with some of our core styles and shapes. I am really focusing on the dress shirts. That's kind of everyone's favorite item from us. I'm currently in the Elaine Gold Launch Pad program, so lots of things to come through the CFDA and the EGLP. Then I am already starting the textile development process. The process is very long, and we create entirely new textiles every season, almost every textile is exclusive to the brand. I'm in the process of ideation and also agreements between what collection I'm going to be allowed to use next. There's a lot of logistical things with these collections, so I'm working on what collection I'll be using next. Clothing: Graham Tyler ‘The Origin of Failure’ Produced and Directed by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: Jack Belli Styled by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Mia Varrone Model: Inga Dezhina at Supreme Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Veronica Vilim, Luka Sabbat. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Frida Aasen, Laquan Smith, Daniela Braga, Robin Holzken. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Lion Babe. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Beau Jangless. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  LaQuan Smith. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Aamito Lagum. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA Photo by Avi Gill Last Thursday, New York designer LaQuan Smith and cherub denim brand, Jordache, celebrated its capsule collection at Cipriani's private club, Socialista. Elsa Hosk, Luka Sabbat, Danielle Herrington, and Elisa Johnson, to name a few, sported their Jordache x LaQuan Smith looks as they wined, dined, and grooved to an impromptu performance by Lion Babe. The collaboration, displayed in Smith's Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, is inspired by the NYC nightlife, offering a fresh and reinterpreted version of Jordache's playful denim silhouettes. To view the full collection debuted in LaQuan Smith SS20 click here. Photo by Avi Gill Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Kelcie Schofield is the founder and designer of the contemporary clothing label, CIE Denim. Conceived in 2018, Kelcie fills a gap in her industry by reusing and reworking pre-existing denim as well as solidifying a new and less toxic manufacturing process. Whether it’s restructured silhouettes, deadstock materials, or Naveena Mills’ cutting edge Horizon fabric, CIE represents the future of manufactured denim in our increasingly destructive global climate.  In addition to responsible garments, Kelcie melds this effort with creative design applications— each piece one of a kind. With flipped pockets on the ankle hem, an upside-down jean fit, and color-blocked seams, each design reflects a unique twist on traditional denim norms. Post Spring/ Summer 2020 presentation, Flaunt spoke with Schofield to discuss the past, present, and future of CIE Denim. Tell us about the inception of CIE. CIE was started from our two core silhouettes - our upside-down jeans and shorts. I wanted to create an item that made heads turn (literally) but could also be worn day to day. How do you aim to be a new and unique voice in the industry of denim? Every piece we come out with should have something that gives it an extra spark. We’re here to make unique investment pieces that you feel good about buying.  How do you view sustainability as an essential component of the current fashion climate? That’s exactly how I view it - an essential component. Sustainability, for me, is a non-negotiable for any new business to find success in the current climate. Since I launched CIE in 2018, there has been a noticeable change in the industry and how customers view their clothing.  What are your efforts in regards to sustainability? Explain your “slow-fashion” philosophy. I have two sustainable mediums I work with right now. The first and the essence of what built CIE is reworked vintage. Even for our knits, we reworked Hanes T-shirts. Using fully recycled materials creates an exciting challenge for each style that I enjoy working through. For the sustainably manufactured denim that we source through Naveena Mills, we do fully “new” jeans made entirely from the Naveena fabric as well as combining the new fabric with vintage materials.  How do you believe denim will evolve in years to come? I think sustainability will continue to be a driving force in the denim industry. My hope is that companies established and emerging will embrace responsible practices. It’s slowly transitioning, but it’s not quite there yet.  What’s next for CIE? More learning and growing! We plan to push the brand into unexplored territories, whether it’s new materials or new silhouettes.  Clothing: CIE Denim SS20 Photography by: Phoenix Johnson Model: Lyn Hersh Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli. Creative director Wil Beedle hosted an event in honor of AllSaints 25th anniversary.  Accompanied by musical guests such as Flaunt Fave Arsun Sorrenti, the night was a classic celebration at Chateau Marmont’s bungalow 1. Hoards of the coolest kids hung out chain smoking by the pool while a DJ set by Hateboy got the rocking crowd weirding out to some house tracks. The influence soaked crowd included Ariel Beesley, Bec Adams, Ally HilFiger, Amanda Steele, Eddie Mitsou, Gavin Turek, Finneas, Kate Parfet, Kilo Kish, Marta Pozzan, Rainsford, Salem Mitchell, Sara Cummings Zach VIlla, and a host of other Beauts. Photographed by David Vassalli. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The contemporary retail concept, Maiden Name, is the brainchild of Alix Freireich, and David Lê. While the founders met at Vassar College, they reunited to bridge a gap in the interconnected realm of e-commerce. With assistance from Jesse Hudnutt and Susan Lee, the four embark on a journey to reconnect the roots which link fashion and fine art.  Following a seasonal calendar, Maiden Name will organize its collections as an online, and interdisciplinary group show; showcasing exclusive artist collaborations alongside in-house women’s apparel. Like a chest full of curated gold, Maiden Name may hold the key to your future treasures.  In a recent conversation, Flaunt spoke with the founders to discuss the start of this forward-thinking, art formed, and eco-minded community. Tell us about the genesis of your retail concept, Maiden Name. Maiden Name really emerged out of our own sense that we didn't have a place where we loved to shop. It also came out of an acknowledgment that we spend a lot of time shopping and consuming media online, and those activities all seem to take place in the same dead, zombified e-comm context. So when we found ourselves with an opportunity to share work we love, made by people we love, alongside the apparel we make, it felt like there was an opening to use e-comm differently. We call ourselves "Maiden Name" because we want to highlight the people and stories (the "maiden names") that usually get erased when things enter the public sphere. And we wanted to keep this feminist gesture, insisting on a kind of independence, even as we credited those that came before us. Tihngs by Eric Oglander Photo by David Behl What are your thoughts on the link between fine art and fashion? We think about this a lot, in part because we need to protect the fine artists we work with, and an association with fashion can make their work seem trivial. That's just a fact, even though, by and large, we think it's bunk. We think of artist/designers like Sonia Delaunay, or photographers like Grete Stern and Ilse Bing, who all straddled the worlds of art and fashion and did great work (a full century before Sterling Ruby and Cindy Sherman!). That's why we highlight them on our Instagram @maiden.name.store. But we do recognize the need to let art and fashion excel on their own terms. We want to produce fashion that's technically perfect, that's beautiful. Our objects are freer, in some ways, to be about other things––they can be "about" history; they can be weird, or conceptual. What unifies everything is our sense of our customer's needs––they want beautiful, thoughtful, well-made clothes, and they want to collect beautiful, thoughtful, and well-made objects. What influenced the first womenswear collection? The collection draws on Alix's archival research, so it brings together 19th-century reference pieces and touches of the 1970s, modernized and rendered in high-quality materials. The Zoe Shirt, for example, is modeled on an Edwardian grandfather shirt that was still in great condition because it was made in silk. Ours is silk too, and we hope it also lasts a century. We describe the core concept as "70s Renaissance Fair," which sounds odd, but the end products are all meant to be totally wearable and versatile. We want them to be sexy and smart. And it felt like that was missing from what's out there now.   How does sustainability play a part in your collections? Sustainability is core to what we're trying to achieve. We make everything here in NYC, so it's a local supply chain. We use deadstock material, and because our production runs are so small, the wastage is minimal. More broadly, we need to slow consumption down (which is an odd thing for a fashion company to acknowledge). But we want customers to buy less and buy better. Our next step is to scale up in ways that will allow us to ensure sustainability from raw materials to end product. That's a challenge, particularly when you're small. You feature collaborative work with Paul Arnhold’s hand-blown glass and Eric Oglander’s collection of 19th and 20th-century folk art. What prompted the choice of these artists for your first collection?  Paul is a dear friend making very beautiful work here in Brooklyn. That was a no-brainer. We found Eric through his "Craigslist Mirrors" project (@craigslist_mirrors) his Instagram-based collection of images, sourced from Craigslist, of mirrors for sale. We thought that was brilliant. And his Tihngs project is too. Both Eric and Paul have such distinct points of view (and are making work that is almost diametrically opposed, formally). So they seemed like great partners to open the collection with. Indigo Vase by Paul Arnhold Photo by David Behl What are your favorite pieces from your inaugural collection? We love the Tamara Top. It almost verges into historical costume, but doesn't, and ends up being so cool. We also love the Tramp Box, which is sculptural, and modern, and old at the same time, and the Graffiti Vase, which is kind of a twisted take on Paul's other work. And we love the framed set of Leung Kui Ting prints––they look simple, but the more time you spend with them, the more you like them. That's always the real test when you collect.  How do you envision the growth of Maiden Name? I think first and foremost we want Maiden Name to build out the line beyond shirting. We also want to have more of a physical presence. It's hard to communicate something like the perfect fit, or the beauty of hand painting without having people see things in the real world. At the same time, we want to expand our digital presence and knit together a community, folding in our friends in Berlin (at the end of 2019) and then with more cities in 2020. Photography by: Matt Grubb Styling by: Gabriel Held Model: Fiffany Luu Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   While the fashion industry is backed by an insatiable appetite for the new, we find ourselves in a current climate of trying to stay well-fed, while simultaneously reminding ourselves the importance of sustainability. These three young designers have found a way to bring forth something innovative, while also holding themselves accountable. We have Bethany Williams, conceptualizing clothing with a focus on social issues, Christopher John Rogers, designing for those influencing radical change, and Emily Adams Bode, sourcing from the past to create something for the now. Interviewed by Mui-Hai Chu Photo courtesy Bethany Williams What drew to design? My love for fabric construction, and how design can be used to find solutions. I read your mom help knit and create pieces for you. Was she ever in fashion as well? She used to be a pattern cutter for factory in Liverpool,  and now she does soft furnishings and she also does my netting as well. Obviously your family is really important to you. You grew up in Liverpool?  I was born in Liverpool but then I grew up on the Isle of Man. It’s such a small tight-knit community. Loads of things are locally produced and there weren’t many main stores growing up. How do you describe your design process? It always starts with an issue I am trying to solve and then we work with a charity that tries to talk about that issue. What issues are you looking forward to promoting? I think for the next collection I’m working with a charity that makes temporary housing for women and children. Who would you say are your inspiration or muses? I love other designers like Walter Van Beirendonck I’ve been a massive fan girl for a while. Do you have any type of life inspiration outside of fashion? I do like artists like Egon Schiele. I really love his work. My inspiration is probably my family.  What do you think are the bigger challenges you face trying to be sustainable? I think sourcing is a massive one, as is pricing, and having things available. How do you decide to up-cycle a piece? How does the process come about?  It kind of depends on the project we’re doing. We will be doing the collection and there are staples that we always upcycle. I’m trying to introduce more and more. Where do you hope to see yourself in the next five years? I would like to start my own social manufacturing project in the UK. Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy  Christopher John Rogers To start at the beginning, what drew you to design?  Anime, manga, and cartoons—especially people with special powers. The ability for clothing to help people self-actualize and to give them a newfound confidence. You grew up in Louisiana. What effect, if any, did growing up in the south have on your creative evolution?   A real sense of polish and refinement is found in the South – especially in the Black Church. Spending time with my mother and grandmother in church helped me curate an eye for the finish and cut of clothing and has been an inspiration for me ever since. How would you describe your design process?  I'd describe it as visceral. Although I try to be strategic, I'm ultimately extremely influenced by my intuition, emotion, and heavily inspired by color. As a recent graduate, what is the best advice you've received from your mentors at SCAD?  Work hard and stay true to yourself. There are always people that might be more talented or more privileged than you, but hard work and humility know no bounds.  Where do you find inspiration? Everywhere! Debris on the side of the street, mid-century couture, things my friends are wearing, et You've dressed people from Cardi B to Michelle Obama. Having worked with so many influential figures, is there a lasting moment with one that stands out to you the most?  To work with a woman that's equally revered for her intellect and passion, as well as her individualistic sense of style, is definitely a highlight. My family was also extremely proud of me, so that's a plus! Where do you see the fashion industry headed in the next 5 years?  A sense of increased accountability and transparency that's come with the proliferation of social media. I think we're going to see a complete upheaval of the traditional ways of showing and interacting with fashion. Tell us about your fall collection.  Stonehenge, quinceañeras, and Dr. Seuss. What's next?  Everything! We're working on our Spring 2020 collection and are also finalists for the CFDA Vogue Fashion Fund, so we're working our tails off! Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Where are you from, and how has that made an impression on you creatively? I’m from Atlanta. My parents were from Massachusetts, so I spent a lot of time in Cape Cod. I have this juxtaposition of New England and the South. The effect Atlanta had on me was not only the southern hospitality, but a lot about celebrating craft and culture. Tell us about the moment you knew you wanted to become a designer.   In high school, I was taking extracurricular art classes, like how to draw, technical fashion. I also took a croquis drawing class, and it must’ve been junior year that I knew that I wanted to be a designer as a career choice. I went to Parsons for menswear design and I went to Eugene Lang for philosophy. In what ways does the study of philosophy and your interest in fashion design connect? I think it’s primarily the way that I come up with a narrative for the season, and what sorts of questions in culture—my culture, other people’s culture and tradition—should be asked and should be addressed. How to talk about the historical narrative around clothing, and dressing. You’re known for re-contextualizing materials in a lot of your garments, many of which are vintage textiles. How did you get into the textile portion of it? Since I was a little kid, I had been interested in buying antiques and all of the historical narratives alongside that. We would go to all of these antique markets in Atlanta, and flea markets in New England, in and around Massachusetts. Why design menswear? I went to school for it, but I’ve always been interested in designing for someone outside of myself. Tell us about your fall collection. That collection was inspired by a narrative around gallerist Todd Alden, who is an ephemera dealer in downtown New York. I worked with him and talked to him about his life, collecting, what sorts of things inspired him to collect, where he lives, history of that location, his family history, how he came to become a curator, and the moment he opened his own gallery. Where abouts do you find inspiration? Following the life of someone and their relationship to objects, the domestic space, and the traditions that have shaped their lifestyle. Do you ever see yourself getting into womenswear? Not right now. We have a bunch of stores that pick it up as women’s, but it is traditionally a menswear brand. In the future maybe we’ll have a different conversation around that. What’s next?  Right now, we’re working on production, but really building out our own manufacturing space. Most of the collections we make in New York is made in our own studio, so building that out is the next step.  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Images courtesy Bethany Williams. Images courtesy Christopher John Rogers. Images courtesy Emily Adams Bode.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. A brand that makes style, comfort, and practicability a priority while making sure to evoke confidence, Knorts recently launched a new collection called, Scarlet Knorts. Color is the main factor of enhancing the garments’ attributes. Traditionally, Knorts has used the color blue which represents calmness, coolness, stability, and reliability, which are all components of confidence and is the signature color of their denim wear.  Knorts’ new capsule collection, Scarlet Knorts, incorporates the feelings associated with the color red. This collection aims to evoke strength, warmth, comfort, love, and power into the customers’ everyday life. Befitting to their aim, these characteristics can also support the feeling of confidence. There are future plans to create more color capsules to keep both the brand and wearers in an emotional equilibrium. This launch is partially used to spread awareness about California fires with 10% of proceeds from the Scarlet Knorts collection being donated to fire aid services.  Shop the new collection here    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   As I walk in the flagship Messika store, I’m greeted with smiles, macarons and diamonds. Immediately I felt that I had entered a world of femininity and style. The pieces are beautiful and delicate, yet powerful. Messika is an iconic jewelry brand worn by celebrities like  Rhianna, Penelope Cruz, and even Serena Williams during her training session. Valerie Messika, founder of the brand, created the trend of “everyday diamonds.” Much of Valérie’s inspiration comes from art, playing with a Calder sculpture in her father's office, absorbing from his collection various details of line, movement, color, composition, which have shaped her overall sense of form and proportion. I got the opportunity to chat with Valarie and try on some of the most gorgeous pieces of jewelry I’ve ever seen.  Why did you choose LA for your flagship store?  We are a family business so we are very intuitive and organic on how we do our business. We met a partner here in Los Angeles called Westime. They are very strong in the jewelry and watch industry. They work with Richard Mille and Audemars Piguet. They are also strong with red carpets in Hollywood so we decided it would be a good idea to open our first flagship store here. What do you hope the new store will bring to the brand?  I’m so excited because I can smell that the Americans in this area love jewelry. But they want something easy to wear, cool and light. This is the Messika philosophy; bringing a coolness to wearing jewelry that is very fine and delicate.  The workmanship and quality of the diamond is the top, but it’s cool. You can enjoy it and wear it everyday or on a big occasion. You can mix it with a casual or sophisticated style.  What was it like having Kate Moss as a muse? The moment I launched my brand 15 years ago I knew she was my muse and inspiration. She's really iconic for me. She embodies femininity, fashion and style. When I launched my brand and the philosophy I wanted to break the traditional code of jewelry. It was made for big occasions, but I wanted to make it apart of fashion and style. That’s why women like Kate Moss are so strong for me.   How would you explain the woman in the street wearing Messika?  The strength of Messika is that the women wearing it range from 18 to 70 years old. I love when I see different types of women wearing it with different styles. It’s not that we are putting a logo on the woman. We can see the personality and the style they embody with the pieces. It’s not about how rich or strong you are. It’s about the feeling and attitude that you have with your own style. It gives you self-confidence.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On Wednesday we celebrated Benetton’s new pop up shop in Santa Monica with prosecco and polaroids. Benetton Group is one of the best-known fashion companies in the world with a network of about 5,000 stores and a headquarters in Ponzano Veneto. The brand is known for its bright colors, the revolution of the retail outlet, and their unique sales network.  The new collections embody both the old and the new, featuring an exciting fusion of its classic colorful style with its newer streetwear-inspired elements. The artistic direction of Jean-Charles de Castelbajac, who is known for his iconic teddy bear coat worn by Madonna and portraits of Andy Warhol, shines through the recent collections. He recently united with the Benetton Group earlier this year, which was announced at Milan Fashion Week. He announced backstage that “The DNA of Benetton and mine have many similarities…this meeting between us is happening at the right moment, too, because this idea that desirable things can be of good quality and be affordable to many people is very interesting now…Benetton has been sleeping a little bit. But it has all this sleeping potential. And its base is very strong.”  Bring some color into your life and visit the pop up open from October 25 through November 24th!  Santa Monica Place Floor 1  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Courtesy Hublot With Halloween around the corner, Hublot stirred the cauldron to create a sapphire and emerald green Big Bang MP-11 watch. To give it its unique shade of green (not quite emerald and not quite sapphire), they used a material that has never been used in a watchcase. The material is called SAXEM, which is short for sapphire aluminum oxide and rare earth material. It is a mixture of aluminum oxide (the basic component of sapphire) with rare-earth elements like thulium and holmium.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   KAIMIN is the raising utopian brand initiating the posterity of attire. With a foundation of innovation and inclusivity, the namesake designer may well be sent from the future— sent back a couple of hundred years to propel the industry forward. Harnessing the power of the digital space, and the resourcefulness of sustainability, KAIMIN crafts intergalactic garments with a cunning dose of raunchiness. In a recent interview, Flaunt spoke with the avant-garde designer to discuss the evolution of the label, cyberspace, and the forecast of tech-induced fashion.  Tell us about the creation of the brand with your business partner Dmitri Pchelintsev. My initial foray into clothing design came in 2014 with the Zero Zero Vol. 02 project – a multi-sensory, high-tech video popup exhibition with an installation by Snarkitecture, which I was the protagonist of and also directed alongside stylist Nicola Formichetti and photographer Miles Aldridge. We had the honor of presenting the Vol. 02 book at my beloved Paris store, Colette. As part of that project, I created a stand-alone clothing capsule for the female character, and a very prominent singer ended up wearing some of my pieces in her music video. I felt compelled to create a full collection, and my very good friend Dmitri, who helped produce that very pivotal Zero Zero project, really believed in me as a designer, so we formed the KAIMIN label together in 2016. Dmitri is a creative marketer and business operator who happens to have a very strong background in finance, having spent many years at some of Wall Street's premier institutions investing in renewables, green-tech, and sustainability. Having helped grow several tech-enabled startups, he now oversees all of KAIMIN's business strategy and operations, while leading our expansion as a digitally-native brand, including the recent launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line.  How have innovation and inclusivity played essential roles in the brand? Innovation and inclusivity go hand-in-hand for me, as tolerance for new and crossover ideas breeds progress. KAIMIN leans heavily on technology in everything we do, and aesthetically we work with all types of creatives, communities, and personalities because anyone can uncover something new and beautiful, irrespective of age, race, and gender.  Besides using innovative materials, production techniques, and data analytics, the brand benefits from social media's global reach and the unprecedented direct access to talent that it affords. The Internet is a boundless creative nursery of young innovators that come from all different realms, including art, fashion, music – we love and fully utilize this cross-functionality. I grew up an outlier in a homogeneous society, so I feel my clothes have to speak to things beyond style and promote ideals that are important to me, including social and economic inclusivity, as I feel everyone deserves a voice. In addition to connecting through unrestrained creativity, I try to make items that are more accessible, including from an economic standpoint, and which still adhere to my design and high-quality philosophy – we launched SLFF KAIMIN exactly for this. What facets of New York's underground scene make appearances in your garments? The New York underground scene has this alluring aura of the forbidden, with sexier and darker undertones and the sense of a risque adventure that is addicting. During our SS20 show, for instance, we contrasted the primarily bright and colorful collection with a very dark and sexy setting, aiming for the set design to evoke a feeling of an underground party with red backlighting and a minimal, heavy electronic soundtrack. NYC subculture is edgy, extremely diverse, and creative and demonstrates some of the greatest social acceptance anywhere in the world, which really allows me to meld it with high fashion in a fun way. I love working with established as well as cool new, up-and-coming artists and personalities that grew up in this environment— I draw a lot of inspiration here for my design, music, lifestyle, and the overall direction for KAIMIN. The digital world is a key influence to the brand, hence your Fall/ Winter 2019 collection, "2081: CYBER-ORDINARY". What were your main inspirations and references for that season? Our Fall/ Winter 2019 collection explored archetypes of future beauty and was heavily influenced by such films as Blade Runner and Ex-Machina, specifically their protagonists – androids and cyborgs. I'm a total believer in the eventual symbiosis of man and machine.  In large part, that collection was about defeating the mundane and exploring and strengthening that which sets one apart, no matter the era. If today's fever pitch around privacy, sexual correctness, censorship, etc. ever leads to a dystopian control of self-expression, I'd want my clothes to declare: "when the extraordinary is outlawed, only the outlaws will be extraordinary." What's your view on cyberspace and it's distraction from the real world? I think we're in uncharted waters, and we won't be able to properly assess how good or bad this "distraction" from the real world is for a while, if ever. The cyber is already the real. There are definitely multiple ways to look at this, and it's certainly also a generational thing— just look at the debate around "screen time" for kids among young parents and scientists and the interesting arguments presented by media proponents, including Gary Vaynerchuk. All I know is that this is the manifestation of human progress, and there's no way back regardless, but to me, the benefits outweigh the potential hazards. We are now superbly equipped for improved communication and increased input – although, where the quality of consumed content, general overexposure, and the "3-second" wars are going is a different question.  For KAIMIN, Elon Musk's Neuralink can't arrive fast enough! What were your conceptions involving the recent Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, "INTROSPECTIVE PRISM"? This season, our main collection shared the runway with the launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line, which celebrates self-confidence and self-expression. The overall creative direction was influenced by the sub-conscience theories of Sigmund Freud and films like Annihilation, aiming to expose inner fears to release suppressed identity and desires— literal empowerment through self-discovery.  The collection explores two distinct notions for evolution of human form – through technology and through biological mutation. From the outside, the driver is mechanical – artificial furthering of self via machine. From the inside, the driver is bio-spiritual-- the natural furthering of self via selective mutation of flesh and mind— a physical metamorphosis through the unrestrained self. This season's motto is: "Introspective Prism – Refract all versions of self, Mutate desire and identity, Evolve in spirit and form." With our current climate reality, how do you plan to focus the brand on a more sustainable level? Being on the cutting edge is important to us to both achieve a futuristic design and to help push progress, validating applications of new technologies. We always keep an eye on the new tech that has shown promise in helping to lower the environmental impact of manufacturing, and we try to do our part by using many recycled, sustainable, and organic materials, including Better Cotton Initiative fabrics in our SLFF KAIMIN denim line. As we grow, we will continue to place greater emphasis on better production practices, safer materials, and less waste. Explain some of the laser cutting, production techniques, and 3-D print experiments that are implemented throughout your garment construction process. KAIMIN utilizes quite a bit of technology for manufacturing, content production, and branding, including 3D printing, laser cutting, digital art, AR/VR, motion tracking, etc. and we always seek to emphasize our future-forward thinking in our designs. For garment construction, we use some techniques because they create unexpected and groundbreaking visual results, while other methods actually make sense from a time and capital-intensity perspective.  We're pushing the brand's tech boundaries with the "Stratasys x KAIMIN" 3D-Print Denim Capsule Collection— the first time ever an industrial-quality 3D geometry is printed directly onto denim. We designed the intricate CGI geometry, multi-depth opacity, and colormap in collaboration with Fitchwork to make the final print. Stratasys are pioneers in the additive manufacturing space and have some of the most advanced 3D printing technology in the industry, accompanied by an inherent desire to experiment and come up with something new and cool. They wish to make everyday life better by bringing 3D printing technology to a greater part of the world faster and disrupting the fashion realm is quite big on the radar of Stratasys global creative director, Naomi Kaempfer— so what better way to help assimilate and democratize the tech for clothing than with one of the most common garments, jeans! How do you envision the future of fashion norms? I'd like to think that the future will bring abundance and innovation not just in the material sense but also in our culture and thinking, where humans will finally reach total equilibrium with nature, and each other— no prejudices— and KAIMIN clothing is but one way to represent this future. Like everything else in our society, fashion will continue to be transformed by technology, faster and more accessible information transfer, and diverse global audiences. This, of course, means a lot will change in fashion's tangible areas, like materials with never-before-imagined physical properties, more efficient production techniques, the continued proliferation of smart garments, and increased expectations of what clothing should do for the body and mind. But, to me, the most interesting changes are already occurring on the more intangible, creative side. People's unprecedented ability to communicate who they are has opened up new frontiers. In only a few years, social media exposed how varied yet similar and interconnected different cultures' tastes are, and how people of all walks of life can become influential by traversing these different planes. Being skilled in multiple areas has become the norm for many young creatives today, and this 'polymathism' affects fashion a lot. There are so many cross-functional innovators out there, and fashion definitely benefits from this, becoming more interesting and multifaceted.  What's next for KAIMIN? KAIMIN's mission is to keep innovating ourselves and keep collaborating with people that push the boundaries across the various artistic disciplines and product segments. We want to be more cross-functional and would love to do more than just fashion, even if it's in a more non-permanent format like seasonal collaborations. I wish to meet and inspire more people and to learn from them so we can all come up with a never-before-seen symbiosis of unlikely fields that not only is cool but also could change lives for the better and bring signature KAIMIN flavor to people in more than one way. With that said, I hope to continue building our artistic community and form a creative confluence platform – a culture nebula for local and global artists – to support innovation. To that end, we have already established an endowment fund some time ago, via our Zero Zero Project initiative, which periodically disperses funds to help finance targeted projects. And in that same vein, KAIMIN presented the SS20 show in collaboration with Studio 525, an iconic exhibition & event space housed in the former Andrea Rosen Art Gallery in Chelsea, as the inaugural project for Studio 525 Art Accelerator, which has a very similar vision to ours and aims to provide a physical place for work and showcases to artists and the creative community in general. Produced by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: : Franco Velastiqui Art Direction by: Delfina Pia Rey Styling by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Kevin Cheah Model: Cassie Priestley at Next Models. Styling assistance by: Sabrina Aguirre and Mila Sanguinetti  Credits: FW19 KAIMIN clothing, and GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI heels. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. MAX MARA dress, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. VERSACE dress, earrings, and rings and AGENT PROVOCATEUR underwear. ETRO dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, B-LOW THE BELT belt, and NANCY NEWBERG earrings. HALPERN dress, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring, and ERINESS ring. MAX MARA sweater and dress, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. PREEN BY THORNTON BREGAZZI dress, B-LOW THE BELT belt and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings. ALESSANDRA RICH dress and necklace and MIU MIU earrings all available at MatchesFashion.com, and NANCY NEWBERG rings. AGENT PROVOCATEUR slip dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace and ring, ALINA ABEGG earrings, and STATE PROPERTY pearl ring. ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER dress and scarf, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings and ring. PALOMO SPAIN jacket available at Please Do Not Enter, LA, ALINA ABEGG ring, and MISHO earring. Photographer: Vince M. Aung.  Model: Inga Dezhina. Stylist: Mui-Hai Chu.  Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co. & Oribe Hair Care at Nest Artists.  Makeup: Natasha Severino using NARS Cosmetics at Forward Artists.  Production, Photo, and Styling Assistant: Corrine Ciani Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Being Sustainably responsible in 2019 now means making some changes with how designers are choosing their resources. The female founders behind 42|54 and long time friends Elodie Ouedraogo and Olivia Borlee are both Belgian Gold metal athletes, and now business partners who strongly believe in that type of fashionably responsible involvement. It took them two a clean 42.54 seconds to win a Silver Medal at the Olympic Games in Beijing 2008. That Silver medal turned into Gold, when the winning team was disqualified due to a failed drug test. It was abundantly clear that dirty athletes have no place in sports. That’s when the Gold medalists decided they wanted to make a change. “Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes!” The contemporary active label launched its first 100% sustainable FW19 capsule collection  made of plastic bottles and recycled ocean waste. They believe that great design should also be sustainable. The brand teamed up with renowned textile companies who propose fabrics made from a fiber called SEAQUAL and NEWLIFE recycled from ocean plastics to create the new high-end "made from waste" active wear line that asserts the modern streetwear appeal.  The founders make a conscious effort to be an honest and transparent brand, by largely working with local manufacturers and suppliers.  Elodie and Olivia’s next steps will also be 100% sustainable using organic yarns working with GOTS (Global Organic Textile Standards) certified factories, hang tags produced with recycled paper along with recycled fabrics developed with fibers using the oceans waste and plastic bottles. They both are devoted to giving a second life to stock and leftover fabrics from previous productions along with biodegradable packaging. The The fashion-forward duo provide advanced functionality while calling themselves a "100% sustainable company in the way we work, produce, and live." Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. What was your biggest fear about starting your own line? We believe there are a lot of similarities between the world of sports and fashion. It is about being fearless,  following the process put in place while listening to your gut feeling at the same time to achieve the absolute best. It is about taking a leap of faith in yourself, your partner and your idea. For us creating an activewear collection that was high-end, transcendent  and made in honest and transparent conditions Felt like a void that needed to be filled within our community. There was a clear vision, which was bring some fun and fashion back into the world of sports without ignoring the functional and technical side of the garments. When we decided to launch 42|54, a reference to our winning time during the 2008 Olympics, we didn't really think about it as we both love a great challenge. We just jumped, head first.  There was a lack of experience. (We had both been guest designers for other brands, but came quickly to the realization that this doesn't even come close to owning and managing a brand.)  With that lack of real experience sometimes came also the fear of not being taken seriously. In the beginning we went probably over prepared into ever meeting we had. Not only out of respect for the person sitting in front of us, but also because we wanted to show that we were serious about entrepreneurship.  That we understood that there are no shortcuts to success Initially we also didn't communicate a lot about our backstory either. We didn't want to be perceived as two women who were the faces of the brand, while having an entire team waiting in the back to do the real and hard work. From the beginning we sourced every fabric, button, zipper, label or elastic band you'll find in our collection. Through (sometimes) expensive mistakes and failure we learned a lot. And today we are an authentic brand and a viable business because of it. Aside from the activewear, what other sustainable efforts are being practiced within your company? 42|54 has always been mindful of how and where we produce. After having represented our country in the best way possible in sports it only seemed logical to carry out the strong identity and values that Belgium has created with 'The Antwerp Six' in the world of fashion. We worked a lot with local suppliers. This put our brand already at a 50% of sustainability, solely based on the business decisions we made from the very beginning. Last year we were able to evolve in our sustainable journey by replacing already locally created fabrics by sustainable ones. We also adapted our online service by working with Repack. Repack is a company that offers reusable bags. For every bag clients return to us after their purchase, they receive a small discount. We on the other hand can recover the packaging for a new customer. Additionally we switched to biodegradable labels, we don't use plastic bottles in the office and work with a cleaning company that only uses natural and biological cleaning products. All the employees who live in Brussels, where we are based, walk or take their bike to work.  What was the moment or person that inspired you to produce your own line? We have always looked up to and been inspired by strong female athletes and more so in the 80's and 90's. These were absolute fun times where athletes didn't only stand out with their extraordinary performances, but also by the way the dressed on the field. Women like Florence Griffith and Jackie Joyner-Kersee wore leotards, belted bodysuits, one-legged  and lace leggings. They highlighted their personalities with exciting, daring activewear.  But of course we don't have to look too far. We are surrounded by strong women. Our mothers, sisters, friends and colleagues. 42I54 is built by women, who work very hard every day to create the best possible collection for women. Our sustainable mission on the other hand comes from a very personal experience.  We initially won a silver medal during the Olympic Games in 2008. Eight years later that silver eventually turned into gold when that winning team was disqualified due to substance abuse discovered during a large series of retesting.  This had a major impact on the on athletes worldwide. And while many of us became strong advocates for clean, drug free sports we are less outspoken when it comes to clothes we wear while performing. We felt this too has to change.  Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes.  Sportswear made in honest conditions and without the environmental strain it has today. We can no longer only applaud recognition and financial gain while wearing our low cost shirts. Because someone, somewhere is suffering because of it. Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Just for fun, what are your zodiac signs? Aries and Pisces What are you wanting to accomplish in 2020 with 42|54? It has always been our goal to become the brand that serves as today’s personal survival-kit and Wonder Woman cape all wrapped into one fashion-forward label for all women. 42|54 is for the young women we help through our 'Athlete Ambassador Program'. By supporting them with well made performance gear, we support their dreams of one day becoming professional athletes. Often big brands want to see results first and will later support in anyway possible. We believe talent need’s to be nurtured when  personal budgets are insignificant or non-existent. Today we are proud to announce that 3 women from our ambassadors program will participate in next year’s Olympic and Paralympic Games. We are most definitely also the go-to brand for women who like to have something that is different. Today many women try and balance a career, family and personal time. Finding an outfit that accommodates that lifestyle can be quite the search. The idea to have a legging that has the advanced functionality you'd expect from activewear, yet the high-end look and feel that makes it chic enough to wear outside the gym is very appealing to a lot of women. A winning combination we can offer to our women as we can pull from our own experience and expertise. On top of the need to be unique or different, women want to be informed on what they are putting both in and on their bodies today. Furthermore we would like to continue to develop our sustainable journey and dress as many great women in the US as we possibly can.  We had the opportunity to visit LA recently and it is inspiring to see how a city has succeeded into merging sports into the everyday life. It embodies the definition of an 'active lifestyle'. What were your childhood ambitions? Elodie: I always wanted to be a hairdresser or own my own cafe. That was until I realized that being a bar owner entails more than just serving great coffee. Olivia: I wanted to be a florist. I think I have always been inspired by beauty and making beautiful things. In what place are you the happiest? Most productive? The school of Sports is a great one to graduate from. Being professional athletes has taught us many life lessons. It teaches you to be independent,  winning, losing and how to persevere. Through our careers as professional athletes we have had the privilege of seeing a part of the world and experiencing different cultures and people. We are very appreciative that to this day we get to travel for work from time to time and see our designs come to life in our factory. Funnily enough, the traveling in the past also taught us the importance of home. And how it remains the happiest place for us. It is also where we get most creative. Before we were able to rent our own office space we used to work out of the kitchen. Today we still come up with the best ideas when we are surrounded by the feeling of familiarity. So thank God for WhatsApp these days. How do you live a sustainable life outside of the company? It is important to stress that we are by no means green warriors or examples of how to live a sustainable life. But we 100% get the message and understand the urge to react today. We all have different battles to fight in life but we are convinced that with little effort we can already make  a big difference. A few changes that we have made:  -no to fast fashion; buying less clothes and smarter -no more plastic bottles and additionally be more mindful of the use of plastic in general -buying fresh and seasonal fruit and vegetables instead of pre-packed food,  -reusing the same bag instead of buying a new one for groceries,  -sort trash -the use of natural cosmetics -leave our cars in the garage if not needed  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Published for the first time and celebrating 50 years since the works were created, ‘DESIRE’ by Lloyd Ziff documents New York City in the late 1960s. Ziff’s work captures a New York teeming with fantasy and rebellion. The book tells a story of cultural resistance through Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe.  ‘DESIRE’ was the first photo shoot that Patti and Robert had together. The two of them were photographed in their Hall Street Space in Brooklyn in 1968 and in Ziff’s small apartment in the heart of Greenwich Village in 1969. The book features 65 previously unpublished works including street photographs, original contact sheets, and notes that form the history around 1960s New York and the lives of these two iconic figures. The intimacy between the two paints a picture of the city at this time, pushing their icon status aside to view the city with a more personal lens. 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff “I myself never felt comfortable doing anything with the pictures. Then in 2009 Patti phoned and asked me for permission to publish two of the Hall Street portraits in JUST KIDS, the first portraits of them together she noted. 41 years had passed. . . Robert and Patti had become legendary. Robert and I had remained friends until he died in 1989, and I had enjoyed commissioning and publishing photographs of his when I was the Design Director of House & Garden, Vanity Fair, and Condé Nast Traveler in the ’80s. Now it’s been 50+ years since I happened to see Robert and Patti crossing the street near their place in Brooklyn. The photographs we shot then are, as are all photographs, documents of a particular moment in time. They have also become documents of a time when two of America’s most important artists were very young, very beautiful, and very ambitious. It amazes me to share those moments from so long ago today.” – Lloyd Ziff, 2019 100 “Strictly Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff, with a “Limited Edition” signed and numbered C-Type print. 500 “Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff. Available now Photos courtesy of Lloyd Ziff and Avenue Communications  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker. HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  FALGUNI SHANE PEACOCK bodysuit, HARDEMAN chaps, BUSTED BRAND gloves, PLANET I sunglasses, and MELODY EHSANI earrings and DALMATA choker. It’s been just over a year since Doja Cat’s “Mooo!” swept the screens of millions across the globe. And unless you’ve been living under a rock, the American singer, rapper and producer begs no further introduction. With that said, in case you have in fact been dwelling beneath stone, then you should know that the future of music is Doja’s for the taking. With her 2018 claim-to-fame music video sitting atop 50M views on YouTube, and her most recent visual release for “Juicy,” featuring Tyga, breaking 20M in two weeks, the musician’s growth is unshakeable, having cemented her place through sweet sonics and visuals that pack a punch. As she so bluntly claims over the phone from her apartment in Los Angeles, “It’s only the beginning. I feel like I really know who I am and what I’m doing with my next project.” The bovine-style music video released last August would eventually flourish into a viral meme. “I didn’t mean for ‘Mooo!’ to get as big as it did,” she admits. “I had more serious music to put out, I’d been working on so much other stuff, but once I put the cow costume on, I had to do it. It was the only way I could get it out of my head,” she explains. Within days of the abrupt upload to YouTube, the video had racked millions of views. The dairy dreamscape was by no means Doja’s introduction to the music industry. In fact, she had been signed to RCA Records since 2014, after the successful release of her debut single, “So High.” From there, she followed up with several tracks, including “Go To Town,” off of her debut studio album in 2018. “Before ‘Mooo!,’ we hadn’t really gotten any viral hits, or had any hits, period. We were doing okay, but things weren’t at their fullest potential. That was the most significant part about ‘Mooo!’ going where it did—it allowed all my other work to have a foundation and have a pull.” Taking a moment to consider the past whirlwind year, she reasons, “Since ‘Mooo!’ blew up, it’s been kind of non-stop. I don’t know if it’s really allowed me to reflect, but I feel like I’ve refined my style and refined who I am. I kind of have to have the spotlight on me.” MATT SARAFA coat and GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses. MATT SARAFA coat, ABODI bodysuit and boots, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and NOÄ earrings. The spotlight she speaks of shines focused and fixed, with no intention of moving elsewhere, but as a consistent subject of such recognition, Doja Cat has experienced two sides to the coin that is internet fame. Since its inception, the Internet has proven an untamable beast, and the environment it has bred has developed twice as feral. Through public domains like Tumblr to TikTok, and YouTube to Twitter, a vast stretch of subcultures and trends have been cultivated. On opposite poles of this digital sphere, there stands viral fame and cancel culture. It’s no secret that the musician has faced multiple controversies regarding comments she’s made online, and it’s even less of a secret that the public is quick to mobilize on social media. After old tweets resurfaced of the artist using derogatory terms towards other rappers, a rallied audience of critics made it its mission to take her down. Admittedly hurt by some of the criticisms, she reasons, “I’m not invincible, I do get hurt by some comments. I’m not superhuman.” Immediately requiting, she follows up with, “But being raised on the Internet gives me the ability to know how to deal with negativity most of the time.” Then, at once in a final stride, she claims of her presence online, “It’s just a small portion of my life.” And just like that, if we’ve learned anything in 2019, it’s that you can’t cancel Doja Cat. HARDEMAN top, thong, and hat, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and DALMATA necklace. Fresh off the release of a new music video with LunchMoney Lewis for “Make That Cake,” while still riding the success of “Juicy,” she’s traveling cross country for performances and appearances on a weekly basis. In the age of virality, such sustainability is impressive. That said, she’s in no way the first artist to have a viral hit catapult their work to an unfamiliar stratosphere of celebrity, and certainly not the last. We’ve seen fellow musical phenoms like Mason Ramsey and Megan Thee Stallion reap the benefits of a trending tweet and hashtag or two. Could it just be that we’re experiencing the dawning of a new age in music? An educated guess would reason, yes. With democratized media-sharing platforms like Spotify and SoundCloud, there’s been an inevitable boom in bedroom pop-stardom. Not only that, but with the increasing irrelevance of labels across younger generations, classification proves less important in not only topics of gender, but music, too. Lines blur across styles nowadays, with artists coloring the outsides more than ever. In attempts to maintain order through categorical standards, we see the term “Alternative” tacked onto the classic genres we’ve come to know. I LOVE PRETTY skirt. I LOVE PRETTY skirt and BUFFALO LONDON shoes. Prompted to describe her forthcoming record, Hot Pink, in three words, she replies with little to no hesitation: “Too. Many. Genres.” Declining a subscription to any one breed of song, the response points to her exploration of sound, a progression of her euphony, and the future of music. “My last record is a lot different from this one because I didn’t understand what it was to be in the studio and in an environment where there’s a bunch of musical equipment,” Doja shares, candidly. “I was young, I was a teenager and I really didn’t know who I was. My character wasn’t really shining the way it does now. I can tell you Hot Pink is one of the best things I’ve done, the best project I will have ever released.” Then, implored to divulge more about the release in detail, she retracts to the previously implemented three-word limit: “Super, duper, mystery.” So while Doja—who won the world over with an onomatopoeia in 2018—makes a favorable case for the future of music today, her own music remains as ambiguous as it does full of promise. Photographed by: Julian Buchan.  Styled by: Katie Qian.  Hair: Frankie Payne using Oribe at Opus Beauty.  Makeup: Jadyn Ngo using Surratt Beauty and Artisbrush.com at The Visionaries. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj Photos by Steven Klein Think metallic, high-end glamour with a neon pink accent. Think barbie doll in outer-space. This iconic FENDI and Nicki Minaj collaboration is the perfect combination of bold yet sophisticated.  Teaming up with Silvia Venturini Fendi, the duo created the next chapter of the FF Series with a line for women’s, men’s and kids: FENDI Prints On. Nicki is known for her body-hugging clothing and most of the line is just that, but she beautifully contrasts it with leisurewear and classy pieces. With the FF logo covering the majority of the print, this line is nothing but eye-catching.  They took staple pieces that everyone needs in their wardrobe and added their own flare to it such as:  tulle dresses, reversible puffer coats, asymmetric body-con dresses, raincoats with leather sleeves, silver tracksuits, bomber jackets with knitted sleeves and metallic windbreakers.  This collection would not be complete without some daring accessories, and that is exactly what they have provided us. They have everything from sequined bags and fanny packs to customized snow boots and wedge trainers. These accessories will take any outfit to the next level.  They went above and beyond and created a collection that embodied Nicki’s personality along with high-end fashion and street style.  The FENDI Prints On capsule collection will be sold in 52 FENDI boutiques worldwide and on fendi.com from October 14th.  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj   Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj                    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   69 shirt, JEAN PAUL KNOTT pants available at Please Do Not Enter, and NIKE shoes.   Brooklyn born and LA based producer and artist, Kingdom, is bringing back is clubby and unique dance music to the industry. With two new EPs, the first one called “EXTERRA, Vol. 1,” on the way and an album coming in 2020, he is back in the realm of dance music, but keeping true to his innovative style.  All the way from the east coast, Kingdom was booked to perform in LA in the early 2000s, which gave him a foot in the door to the west coast’s music scene. From here, he has continued to expand his musical capacity and does not abide by genres or any type of limitation; with experimental taste and a desire to create, he strives to generate music that he loves and that the audience can appreciate/value.  He was kind enough to join me for a phone interview in which I asked many questions, hoping to find out more about him as a person and his career.  I know that Nacho Nava kind of helped bring you to LA, how did he influence you? I was DJing a lot in New York, but he was the first person to put me on a flight and bring me to the west coast to DJ. I think that the influence he really has is that he was putting people on like me who didn’t have any other shows or have a lot of hype or a lot of press or anything like that. He really just believed in the new talent and was always just so generous with that regardless of how well the show did or anything like that. It was really just like he was excited to put people on and it never seemed like it was something he was doing for his own to serve his own interest. It really was something he was doing for the community in LA. Specifically, influential in creating a really special scene on the eastside of LA. I think most people will associate like the gay scene with the west side, West Hollywood scene, which is so specific and there really wasn’t much going on on the eastside maybe a couple bars, but he was the first to create a really vibrant night life scene that involved art and dance and all different kinds of Djs of all different races, but also it wasn’t just a community vibe, it was also like he was bringing really really good music and reall really amazing performers, so it also drew in just from straight people music fans who knew that Mustache would have more edgy stuff, so it wasn’t just creating an alternative it was also just about quality. He had such a good eye for innovative stuff.  FENG CHEN WANG jacket available at Please Do Not Enter and ALLIGATOR JESUS bracelet. What was it like working with Nacho Nava cause I know you guys were working on a Netflix show together. Working with him was always a pleasure. He was always just so sweet so generous and he was just a great figure and really supportive of my label and my parties too. He would always, without me even asking, support a face of mine or event that I was doing that had nothing to do with Mustache. He was always so sweet. More recently, that’s actually kind of why the music video is dedicated to Nacho because basically I met the video director through Nacho. Nacho put us together in a conference call and basically we started talking and they had planned to bring some type of documentary for Netflix about kind of the more alternative more POC side of LA nightlife, specifically gay nightlife and queer nightlife. It was really just in the early stages of talk. We really didn’t get it off the ground, but Shahana, the director, was gonna obviously be on the director’s side and working on the shots and the camera stuff and all that. They wanted me to come in and add music to it, but essentially throw in some different raves and help bring in music so that we could create some events to film because there’s not, sadly there’s not a lot of footage of a lot of the old Mustache parties. They’re relatively undocumented, so that was the idea, but I think when he passed Shahana felt like it didnt’t make sense to pursue it still. It really was Nacho’s project. It was really just a conversation, but even just that concept was inspirational and meeting the director is kind of what spawned us to create the music video together in honor of him.  It seems like Nacho has been really influential to kind of your start here in LA and the music scene, but has he influenced your work at all kind of like maybe the beats you decide to use or the music has he influenced any of it? Since he’s not a musician or DJ himself I wouldn’t say it’s a direct influence on the actual sound. I’d say he’s more of an influence when it comes to throwing parties and bringing people together in the community and just showing people kindness and more of the things I spoke about a moment ago. Just about the social element of music more than the sound exactly, but I know the sound he likes and I think he had an appreciation for the sounds I work with.  MEALS shirt and pants. How does it feel to be in the genre again? It feels really good. I feel like with my last album Tears in the Club I was in a very kind of like atmospheric moody RnB space and ever since that album came out I’ve been doing more vocal production, working with singers, and I worked really hard launching the new singer that signed to Fade to Mind called Semma, so I’ve been really in that zone of creating something for vocalists and when I’m doing that I sometimes put aside exactly the Kingdom sound and I’m trying to create a universe for the singer that gives them a unique identity. It’s just a totally different assignment. It’s a different thing and it’s a different lifestyle too. It’s a lot of hours spent helping singers songwrite and it definitely tested my patience a lot of the time because I’ve spent quite a bit of time with several vocalists making demos for their projects and singers make hundreds of demos to test their project. A lot of time your beat doesn’t get picked or they go in a different direction or sometimes the vocalist is just caught up in other stuff and they don’t even release something. I might have been so in that world, so it was really refreshing to just kind of stop accepting bookings to do vocal sessions and I think it was kind of a reaction to doing all those vocal sessions that made me really want to just get back into my more ravey, clubby, housey references and it’s kind of also where I started. My first release ever, “Mind Reader,” was very kind of hard, weird, dance stuff, so I’m kind of going back and starting from scratch and starting from the beginning again and it just feels really good. I’m just excited to put stuff that’s more high energy and I’m DJing a lot right now, so it’s exciting to just play things that I can blend and just be kind of weird again cause I think working with vocalists it’s a lot more compromises, a lot more catering to them.  Do you have any inspirations for creating music, like are there any other artists that you look towards to or does everything just come from within? There’s definitely artists I look up to. Sometimes I freeze with the question because there’s so many that I have. I would have to say Rod Lee, Terror Danjah, and Darkchild. YOSHIO KUBO jacket and stylist’s own glasses. Would you ever mix different genres together like if you did RnB and dance music? Or is that something that you’ve already ventured into before?   Even though I do make some fully RnB sounding stuff, I kind of think that’s really what I’m known for even though the new stuff is pretty clubby, but I think you can still hear these little shreds of like the vocal stuff, the vocal samples. I think that RnB element is always there. That’s pretty much my mission, either I’m weaving back and forth or I’m weaving them together just kind of RnB sound with the club sound. For the next volume, I’m making another volume of the EXTERRA series and that one’s either gonna have more of the vocal stuff in it and I’m also working on my next album. I’ve got a lot of homework right now. I’m bringing in more vocal stuff as it progresses from my EP to my next album.  In regards to the vocal production, is there anything you look for in an artist when you want them to be on one of your songs? I love weird vocal textures. I just love when someone has a baby voice or has a strange croaky texture or has certain types of node that they like to hit. Just something that sets it apart because there’s so many people that sound so similar. And someone who’s not afraid of intense rhythm cause I think a lot of singers come from the studio wanting a really simple beat or something that sounds like their favorite, you know, Ella Mai song or like H.E.R. song or maybe a Corella song they heard or something, so I think someone who is down to get experimental and doesn’t mind sampling their voice. I’m especially also just addicted to high voices. I love falsetto. I’m known for working with women, which is my favorite working with female vocals. If I’m working with a guy he definitely has to be able to channel his feminine side. I don’t really like to work with men who wanna sing about the macho shit on the mic like I’m way more into men who are singing. you know explore both sides  MEALS jacket and pants. Do you have a certain process of producing or like how do you kind of create your songs? I’ve always been a drummer, so I feel like when I’m on my own making beats I always start with drums and just playing with different drum sounds and I finally, after years of not doing it, started to create my own drum kits and drum packs, so I have my own custom samples that I’m playing around with. When it comes to singers usually they’ll just freestyle over an existing beat. With Sema, the artist I recently signed to my label, she was one of the first people that I really just improvised with and sometimes she would just come in and she would start singing something first, so that’s a totally different process like kind of working in reverse and working from what her voice is doing.  Do you have any stories of the first time you met MikeQ or Ms. Boogie? This new EP I just put out, EXTERRA, Vol. 1, is kind of a throwback to the beginning of my career in many ways. One of them being that I’m returning to dance music and making just like much clubbier, harder material than I’ve made in a long time, but it also actually has two collaborations with artists that I’ve known for I think over a decade. Me and MikeQ and Shane Oliver from Hood by Air were the three Djs who got booked to DJ this artist named Reshaw Newsom. He had a party for one of his art openings. I had actually been a fan of Mike from MySpace and his website for years already and when I finally met him I just completely fanned out and got to play a track. My set was pretty much like MikeQ and Ivana Lore who’s like another ballroom legend. I basically played all super hard underground ballroom voguing music. I don’t think that Mike was expecting that from me necessarily and actually Mike went out on the dance floor and started voguing and he’s not a voguer, he’s a DJ. He rarely ever actually hits the dance floor and vogue. That was back when we Dj’d on CD so that night me and him like traded CDs and he gave me his CDs from his like case logic and I gave him CDs from mine. Ever since then we’ve been in touch and he’s producing music on my label as well, but he’s kind of hard to nail down and get a studio session with, so I’m just really excited to me and him having a track together 10 years later finally. My very first party that I threw on my own in NY was called “Club Vortex” and it was like in the back room of this art space, so it’s not really a venue at all and they didn’t have any security or anything and I think after the first one the word kind of got around cause you know under age kids are always looking for those very few places that they aren’t going to card, so I think word got around that there was this party happening that wasn’t carding and that was super open and fun and a few friends of mine actually showed up with Ms. Boogie at that very first party and me and her hit it off. She kind of got in a little bit of trouble that night. There was kind of like a little bit of a tussle on the dance floor and I think some wigs got pulled, but it was a pretty crazy night and that was before she was even just vocals, so it’s been amazing to see her progress into rapping and making music and I just love what she brings to the track. Saturday Kingdom performs with an Allstar roster including Bae Bae, BrownSkinHazel, Total Freedom and Uniiqu3 get tickets HERE Photographed by Alligator Jesus. Styled by Ally Nikoltchev Produced by: BJ Panda Bear Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. It was a family affair as last night UGG threw a banger to celebrate their now campaign featuring creatives in fashion and music including Slick Woods and son, Paloma and Ama Elsesser, Kim Gordon of Sonic Youth and daughter Coco Gordon Moore, Sasha and Sergio Lane, and Luka and Clark Sabbat. The event was a dazzling event paying homage to the brands California heritage.  The brand drew inspiration from the #UGGLIFE  campaign family-focused narrative highlighting the relationships and the spirit across generations that brings families together along with inspiring and challenging one another DJ’s and eyewear designers Coco & Breezy curated the events soundtrack. Staying on theme with a musical performance by SoCal local indie punk rock duo/brothers The Garden. UGG founded in 1978 by an Australian surfer originated on the coast of California. Renowned for its iconic classic UGG boot boosted by Hollywood celebs, and fashion editors around the world, the brand has extended into apparel and accessories with recent collaborations with the brands like Y/PROJECT and Eckhaus Latta. The evenings launch also featured the new range of buckle boots that also presented an exaggerated sole and a soon to be everywhere thigh grazing boot. After a dinner at the Roosevelt hotel, we caught up with the mama, muse, and all around bad ass Slick Woods to chat about #UGGLIFE.  Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Did you end up going out last night after the dinner at The Roosevelt? I’m a little exhausted but I don’t think I went out, I think went out went on me. How do you feel like UGG has fit into your life as a mother? UGG has been a big part of my life since the last campaign so we have been linking up. Do you feel like having a child has fit into life of the badass fashion creature you’ve always been known for? Yes, of course. I mean getting into motherhood and being an UGG mom has definitely been a big part of my life. You have really empowered the persona of the badass into this new creation, it’s beautiful. Of course, I had to slip into motherhood very unexpectedly. What do you see in the space between comfort and style? Well, comfort and style has always been missed together. I mean my style in very comfortable. Do you think simple comfort can be stylish? Yes, definitely, I am a little bit mixed with Tomb Raider, with a little bit of Kim Possible, and a little bit of, let’s say, Al Pacino. All together – that’s me What is one comfort faux pas you feel can never be chic? Broke shit… I don’t do broke shit. What is one comfort faux pas you feel we need to embrace more? Probably aristocratic shit. Like real rich nigga shit. I wish we did more of that. Yeah do more of that now! Do you see your son as following your footsteps in the modelling world? Hell no. My sons going to be a police officer or a fireman. And I’m gonna let him do that. Your film Goldie got great reviews. Do you see yourself getting more into film? No, the director was trash but my acting was fucking great. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   BUFFALO shoes. Make way for the newest edition to the female power movement, a DJ from Berlin who goes by Martafakka. With a background in Tech House, Funk House, Hip-Hop, RnB, and Afro House, she curates explosive beats that pulsate through the listener’s body causing them to not only feel Martafakka’s energy in her songs, but also having an almost out of body experience. As well, her expertise in mixing different genres creates a new kind of music and allows for a wide range of people to enjoy her work. Beyond her musical genius, she is an avid traveller, inspired learner, and according to her Instagram, is an animal lover as well. Take pleasure in reading the following interview with the creative genius.   BUFFALO shoes. Who would your dream collaboration be with? My favorites would be Dixon, Honey Dijon and Black Coffee What are you currently working on? And how is the process going? My main goal right now is to achieve the knowledge of producing myself. I have my roots in Hip- Hop and RnB and want to learn now more about electronic music especially tech house, funkhouse… I know that you have performed in Berlin, where would you love to perform next? I would love to perform in Ibiza, Amsterdam, London and New York. What is your favorite thing about performing and your fans? The best thing about djing is when you feel that people are getting exactly into your vibe and enjoy the party. What inspires your specific sound? I already traveled a lot in my life and I have been to many clubs where I got a lot of different vibe and music inspiration. What do you want your listeners to feel or take away from your music? The most important thing is LOVE, LOVE, LOVE and of course amazing energy! People should feel good and free while listening to my music. Its all about energy. What does your music creating process look like? I start with collecting my current favourite songs. After that it goes on with the main part; FIND MATCHING SONGS! It is my goal to combine all music genres with each other. There are no boundaries! Its kind of a process of course. Do you have a specific song that means a lot to you? What makes it special to you? It’s “Dirty Diana“ from Michael Jackson since I was a kid. It always hat something mystic about it…Who the f*** is Diana?!  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   REBECCA VALLANCE suit, ANDREA FOHRMAN earrings, and ANNA-KARIN KARLSSON sunglasses. She might not be a household name in America, yet, but Lila Iké has already taken Jamaica’s music scene by storm. Hailing from Manchester, Jamaica, she sharpened her teeth by performing at Jamnesia’s open mic on Saturday nights. The seaside venue (located in Bully Bay, about 20 minutes outside Kingston), has hosted many prominent Jamaican artists including Chronixx, Jah9, NoMaddz, and Protoje. The latter performer, Protoje, happens to be a Grammy nominated artist and his ears perked when he first heard Lila Iké’s music. He signed her as part of his collective, In.Digg.Nation.  Lila’s friendship with Protoje turned out to be the turn her music career needed. The signing thrusted her into the spotlight, where she’s performed alongside him at Jamaica’s Reggae Sumfest (basically it’s the Coachella for the country) with 30,000 heads in attendance then making her NYC debut at BRIC’s Celebrate Brooklyn! Concert. In 2017, Lila dropped her first official track, titled “Biggest Fan.” She wrote the song for her mother, whom she dubbed her “biggest fan.” The song’s release opened the floodgates for her solo career, with several other songs following suit. Earlier this summer, she performed on Protoje’s song “Not Another Word,” which acted as the biggest track she’s been apart of. After premiering on Rolling Stone, “Not Another Word” has graced Spotify playlists “Dancehall Queen,” and “Dancehall Official.”  While Lila Iké might hold the Reggae universe in the palm of her had, she’s not interested in classifying herself as a Reggae artist. She believes her music is more universal than to label inside a single genre. Flaunt spoke with the rising artist about her humble beginnings, treasured inspirations, and the meaning behind the words Lila Iké.  MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit and JIMMY CHOO shoes. I always like to know what influences an artist when they are writing and recording their songs. Who would you say are your musical influences? My favorite singer of all time is Garnett Silk. I love Toni Braxton, I really love Lauren Hill. All great artists in different genres and different types of music. But my all-time favorite is Garnett Silk. Why would they inspire you? Garnett Silk is my all-time favorite because of what he did for the music I don’t think anybody else did it. I feel like his voice, his style, he had a spiritual thing with his voice. Also, the fact that he didn’t get much time to do what I really think he wanted to do. Very powerful and very spiritual. How he was cut down so early almost makes me take up the responsibility, just make sure my music is on that level.  What’s your intention when performing your music? What are you trying to give your listeners with your talents? When I’m performing, I’m basically giving everything. With certain performers, You can identify with what they are saying. , You can see certain movements in their body, you can feel in your presence that music isn’t something they are doing to make some money. So when I’m performing I’m doing what I’m supposed to do, which is give it all Every artist has a different creative process when writing and recording music. What does your look like?  I search for inspiration, I don’t necessarily like writing with a pen and paper. When going through my everyday life, if a thought comes to me, i’ll whip out my phone and record it. Somethings I don’t record all my inspirations, but it comes upon you and for some people, it comes through like mediation or dancing or going different places. For me it’s all of the above. I like having conversations about different things. like learning as much as I can. I like listening to music, going to jam sessions.  ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER coat and boots, HALPERN turtleneck, and MISHO earrings. You’ve released four singles so far. What’s next? Is there an album or an EP on the way? Naturally, but I can’t say when. I am definitely working on new music.  We will keep our ears open! There’s a lot of musical genres, what inspired you to chose reggae? Is there a connection to the genre which drew you to it?  Personally, I don’t really associate myself with any particular genre, I feel like its a conscious thing. Like a work of poetry. I grew up in Jamaica, where there is lots of reggae. But I love reggae, it’s my favorite genre. I love spoken music, jazz, country music, reggaeton. But for me, reggae music is a part of me.  Are you still based in Jamaica? Yes. Rolling Stone premiered “Not Another World,” which features you working with Protoje and Agent Sasco. Are there any more collaborations coming up which you can tell us about? I recently did a song produced by Izzy which was released on the same day, so I haven’t been pushing it that much. That’s the most recent collaboration I’ve worked on but I’m interested in working with a lot of artists. I’d love to do a song with Chronixx and Koffee. These are things I have in my head that hopefully work out.  You recently performed at LA’s Delicious Pizza for their block party. Are there any more US shows coming up on your itinerary? Not right this minute, the next time I’m in America for a show is in Washington. My friend wants to come perform at his venue. Me, Sevana, a new artist called Jaz Elise, and another artist named Apollo. We are apart of their acoustic presentation. That’s the only thing I’m certain about. October 14th. Where did the name Lila Iké come from? What does it mean to you?  Lila, biblically was coined from my original name Alecia Grey. When I was born people would always shorten my name. They’d call me Leekee or Leelee. Once somebody called me Lila and I was very drawn to that name because I felt like a “Lila”. I made a Facebook account and used it as my Facebook name, it was “Lila Music.” And people started calling me Lila. Before I know it, everybody actually thinks my name is Lila.  Iké, I got that name from a friend of mine I met when I moved to Kingston. This guy had a Nigerian background. He grew up in Africa and said Iké is short for Ikechukwu, he told me that it meant “God is powerful” I grew up in a Christian home, my mom always went to church and believing in a higher being was always a crucial part of our everyday life. And I personally believe that there is something more beautiful and powerful than all of us here on Earth.  I wanted to appropriate this energy, which is the purest form of my music. That’s where Lila Iké came from.  It was great talking to you, is there anything you would like to add? I want people to know that it’s okay for them to be themselves, and they should go for whatever they want if they feel it in their hearts. If it brings them joy.   MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit. Photographed by Nolwen Cifuentes. Styled by Mui-Hai Chu. Hair: Darren Hau using Oribe at Opus Beauty. Makeup: Mylah Morales  at Exclusive Artists.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Autumn Hrubý is the founder of knitwear enthusiast and journal, Hesperios. The carefully crafted, sustainable collections express Hrubý’s philosophy of “quality over quantity,” with garments meant to last a lifetime. An extension of the brand is it’s dedication to classic and contemporary art, literature, and travel, which reveals itself in a biannual anthology— distributed internationally through art-and-design book stores, galleries, newsstands, and museums. This month, Hesperios released it’s third edition of the ongoing journal series, marking the celebration of both established and emerging creatives. From artists to chefs to filmmakers and poets, No.3 is packed with visual references, intellectual nuances, and personal anecdotes that will galvanize any and every reader. Flaunt spoke with Hrubý post-Journal No.3 launch to chat all things Hesperios. HESPERIOS founder, Autumn Hrubý. What’s the story behind the name of your line and literary journal, Hesperios, meaning “the evening star”?  My friend Evan Dando started calling me Hess as a nickname, short for Hesperios. At the time, Glenn O’ Brien and I were brainstorming potential names for my company to be. It was a long process, and he had several amusing options, but when I heard Hesperios, everything just clicked.   Of all the interviews in this issue, who surprised you most, and why?  Miranda Brooks interview. I loved discovering that she meditates with her client before each project to bless the land and ask the spirits for help.  “In Japan there is a standard practice to have a land blessing with the client and architect before any construction begins, to make peace with who has been there before, and to suggest where the spirits can safely wait until construction ends. Once construction is complete, they are invited back to bring love and a sense of being to what was created.”  Visually, how has literature and the art world influenced your designs?  Art and literature have influenced our brand in every possible way. I knew I wanted to make the perfect sweater and cardigan with reoccurring artist collaborations and less common color palettes. And of course, we publish art and literary books, which is at the heart of what we do. This has always been the idea behind Hesperios. Sometimes working with an artist on a particular cardigan will influence the range of colors for the collection, but I usually have a well-defined palette from the very beginning. I often have Maria Sibylla Merian’s books around for reference.   As fashion is the second most polluting industry in the world, how does your brand support sustainable practices? I’m glad you asked. This is a long answer, but it is the most important question I am asked. Hesperios has been called a “sustainable brand,” and I’m not sure what that means or if any brand can be truly “sustainable,” but we are trying, every day. I have set very high standards in the way I’d like to run everything. We are a small team, but we all care and want to do things differently and thoughtfully rather than arbitrarily pushing out more product. I think we’ve had a head start as a new company forming good habits in the early stages, rather than having to unravel detrimental ones later on. Even so, it’s a constant process which requires a tremendous amount of time to research alternative materials and more efficient methods of production.  It was always my intention to create a well-made, high-quality product that would last forever and age well. Our collection began with a sweater; designed as something you can keep as an heirloom— quality over quantity. We produce two seasons a year, with limited releases in between, all of which are produced in low quantities, so we aren’t sitting on excessive inventory.   We also recycle our inventory in a way that I’m proud of. In our last three collections, we selected a few styles from our inventory, like our Gayle or Lou knit tank, and combined them with pleating to create our signature Paloma and Lola dresses. Our collection also consists of a core library of year-round knits, which means we can keep these on our website longer because they technically don’t fall out of style. If we have inventory in a color that hasn’t sold as well, we dye it sustainably. Timeless and well-made products retain their value.  All of our wovens are produced locally in New York City. This reduces the waste of packaging and shipping materials. We try to use as much deadstock, antique, and recycled materials as possible. We will never produce leather, and we’ve kept our material options to a minimum. I don’t plan on using cashmere or wool. We plan to use 100% organic cotton by next year, and we’re also in the planning phase of bringing our knit production in-house, so we are in control of all phases of production.   I wish building a company was just about telling stories and making beautiful things, but this is such a small fraction of what is required. There can be a myriad of factors and variables which influence every decision and sometimes can be overwhelming. But we approach everything with thoughtfulness and integrity in mind.  I’ve been a vegetarian for 18 years, and I’ve always been conscious of my environment. When I was 20, I lived on a permaculture and biodynamic farm in San Miguel de Allende, and when I moved back to the states, I viewed our resources differently. I think this experience has informed my life decisions going forward, and I’m constantly reminded of those lessons. I recently sat through the Earthlings documentary and was completely shaken. It takes you through all the industries that rely on animals and how corrupt so many industries are. After watching this, I wanted to begin taking steps to become vegan. I also became overwhelmed with all the lifestyle choices associated with this decision and that if I became vegan, I would want the brand to be as well. Suddenly, becoming vegan was harder than anything I’ve ever thought about doing, especially regarding fashion. Right now, I am gathering the facts so that it isn’t an overwhelming transition. Leather is everywhere. There is no reason when there are plenty of alternative materials to use for a handbag or a shoe. But then, you also have to be knowledgeable about how those materials are made and the waste or toxic threats they could be creating.   Patagonia has been a big inspiration for my colleagues and me. My best friend, Miye McCullough, is our Director of Operations, and she has a background in Conservation, so we are always talking about sustainability. She recommended a book called The Responsible Company by Vincent Stanley and Yvon Chouinard. It has been my ongoing resource for information. I recommend this book to everyone, both personally and professionally. You can learn from their past mistakes as a company, how transparent they are, and what they did to learn and improve not only their production but practices on a global scale. The bottom line is that it takes a community effort to create change. The book is also a reminder that while mistakes are inevitable, what counts is how we solve each problem.  Everyone on our team has a genuine interest in sustainability. We enjoy the research process equally as much as the creative one. I’ve been a member of an innovative design library ever since we started, which gives architects and designers access to sustainable, biodegradable, recyclable, certified organic materials around the world. They have an actual library you can walk through and scan swatch cards; giving you instant access to suppliers who produce bio-leather from pineapple juice.   I don’t want to turn a blind eye to our ecological crisis. If I’m made aware of something that isn’t right, I will go to great lengths to try and correct it and make it better. But I have to remind myself that it cannot happen overnight.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 Drop 1 launching today, October 8th, Zara aims to release their variations on the here to stay khaki and uniform stylized core pieces. For decades in DIY culture, core basics have been used as representation and a source of visual language to identify rebellion and counterculture. These two characteristics are still used as the main sources of inspiration to highlight individual style and remain part of being unbranded in a capitalistic society. As well as being inspired by figures involved in the arts, musicians, actors, artists, and so forth. Zara is taking classic clothing archetypes with this new SRPLS CHPTR 03 line, consisting of outerwear, shirts, pants, and accessories, remixing them with new proportions, cuts, and sews every release to give a new meaning. This will be the 3rd instalment of Zara’s bi-annual SRPLS collection, showcasing men and women collections as in the past, but for the first time a kid’s line will be available. The collection speaks on the military influenced clothes that have become part of the world’s wardrobe vernacular for the past 60 years in popular culture. Made from premium materials, in limited edition with three releases each season. The collection will be available online and in select stores across the US, Spain, Germany, UK, France, Italy, Poland, Japan and China. Photos courtesy of ZARA Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Gucci has begun accepting applications for the North American Changemakers program, which includes its $1.5 million Scholarship Program and its $5 million Impact Fund for nonprofit organizations, and they have brought a collaboration with DRØME Creative Director Satchel Lee to announce it. The grant and scholarship open call announcement invites young people and nonprofits to apply to be Gucci Changemakers.  Earlier this year, Gucci announced its North American Changemakers Program, working in alignment with the company’s vision for garnering a greater social impact and pushing diversity and equity forward within the fashion industry. The film announcing the open call for applications was narrated by Changemakers Council Co-Chair, Poet, and Author Cleo Wade, and allowed for young people to share their own stories. Wade stated, “Change does not happen in theory, it happens in community. We are bringing the Gucci Changemakers initiative to life by bringing not only funds, but also time, energy, and care to communities that have been historically and systemically under resourced and overlooked for too long.” Both of the programs aim to do exactly that. They give to and prioritize historically underrepresented and marginalized communities in order to allow for the advancement of the youth and nonprofit organizations hoping to create broader change, starting within their own communities.  Learn more on applications and eligibility at www.changemakersus.gucci.com. Photos and video courtesy of Gucci Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   GUCCI jacket, pants, and shoes.  BEN SHERMAN top and pants, BRUNO MAGLI boots. The singer-songwriter and actor Chord Overstreet surprised a lot of his fans when, in 2015, he left behind his acting days on Glee to pursue a career in music. The son of Grammy-award-winning country music singer-songwriter Paul Overstreet, Chord had grown up surrounded by music, which he quickly developed an affinity for. Once he formed his own band, Overstreet, the singer was already opening for Demi Lovato and Nick Jonas on their Future Now Tour. After releasing some well-received tracks, the band came along with their first EP earlier this year Man on the Moon, Overstreet is back with the new track “My Ex.“ Flaunt sat down with Chord Overstreet and discussed his relationship with music, songwriting, and his newest single “My Ex”. I wanted to ask you a little bit about your upbringing. You were brought up by a Grammy award-winning father, you have a music-related name—it’s almost as if it was predetermined that you would be involved with music. It was probably my dad’s way of nudging me out the door with a guitar in my hand. I was the third one born into my family, and there’s three notes in a chord, so my dad and mom had names like that for everybody. My sister’s name is Harmony, like a four-part harmony, and a brother named Nash for Nashville, so everyone’s got a wacky name.  How would you say your relationship with music has evolved throughout your childhood up until today?  My relationship with music started out when I was really young and my dad introduced me to Elvis, the Beatles, and James Taylor. The stuff that I responded to was the lyrical content—songs with a story that helped you stepping out of reality, just being in your head and going wherever the music takes you. Lyrics first for me is where I always go, such as James Taylor and Bob Dylan, guys who were really able to paint a world.  Branching out into your own musical career—did you always want to do that, or was it a more recent decision after Glee?  I always did it just because I grew up around it. When I first moved out to LA, I was trying to get the acting thing going, and I had my guitar—it was always there. I never thought about it too much, I just always did it. I would be writing and I would be playing. Everything I got involved in and it worked always coincidentally had music involved, it kept chasing after me. I also always had the desire to do what my dad was doing. When I was probably 17 and playing football—I wanted to play pro football—I got a knee injury and was on Oxycontin on the couch. I was playing video games and my dad was like “Turn that damn game off and write a song!” So I picked up the guitar and couldn’t put it down.   That’s amazing. It’s good that it stuck, because I remember my parents forcing me to learn the piano at a young age, and I would get so bored by it. But then, the love for music sticks with you. It’s interesting because, when you’re a kid and taking music lessons, you don’t necessarily have the drive and determination —although some people do—to push that as a kid and develop those skills. Thank God that parents make kids take lessons because when you’re older, it’s there. I’m really thankful for my mom driving me to guitar lessons. It’s about having the foresight to see that it would be useful someday. Of course, I saw my dad do it, and he obviously taught me a lot about songwriting. My dad said something interesting to me. He had a rough childhood—he came from a broken home—and yet was always very positive in his songwriting, his message was really uplifting. Somebody asked him where his inspiration comes from when he’s writing, and he responded that he always wrote about how he wished his life was, not how it actually was, how he wanted it to be. I thought that was really cool, to be able to twist anything and make a positive message out of it. I’ve learned a lot from him out of my 30 years of studying him. I was really blessed that he put great music in front of me for me to learn from versus some of the stuff that’s pretty bad [laughs].  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. From all of these influences, how is it that you came to the sound you have now? I have a lot of modern influences even just in production, with the sound and current alternative stuff. Finding your niche within that, going back and taking some older retro production vibes and going in some of that—I would say it came from a lot of trial and error, honestly, just throwing a bunch of things at the wall. I was frustrated with not having a sound, so I went back and listened to a lot of Beach Boys stuff, as well as diving into deep tracks of music, while always wanting to make stuff that lasts for a long time. You find inspiration from the best.   You’re getting what inspiration you can from different artists and injecting it into your own style. Exactly. It’s like I really liked the way they presented that sound, how they had fifty different voices way back then, and just finding your own voice within that. A lot of the stuff I love listening to is just stuff that I want to drive to. Then I did a bunch of tours with just me and an acoustic, that singer-songwriter stuff. That’s a different side of me that is there, but after a while you just want to put on a rock show, you want to have fun, you want to express yourself and do crazy shit and not give a fuck about anybody.  GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and talents own ring. That’s actually what I wanted to ask you about next, about your shift from performing solo to having a band. It makes sense that you did it like your father before with the singer-songwriter aspect, and then you wanted to branch out.  That side of it for me is about expressing your emotions. You’ll to be up there, you’re vulnerable, and pouring your soul out. The band stuff and the energy—the crowd has so much to do with it. It’s such a release to be able to express yourself, and be that big, and be that loud, and to do whatever the fuck you wanna do. There’s such a rush in that, and when you go on and perform, you just black out—from the time it starts to the time it ends. Then all of a sudden I’m going, “Wait, is it over? Did that just happen?” It’s almost like its own drug, which you can get out of the singer-songwriter stuff, but that’s a little more therapeutic, and reliving some dark, heavier stuff.  You also have this support network of the rest of your band with you on stage.  Yeah. It’s fun to be able to make music with your friends, to shake out all of your anxiety, and nerves. I’m not a great dancer, so on stage I can just do the weirdest, craziest, stupidest stuff, and not give a fuck. That’s one of the things I like. That’s the only time you’re gonna see me blow off steam. It’s almost like you turn into a different person, which I love. That has a very similar connection with me that acting does. When acting, you get to disappear for a second. GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and KSWISS shoes. I really like that, because there’s also this other side of performing that’s filled with nerves, and you’re always worried about what people will think. But when it’s right for you, you just melt into it.  Once you say, “Fuck it,” and jump off…The first time I started doing live stuff with a band, I was learning my body, and how I move, and how I do things. But then, once you rip the band aid off and learn to not give a shit, to just have fun and move around like nobody’s watching…that’s the best. Once you can take that jump, it’s fun.  Great. I’m wondering, what artists today would you like to collaborate with if you had the opportunity? I would love to collaborate with Sting or, I listened to a lot of Aerosmith growing up they were probably one of my favorite bands. I don’t know what that would sound like, but probably more so the legends. Just to be able to say I did it and pick their brain. To get into their headspace and see what their creative process is like. Yeah, I’d ask a lot of questions like, “Hey, when you wrote ‘Dude (Looks Like a Lady),’ what was the story behind that? I’d probably be the most annoying person sitting next to them, because I would be asking them so many questions. I find that the process of songwriting is so different for everybody that “What inspired this, what inspired this, what inspired this” might open your eyes to all the things around you that you wouldn’t normally pay attention to.  BEN SHERMAN t-shirt, KENZO pants, and BALLY shoes. Going off of that, I want to ask you a similar question about your upcoming single “My Ex.” The songs on your Man on the Moon EP have a lot to do with past relationships and the effect they had on you. How does this single play off that? What inspired this direction that you’re going in? I wrote this song the next day after running into one of my exes. I ran into her at the bar and she was with one of her friends, and I used to hang out with both of them when we were together. I run into this person all the time, and I ran into her, and every time I run into her she’s with her boyfriend. It’s a little odd, because he’s just a little bit odd about it. We’re cool though, I love her to death she’s super sweet. She started flirting with me a little bit, talking and drinking. To make a long story short, we hung out and afterwards I felt like she was making a move on me—not that I would’ve done anything. Then her boyfriend showed up and the whole vibe completely changed. I found all of this really interesting, so the next day when I went into the studio to write, I started working on the track with my buddy, and in thirty minutes I had the song written. The thing I thought was interesting was, what if I actually did go home with my ex-girlfriend and she left her current boyfriend? I just thought that would’ve been an interesting hypothetical situation, because once you had that relationship with somebody, there’s always something that’s underneath a little bit. You’re always wondering “What if it turned out differently?  When you’re young, relationships end for reasons that when you’re older I’m sure they never would. There’s probably a reason and a good reason it did end. I self-examine a lot of my dating life. It’s an easy thing for me to really look at that while I’m writing.  That’s a positive thing—self-examination, looking at how everything went down and how you can change for the future—it’s a very good thing. It’s very much like therapy.  Like self-therapy almost.  It is difficult to analyze yourself without you running through your own protective filter. When something happens in a relationship, people see it from a slanted view where they end up not being as harsh on themselves as they are on the person they’re breaking up with. Being that way with yourself can be tough.  KENZO jacket and pants. Very true. My final question is, you know how people usually get an impression of an artist whenever they listen to their album or a single. I’m wondering, with the debut album you’re releasing next year, is there a specific impression you want people to get of you, whether as a person or as a musician? That’s a good question. My goal for this next batch of songs is—everybody relates to love, loss, things changing. They might not relate to the exact story, but everybody has felt that way, everyone has had that emotion. Being able to really put out emotions that are relatable, that hard stuff that you don’t really want to talk about, or being able to share the good feelings. It’s about being able to emote and give people something they can relate to.  They end up feeling an emotional connection to it. They have a connection to the music. Even if it is specific to my story. That’s probably the main goal.  That’s probably the main unifier between people and music—the ability to connect with an emotion or lyric, anything about it—it’s great.  It could just be a lyric, it could be something that makes you say “I felt that way.” Even Drake with “Why you gotta fight with me at Cheesecake Factory/ You know I love to go there.” That’s funny, and it’s real. I think it’s genius how specific that is, because you can’t make that shit up.  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. It’s specific enough that you can imagine being in a similar situation. Everybody has got into a fight with somebody at a place like that. Cheesecake Factory is just—I think that’s hilarious. Drake does that better than anyone. Great. That’s it on my part, is there anything you wanted to talk about that we haven’t touched on? We talked about the sound, the inspiration…The one thing I also wanted to talk about…just the…I guess we talked about it. Letting people in and getting a good look at who I actually am and what goes on behind the curtains, what grinds my gears I guess. Especially with this new project you’re doing, it’s a new path, and for people to see that and get their impression of you, it’s really important. It’s new for me, but it’s also thirty years of  my experience in self-discovery, and giving people a look into the reality of where I’ve been and where I’ve come from, that’s really important. That’s great. We very much look forward to your new material.  Yeah, I’m constantly writing, so hopefully I’ll get a bunch of new stuff out there.  Photographed by Jonny Marlow at Early Morning Riot. Styled by Brendon Alexander. Grooming: Avian King using Davines at The Rex Agency. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   A woman with a past containing hardships to a future where she can clearly see what she wants, Diana Gordon is back with her new single, “Becoming” which is all about celebrating hard work, being in control, and having her family by her side. She is a multi talented woman who sings, song writes, produces, and is a visual artist. Diana is not afraid to be herself and through her voice and singing, she has been able to have an emotional outlet. Her music is a mix of rhythmic drums, alternative rock, and dark folk, which create a melodic base for her powerful and captivating voice.  Diana has won Grammys in the past for her songwriting and producing work with many prominent artists, including Mark Ronson, Dua Lipa (“Electricity”), Beyonce ("Sorry", "Daddy Lessons", "Don't Hurt Yourself'), and more.  Her 2018 EP Pure was described by Pitchfork as being, “marked by her striking voice and emotional candor.” Diana has an album set to come out next year and will follow the tone of her new single “Becoming.”   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The high desert has remained as popular as it was 40 years ago to getaway to, when your dad was planning a Joshua Tree trip with his buddies and forgot to pack the trail mix, as well as the good suede boston birkenstock’s.  HWY 62 ART TOURS is becoming one of the fastest growing attractions taking place over 3 weekends in October, featuring 150 artists opening their studios to showcase artwork.  Part of the fun derrives from its self-driven aspect, furtherly explained by Art Tours Director, Bill Green: “The best thing about the Art Tours is that you never know what you’ll discover. With over 30 different categories of art, you might see a tile house followed by an abstract painter followed by a sculptor. You get to choose what you want based on your interest. There are so many different artists here with unique studio spaces that you can’t possibly see them all. It’s a big reason why we went to three weekends this year.” This special desert art tour taking place under the stars will take place this month in October over the spand of 3 weeks.  Weekend Oct. 5th & 6th, the 11th & 12th, and lastly the 18th & 19th. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Photo courtesy Nike. This is what we have been waiting for. In Los Angeles, Nike is coming out with limited-edition Air Max 270 React sneakers and fleece hoodies. Not only are they limited-edition, they are specially-designed by three talented L.A. artists: Sage Adams, Jheyda McGarrell, and Gabrielle Richardson. Each artist used their stories to create a this new collection of sneakers and hoodies, incorporating their unique style and flare. Flaunt was fortunate enough to get to chat with the women, see below.  SAGE ADAMS: The NY Transplant “Designed by artist and curator Sage Adams, this Air Max 270 React is a reinvention of the classic white shoe that Adams saw in her childhood. The shoe comes outfitted with a pizza slice charm to nod to the classic comfort from her home-state, a reminder to pay tribute to your roots.” What inspired you to pursue art? For me the lack of representation of marginalized people as popular visual artists really spoke to a gap I wanted to fill. We needed more than Basquiat, we needed to know Carrie Mae Weems, Kara Walker, Henry Taylor! I needed to see more of a spectrum of the stories being told and mediums used.  Do you feel that art has opened up new possibilities for expression for you?  Art In many ways has taken over how I see the world. Before I started breaking things down into shape rather than how they ‘actually look’ was the moment I began to feel like an artist. It’s opened my mind to an array of possibilities otherwise deemed impossible. I didn’t even think I could draw as a kid. What is the process you go through when curating an exhibition? Do you have a specific message in mind? For me it’s getting to know the artist and what made them make the thing and then it’s how do these things come together to tell the story.  What connects the works, what makes them different from other pieces in archive? What medium? What does the architecture of the actual gallery space look like? Creating an authentic representation of an idea or ethos is one of the hardest and most rewarding things there is.   JHEYDA MCGARRELL: The Homegrown Angeleno “L.A. native artist Jheyda McGarrell’s take on the Air Max 270 React is influenced by her Black and Mexican upbringing. Pops of red pay homage to rose bushes grown in the front yard of her childhood home, while gold accents represent the evolving idea of opulence for Black and Brown communities. Topped off with a cherub charm, a reminder to honor traditions and use the lessons of the past to keep it moving forward.” Questions for Jhyeda Mcgarrell: How does your heritage, as an Angeleno of both Black and Mexican decent, reflect onto your artwork? My heritage is reflected in all of my work due to the heavy impact of it in my formation. The contention of growing up experiencing all these different aspects of culture and tradition is an experience many without their stories ever been told. This specific project in my mind has worked to piece together the different aspects of the different culture backgrounds, that our two cultures share. This shoe to me bridges the created tension of an American landscape. It shows the ways we are one and the ways people like me live between these different ideologies and physical spaces. It bridges the weird black kid in the white neighborhood to the dark skinned mixed Mexican kid growing up with Tias smoothing down their curls and gives us space to just be all our different facets without contention.  What was the most rewarding and challenging part of this process? The most rewarding part in this has been seeing the smile on my mom’s face when I told her I was working on a collaboration with Nike. The most challenging but also rewarding part has been working with an entire crew of people to execute an idea which is still relatively new to me. It’s so beautiful to see all these brilliant, different minds working to make something I once imagined.  What do you hope people feel when they wear your shoes/hoodie? Confidence? Individuality?  I hope when they wear the apparel they feel like they are truly reflecting their highest self. I hope they feel comfortable and free. I hope they feel every good emotion that has been out into the making and the lifestyle behind the creation. I hope they feel loved because I know I do from them.  What qualities do you see in yourself that you know you got from your family? Pretty much everything. My family is completely made up of immigrants and all of the qualities I’ve gained from their strength and preservation in a country against them is appreciated. I have learned love and a desire to improve our lives and the lives around us and to honor heritage. I have learned even the qualities they might oppose in me. I have learned to always crave freedom and to always have a strong sense of self among so many other things.  It is so amazing that you get to work with Nike to be a source of inspiration for many people. What has inspired you, and in return, what do you want your work to inspire in others?  Thank you! It is literally such an honor. I’ve been inspired by everyone around me embodying the phrase “existence is resistance”. I’ve been inspired by the black, the brown, the indigenous, the queer, the trans, the fat, the disabled, the people who make up the qualities most worth embodying, utter freedom of expression and true strength. I hope my work inspires people to follow myself and others in moving forward towards freeing themselves and seeing the value in their everyday life, even when it’s boring, even if you hate yourself, like I did once and still do sometimes, I hope they know they are important.  GABRIELLE RICHARDSON: The Passionate Traveler “Neon meets pastel in a technicolor dream in the Air Max 270 React designed by model and multimedia artist Gabrielle Richardson. The colorway exhibits the dichotomy of the modern-day jetsetter — neon being those moments of movement, and pastels representing the comforts of home. Embellished with a ‘Real’ charm, an encouragement to make creative dreams a reality without letting others restrict your point of view.” Questions for Gabby Richardson: Which place that you’ve travelled to been the most influential, or just your favorite and why? I think the most influential place I’ve ever been is in Cape Town, South Africa. It was beautiful to be in a majority black country, but still felt a sense of disillusion being in a country with such an intense racial caste system. I felt so lucky to be in Africa, a continent that felt so connected to my identity but where I had never been. I met so many young talented South African artists in Cape Town who shared their art with me, and it reinforced my drive to do better to create and facilitate spaces for young black kids globally. What do you want people to feel or think when wearing your design? I want people to feel validated, I want to give people hope. I want people to know, in our constant shared state of anxiety that we live in that there is a silver lining. I used the neon colors because they’re utilitarian colors used often in industrial and emergency settings, I offset the abrasive colors with pastels to give it a sense of softness, and a sheer window so people can show off their personality. I think the real chain is self-explanatory, what you do, whatever you want to do, that shits real, that shits valid, don’t let anyone limit you and tell you that your aspirations are fake. What does it mean for you to be a part of Nike’s limited edition collection? It feels crazy! I As a child I never thought it was a possibility for me to work in the creative world and even more of a ludicrous fantasy to be able to have my own shoe. I think it’s a testament that any dream you have can be built. This journey with Nike has been a really formative experience for me as artist, I have never been so affirmed in my artistry. I was able to direct so many aspects of the campaign from the casting, color ways, and insert in the shoe. Being believed in is a magic that I want to pass on. Everything can be real!! What does travel mean to you? Through my time traveling I’ve realized that I learn mostly through experience. Through meeting people and exchanging stories of each other’s lives, I not only gain an objective knowledge but also broaden my emotional intelligence. A willingness to learn doesn't have to only connote traditional practices of learning, an education can be childlike and involves a lot of falling and getting back up. Traveling allows to see me to see the world for the first time always, everything and anything can fill me with wonder.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    WILDFOX clothing.  WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, JF LONDON shoes, ASOS belt, and KRYSIA RENAI necklace.  WILDFOX clothing and DALMATA necklace and ring.  WILDFOX clothing, B JAMES bag, WOLF CIRCUS necklace, and FARRADAS KNITS clips.  WILDFOX t-shirt and CLYDE hat  WILDFOX clothing, ASOS headband, IMAGO-A belt, and MALONE SOULIERS shoes.  WILDFOX clothing and MISCREANTS gloves.   Left to right: WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, VIA SPIGA shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. WILDFOX sunglasses, MALONE SOULIERS shoes, FARRADAS KNITSearrings, I.O. COLLECTIVE ring, and NORA KOGAN ring.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings.  WILDFOX clothing, TIBI belt, LADY GREY earrings, and MARY MACGILL necklace.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. In a city more rife with wantrepreneurs than we care to truly consider, there are origin stories aplenty. Divided this in two, split that up, and presto! Success! Took the family business and scaled it. Had an invention idea come in a dream and now we're shipping ten thousand units. Was in the right place at the right time. Knew a guy who knew a guy and the rest is history. Often rather boring stories. But how often do you hear of success stories that originate in the club? Business is done in clubs, business is celebrated in clubs, but rarely do you witness material success be birthed in the club. Enter saxophonist and entrepreneur Jimmy Sommers, CEO of Wildfox and 100% owner of the lifestyle brand known for its sun-soaked, sexy California attitude. In addition to being Wildfox CEO, Jimmy Sommers is a partner in top shelf tequila, Perfectomundo, with multi-Grammy winning DJ and producer, Paul Oakenfold, and owns a boutique line of beautifully hand-forged eyewear, very appropriately named Sommers.  Wildfox was birthed over a decade ago. While throwing must-attend parties all over the world, and made in LA units flying fast, the company navigated the economic recession and explosion of e-commerce with a big smile on its face. The birth of influencer marketing across Instagram, however, and a glut of fast, cheap fashion brands, have created challenges in recent seasons, and Sommers is continually seeking ways in which to stay true to how his brand was built and scaled, while integrating a modern sensibility for how fashion is currently consumed. Sommers took time on the deck of his Modern home in the Hollywood Hills, to speak on the changes he's witnessed in the apparel industry, as well as Los Angeles, as well as his only-in-Hollywood story of rising to musical prominence, and in so doing, creating a platform for himself with which to meet the world and explore other ventures. In support is a Wildfox Fall '19 editorial, photographed on the azure hills of Malibu late this summer by frequent Flaunt photographer, Shane McCauley. You found your footing in Hollywood with an exceptional saxophone talent right?  Exactly, being good at something was my way in. The saxophone was my in to Hollywood, in to different events, meeting people. It was a tool. I used the sax as a tool. In college I got a scholarship for it. Then I got to take a crack at LA because I had a reason: to become a professional saxophone player. I was very fortunate to have parents that are supportive and together still, which is rare. They’re my backbone.   And what sort of evolutions have you observed in the music industry over time? The music industry is… well, it’s funny because when I came out here there was something called smooth jazz, and there were jazz and smooth jazz stations. I grew up listening to David Sanborn and Marcus Miller and their style was my key influence. I had gigs all the time. But that’s changed and so has my music career. I used to go on tour all the time. So, the radio stations changed their formats and then comes Hip-Hop. When I was out here recording, it was Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg and Tupac and that era, which was cool shit—it still is cool—but now it’s a whole new and different thing.  You actually mentioned you recorded with all manner of artists at the time, like Tupac himself? Well it just happened that Dr. Dre and Tupac’s engineer lived in my house on Sunset. That’s how it came to be. All of the sudden I was exposed to this music, so then I was playing with them… What’s interesting is that when I was out here, I played saxophone at the China Club, and the China Club is where all the musicians came. I played with Prince, I played with the Kal David band. Rick James came to play. I was immersed with all these great musicians. And what was the sort of lightning bolt moment that deepened your involvement? I was a guest at a part of John Paul DeJoria’s house, the guy that started Paul Mitchell. I was at the bar drinking Patrón with Rod Stewart, who I had just met. We got to laughing and I said, “Rod, let’s go play with the band. I’ve got my sax in the car.” I went to get out my sax and next thing we’re on stage with the band. And that’s where JP was like, ‘Wow, you’re great.’ I didn’t have a record deal at the time, but he was like, ‘How can I help you? Come to my office.’ So inspiring. So I end up playing his gatherings where ten thousand people come, all his hairdressers. He puts a package together, about a hundred and fifty thousand CDs, and distributes them at the salons, which was a catapult to me getting a record deal. It was outside the box, and that really helped me stand out from the rest. That’s what he does. He builds people up. All of the sudden, when my record was done, all of the record labels wanted some. That’s when I ended up getting into the record business with Universal. They pushed me because JP believed in me. And what a vision. He actually started Patrón Tequila 29 years ago, sold it for five billion bucks. And what is he doing now? Giving back. He’s doing great things, and he’s always done that. Doesn’t just go buy a yacht or whatever. He’s such a humanitarian. The guy is just too good to be true. WILDFOX clothing And now you’ve launched your own tequila brand, Perfectomundo? My best friend met someone that owned the best distillery in Mexico. He said ‘we have the best blend of Tequila,’ so we decided to make it. We ended up collaborating with Paul Oakenfold to do Perfectomundo tequila, which is the same name as Paul’s label. It seemed like a good fit. It’s nice to have a business with friends that you can enjoy. We started it a couple years ago, and it’s doing great, and God damn you should try it. It’s delicious! Tequila’s growing big time. And ours has been rated in several shows and tastings, it’s won a lot of awards. The problem with these big tequila companies is they can’t make it fast enough. So they pump it through, and it’s not as good anymore. Being a boutique brand, it’s small batches, and extremely good. Has LA changed a lot to you since coming here? Oh man, in so many ways. To start, there was no bottle service. You’d go out, it wasn’t all the phones with the cameras. You’d go out there, you’d talk to people, not everyone was staring at their phones. That’s just in general, not just LA. But it’s not the same as it used to be. It still is beautiful. It’s still got talented people. Beautiful beaches, you know, beautiful hills. I suppose it’s just that technology has changed.   And how did you make the music to fashion transition? Were you inspired by something in general? Being in that circuit, going to Paris, seeing all that, the fashion shows and having friends in the fashion business was major. And what goes on in London, Paris, Milan—it's so different. Music propelled me to go and experience the world and fortunately enough there came an opportunity to get involved in something else. I knew what was going on in fashion, I was going to the trade shows, seeing what people were doing out there. And to put a different spin on something was key. These two girls came and pitched an idea, something different with a t-shirt company. Oversized, different shapes, something completely different. That’s when we first launched Wildfox. And of course it blew up. Was there a key moment in time? A couple girls came to me with an idea. I said as long as it’s the coziest, softest material, I’m down. That’s what I was going for—the best materials with the right washes. But, we couldn’t even get into the majors, because we had just started. One day, a friend, Alessandra Ambrosio, said, ‘Jimmy Sommers, I’ll model for you. I’ll put your clothes on and I’ll take some pictures. But you do it! You take the pictures.’ So when she was in town, I threw the T-Shirts on her. I had never done this before, so I went to Samy’s Camera and said, ‘Give me your best camera.; It was a 5D and I said, ‘Well, what do you do? I’m shooting a Victoria’s Secret model, what do you do?’ And they just go, ‘Yeah right, sir. Just put it in auto.”’ So, I bought the camera for five grand and went and she put on all the shirts. Then Alessandra was like, ‘Well you can’t use these because Victoria’s Secret is going to get mad.’ So, I said, ‘Ok, of course not, I won’t use these.’ Then, at the trade show, I blew up the biggest photo of her, which was overlooking the whole show. People took notice, and the first order I got was a $60,000 order from Kitson. And I go, ‘How did you see us over here? We’re not even in the main show!?’ And of course they said ‘well, we saw that poster of Alessandra.’ Of course, I was in debt, so it was so great. Alessandra was the key thing. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. How would you describe the identity of the Wildfox brand, how it came to be a force? I’d say along the lines of, ‘Oh, that’s the brand with the softest material,’ the funny sayings, ‘celebrities wear it’, that sorta thing. As the current Wildfox CEO, I ensure we make all our clothes in LA, and it’s great stuff that’ll last forever. Quality. Any person that has a shirt since we started is still wearing it—I’m wearing one right now. They’re out there and they’ve got a frickin’ Wildfox—especially in LA and New York and London—they have something of ours in their closet. Now these other brands come, these fast fashion brands that have Internet money, and it’s cheaper clothes. And there’s all this paying people to wear stuff. We never had to do that when I started. And there’s a lot of that now. Yes, and the mimicry scales so fast. There’s a lot of copycat brands, but what can you do? Just be original. When I started as Wildfox CEO, we thought simply: let’s make t-shirts like butter. The softest t-shirts ever. People say that our first shirts are like fine wine. They just keep getting better and better. They don’t fall apart. Now we have to keep evolving and doing other things. From dresses and higher fashion stuff. Everyone still loves a good shirt and sweats and loungewear, but you have to watch where the world is up to. And now we’re all watching each other on little screens? Yes! Instagram wasn’t around when we started. In fact, we were one of the first accounts to get so many followers. Now, everyone’s influenced by it, which is kind of sad, because it can easily get carried away. It’s good to get these people’s support, but you know… these influencers have so much coming to them. If someone likes a brand, they’ll wear it and talk about it. I talk about a lot of things I like. But, like, one post? It’s not sincere. Left to right: CLYDE hat, JF LONDON shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. CLYDE hat, HARDEMAN shoes, stylist’s own socks, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings. And have you felt tested by owning a company, dealing with the ebbs and flows from the top? Of course. Having a company, you’re working with people, spending more time with your colleagues than anyone. It’s nice to do special things and, hey, if you can be successful and be funny as a company, isn’t that great for everyone involved? Me, being an artist, I get carried away a little and spend too much, and it catches up. This month we are restructuring our offices, tightening up my business. Now we have all these incredible new designs, and there’s excitement at first, then a little stagnancy. Like a relationship. You have to keep tooling and pushing. And do you feel the trajectory is normal for a brand, like a cycle, or is Jimmy Sommers’ Wildfox different?  There are unique circumstances to Wildfox and then much of it is normal high’s and low’s for any brand. Looking back, when you’re rising every year, a lot of big brands would call me and I gave them the middle finger because I thought everything was going to keep going up. ‘I don’t need this, everything's fine.’ But sometimes you do need someone to come in and give some help. It’s been my strategy to stay a one hundred percent owner, but I'm always looking for a strategic partner who can grow it bigger and bigger. You’re always hearing about the pitfalls of growth in the fashion and apparel industry. Any truth to that? You get cocky, but, you know, the consistent factor is you always need some really good people around. I’m still dealing with people that I find out they were faking it. It’s like, what was I doing for the last seven years paying you a hundred and twenty grand? What were you doing? Because I love it when people leave or go and you don’t even need to replace them. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. And how about outside insights or consultation? Not being from this business, I’ve hired a lot of consultants. I’ve figured out that they’ve told me everything I was already doing. With consultants, I’ve learned they’re typically the failed CEOs of their own businesses, or CEOs that got fired, and they want a lot of money. Every consultant I’ve taken aboard hasn’t changed shit. They’ll move certain things around and they’re just shuffling papers. They’ll come in and paper shuffle, and it’s like ‘Oh my God, how much money am I spending?’ So perhaps it’s more in the creative structure? Who at this stage might you think to be an ideal partner? It’s got to be a funny cat. Look at Pharrell! He’s got all this crazy music, he’s great. We’ve met a few times and once I was like, ‘Aren’t you doing fashion?’ and he named four different companies. Wow, what a talent. So someone like that I’d like to get in the mix. New approach on creative ideas. Even Nike does all these things. Collaborations are big business these days. It sparks energy into something, so I’m looking for collabs and there’s a lot of possibilities. Jimmy, aside from being Wildfox CEO and tequila entrepreneur, how about your personal trajectory? Any excerpts from the book of life? All you can do is just learn from life and other people. But you have to trust other people so you truly can learn from them. And that doesn’t always work out, but you have to try. ‘If you look back,’ my father used to ask me, ‘would you change anything?’ You know what, no I wouldn’t. But maybe I have to say that because my father asked me! And how about music? You’re still keeping an eye on the scene? I’m always supporting new artists, as I was one back in the day. Lately I’ve been signing country artists. I know how it is, it’s tough. So it’s nice for me to help out other people, and not just for one song. You have to throw a lot in there and see what sticks. I did that with my music. I worked on three albums at once, and could never finish anything! But then I’d be putting together a record in Chicago, and I’d meet someone and they’d be like, ‘Let’s have ten songs in three months.’ And I was like, ‘Wow, that works.’ Deadlines are important! CLYDE hat, TIBI shoes, IMAGO-A bag, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace. And you’re building a studio up here in the Hills? It’s pretty amazing, the sound. I have a great sound system up here, and you can really hear when someone knows how to record, or mix. Man, that’s a big deal, the mixing. My favorite place to create is like this, where something sounds good. You know, in the Hills, in the studio. That’s why Tupac and everyone used to roll through back in the day! I had a recording studio! That’s why I’m building a new one up here. It’s a special spot. When you’re first in the Hills, you look out there and you’re thinking ‘Wow, I wanna move out here.’ And so I’ve always lived in the Hills, from all the way around. Like seven different houses, and I finally bought one. I look out, and I see the city sparkling, and all those people and their lives from here to as far as you can see, and you’re just on top of the hill, on top of the world. It feels frickin’ good, and it still does. And how’s it all going to land? What’s the big picture look like? Well, it would be nice to have a great relationship, and kids, and this and that. But who knows? Let’s just say I’m gonna die however, but with a smile on my face. Peter Fonda just passed away, and you know, his sister Jane, that’s what she said, that he ‘passed but he had a smile on his face.’ It’s like, have a good ride, because we’re not here forever. Photographed by Shane McCauley.  Flaunt Film Directed by Lucas Chemotti. Models: Dani Dolinger at LA Models and Patterson Wells at Visions Models LA. Styled by Britton Litow. Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co and Oribe at Nest Artists. Makeup: Cedric Jolivet using MAC Cosmetics at Lowe & Co. Manicurist: Lisa Jachno using Chanel Le Vernis at Opus Beauty. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019 The contemporary jewelry line, AGMES, is the brainchild of Morgan and Jaclyn Solomon. Each collection is influenced by facets of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art. The geometric and sculptural, metallic silhouettes reflect modern heirlooms, meant to last a lifetime. Handcrafted in New York, the sisters provide local jobs and utilize recycled metals, which is central to their code of ethicality. With the release of their Fall 2019 lookbook, Flaunt spoke with the Solomon gals to chat all things AGMES. Tell us about the inception of AGMES. Morgan Solomon: We hadn’t anticipated starting a line together years ago, it all happened naturally and kind of fell into place this way. I was working as a buyer at Bloomingdale’s at the time but always felt like something was missing in my life. After catching up with an old friend, I was re-inspired and decided to pursue jewelry design full-time. Meanwhile, Jaclyn had just resigned from her job as a sweater designer at Proenza Schouler. She had planned to take a little time off, but as I was getting ready to launch my first collection, I was asking her for more and more input. It started out with small projects, to larger projects like producing our first lookbook, and naturally led us to form a partnership. What aspects of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art inspire the geometry of your designs? MS: Our collection is very sculptural in nature, so we’re often inspired by sculptors such as Jean Arp, Henry Moore, and Barbara Hepworth, to name a few. We’ve also been greatly inspired by the designs of Charlotte Perriand, Pierre Jeanneret, and Mies van der Rohe. For our most recent SS19 collection, we drew from Ellsworth Kelly’s plant drawings. What dedications has the brand made in regards to sustainability?  MS: Sustainability has always been very important to us, but we feel that now more than ever, it’s crucial to keep our environmental footprint as small as possible. There is so much waste in this industry, and we think it’s our responsibility to make sure we’re not adding to the problem. All our products are made locally in NYC, which helps keep our carbon footprint small, and we use only recycled metals for all our jewelry. Any excess metal that hasn’t been used in our jewelry is melted and repurposed for new pieces.  Jaclyn Solomon: We recycle and reuse everything we can. We’re always bringing in bubble wrap, packaging materials, boxes, etc. from packages we receive at home so that we can reuse them instead of letting them go to waste. What are some of the ideas and concepts behind your Fall 2019 collection? JS: We drew from one of our favorite pieces from the existing collection, the Gabriela Bangle, which we had hand-formed from clay. We love the weight of this piece, the feel of it, and the look. So we wanted to continue playing with this sculptural hand-formed look, but play with the proportions and symmetry further. Most of this collection came from pieces we hand-formed from clay. Do you have a favorite piece from the collection? JS: My favorite is the Gabriela Hairclip! MS: I’ve been wearing the Medium Celia Hoops almost every day lately. And I’ve also been wearing our Domed Ring layered with the Cara Ring from last season. I love being able to build off the styles I already have.  What’s next?  MS: We’ve only just begun expanding into the accessories category – first jewelry, and then we introduced some home and hair accessories. We’ve been exploring the idea of expanding further into these categories, in a way that stays true to us – beautiful organic forms, all of which will become modern heirlooms and embody a sense of timelessness. Photography: Arno Frugier Creative direction: Ashley Helvey Model: Audrey Marnay Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                                     For those that aren’t privy to the beach paradise that is Montauk, NY, all it takes is a step into Bob Melet’s Melet Mercantile to gather its essence: Warm Weather and Vintage Nostalgia. The private showroom turned vintage retail store features almost everything timeless, from wall mounted fish to vinyl records, and this summer: GUCCI. As the collection pursues a community driven interest in connecting the past with the present by way of 80’s style tailoring and varying styles of loafer’s, its summer twist is granted in both utility and choice of material; featuring items like Wicker Hand Bags and Raffia Palm Wide Brim Hats to name a few.  Photo Courtesy of GUCCI Photo Courtesy of GUCCI  Almost as fast as summer seems to pass, and despite how sad we may be about it, this vacay driven collection is only set to last from July 3rd - July 28. It is during this time that Melet Mercantile will feature Gucci classics like floral wall prints and maximalist ornamentation atop a wide range of Melet’s signature vintage goods. While the collection’s retail may be brief, its impact intends to ensure future summer fun, as GUCCI’s contributions to local foundations such as Montauk Playhouse Community Center Foundation and A Walk On Water support the very thing that inspired this collection: Montauk’s free-spirited, beach town community. GUCCI x Melet Mercantile will be open from July 3 - July 28, 11:00 am -6:00 pm. Located at 102 Industrial Road, Montauk, NY Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Courtesy of Valentino Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    BT21 X UNIQLO  BT21 X UNIQLO  BT21 X UNIQLO  BT21 X UNIQLO  BT21 X UNIQLO  BT21 X UNIQLO  BT21 X UNIQLO  BT21 X UNIQLO  BT21 X UNIQLO  BT21 X UNIQLO  BT21 X UNIQLO  BT21 X UNIQLO  BT21 X UNIQLO BTS, aka the Bangtan Boys, are transforming the music scene through juxtaposing their K-pop roots with an electrifying blend of hip-hop and dance-pop. This boy band with a cult millennial following is the first K-pop group to have their album Love Yourself: Tear reach number one in the US. Though, their creativity and talent goes beyond their introspective lyrics and musical innovation. BT21 is a creative collaboration with BTS and LINE FRIENDS; it consists of eight unique virtual characters that share the same fun and idiosyncratic vibe as the boyband themself.  UNIQLO, one of the world’s largest fashion retailers has partnered with BTS and will realise a special line of t-shirts titled BT21. The collection features 12 unisex t-shirts and ranges from designs of colorful graphics to simple, box logo black and white designs; there really is a shirt for everyone. This line will pay homage to both UNIQULOs mission for clothing to be a means of self expression and art design and to BTS’ unique, colorful personalities.  The shirts, which cost $14.90, will be available to purchase at UNIQLO starting June 21.    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020  Fumito Ganryu Spring/Summer 2020 Photos courtesy of Fumito Ganryu Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO bodysuit and shoes, AMIRI skirt, INTIMISSIMI socks, and talent’s own earrings and rings  DEATH BY DOLLS top, MAX MARA gloves, VERSACE hair clips, and talent’s own earrings, necklace, and rings. FENDI top, shorts, and belt, MAX MARA headscarf, K-SWISS X CLUELESS COLLABORATION shoes, MULBERRY earrings and talent’s own rings and watch Humility is a trait that, ironically, many like to boast. Balancing a healthy dose of humility with confidence, or more specifically, acknowledging one’s self advancement in a crowded and sometimes vicious field that courts a multi-billion-dollar industry, is vital, especially when one has racked up credits singing on, dancing in, and directing pop’s most hallowed figures’ projects.  “My life is crazy and I always have something going on,” says DaniLeigh, as we commence our interview over the phone. “Either I’m in L.A., or at the airport, flying, going to a show, or going to a different city. I just be kind of everywhere.” The Orlando-born rapper and singer isn’t shy about her lightspeed life—and why not? At 24, she’s collaborated with Lil Baby, displayed her choreographic chops on Drake’s “In My Feelings” dance challenge, released her debut album, The Plan, last November via DefJam, and a few years prior to that, directed the totally un-innocuous and drag-inflected “Breakfast Can Wait” music video for the late, great, Prince. If you haven’t seen the video, or listened to the tune for that matter, you’re doing the Purple One an egregious disservice.  DaniLeigh represents a generation of talent who’s successfully harnessed the power, breadth and access that the Internet can offer. From cold-blooded Everglade gators to warm-blooded I-405 mountain lions, she relocated to  Los Angeles with her family at 16. As to whether or not she was mentally prepared for such a grand move, she responds candidly, “I wouldn’t say so, it was a huge difference.” Soon after, she began uploading a vast trove of performance videos to YouTube—you know, the Soundcloud before Soundcloud was Soundcloud. “That was the only platform I felt was popping at the time,” DaniLeigh, real name Danielle Curiel, discloses, as she utilized the tools at her disposal to get the name, the voice, the brand, out there.  And what a success that was. “I’ve always tried to figure  it out!” she says regarding Prince’s introduction to her. “He actually found me somewhere online, he never told me where... I guess Prince is the type who likes to find talent.” Not only was he the type to find talent, he was the type to hand over an 18-year-old, with no experience of directing a music video, let alone writing a treatment, full creative control. “It was amazing, but definitely scary,” she says of the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. “I didn’t know how to do anything at that time, but I had been on a lot of music videos so I kinda figured out the directing. But it was cool because when I told him my ideas he loved them. He was so open to see what I would come up with.”  ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER dress, VERSACE tights, K-SWISS X CLUELESS COLLABORATION shoes, BONNIE CLYDE glasses, MULBERRY earrings, and talent’s own rings This unique partnership, where both parties exchanged ideas for mentorship, provided the native Floridian the confidence necessary to navigate the loud, proud, social-media crowd that would once again catapult DaniLeigh into the public’s radar. Last October, DaniLeigh teamed up with “Drip Too Hard” artist, Lil Baby, on a remix track of her certified-gold hit, “Lil Bebe.” The collaboration was a result of DaniLeigh tagging the Atlanta rapper in an Instagram video, and him agreeing to being featured. It was a huge hit, garnering 14 million views on YouTube and yielding an online explosion of reworks, re-edits, and reposts. Apparently the race to the top can also just be an @ away.  PRADA sweater and earring stylist's own. Stylistically influenced by Rihanna and musically motivated by Aaliyah, DaniLeigh is showing listeners and viewers alike that striking the important balance between pride and unpretentiousness, hustling tours globally while finding time to be authentically oneself, is possible. One healthy pastime in between tour dates is “Chilling. I’m a chill person.  I love shopping. I love finding cool vintage tees.” Creature comforts prevail. Currently on her Be Yourself Tour, she’s already planned multiple dates all throughout North America. “When I’m in my element is when I’m on stage,” she remarks. “I love having shows. Meeting new people and seeing new faces.” Raised with a penchant for choreography, her live shows don’t disappoint. Spectacle and sound co-mingle. “I have dancers so I like to get my shows super clean,” she shares.  This summer, she’ll continue to perform, touching down in NYC, Belgium for the premier hip-hop festival Vestiville, and the United Kingdom for the Reading and Leeds Festivals. In other words, places that usually portend cooler, grayer weather patterns. DaniLeigh’s biggest wish for the future? “I want to go everywhere tropical... Jamaica. I want it to feel like I’m on vacation!” Watch out Kingston, you’ve got a tour-de-force en-route. Photographed by: Heidi Tappis. Flaunt Film Directed by: Derek Milton. Styled by: Dani Charlton and Emma Rubenstein at Art Department.  Hair & Makeup: Ana Acevedo.  Styling Assistant: Jenna DeMaio. The Looming Issue: Any Time Now Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020  Fendi Men’s Spring/Summer 2020 Photos courtesy of Fendi Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020     Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020  Marcelo Burlon Spring/Summer 2020 Photos courtesy of Marcelo Burlon Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020  Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 2020 Last Friday, global celebrities like Mahershala Ali, Victor Cruz, and Karrueche Tran flocked to Milan forErmenegildo Zegna’s Spring/Summer 2020 fashion show. But the venue was not an urban fashion institute or an esteemed theater; the Ermenegildo Zegna XXX Fashion Show commenced in the ruins of the abandoned AREA EX FALCK steel factory. The sandy runway and backdrop of steel support bars mirrored the industrial, pragmatic sensibilities of the season and earthy tones on display. #UseTheExisting epitomizes the Ermenegildo Zegna’s ideology: environmental responsibility and aesthetic innovation. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020  Etro Men's Spring/Summer 2020 Photos courtesy of Etro Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    My Mars Expedition  My Mars Expedition  My Mars Expedition My Mars Expedition is a new capsule collection inspired by—what else—Mars. The line debuts with limited edition metallic totes in three sizes, small, medium and oversized, straight out of a 1950’s space serial. Also available is the Devil’s Feast Raincoat, made with the same Polyethylene as the bags. The bags weigh less than a standard iPhone, but are extremely durable and can carry up to 22 pounds.  " I was first motivated to design a bag for myself that could fit all my stuff in as I travel so much, I'm always on the go. I wanted it to be unique looking, functional, and lightweight, an original tote bag that no one has ever seen before. I had previously designed a trench coat made of this very durable material, Polyethylene, it has the weight of paper, but surprisingly very strong, I also love how it looks aesthetically, it's a metallic silver ( it looks like aluminum), it has a very futuristic feel. I loved the trench so much, I thought it would be a good idea to use the same material to create a bag, and so I did and it came out really interesting and cool. Every time I travel with it, I get so many compliments, people are always asking me where they can buy one, so I thought why not launch a capsule line!  I've started with the three size bags, with a second drop to follow late summer of new designs within the My Mars Expedition collection." - Aigul  - My Mars Expedition, Founder / Creative Director Prices for the bags range from $640 to $855. My Mars Expedition i Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Haight x Fila  Haight x Fila  Haight x Fila  Haight x Fila  Haight x Fila  Haight x Fila  Haight x Fila  Haight x Fila  Haight x Fila  Haight x Fila  Haight x Fila  Haight x Fila  Haight x Fila Streetwear fanatics, get ready: dropping today is the second collaboration between the Rio-based swimwear brand HAIGHT and Italian sporting goods company FILA.  With the first collaboration creating some serious buzz in Brazil, the two brands decided to take their relationship to the next level by going international. For this collection, HAIGHT’s creative director Marcella Franklin put her own spin on FILA’s archival pieces, coming out with 24 iconic styles — from swim to leisurewear. Sophisticated and chic, the pieces draw from HAIGHT’s beloved knit crop tops and suits from past collections.  As per the brand’s philosophy, the suits are meant to take women from the beach to out and about. In addition to beach-y womenswear, the collection will also feature a fresh take on the FILA drifter sandal and the brand’s first-ever boardshort for men. The collaboration will be available at FortyFiveTen NYC, FortyFiveTen Dallas, Goop and Maison Jolie. Written by: Valerie Stepanova Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Solid & Striped x RE/DONE Collection II  Solid & Striped x RE/DONE Collection II  Solid & Striped x RE/DONE Collection II  Solid & Striped x RE/DONE Collection II Solid & Striped has announced its second collaboration with RE/DONE. In the same sun-tinged spirit of the first, this collection is inspired by summers on the East Coast. Featuring swimwear, apparel, and denim, the collection can be dissected into three separate capsules—Montauk, Nantucket and Woodstock, each paying homage to each destination’s unique culture. Whether you’re a surfer, a sailor, or just a beach-bum, there is something for everyone.  The Solid & Striped x RE/DONE 2019 Collection is available Today, June 18, at solidandstriped.com and select retailers. Photographed by: Terrence Connor. Styled by: Djula Bel. Model Hannah Ferguson. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photos courtesy of AllSaints  Photos courtesy of AllSaints Through a black & white grain, AllSaints presents a new short film just in time for Father’s day. The video in its entirety feels aged yet fresh—never stagnant, always evolving, just like the relationship between a father and son. Pulling at strings of nostalgia, the film lends “a family portrait of surfing legend Buzzy Kerbox and his three sons, Kyler, Kasey, and Kody, as they craft an Alaia wooden surfboard from scratch.” Shot along the North Shore of Hawaii’s Oahu Island, flashes of long drives with the top down and days riding the ocean waves instill the piece with nostalgia and freedom. Regardless of the monochromatic palette, we can still feel the summertime sun and hear the coastal wind. Throughout, scenes of teenaged boyhood become intertwined with intimate moments between father and son as they follow in his footsteps. This  bond is what Father’s Day is all about. As put by AllSaints’ Chief Creative Director, Wil Beedle, “the parent-child rapport isn’t limited to stern words or embarrassing dancing. Sometimes, simply sharing your own dreams and how best to catch a wave on a piece of abandoned wood can offer all the inspiration the next generation requires.”  Photos courtesy of AllSaints Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Brioni x Armie Hammer | The Primo Suit Photographed by: Gregory Harris.  Brioni x Armie Hammer | The Primo Suit Photographed by: Gregory Harris.  Brioni x Armie Hammer | The Primo Suit Photographed by: Gregory Harris. Primo: mid 18th century; Italian, literally ‘first’. Brioni has partnered with friend of the House Armie Hammer (our beloved Oliver) to present ‘Primo’. Featuring the brand’s iconic tailoring with a contemporary twist, the ‘Primo’ suit lends itself to “the effortless elegance of Roman sartorial savoir-faire.” Masterfully constructed of the finest wool fabrics and finishes, including twill, sharkskin, stripes, birdseye, and micro-patterns, within a slender slim-fit silhouette, the suit radiates of nothing but luxury. The campaign portrays the American actor arriving on set, effortlessly looking dapper as ever. I’m sure Elio is just as stirred as we are. The Brioni ‘Primo’ suit is available in Brioni stores worldwide and at brioni.com. #BeginYourLegend Photographed by:  Gregory Harris  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020     Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020  Bottega Veneta Resort 2020 Photos courtesy of Bottega Veneta Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017         New York City entrepreneur and artist, Claudia Li, champions creative design through craftsmanship and diversity with modern-day women in mind. Infamous for nostalgic designs, Claudia returns with a sentimental collection for Resort 2020. Signature staples reappear—double pleated skirts, oversized bows, and geometric patterns, with introductions of jacquard knits and tracksuits.  Muted tones of white and navy create the powerful monochromatic looks, while delicate spring hues of pink and purple display a more playful aura. While the garments range in wearability, the color story elevates each look for it’s intended wearer. The colors and prints reflect personal memories for Li; inspirations are reminiscent of childhood toys, and even homemade spaghetti, encompassing the subtle childlike nature in all of us.  Designing with intention, Li focuses on the women of her community— sophisticated, independent, and passionate. Luxurious silk blazers, chiffon skirts, and organza dresses are the most notable collection silhouettes with anti-wrinkle technical fabrics. Crafting transitional pieces, her dedication to customer-based design ramps up year by year.  As a multidimensional woman herself, Claudia continues to advocate for the future of fashion, have it be tech-induced textiles or the inclusion of industry diversity. Resort 2020 proves to be Li’s most advanced collection thus far, and we look forward to her progression in seasons to come. To read our Q&A with Claudia Li click here. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    E3 2019  Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8  E3 2019 Photographed by The1Point8 From anime to video game characters, every year E3 becomes more pronounced in attracting those of the costume devotees. The larger it has grown so has the tons of fans making their way to the LA Convention Center in full regalia. As they traverse the floor of the convention hall they are treated to  a glimpse into upcoming trends in gaming and cutting edge technology that will surely make its rounds into the mainstream conscience by the new year. See  The1point8’s  diary of all the looks at 2019's Electronic Entertainment Expo. Photographed by The1point8  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photo courtesy On Thursday, June 13th, KENZO will open the doors to its first New York City store. The brightly colored, cheerful space will be located in the glitzy Hudson Yards, Manhattan’s premiere retail space which is already home to a number of brands, including the likes of Dior and Fendi.  The store was designed with the help of Italian architect Fabrizio Casiraghi, with whom the brand has been working since 2017. Iits concept was modified specifically to suit its Hudson Yards location. The 1500 square foot structure will showcase KENZO’s Spring/Summer and Fall/Winter collections, in addition to accessories and footwear. Also featured, and exclusive to the Hudson Yards store, will be the brand’s new TALI, short for “talisman”, accessories collection. Like the space itself, the TALI line, first introduced at KENZO’s Fall/Winter 2013-2014 runway show,  features a vast array of bold color variations.  Photo courtesy The New York City store, along with a recently-launched Las Vegas outpost, will be the first of several new brick and mortar stores, which are set to open in various locations across the country. Forthcoming spaces include a Los Angeles venue (coming 2019), and a New York City flagship, set to arrive in 2020.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    GIVENCHY X ONITSUKA TIGER: MEXICO 66 GDX  GIVENCHY X ONITSUKA TIGER: MEXICO 66 GDX In the midst of their 2019 menswear show, Givenchy debuted their first-ever partnership with an outside sneaker manufacturer at a global scale. Created in collaboration with one of the oldest Japenese shoe manufacturers, Onitsuka Co., Ltd., the “MEXICO 66 GDX” is a play off the NIPPON MADE ‘Mexico 66’ heritage style, bringing together “Japanese leather-working know-how and couture savoir-faire” in perfect harmony. The sneaker comes offered in two variations: “an all-white version with the brand’s hallmark dynamic ‘Onitsuka Tiger stripe’ lines and ‘Givenchy’ lettering, and a black version with signature Givenchy details in red and white.” This monochromatic reinterpretation takes Givenchy’s Clare Waight Keller’s closet staple and enmeshes it into her first standalone menswear show in Florence, ideated around the idea of Light in Darkness. On June 13th, the day after the runway reveal, both versions of the shoes will be immediately available for purchase at Onitsuka Tiger and Givenchy flagship stores worldwide and online through givenchy.com (+ selected social media) at the price for $550 USD.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Chiara Ferragni and Giorgio Guidotti  Elizabeth Debicki in Max Mara and Maria Giulia Prezioso Maramotti  Aoi Yamada  Gina Torres  Kaitlyn Dever  Madelaine Petsch  Nesta Cooper  Cara Santana  Moran Atias  Katherine McNamara  Christina Ochoa   Ambre Dahan  Camila Mende  Cathy Schulman  Mickey Sumner  Elizabeth Chambers  Michelle Rodriguez  Lake Bell  Gina Torres  Laura Brown  Storm Reid   Lucy Hale  Claudia Kim  Skai Jackson  Jennifer Morrison  Moran Atias  Sylvia Hoeks  Gina Carano  Olivia Holt  Camila Marrone  Ashley Madekwe and Sonoya Mizuno  Jaime King and Katherine McNamara  Louise Roe  Olivia Wilde  Mia Moretti  Zoe Lister-Jones Max Mara, known for their sharp tailoring and iconic coats, is a fashion house best suited for those who exude power; for a woman who knows what she wants and is sure of herself. A contemporary collection for the confident woman, the brand presents timeless classics with impeccable silhouettes; the perfect collision between feminity and craftsmanship.  In the spirit of celebrating feminine greatness, the Italian brand collaborated with Women in Film to present THE WOMEN IN FILM MAX MARA FACE OF THE FUTURE AWARD®. Inaugurated at the 2006 Women in Film Annual Gala, the award intends to advocate for and advance women in the screen industries who stand as testimonies of Max Mara’s imagination of excellence. As presenting sponsor and longstanding Women In Film partner, Max Mara has chosen to highlight Elizabeth Debicki as this year’s recipient.  Bringing recognition to the actress’s outstanding personal achievements and embodiment of style and grace,  the label celebrated with a cocktail event on June 11th at the Chateau Marmont. Hosted by Maria Giulia Maramotti, Max Mara Vice President of US Retail and Global Brand Ambassador, and InStyle Editor-In-Chief, Laura Brown, the Max Mara family spent the night celebrating all the industry’s best. Photos courtesy Max Mara Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photo courtesy “The value of the human hand is irreplaceable because it gives everything it creates that which no machine ever could: poetry and life.”—Monsieur Dior. Even after all of these years—72 years to be exact, Dior’s statement still holds a lot of truth. From chic elegant handbags to edgy fragrances that’ll make your next door neighbor fall in love—Dior has it all. And on June 12th,  Dior’s highly anticipated and newly designed “J’Adior” pump makes a comeback. Photo courtesy Just like the highly successful J’Adior slingback shoe, this stylish new pump also has the classic J’Adior ribbon hugging around the entire rim of the shoe and is available in three heel heights (10cm, 6.5cm and 1cm). J’Adior’s new addition to the family will be available for purchase on Dior.com and across boutiques all over the world on June 12th.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    THOM BROWNE dress, shirt and shoes and ERICKSON BEAMON necklace.  THOM BROWNE dress and shoes. LANDEROS NEW YORK blouse and skirt, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI boots, FALKE tights, CHRIS HABANA sunglasses, ERICKSON BEAMON pearls (as belt), and stylist's own scarf and custom YALTCH Hats. The highly addictive nature of FX’s Pose has been a phenomenon, reintroducing the Voguing world to the mainstream with the same impact Paris Is Burning and Madonna had once done in the 90’s. The Ryan Murphy produced show has not only transformed it’s performers into bonafide stars now on the covers of magazines and in the FROWS of fashion shows but have ultimately established the cast as fashion icons who have brought statement dressing to the next level.  Centered on a family of queer people of color in the late 80s, the show follows  Blanca (MJ Rodriguez) a trans matriarch of the House of Evangelista and her family  as she traverses living with AIDS, finding her place in the Balls, protecting her children, and the day to day way of life struggling and loving in New York. Ryan Jamaal Swain plays Damon, the first to join the House of Evangelista as the golden son. We are initially introduced to Damon as a runaway with wishes of dance school  and by the end of the first season see him grow and find that creative outlet he long struggled to find.  As season 2 premieres tonight we were fortunate enough to talk to Ryan Jamaal Swain as we discuss how his character progresses in the story line, the major fashions, and the ultimate sociopolitical impact the show’s popularity has had on queer people of color at the center of an ever changing discussion on race and gender politics. Congratulations on season two, it was great! I love it! Jumping right in I want to know more about your background?  I’m originally from Birmingham Alabama. I grew up there, started dancing when I was four, and after eight years I stopped after being bullied. The south has a lot of stereotypes where people just want you to play football or basketball, especially when you’re a black man - they want you in the mainstream. But since I was four all I wanted to do was dance and act and I had a step father at the time, that would come to my football games but not my dance recitals. It made me question myself as a child, which is harmful. All of that weighed on my self-esteem and I stopped trying to do anything artistic.  When I was 14 in 9th grade I went to this public school where there was an opportunity for me to do this after school acting program. That changed my life and that after school program turned into me getting an internship at this art program. Instead of getting the application I ended up auditioning for a show they were doing at the end of the season. That was my first introduction into professional theater and from there on it was no more public school but I went to high school and higher university for acting.  There were not a lot of men in the program, so whoever was in the theater program upstairs since the dance program was downstairs, we were allowed to have them train with us. So I had a dual degree, after that I moved to New York city and graduated in 2016, then a few months after I made my Broadway debut.  How familiar are you with Voguing culture?  Voguing is not in the mainstream program in Birmingham. So I never saw Paris is Burning or any type of documentary surrounding Voguing until I was going to college. I always knew there was something I was missing culturally but I just didn’t know what.  My senior thesis at Howard was about Stonewall and I was doing as much research as I could which led me to find out how the gay rights movement had matured to present day. I happened upon Paris is Burning and thought, Oh my fucking god. How have I not seen this?  In hindsight, that inkling of curiosity built my resume and influenced the work I like to do and what is around my life. It's about being an artist of social change, making sure we are not just stepping into the status quo of what society and the industry wants to place on you. There are so many types of confounds and limits that the industry wants to place on you, especially as a black man, as hyper masculine and hyper fetishized. How we show up in culture and the consciousness of everyone and how we are commodified and showed after being taken from our motherland and being brought here. To answer your question plainly, I learned Voguing when I was on the show. For the character it works because he is also new to that as well.  PALOMO SPAIN robe, LANDEROS NEW YORK blouse and pants, MISBHV boots. People of color are fetishized, In a way we, where we are now is subverting the ways we are fetishized. Having it on our own terms. Happy Pride! Let’s talk about your characters progression from the streets to the dance school at the New School and how his narrative is shifting to the balls and his relationship.  What was so beautiful about season one was the naivety of this person who had a lot of things happen to him, but he still had this hunger and thirst to go for his dreams no matter what it was. That was unshakable. Then season two, you get to see Damon take ownership of his own persona and his own individuality. Trying to find who he is and what that means to everyone around. In season two you see him developing love for dance and his family and his world and relationships. He also develops love for himself, which is very important especially for any queer youth or any youth particularly. Trying to figure out how to navigate that space of becoming your own person because we were dropped into his experiences right after he was kicked out of his home at eighteen years old.  We move from 1990 - to now he’s 20, we get to see him navigate his own type of newness and what that means. What is love and his relationship with Ricky. Why are we putting too much emotional weight on each other or anyone, when are we not fighting for ourselves. And I think that that in season two you’ll be seeing him showing up for his life, showing up for his life artistically, and also personally, which is going to be really, really  transformative for a lot of folk that are dreamers for the root of who they are and really don’t know the next steps. And feeling loss and self-doubt and imposter-syndrome, trying to find their voice and curating their voice, so that’s really why I think Damon is going to go through season 2 and then beyond, definitely some star making and star quality events will be happening in season 2, which I’m pretty sure everybody will be rooting for their sweet boy Damon, so that’s going to be exciting. Yeah, I was actually going to say, that’s an interesting narrative that hasn’t been given into the second season that skips the years. Do you feel like there’s quite a gap, two years is quite a gap of time for a young person to be not checked in with in regards to the story and everything, especially in between that 18 to 20 stage, it is completely a different life time, like are we going to get a little preview of how everything catches up to the new season?  Yeah, I think what is so beautiful about that gap specifically, and firstly from a writer’s stand point and an artistic stand point is that you get to for me, as a vessel, get to try to fill in those spaces of what can happen in a year and a half gap. Right, like in a year and a half, his love was on tour, he was still in school, and so what you get is him, his world kind of stopping and jolting for a moment, but him still in the pursuit of going forward, if that makes sense?  So there’s this conflict, between like are things going to be the same, or I know I’m changing I'm evolving, that i think will place in season 2 because what you realize is that, especially in those permeable years, you see how the culture has influenced him, and you get to see that, not only through the acting but also just visually. like how he is now aesthetically evolving, and merging, with the places that are around him, like a little boy from the suburbs, from Pennsylvania, is now a full fledge New Yorker, and what that transition is, right? Because that is the only story line in where you get to see him go from a middle-class space, coming from a very normal standard of living, and then get thrust into something that is totally different from his own upbringing.   So we already have that, you know, working into and in conflict, being in conversation with that first season, but then we are also trying to, as any first season is trying to do, is to be introduced to all these characters in a very broad stroke.. In season 2 you get to see, and especially with what they’re doing in the writing with Ryan Murphy,  Janet Mock, Our Lady J, and Steven Canals what they’re doing is really really really just honing in on what that complexity feels like. We’ve had conversations just about how powerful that’s going to be for anyone that is trying to find out who the hell they are, and I think that is an ongoing lifelong pursuit, that could be talked about in that 2 year gap, but I think that where we are ending up, or where we are starting in the first few episodes, you’ll get to see that sort of matriculated self visually, aesthetically and also artistically. It’s really going to be dope. And I’m very humble to be able to be the vessel for such a complex story, right? Like this is somebody that is not even of the world, where there is gossamer, and lace, and big personalities, but coming from a very normal background. And then getting forwarded into this 6-inch heightened reality, six inches off the ground space,  -- there’s no middle ground, it’s an extreme.  Six inches? I’d give it 8 inches.  8 inches? 8 inches absolutely. Hahhaa.  You have to account for the platforms on the heels also. I’m actually quite shocked that after two years, Damon from 18-20 is still with Ricky, when he has all of New York City, and Ricky is off on tour. That is actually the most baffling thing I feel. It’s amazing and also really lovely. Yeah, which will I think kind of be informed by the choices that Damon makes in this upcoming season, how he goes forth in professing his love and his joy, and all of his relationships with everything - not only personally, but also artistically. I think that’s what’s going to be wild, and now talking about it, ‘cause I’m in the thick of it, is this - you know, I have this stuff in my journal, it materializes itself in a way in which It just like, “Oh wow yes, that is what we’re doing. Awesome, great! I’m in line with that. Awesome” So - its good.  LANDEROS NEW YORK blouse and pants, THOM BROWNE shoes, GENTLE MONSTER sunglasses, CHRIS HABANA ring. And so what is the dynamic moving forward with your character and Blanca and is Electra still going to be back to her own house - How does that work?  I think with Damon and Blanca (MJ Rodriguez) you’ll try to find that’s her first born, Evangelista. Tthis place where you’ll just get to see that evolve and we left off with Electra being in the house and we’ll see her kind of how she’s negotiated that new normal. I think with this new season particularly we’re going to see a lot of people, a lot of characters, trying to show up for their dreams and be ready to show for their dreams in a way that they might not be ready - like their ambitions, their goals might be intact, but their physical bodies aren’t there and aren’t ready for that. I think that with that conflict, we deal with that all the time, all of us, even myself with my own personal life. You know I have ambitious dreams, I have things that I want to do, past Pose, past anything that is in my immediacy, but at the same time you have to ask the question, how is this going to work? How is it going to happen?  That’s a very intricate and very powerful conversation that for the viewer, this year, they’re really going to be empowered, be challenged, be inspired by how these characters, who have everything against them, marginally, being ostracized in their own communities, and how they still choose to show up for their lives, and in the pursuit of showing up for their lives, that I think provides agency and vocabulary for us even in this kind, in this day in age, with this administration and all the things that are happening, in the world, to really just -- in the freedom or artistic freedom or artistic prowess is not without fear, it’s in the presence for fear, that you have the courage to create, the courage to live, I think that’s what’s going to really be powerful about this season, and all those characters,  I want to speak about how Indya Moore’s character Angel with your character - you seem to have the most sibling like relationship out of all the narratives through out. What’s the Dramz! - is there going be crazy moments?  Well I can’t tell you that, you know Ryan Murphy would kill me. But, what I will say, in my own personal life, Indya are very close. And I think that you got to see us being siblings, and you’ll continue to see that in season 2, and just how I support them and they support mine, Damon and Angels that’s all I can give you thus far - but you got to check it out! You’ll have to see it.  You know that’s the thing I wanted to discuss is that the cast completely exploded since the premier of the show in regards to the way that you have hit the zeitgeist on the discussion of what is fashion and what is style - like how has your life changed since the first season?  I think that it really streamlined and really shaved away at how I show up in life, I think that I’ve always been by fashion and then you are own Pose and I mean you see the outfits and you see the style, it’s like “Oh shit, oh okay, so we gotta step it up.” So you know just really getting in conversation and deepening my conversation with fashion, activism, and it really deepened that for me. Being a child of Howard University, and doing that it was always being on the frontlines of social change and being about truth and service, and that’s what I have been about. I think with so much of what Pose is about - every project that I’ve been on - Choir Boy to Pose to my off-Broadway debut with Kill Move Paradise, it’s always been about forwarding the conversations around black and brown people, and really making sure that the ostracized folk, the marginalized folk, the minorities have a voice, and all these unsung heroes that have not been given the opportunity to speak because they transitioned on and moved on, being their voice, and being my ancestors’ wildest dreams. So, I think for me, in this last year, it just really asked all about are you really about this, and if you are, how are you showing up for your communities? Not only just LGBTQ communities, but also black people, and also people of color, and also first-generation college students, and all these different subcultures and sub-categories. How am I making sure that symbolic annihilation doesn’t happen, which, essentially, is when you don’t see yourself represented in a narrative, in a story, in a conversation, you feel that you’re not important. I think that this last year, it radicalized my urgency around these problems, because it seems as though we’re getting a little deep and deeply dark.  We’re living in dark times right now, but for a reckoning to happen thereafter. But, in these times of very dark, dark, dark issues and dark situations coming to the surface, I think what it allows all of us to question as a civilization is how are we showing up for our future? How are we showing up for the next set of folks that are doing the work, and that are going to be behind us doing the work and making a difference? And, if we’re not doing that, then how good are we as a people? I think that’s what has happened, and how it’s radicalized in all of us.  DIOR jacket and FALKE tights. It’s a very golden moment, because now there’s a point, I feel, where there was always discussion, but never at the level of appearance and progressive experience that’s placed onto the public, not just in our own type of communities - it’s a worldwide conversation. It’s important, and also, it’s amazing to see it actually being seen and viewed.   Yeah, and I think that for us being on a hit TV show, and a cast of “pantheons of culture” or just being the curators of culture, what is that presently? And, we’re all telling everybody to get off their phones and wake the fuck up. That’s really a radical shift, because people aren’t used to glamorized people being so connected to the center of civilization and what’s going on. I think that when you have that, when that’s the immediate, when that’s something that is a consistent, then it asks everybody - from the janitorial staff all the way up to the president - to really check their privilege and check to see how they can dismantle it. And, I find that when you’re a public figure or “someone that is seen publicly” in a glamorous or uplifted, holier-than-thou light, and you’re really talking to the heart of current events and current issues, it closes the margin and it makes everybody understand that things are really happening, and we need to do something about it. I wanted to go back to you as a person who is now part of pop culture. You are part of the conversation. You guys are no longer the underground concept. You guys are very much Met Gala. You guys are Vogue. You guys are social media. How has that interaction been with fashion? What has that been like for you? Oh, my goodness. Well, for me, I’ve always been a kid and a person that dug the androgyny and the androgynist aspects of blurring the lines with fashion. Because, I honestly feel that skirts are geometrically and anatomically made for men more so than they are made for women, just because of the shape and how they lie on the body and what they’re supposed to do. So, I use my platform specifically because we’re being thwarted in to this Met Gala, Vogue, Interview Mag - all these different publications - Flaunt magazine, we’re being thrust into the center of it. So, we really need to have a conversation about how we can merge masculine and feminine energy always, and it still be very, very, very much societally a norm.  There are too many things that are trying to just make shit black and white. When you try to put confines and boundaries on a person, or an individual, and what they’re wearing, then you lose sight of the personality. F me, just as much as Rihanna, my fellow Piscean sister, said, listen, fashion shouldn’t be a self-expression. It’s how I show up for my own personality and it’s individual to me and quite honestly, that’s what I love. You know, I like to always, with any type of staple that I’m trying to make, have some type of grace and essence of royalty, while also being connected to what has been unisex and what is culture, and how we can have that conversation. Men should wear more skirts. Men should wear wigs. Women should wear suits.  I hate that it’s a taboo thing - “Oh my god, Lady Gaga just wore a suit to this” - just no. I mean, we all have in us submissive and dominant energy, and masculine and feminine energy, so why try to put a stifling on that? I feel like everybody that has been somebody that has been a style icon has done just that. It lives in all of us, and I think that when we allow ourselves to be seen in that way, contrary to what I just said in regard to when it is such a “Oh my god! They’re wearing a harness on the Oscars” or Billy Porter wearing a tuxedo gown, it’s just, like, yeah, we should be doing that. We should be having those conversations. Because, quite honestly, it is accessible to all of our parts in us, and it liberates us. It frees the individual, and it frees so many people. So, I use fashion as an extension of my activism and my artistry because, quite honestly, that’s what it is. I love garments. I love stepping out in a cute Thom Browne piece, or the Ungaro piece which I wore last night to the premiere. All these things that situationally are form-fitting, and help you say what you need to say without you having to say it, it makes a staple before you open your mouth, and I think that that’s intentional.   It’s part of your statement. Awesome! Anything we should know?  Men, quit making decisions on women’s bodies, and feminine-centered folk’s bodies. And stop trying to keep away people from living with these transphobic, homophobic, xenophobic laws and statements. And, America, just wake up and really truly see what’s going on. We’re on the precipice of a huge, huge reckoning and a breakthrough, but it takes work, it takes diligence, and it doesn’t just take anger. You need to have a plan of action, and a call to action. So I think that’s all I want to say. Photographed by: Jason Rowe. Styled by: Ryan Davis. Grooming by: Gianluca Mandelli using Kerastase Paris at Opus Beauty. Manicure by Isadora Rios using Chanel Le Vernis at Opus Beauty.  Assistant: Valerie Stepanova. Fashion Assistant: Brittany Williams.    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 Z ZEGNA STAND AT PITTI UOMO Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 Z ZEGNA STAND AT PITTI UOMO Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 Z ZEGNA STAND AT PITTI UOMO Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 Z ZEGNA STAND AT PITTI UOMO Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 Z ZEGNA STAND AT PITTI UOMO Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 Z ZEGNA STAND AT PITTI UOMO Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 Z ZEGNA STAND AT PITTI UOMO Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 Z Zenga Spring Summer 2020 For a fashion brand who deemed the theme for their newest collection as “deforestation,” it only makes sense that Z Zegna’s newest line focuses on sustainable fashion. Whether it be through materials crafted through up-cycled and recycled fibers or through water-friendly treatments and washing proceses, Z Zegna’s Summer 2020 line lives up to it’s marker bearing the collection as “A Conscious Lifestyle.” It’s urban sophistication at its finest.   Photos courtesy of Daniel Beres Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Kiko Kostadinov Spring/Summer 2020  Kiko Kostadinov Spring/Summer 2020  Kiko Kostadinov Spring/Summer 2020  Kiko Kostadinov Spring/Summer 2020  Kiko Kostadinov Spring/Summer 2020  Kiko Kostadinov Spring/Summer 2020  Kiko Kostadinov Spring/Summer 2020  Kiko Kostadinov Spring/Summer 2020  Kiko Kostadinov Spring/Summer 2020  Kiko Kostadinov Spring/Summer 2020   Kiko Kostadinov Spring/Summer 2020  Kiko Kostadinov Spring/Summer 2020  Kiko Kostadinov Spring/Summer 2020  Kiko Kostadinov Spring/Summer 2020  Kiko Kostadinov Spring/Summer 2020  Kiko Kostadinov Spring/Summer 2020  Kiko Kostadinov Spring/Summer 2020  Kiko Kostadinov Spring/Summer 2020  Kiko Kostadinov Spring/Summer 2020  Kiko Kostadinov Spring/Summer 2020  Kiko Kostadinov Spring/Summer 2020  Kiko Kostadinov Spring/Summer 2020  Kiko Kostadinov Spring/Summer 2020  Kiko Kostadinov Spring/Summer 2020  Kiko Kostadinov Spring/Summer 2020  Kiko Kostadinov Spring/Summer 2020  Kiko Kostadinov Spring/Summer 2020  Kiko Kostadinov Spring/Summer 2020  Kiko Kostadinov Spring/Summer 2020  Kiko Kostadinov Spring/Summer 2020  Kiko Kostadinov Spring/Summer 2020  Kiko Kostadinov Spring/Summer 2020 Photos courtesy of Kiko Kostadinov  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Depop LIVE Photographer Samantha Nandez  Heron Preston Photographer Samantha Nandez  Jacky Tang and Vashtie Kola Photographer Samantha Nandez  Depop LIVE Photographer Samantha Nandez    Depop LIVE Photographer Samantha Nandez  Ziggy Johnson Photographer Samantha Nandez  Depop LIVE Photographer Samantha Nandez  Aurielle Sayeh Photographer Samantha Nandez  Depop LIVE Photographer Samantha Nandez  Depop LIVE Photographer Samantha Nandez  Selah Marley Photographer Samantha Nandez  Depop LIVE Photographer Samantha Nandez  Nick Hadad Photographer Samantha Nandez On June 8-9, Depop, the London based fashion app, held its first major North American retail experience in NYC called Depop LIVE, a free event open to the public where shoppers, sellers, stylists, and creatives could engage in the “app brought to life” experience.  Over the weekend, Depop LIVE hosted talks, workshops, and performances that created a link between the creative and cultural aspects of fashion. Those who attended the event got the chance to learn from industry professionals as well as leaders in the Depop community.   Can Fashion Change the World?  Photographer Madison Voelkel  Can Fashion Change the World? Photographer Madison Voelkel  Build An Empire From Your Bedroom Photographer Madison Voelkel  Build An Empire From Your Bedroom Photographer Madison Voelkel One of panel discussions “Can Fashion Change the World?” focused on the push towards sustainable fashion in the new age. Another panel, “How to Build an Empire from your Bedroom” spoke to Gen Z about building a platform for yourself, an idea that Depop has been a pioneer of since its founding in 2011.   Depop LIVE  Photographer Madison Voelkel  Depop LIVE Photographer Madison Voelkel  Depop LIVE Photographer Madison Voelkel In addition to the panels, attendees participated in live performances, dj sets, and workshops where they could customize their own merch; and of course, it wouldn’t be a Depop event if there weren’t a multitude of vendors selling rare, one-of-a-kind items. Depop LIVE was a living, breathing version of the app we’ve grown to know and love.  Photos courtesy.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Art School London Spring Summer 2020  Art School London Spring Summer 2020  Art School London Spring Summer 2020  Art School London Spring Summer 2020  Art School London Spring Summer 2020  Art School London Spring Summer 2020  Art School London Spring Summer 2020  Art School London Spring Summer 2020  Art School London Spring Summer 2020  Art School London Spring Summer 2020  Art School London Spring Summer 2020  Art School London Spring Summer 2020  Art School London Spring Summer 2020  Art School London Spring Summer 2020  Art School London Spring Summer 2020  Art School London Spring Summer 2020  Art School London Spring Summer 2020  Art School London Spring Summer 2020  Art School London Spring Summer 2020  Art School London Spring Summer 2020  Art School London Spring Summer 2020  Art School London Spring Summer 2020 Photos courtesy  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   BALENCIAGA | 338 N Rodeo Drive Beverly Hills, California 90210 USA Balenciaga’s Rodeo Drive location is moving—right across the street. The new building is newer, larger, and fitter for Balenciaga Artistic Director Demna Gvasalia’s vision of combining elements of diverse public and private environments. On June 8th, 2019, the grand opening/closing will commence.  Balenciaga’s upcoming Rodeo Drive location. The new store has a location-specific design, an open layout that displays its architecture to passerby. Stone flooring on the ground floor flushes into the concrete sidewalk outside, while concrete slabs, a system of conveyor rails, and polished metal tables decorate the space. The industrialist decors contrast the public service or lab-like resonance of glowing displays and padded furniture. 338 N Rodeo Drive Beverly Hills, California 90210 USA Photos courtesy of Balenciaga  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Paria Farzaneh Spring/Summer 2020  Paria Farzaneh Spring/Summer 2020  Paria Farzaneh Spring/Summer 2020  Paria Farzaneh Spring/Summer 2020  Paria Farzaneh Spring/Summer 2020  Paria Farzaneh Spring/Summer 2020  Paria Farzaneh Spring/Summer 2020  Paria Farzaneh Spring/Summer 2020  Paria Farzaneh Spring/Summer 2020  Paria Farzaneh Spring/Summer 2020  Paria Farzaneh Spring/Summer 2020  Paria Farzaneh Spring/Summer 2020  Paria Farzaneh Spring/Summer 2020  Paria Farzaneh Spring/Summer 2020  Paria Farzaneh Spring/Summer 2020  Paria Farzaneh Spring/Summer 2020  Paria Farzaneh Spring/Summer 2020  Paria Farzaneh Spring/Summer 2020  Paria Farzaneh Spring/Summer 2020  Paria Farzaneh Spring/Summer 2020 Photos courtesy of Paria Farzaneh Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020  Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Spring/Summer 2020 Photos courtesy of Charles Jeffrey Loverboy Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photo courtesy of Louis Vuitton From June 8th to July 7th, Louis Vuitton opens its exclusive Menswear Fall-winter 2019 Chicago Residency to the public, in celebration of Men’s Artistic Director Virgil Abloh’s Fall/Winter 2019 collection. The residency will be housed at 1100 West Randolph St. in Chicago’s West Loop neighborhood, just south of Abloh’s “Figures of Speech” exhibition at The Museum of Contemporary Art.  Photo courtesy of Louis Vuitton  Photo courtesy of Louis Vuitton  Photo courtesy of Louis Vuitton  Photo courtesy of Louis Vuitton The collection includes limited-edition apparel and accessories, all colored a monochromatic orange and designed exclusively for Chicago. The hue of these pieces match the color of the bold, radical residency space itself. The bright orange is designed to pop in an otherwise plain store, reflecting the colorful pigment of urban life. Photos courtesy of Louis Vuitton Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photo courtesy of MCM On June 5th, Bella Thorne matched hot pink heels with her streaks of fiery rose hair as she hosted MCM’s World Pride celebration cocktail party. MCM, the luxury brand, had famed LGBTQ DJ and Producer GRLSKOUT set the vibe, as guests were invited to shop the custom MCM x Bella Throne pieces. Guests also enjoyed exclusive one-on-one meet and greets with the the actress, singer, model, and now poet herself! Other celebrity attendees were Dreezy, Serayah, Miles Richie, Ashlee Keating, and many more! 20% of proceeds benefit LA Pride Photo courtesy of MCM Photo courtesy of MCM Photo courtesy of MCM Photo courtesy of MCM Photos courtesy of MCM Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   EACH X OTHER jacket, vintage t-shirt form Avalon Vintage, and Talent’s own necklace and earring. STUSSY jacket, t-shirt, shorts, KIR COLLECTION earrings and COS shoes. STILE LATINO pants, DR. MARTENS shoes, TBC glasses, UNODE50 necklace, and vintage t-shirt from Avalon Vintage. Flaunt gets deep with singer, model, and actor Noah Urrea and discuses his fears, his passions, and his future goals for his career. Since 2011, Noah has been working in music videos and singing parts in film. Through these roles his talent was recognizable energetic and fun, giving him a push towards improvisation, and making him a great performer. Today, Noah is a piece of the important global music phenomenon called, Now United, created by Spice Girls manager and American Idol creator, Simon Fuller. His role represents America while 13 other individuals represent their global denominations.  While we believe in diversity and individuality, it is also important to note that these musicians work together to bring about a harmony and rhythm which audiences love. Noah goes deeper and gives us insight to his work, his loves, and his gender fluidity below.  PHLEMUNS jacket, STILE LATINO pants, DR. MARTENS shoes, KIR COLLECTION necklace, and UNODE50 earrings. You’re part of pop band Now United, a group of 14 members. You just got back from touring Brazil, and have traveled to 18 countries in the past year. What is your favorite part of being on tour? Does it ever get chaotic performing with so many people? Every moment on tour is chaotic, but I wouldn't have it any other way. My favorite part is making people happy by doing what I love. It blows my mind because I've been to so many concerts, and it's humbling to be on the receiving end of watching people smiling, screaming and jumping to our music.   When being in a band with many members, what is the creative process like? How do you avoid the “too many cooks in the kitchen” problem when brainstorming or creating new music?  It's actually great there's so many cooks because all of us have strengths in different areas, and we teach each other so much. For me, dancing was never my strong point. Josh and Heyoon are killer. It's great to learn from them.  You also are a model with LA Models. What inspired you to begin modeling? And what has been your favorite shoot that you’ve been a part of.  I love fashion. It was a no brainier. There's really no way for me to give an award to one shoot, but what I will say is I'm always happy when I get to express myself through a designer's vision. AMIRI shirt, ALL SAINTS pants, and ISABEL MARANT belt. You have mentioned that as a model you are ready to experiment with gender norms. What does this look like for you?  Who gets to decide what a woman or a man should wear? It shouldn't matter because fashion is fashion. I think everyone should be free to express themselves however they want with their own personal style. For me, about 50% of my clothes are from the women's section because they fit me better, and frankly, they have more to choose from. The other 50% is a combination of clothes that I get from Good Will.  In a past interview, you said that the biggest misconception people have about you is your sexuality. Can you go into that a bit, if you feel comfortable, and what about your sexuality do people have a false understanding of? Why do you think this is?  I'm really glad you asked this question! Everyone keeps wondering about my sexuality, and to me, it's obvious, right? What is the biggest compliment someone could give you about your music? I sent a song to my friend today and he texted back that he was proud of me. I don't know why, but that really made me happy inside. There's no bigger compliment than someone realizing how hard you've worked at your craft.  STILE LATINO shirt and pants, ANGELA MITCHELL shoes, UNODE50 necklace, and talent's own earrings Word on the block is that you really really really hate pickles (source - your Instagram bio). What would you do if suddenly your microphone became a pickle. hahahahaha I would probably faint on stage.  Both modeling and being a musician are very vulnerable modes of expression, as you showcase and display yourself in ways that most people are too terrified to do. I imagine you must receive immense praise, but also bitter criticism. As a young artist, how to you cope with the unavoidable remarks of hate and negativity from the public?  I've been doing this since I was 10 years old. I've learned to ignore the bullshit and focus on the good things. But obviously, that's easier said than done at times.   What is some advice you would give to your past self, before you had a booming career and, like, over 600k Instagram followers?  Don't stress out too much about the little things because everything is going to work out if you work hard enough. And also know as you grow that you might change your vision of your journey and that's more than okay. Do what's good for you.  Are you currently working on any projects that we can look forward to?  Now United has some new music coming out soon, and we're going to be traveling more so just be ready for that. I'm always fooling around. You never know what's around the corner with me. Photographed by: Meg Young  Styled by: Kim Johnson at Altered Agency Grooming: Marco Minunno at Atelier Management  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Maisie Wilen Spring/Summer 2020  Maisie Wilen Spring/Summer 2020  Maisie Wilen Spring/Summer 2020  Maisie Wilen Spring/Summer 2020  Maisie Wilen Spring/Summer 2020  Maisie Wilen Spring/Summer 2020  Maisie Wilen Spring/Summer 2020  Maisie Wilen Spring/Summer 2020  Maisie Wilen Spring/Summer 2020  Maisie Wilen Spring/Summer 2020  Maisie Wilen Spring/Summer 2020  Maisie Wilen Spring/Summer 2020  Maisie Wilen Spring/Summer 2020  Maisie Wilen Spring/Summer 2020  Maisie Wilen Spring/Summer 2020  Maisie Wilen Spring/Summer 2020  Shaun Ross and Taylor Ghrist at Maisie Wilen Spring/Summer 2020  Maisie Wilen Spring/Summer 2020  Taylor Marie Prendergast and Jason Altaan at Maisie Wilen Spring/Summer 2020  Kingdom at Maisie Wilen Spring/Summer 2020  Maisie Wilen Spring/Summer 2020  Maisie Wilen Spring/Summer 2020  Maisie Wilen Spring/Summer 2020  The eastside art set came out to support Maisie Schloss’ on her new line Maisie Wilen which debut at Night Gallery. As former women’s wear designer for YEEZY, Kanye was on hand as well to help launch the label which he provided initial seed funding and support to. The LA based Chicago designer’s creations were graphically rich with nods to her youth in gymnastics and robotics presented in an array of knitted items. Many pieces including a range of t-shirts, sweatshirts, and sweatpants felt right in the YEEZY vocabulary, though remixed with Maisie’s prints and graphics. We took a moment with the designer outside the event to see what the new collection was all about.  What is the background with the prints, the designs and the graphics printed on top? I developed all of the prints myself. It was a lot of looking at textural prints, messing around with them on Photoshop.  I looked a lot at rhythmic gymnastics leotards, and those gestural but ergonomic, prints that are usually sequined on there, but doing it in a two-dimensional print. Also robotics, these ergonomic body lines. I love it! Is the gymnastic reference in the finger rings as well? It’s on a lot of performance leotards. I was actually a figure skater growing up, and I always thought this was very elegant when this was on my costumes, so I wanted to incorporate that.  What would you like the people to know about the collection? I was really focused on making pieces that the women who buy it will wear just a ton. You know, it’s fun, it has these bright prints and colors, but it’s really rooted in very wearable shapes, and that I really imagine a lot of girls wanting to wear all the time. You began initially working with Kanye. What was your position there, did you do textiles as well? I was a womenswear designer. Although, I feel like saying that does it a bit of injustice, you know, the beauty of working at YEEZY is you have visibility to so many projects.  Mainly focused on womenswear design, but in reality, a whole lot more. Photographed by Devin Kasparian  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photo courtesy of Totokaelo As NYFW unfolds this week in New York City, a purveyor of curated fashion and objects Totokaelo has debuted its first menswear collection. Dubbed Totokaelo Archive, the label is set to create trend-agnostic, timeless pieces that uphold the existing and ever-evolving wardrobe of an intelligent, self-determined and creative wearer. Photo courtesy of Totokaelo The collection acts as a masculine counterpoint to the store’s eponymous line of proprietary’s classics. Restrained in material palette, functional and thoughtfully, it is intended not for one man, but for many — and devised to accompany them through the limitless style transformations. Photo courtesy of Totokaelo The brand’s first campaign shot by Ian Lanterman among the old-growth forests and mist-shrouded waters of the Pacific Northwest — the environment where Totokaelo began. The label plans on releasing three collections per year, and it’s safe to say that they’re off to a great start. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by: Vikram Valluir/BFA Photos Brooklyn’s most stylish and creative partied at REVEL in Prospect Park to celebrate BRIC’s 40th anniversary. The fashionable evening  marked the launch of the cultural organization’s signature free concert series, which this year kicked off with a powerhouse performance by the iconic Patti LaBelle. Comedian Wyatt Cenac, Lynn Nottage, Aminatou Sow, NYC First Lady Chirlane McCray and Brooklyn celebrities celebrated the organization’s history, and toasted to its future: BRIC’s new president Kristina Newman-Scott, the first person of color and immigrant to hold the role. Newman-Scott glittered in a black sequined two-piece by Nanette Lepore, the evening’s fashion partner, as she addressed the crowd of 500 well-dressed guests— many of them also wearing sequins in honor of the festive occasion. Photographed by: Vikram Valluir/BFA Photos “At the core of the festival’s DNA — and all of BRIC’s offerings in arts, media and education — is an overarching commitment to create programming that is inclusive, diverse and welcoming. We look forward to hosting thousands this summer for what promises to be one of the most exciting concert series in Brooklyn for all of New York,” said Kristina Newman-Scott, BRIC President. Blaring renditions of LaBelle hits, a brass band snaked through a crowd including Brooklyn Borough President Eric Adams, President and Park Administrator of Prospect Park Alliance Sue Donoghue, NYC Parks Commissioner Mitch Silver, NYC Democratic Council Member for the 35th District Laurie Cumbo, drag queen Merrie Cherry, art collector Carla Shen, Executive Producer Aziz Isham, and BRIC TV Host Brian Vines.  “We’re not going to stop playing until you sit down,” one of the band members joked. We did, and dinner ensued. After the plates were taken away, and a round of charity bingo, the guests walked the few feet from the tent to the Prospect Park Bandstand, where 8,000 New Yorkers waited for LaBelle. First, Nellie McKay sang a tribute to Hilary Ackermann, BRIC’s outgoing board chair.  Photographed by: Vikram Valluir/BFA Photos After more drinks and dinner, as the sun went down, the globe lights strung from the park’s trees, the godmother of soul took the stage. Dressed in red and with earrings cascading like wedding cakes, she sang all her hits, including “Luv N Happiness” and On My Own.”  Photographed by: Vikram Valluir/BFA Photos At the afterparty, DJ Natasha Diggs played a set for all who remained under the stars. REVEL raised essential funds for BRIC, which year round serves a community of more than 300,000 artists, media makers, students, activists, and families through their accessible arts and culture programming.  Photographed by: Vikram Valluir/BFA Photos Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Kimberly Muller, Busy Philipps, Maya Brenner, Katie Aselton, Constance Zimmer at the 20th Anniversary Event On Wednesday, June 5th,  jewelry darling Maya Brenner celebrated her cult brand’s 20th Anniversary at the chic boutique Arts District Firehouse Hotel. Among the guestlist were a number of actresses, such as Busy Philipps, Constance Zimmer, and Monet Mazur, several stylists (Wendi & Nicole Ferreira, Nicole Chavez, and Elle Strauss), and designer Clare Vivier.  Brenner’s work first caught the public’s attention over twenty years ago, while the jeweler was still creating pieces out of her studio apartment and working full-time as a social worker. She then rose to prominence thanks in part to major collaborations with designers like Vivier. Two decades later, her collections boast a slew of celebrity admirers. Monet Mazur at the Maya Brenner 20th Anniversary Event Those invited to the anniversary festivities were able to indulge in a number of event-specific activities, including a braid bar and glam by Striiike, nail art by Olive & June, massages from Squeeze, a DIY fresh flower necklace station and gifting suites from Maya Brenner x Mark & Graham, Shashi rainbow bracelets, Maya Brenner x Stella & Dot necklaces and prints from Maya's Power Mama collaboration with Society6. All gifts and activities provided were meant to speak to the inspirations that have shaped Brenner’s career. Photographed by: Steve Lucero/BFA.com    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020  Private Policy Spring/Summer 2020 Photographed by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Birthday Suit 🎂❤️ @jlo with the first look of the new #JLOxGUESS merch coming soon ✨ #JLoItsMyParty Apparently glistening age-defying skin and luscious locks aren’t the only things that work well with Jennifer Lopez, as GUESS joins forces with the praised artist for their official multifaceted partnership, with Lopez’s “It’s My Party” Concert tour. GUESS will be launching an exclusive collection of Lopez’s concert merchandise, featuring a distressed jean jacket, with a radiant pop art print of Lopez. I mean, who wouldn’t want a literal goddess on their back? I sure would. Other GUESS concert merchandise include a variety of t-shirts, garnished with a sunset palm tree graphic, a trippy “JLo” pattern, and more!  GUESS will also be having a limited sweepstakes that allows any GUESS customer to be eligible to win concert tickets and autographed tour merchandise signed by Jenny from the Block herself. The concert tour kicks off June 7th in Los Angeles, California at The Forum, and continues through August 2019. The merch will be available at select GUESS stores in surrounding cities that correspond with the tour stops, and on guess.com.  Tickets to Lopez’s tour are currently on sale here.  Check out the tour dates below! Courtesy of the brand Courtesy of the brand Courtesy of the brand Courtesy of the brand Photos courtesy of GUESS  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   A quaint townhouse in the lush and peaceful Gramercy neighborhood housed the Linder Mens Spring/Summer 2020 presentation. Though the venue looked cozy at first glance, a feeling of suffocation and confinement filled the room. Artworks by Jon A Kopita were sprinkled around what looks like an Upper East Side apartment, with phrases like “Shut the fuck up.” painstakingly written on a piece of ruled paper over and over again. In a home devoid of nurturing and vitality, it comes to be valued as a financial investment rather than for its intrinsic beauty.  The show was centered around a figure often encountered on the streets of New York — a sensitive young man of privileged background navigating the conflict between his artistic sensibility and the external expectations of pedigree and class. “I was thinking about prep style, I felt like it could be a fun starting point,” said Kirk Millar, Linder menswear creative director. “I wanted to tap into this sensitive, kind of nerdy character.” From there came the Ivy League-inspired deconstructed cricket sweater (a collaboration with Breton Shirt Company once worn by James Dean and other famous prepsters), plaid fabrics, and vintage sport stripes sewn onto blazers and hoodies. The allure of culture and artistic pursuits is in opposition to what is perceived as dynastic success, fueling the tension between character and environment. Ankle-grazing pants to represent an environment which is ill-fitted, white polos and speedos embroidered with “Trophy Husband” to symbolize a dilettante accustomed to luxury. In keeping with the theme, models lounged around the house, attempting to escape the desolate world through cinema, video games, or any other interest which offers a distraction from the suffocating reality. A horse motif appears throughout the collection as a metaphor for someone raised under strict demands of high society — a free spirit bred and trained to execute the will of a dispassionate ‘superior’ force. As in the previous collection, there were silk scarves: a signifier of class turned into a form of a giant care label to convey the wearer’s delicate temperament. This collection strays away from the opulence and fantasy that was so prominent in Linder Fall 2019 Menswear collection. “For me, there has been so much, fantasy involved in the design process,” Millar said. “I'm kind of shifting into a different mode of thinking about it.” With a lot more minimalistic choices made for this collection, the brand is giving the prep style (formerly reserved for brands like Ralph Lauren, Tommy Hilfiger and Brooks Brothers) a new, satirical look. And we’re here for it. Photos: courtesy of Linder Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photo courtesy of the brand. Death to Tennis is classic menswear with a modern twist. Founded in 2012 by William Watson and Vincent Oshin, the brand is a multifaceted, ever-evolving microcosm. The duo’s first runway show marked the creation of an immersive, alternative universe - an amalgamation of music, theater, and conceptual art. This layered experience continues through the brand’s videos - vignettes frequently published on their website that serve to highlight their singular sartorial point of view.  Flaunt recently caught up with Watson to discuss the brand’s origins, sources of inspiration, and upcoming summer collection. Make sure to check out the interview below.  How did the brand first come to be? The brand’s origins go way back to 2008, when I started doing some exclusive graphic T’s. In 2012, the name and the brand were revived during a chance meeting with former partner Vincent on a shoot for my namesake brand, William Watson (currently on hiatus). At that time, sharing similar goals in menswear, Death to Tennis started out with 3 outerwear pieces, landing in two of the leading boutiques in NYC, Oden and CHCM, in the first season. Where did the name Death to Tennis come from? It all started with a little sketch. I created a little logo one day in a notebook around 2008 - it was a little skull and crossed tennis rackets (we are introducing that very logo for Fall 2019 for the first time)...The name followed shortly after that. The name has developed so much like the brand, with “Tennis” being a metaphor for your struggles/fears and “Death” the killer of all fears. What drew you to menswear? Growing up in the north of England from a working class family, options were limited, other than the military. I learned to draw from my stepfather, never thinking it would lead to Art school; it showed me how to use my skills in the world of fashion. I was drawn to menswear because I always wanted to dress myself better. Given my background and no means to financially do it, learning to do it for myself changed the game and I have never looked back. You take inspiration from a variety of sources. Could you speak to what specific influences shape your work? Movies have always been a huge influence on me. I go through phases. I never have a favorite. I just like to consume, and now I find myself immersed in Manga / Anime, lost in the fantasy of an alternative world. I also love meeting artists and working together with them to help inform the line. Vintage clothes, small details hidden on a piece nobody would look at sometimes can inform a whole season. And I constantly sketch day and night, whenever or whatever most of the time with no idea of what will land on the page...Letting the universe guide my hand… Photo courtesy of the brand. How would you describe the brand’s aesthetic?  Adult Streetwear. We have always been cautious using that phrase, but I believe it best describes what we are up to here. “Adult” is a reference to a mindset, not an age. In addition to your collections, you regularly publish a series of short video vignettes. How did the idea come to create these, and how do they work to showcase your designs? We work with multiple directors and new artists, developing ideas together. I believe that nobody wants to watch a 3-minute movie about people standing wearing clothes. We work with the concept that story is first, and our clothes are merely props to enhance the feel of the movie. Working from this standpoint means that the stories are interesting and compelling viewing.  How do you feel that your artistry is challenging mainstream conceptions of menswear? The menswear market today is growing fast. Men are waking up to the realities of how they look and dress. We offer a product that is designed to make men and women feel confident (Women often wear our clothes, loving the fit).  Death to Tennis does this on its own terms. We don’t compromise when it comes to design and quality. We add details upon details to our garments so that when the wearer finds it, maybe not the first time they wear it or maybe not even the 5th time, one notice makes them that much more happy with their purchase, bringing us loyal customers who always want more.  Your latest summer collection drops in June. What can you tell us about it? Color. Lots of color. Summers on the beach in England, sucking on a rocket ice lolly, fish and chips, windy beaches, memories of home.  Death to Tennis’ new summer drop debuts exclusively online mid June.  Photographed by Louis Brown      Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Antonio Lopez, Candy Bar Series, Virginia Shaddick MacGregor, New York City, 1977    Greg Gorman, Grace Jones in the Pool, 2015    Neal Preston, Freddie Mercury, 1982 FAM, the Foundation for The AIDS Monuments presents Photo19: a photography auction exhibition at Leica Gallery in West Hollywood to raise money for the upcoming STORIES: The Aids Monument.   Norman Seeff, Robert Portrait I, 1969    Julian Wasser, Cher (Wearing a Bob Mackie Gown), 1975    Lloyd Ziff, Robert Mapplethorpe and Patti Smith, Brooklyn, New York, 1968   The cocktail reception and photo auction will take place at Leica Gallery on Thursday, June 6th from 6:30pm to 9pm. The auction features works from talented artists like Annie Leibovitz, Antonio Lopez, Greg Gorman and many more.   Anthony Friedkin,"Woman by the Pool" Beverly Hills Hotel, 1975, 1975    Colin Finlay, Ajiep, South Sudan, 2005    Jim McHugh, David Hockney Paints a Swimming Pool, 1993   Proceeds from Photo19 will go towards STORIES: The AIDS Monument, designed by HIV positive architect Daniel Tobin. The monument will break ground in West Hollywood in 2020. Its purpose is to remember the 36.7 million lives lost globally to AIDS, celebrate the activists who fight to end it, as well as educate and remove the stigma of living with HIV/AIDS.   Miranda Penn, Sabatier - Hood, 1993-2011    Greg Gorman, Sharon Stone, 1990    Jimmy Fontaine, Nick Cave, 2010   The online auction for Photo19 will be live from now until June 9th. Click here to purchase a ticket for the June 6th auction at Leica Gallery.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017         Charaf Tajer is the founder of French Moroccan brand, Casablanca — an allegory of old-world elegance. Previously tied with the Parisian street-couture label, Pigalle, and discothèque, Le Pompon, his anticipated dream of the Casablanca brand became reality in 2018.  Dreaming of a jet setting gentleman, Tajer now paints a vision of divine luxury in notes of silk, terry cloth, and cashmere. Cultivating a cultural experience, Tajer has fashioned a community to redefine opulence. Flaunt spoke with Charaf to discuss his love story betwixt Casablanca and Paris. After years with Pigalle and Le Pompon, how did you decide to start Casablanca? Casablanca was always something I dreamed of creating as it’s inspired by my beginnings and evolves through my journey, but I wanted to wait until the right time to start the brand. Through my experiences at Pigalle and Le Pompom, I learned a lot about how to create a brand, the fashion business, and how cultural experiences can build a community. It all crystalized early last year as I knew at that point how I was going to bring the vision to life.  Your parents met while working in a Casablanca clothing atelier. Does the inception of your brand feel like a “full circle” moment?  A little bit, many pieces from the collection reflect the love story between Casablanca and Paris. My parents’ love story is included in the general celebration of love and beauty that emerges from these two locations. It’s a narrative that has inspired me in the memories I take from Casablanca and how they are then framed by my upbringing in Paris. It’s not a full circle moment as it’s part of an ever-evolving part of the DNA of the brand, and I think I will continue building the story throughout the collections. How do your personal ties with Morocco blend with the Parisian menswear line? I use a lot of my own experiences, visions, and memories of what Morocco feels like throughout many of the illustrations in my childhood. But, also memories of traveling and different aspects of life also shape your vision as well. I get inspired a lot by Brazilian music as it’s been a soundtrack for many moments in my life.  What color palettes, fabrics, and motifs represent the Casablanca ‘vacation’ aesthetic? The aesthetic is inspired by my vision of luxury travel, which is comfort, different rich textures like the silk and terry cloth, warmth, and contentment blended with a fresh feeling. I try to identify this with pastel colors expressed on comfort and luxe fabrics – terry cloth, cashmere, knitwear. Motifs appear throughout the silk shirts with planes, flags, orange’s, water, sunsets, sports. These all help paint the picture of my vision of a gentleman that is traveling the world.  What’s your affinity with old-world elegance? Growing up in Paris and being exposed to so much history, art, fashion, and tradition, it automatically gives you an affinity for the “old-world elegance.” I think it’s hard to match the feeling of taste, elegance, and luxury you get having an iced tea at the Ritz in Paris. The identity of the hotel will always no matter how much the world changes, remain the same. The old-world elegance creators believed in quality and had standards that they didn’t compromise. I would love Casablanca to be one of those brands.  How do you hope to redefine notions of opulence? I certainly have my own view on what luxury is. I believe it’s the task of making the best version of your idea — a fashion story of your vision in the best way possible. I hope we achieve that. I also think it’s important for Casablanca and our community to have a way to enjoy a lifestyle that isn’t limited, it’s one that’s positive and empowering, that makes you dream.  Describe the concept of Casablanca’s uniform, the sport tracksuit.  The apres sport tracksuit, made from terry cloth and produced in Casablanca, is for the relaxation after sports. In our SS19 universe, after tennis. After a long match, you recline in comfort at the terrace for a refreshment. It is also a great travel piece when you are taking a long flight but still want to be elegant and colorfully fresh for your arrival at your next destination! What’s next? The SS20 show and cocktail party in June is very soon, and very exciting. I can’t wait to show everyone the new collection. It’s a definite progression from AW19 and a very clear demonstration of the width of the brand. We will be introducing new fabrics, new colorways and new pieces that will suit many more events and occasions with the AW19 pieces. Also, we will be launching our new webstore the day of the show with some exclusive product which we are delighted about as you will be able to purchase those items right away.  We will be releasing a few new exclusive capsule collections with some international retailers during the fall, which we will be announcing with events and some parties to come. Generally, there will be a lot more innovation in the coming months, and expansion. Produced & Styled by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: John Parvin Model: Adrian Torres Styling Assistance: Valerie Stepanova Clothing by: Casablanca Jewelry by: Stylists own, and The M Jewelers Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   It’s 2019 and, if you didn’t know, the fashion craze this year is shoes. So, if you’re not yet taking notice, it’s time to look down and pay attention. Margaux, a brand focused on providing footwear for women, teams up with Happy Menocal for a shoe which not only functions for the bride walking down the aisle but also for those warm summer afternoons spent cruising down the boulevard with your bestie.  The collection shines with vibrant summer and spring floral patterns printed on satin, a look which combines a daytime playfulness with the evening’s romanticism. Featuring rose, niagara, and ivory, their collaboration is a colorful burst of exuberance which will make all passerby’s look down and admire.  The Happy Menocal for Margaux collection is available here.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   THOM BROWNE jacket, shirt, shorts, shoes, socks, and garter. THOM BROWNE jacket, shirt, pants, shoes, and socks. As the 1990’s came to an end, Jeremiah “Terminator” LeRoy released his first novel, Sarah, a semi-autobiographical tale of drugs, sex, and abuse through a journey westward from West Virginia to California. The novel, followed by two others were later discovered to be written by a woman, and though throughout history, authors have often written under pseudonyms, the American public of the early 2000’s was not willing to let a woman’s manifest destiny make a profit off what the New York Times at the time called, “one of the most bizarre literary mysteries in recent memory” (Warren St. John, 2006).  The biggest literary hoax of modern times is brought to life with Justin Kelly’s re-imagining of the JT LeRoy story, through the POV of Savannah Knoop, sister-in-law of Laura Albert, writer and creator of the fabricated personality, JT LeRoy. Based on the memoir Girl Boy Girl: How I Became JT LeRoy, Kelly and Knoop work tirelessly to present a telegenic tale of pre-social media sensationalism in a world not ready to accept that what we see and what we read are not always truth, and that what makes a good story may not be what you expect.  After the film closed the 43rd Toronto International Film Festival, it followed a string of premieres and festival appearances including the Flaunt celebrated world premier of J.T. LeRoy, from Universal Pictures, in Hollywood this April, and will be available on Netflix in 2020. With the films revival comes old conversations about gender identity, politics, and artistic representation. As the cast of misfits work together to bring to life the awkward yet, strangely relatable story of JT, the cinematography and character study Kelly brings forth feels different and new. Here, we have the story of Knoop illuminated through Kristen Stewart’s portrayal, and audiences can finally start to answer, why anyone would say yes to such a farce. The compelling and perilous 6-year adventure of how Knoop got from point A, to point Q and the family entanglement unravels with Laura Dern’s eccentric portrayal of Laura Albert.  As someone watching this film today, it can sometimes be hard to imagine why the phenomenon of JT LeRoy could have upset so many people. Fiction writers are under no obligation to give truth, fact, or testimony, and yet because it is the written word, many believe in the power of ‘text’ as something which is holy. The effects and affects of what we read can be altered by the knowledge of ‘Truth’, but does that let us dismiss fiction as less powerful?  Throughout Kelly’s film, I get a sense that these characters and their moments are something we all experience daily; hiding who we are in order to create something bigger than ourselves. Wigs, gender bending, family strife, sexual confusion & exploration, mental health, and discovering who you are only after big mistakes; this is a story which relates to audiences more than we might be ready to admit.  Kelly meets me at our Los Angeles Flaunt location, while Knoop joins us via phone from New York to dissect and discuss the reasons why so many viewers are horrified by the mystification of fact & fiction, fame & fortune, and just a touch of drag.  THOM BROWNE jacket, shirt, pants, shoes, and socks. I want to talk about the film, but also get a feel for what was going on during the 1990’s, and thinking about sexism and politics. If the JT LeRoy phenomenon occurred today, would it have been less sensationalism? Knoop: This question comes up often, there is no way to really know. We are in a phase of thinking of identity as multifaceted and ever changing. We see role switching now as sort of accepted thing in the mainstream, not in more alternative thinking. I think it brings up questions of representation. It will always matter to people that a specific experience affects the way we filter the world. The mainstream media filters through the hegemonic gaze, down on white men, etc. It's a testament to the fact that the themes in the film are relevant now, at this moment. The material is relevant; gender and its new phase. The headlines happening then in The New York Times were, “he's a she”. No one would use that language now.  I agree, I was reading a quote by Lena Dunham where she was speaking about the JT LeRoy situation, “This person isn't who they claim to be but they still wrote the book that captured all our imaginations” To think about all this, people will always think about the representation. Knoop: If you like a book for its content then it’s sealed within itself, and should not be affected by who wrote it.  There are so many writers who use pseudonyms, many of which are male. Do you think gender matters to this situation? Is it about the pseudonym or more, and is it possible to pull off again?  Knoop: It does matter, yet it doesn't. It all depends. It's interesting how horrified people got, so much outrage, that you wonder why. Kelly: That’s a multi-layered question. In terms of social media, it would be more difficult to pull off this sort of disguise. Something JT-esque all over again could happen but the way it was pulled of, physically, would be so difficult. Knoop: When we went out as JT, the wig, ect, it was purported to be a wig. We always made it very clear that JT was in a disguise and part of his persona was about a disguise and another part was about withholding. I think this type of character is relevant to today. THOM BROWNE jacket, shirt, and pants. Part of social media is creating a facade, it's very metatheatrical. In that vain, Justin, did you feel that you were adding a current perspective when you were recreating this story? Kelly: This film was different from the others because those earlier works were more documentary style, revealing information and exposing. But, this one came about after reading Savannah’s memoir. People wrote it off as someone desiring fame and fortune, but I was inspired. Over time, topics about queer identity and gender identity have become more relevant and impacted some scenes in the film but we didn’t change anything in order to appeal to the cultural climate.  Knoop: When we watched the film with the general public at the premiere in SF, I remember there was a scene where JT says, “I'm not here to make you feel comfortable” and I think people feel this move today in 2019. People can say, “Okay this is where we’re at.” I don't think Justin updated it to fit in with the times, but there are sentient moments.  Do you feel as if you captured or gave a good perspective of the depression going on with Laura at the time. This began as a writing expression, rather than something done for fame. Do you feel you captured the psychology of it all? Kelly: It’s tricky because, I don't think Laura would say she wrote this all because she was depressed. She was in a depressed state, but that JT the character was actually depressed and wrote through Laura. When she wrote as JT, he embodied her and she him. Had she merely written fiction with a pseudonym, like JK Rowling, then maybe I would say that the JT LeRoy story was a way to expel depression. But, in this case Laura saw JT as real, so it wasn't a way for her to escape depression. We provide true data and facts in the film, and I feel its correctly represented.  Is there some aspect of the process of making this film that you want the audience to take away? Knoop: I think that Justin specifically told the story from the Sav point of view, and if it gets into the space of Laura’s story, it's done so with respect.  Kelly: We felt confident after ten years of working on this script and playing with different versions, that the most interesting story was the six years in which Savannah was JT LeRoy, but, through Savannah’s perspective. The how's and the why's. Those who want more details can watch the documentary.  I think of answers I've had to give about the end message, but much like my films, I don't make them with the idea of a final message or moral. However, if there were any take away or theme, It would be about starting a conversation about gender and identity and finding one's true self.  Knoop: I think Justin has this amazing way of laying out the facts and the emotions, then the emotional facts which sort of overlay. I think Justin has an even hand in telling, and directing. One goal is for the audience to decide for themselves about these overarching themes of ethics, gender, identity, and decide for themselves. We are not trying to explain or lecture or defend. The feminism of the piece is having these two “women” characters, and the power dynamics of them working as JT LeRoy, but not a cat fight. They are collaborators. The logic working in the characters is that everyone is involved in the story and what to take away is up to them. Photographed by Stephanie Dimiskovski  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    FEIGN Spring/Summer 2020  FEIGN Spring/Summer 2020  FEIGN Spring/Summer 2020  FEIGN Spring/Summer 2020  FEIGN Spring/Summer 2020  FEIGN Spring/Summer 2020  FEIGN Spring/Summer 2020  FEIGN Spring/Summer 2020  FEIGN Spring/Summer 2020 Photographed by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Amirok Spring/Summer 2020  Amirok Spring/Summer 2020  Amirok Spring/Summer 2020  Amirok Spring/Summer 2020  Amirok Spring/Summer 2020  Amirok Spring/Summer 2020  Amirok Spring/Summer 2020  Amirok Spring/Summer 2020  Amirok Spring/Summer 2020  Amirok Spring/Summer 2020  Amirok Spring/Summer 2020  Amirok Spring/Summer 2020 Photographed by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Opening Ceremony is inspired by the Olympics in name and spirit. Every year, the retailer highlights both the traditional and popular fashions of a “host” country to introduce an international audience to talents across the globe--the focus for 2019-20 is Mexico. Opening Ceremony team traveled throughout Guadalajara and Mexico City, from roadside bazaars to established fashion shops, to find the best that the country has to offer. “We are so excited to celebrate Mexico as a country of focus at Opening Ceremony this year. We have always been fascinated by its cultures, food, arts, and design. Especially given the current political landscape, it seemed like perfect time to focus on and celebrate the beauty and diversity of this country. Providing a platform for young Mexican designers, artists, and artisans feels like the perfect way for us to do it authentically,” said Humberto Leon. Opening Ceremony is partnering with the Hi-Bye collective, founded by friends Roberto Sánchez, Emilia Cuahutle and Carla Valdivia amongst some of the other designers that will be featured in the Year of Mexico. Hi-Bye’s three brands—Wurst, Worldwide LTD., and Roberto Sánchez—will provide exclusive pieces for Opening Ceremony. This will be the first time these brands are sold outside of Mexico. Additionally, Opening Ceremony collaborated with Cynthia and Travis of Maroon World creative directed and photographed the campaign. The final partner for the “Year of Mexico” is Fondo Semillas, a Mexican non-profit organization that works closely with women-led grassroots groups with the common goal of improving the living conditions of local communities and promoting gender equality. Photos courtesy of Opening Ceremony (Maroon World) Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   MCM and Bella Thorne join forces to celebrate this year’s LA Pride in style. The event will take place on Wednesday June 5th from 5:30pm to 8pm at  MCM’s Flagship location in Beverly Hills to kick off World Pride month. Bella Thorne will host the event DJ’d by LGBTQ DJ and Producer, GRLSKOUT. The shop will feature limited edition pieces from the MCM x Bella Thorne collaboration, with 20% of the proceeds benefiting LA Pride.    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    ABYSM Spring/Summer 2020  ABYSM Spring/Summer 2020  ABYSM Spring/Summer 2020  ABYSM Spring/Summer 2020  ABYSM Spring/Summer 2020  ABYSM Spring/Summer 2020  ABYSM Spring/Summer 2020  ABYSM Spring/Summer 2020  ABYSM Spring/Summer 2020  ABYSM Spring/Summer 2020  ABYSM Spring/Summer 2020  ABYSM Spring/Summer 2020  ABYSM Spring/Summer 2020  ABYSM Spring/Summer 2020  ABYSM Spring/Summer 2020  ABYSM Spring/Summer 2020  ABYSM Spring/Summer 2020  ABYSM Spring/Summer 2020  ABYSM Spring/Summer 2020  ABYSM Spring/Summer 2020  ABYSM Spring/Summer 2020  ABYSM Spring/Summer 2020  ABYSM Spring/Summer 2020  ABYSM Spring/Summer 2020  ABYSM Spring/Summer 2020  ABYSM Spring/Summer 2020 Photographed by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Timo Weiland Spring/Summer 2020  Timo Weiland Spring/Summer 2020  Timo Weiland Spring/Summer 2020  Timo Weiland Spring/Summer 2020  Timo Weiland Spring/Summer 2020  Timo Weiland Spring/Summer 2020  Timo Weiland Spring/Summer 2020  Timo Weiland Spring/Summer 2020  Timo Weiland Spring/Summer 2020  Timo Weiland Spring/Summer 2020  Timo Weiland Spring/Summer 2020  Timo Weiland Spring/Summer 2020  Timo Weiland Spring/Summer 2020  Timo Weiland Spring/Summer 2020  Timo Weiland Spring/Summer 2020  Timo Weiland Spring/Summer 2020  Timo Weiland Spring/Summer 2020  Timo Weiland Spring/Summer 2020  Timo Weiland Spring/Summer 2020  Timo Weiland Spring/Summer 2020  Timo Weiland Spring/Summer 2020 Photographed by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Left to right: Megan wears RE-INC t-shirt, THE UPSIDE shorts, stylist’s own jacket, NIKE shoes, and talent’s own jewelry. Tobin wears RE-INC t-shirt, ALEXANDER WANG shorts, NIKE shoes, and talent’s own jewelry. Christen wears RE-INC t-shirt, ALEXANDER WANG pants, NIKE shoes and talent’s own jewelry. It's July 5th, 2015 at the BC Place, Vancouver. Fans extol the hustle of a 32-panel ball shuffling under the toes of FIFA World Cup finalists. Nearby wildfires blaze a haze-filled stadium, and the U.S. and Japan begin, neck and neck. Fifty-four minutes in, and a pass to Tobin Heath ends the game with U.S. victory. Euphoric in their score, they tie the record for most goals in World Cup history.  Exiting an arena of cheers, Christen Press, Megan Rapinoe, Meghan Klingenberg, and Tobin Heath reflect on a match well played. At the pinnacle of their sport, they celebrate in rally form, parading down the streets of New York and Los Angeles. Triumphant in their success, an impending inequity hovered the champions.  "Everybody was creating monetary value from our win — except for us, the people who put in the hard work. It didn't feel right, and it didn't feel fair," Klingenberg shares, "We started getting involved with the union, and we re-negotiated our collective bargaining agreement with U.S. soccer."  Managers, publicists and marketing teams once defined and constrained the cadre. But no longer. The four heroines unite once more in a tenacious pattern of teamwork; dueling opposition for greatness. With boldness, they resist societal limitations and thus, rɘ-inc was born.  "This is our vehicle to change the world, and come at things from a different perspective,” Rapinoe adds. “We want to challenge what it means to be an athlete, but also ask, what else are we? We want to get into fashion, and we're interested in challenging not only ourselves but also those who come on this journey with us."  Eventually, creating the purpose-led streetwear brand altered their status from 'resistance' to 'reimagining.' Espousing justice, creativity, and progress, rɘ-inc covets a status quo defiance. Fighters both on and off the field, they denounce the labels set upon them and channel the art of possibility.  "We're entrepreneurs," Press explains, "even though many would never position us that way. That's what we want to be, and that's what we are. We're positioning ourselves as creators and artists; it's been freeing, and it's been limitless." Reinventing industry norms, Heath reveals, "The future of rɘ-inc in fashion is the idea of fluidity. The ability to not draw lines and not label people by how they look, or their size, but to be inclusive of all people; everybody belongs."  Press chimes in, "The truth about business, is that everyone just wants to be successful. So, if diversity and inclusivity are working, everyone's going to do it. Life is cyclical, and good energy is contagious. That's what we're trying to do — cultivate great energy with our business, and share it." Gleams of passion exude the four champs in conversation, or as Press defines it, "magic dust sprinkles" which encourage their perpetual positivity.  Heath, Klingenberg, Press, and Rapinoe launch rɘ-inc amid this year's World Cup. In nine French villes, they'll prove to be more than just athletes on the field as true patrons of equity. A fresh, and progressive take on the French motto, "liberté, égalité, fraternité," they sport "liberté égalité défendez;" the first of many designs to subsume greater intention.  For more information visit https://re-website.com Photographed by: Nyra Lang. Stylist: Rika Watanabe.  Hair: Yu Nakata using Bumble and Bumble. Makeup: Robert Reyes using Milk Makeup.             Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Shiseido Malibu Beach House  Shiseido Malibu Beach House  Shiseido Malibu Beach House  Shiseido Malibu Beach House  Shiseido Malibu Beach House  Shiseido Malibu Beach House  Shiseido Malibu Beach House  Shiseido Malibu Beach House  Shiseido Malibu Beach House  Shiseido Malibu Beach House  Shiseido Malibu Beach House  Shiseido Malibu Beach House  Shiseido Malibu Beach House Japanese cosmetic giant Shiseido took to the beach over the weekend popping up with their own private beach club dubbed the Shiseido Malibu Beach House. With various events throughout the weekend the highlight for Saturday was a cocktail to celebrate the new ColorGel LipBalm. The  lush lip embelishment is a hybrid between lipstick and balm that creates a moist and healthy experience. The colors come in 15 shades rooted in the indigenous nature in Japan, while the formulation of the products reimagine the textures of gels, inks, powders, and dews. On hand to celebrate were Jamie Chung and Gigi Gorgeous who enjoyed cocktails and various beauty activation soundtracked to the beats of Haute Betts.  Photographed by: Jennifer Johnson Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    David Hart Spring/Summer 2020   David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020 David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020  David Hart Spring/Summer 2020 Photographed by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Fendi Fall/Winter 2019 in Shanghai  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019 in Shanghai  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019 in Shanghai  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019 in Shanghai  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019 in Shanghai  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019 in Shanghai  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019 in Shanghai  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019 in Shanghai  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019 in Shanghai  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019 in Shanghai  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019 in Shanghai   Fendi Fall/Winter 2019 in Shanghai  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019 in Shanghai  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019 in Shanghai  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019 in Shanghai  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019 in Shanghai  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019 in Shanghai  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019 in Shanghai  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019 in Shanghai  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019 in Shanghai After presenting their Fall/Winter 2019 collections in Milan Fendi took to Shanghai over the weekend to stage both the men’s and women’s collection with an additional fifteen never before seen looks created exclusively for the  show. Taking over the Powerlong Museum, the 23,000 square meter modern art museum made for a perfect place to present the collection against a assemblage of domestic and international contemporary works of art. The presentation of the two iconic collections celebrated the late Karl Lagerfeld’s work and his 54 year commitment to the Roman Maison.  Photos courtesy of Fendi Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Etro Celebrates World Oceans Day With Sustainable Down Jacket  Etro Celebrates World Oceans Day With Sustainable Down Jacket When a new hashtag takes the internet by the storm, we don’t often take it literally, but #ForTheOceans is a commitment by Kean Etro’s foundational brand, ETRO to respect nature and protect the environment. With this latest movement, ETRO’s menswear line labels its items, BENETROSSERE and all pieces originate from the research of alternative fabric and new modes of creation, and this year, the brand has created a down jacket made entirely of materials from recycled plastic bottles  Etro says it best, “The life of a garment starts with the fibers, the materials, the process, the hands that create it. Sustainability is not a slogan: it’s a story,it’s a commitment,” and what better way to show this story then with a 120 PET bottles fabricated to create the first ever, #ForTheOceans down jacket. The jacket’s New Life Yarn is 100% certified and made in Italy polyester thread, saving 32% of CO2 emissions, 94% of water, and 60% of electric power compared to any virgin polyester polymer. from the fabric to the label this jacket is 100% sustainable and resistant to the alternative use of goose down.  Photos courtesy of Etro Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Opening Ceremony x Chella Man  Opening Ceremony x Chella Man  Opening Ceremony x Chella Man  Opening Ceremony x Chella Man  Opening Ceremony x Chella Man Flaunt Magazine - Chella Man x Opening Ceremony 6 Opening Ceremony x Chella Man This week, in celebration of Pride, Opening Ceremony is teaming up with genderqueer artist and activist Chella Man for his first solo collection, along with a collaborative capsule. The collection, designed to honor diversity and inclusivity, boasts a series of one-of-a-kind, hand-painted pieces which speak to reflections tied to Chella Man’s identity as a queer and disabled person of color. Garments will feature messages written by the artist about his experiences as a deaf individual, as well as drawings created during his transition on testosterone. This limited-edition collection is set to launch June 1st, and will be available exclusively at Opening Ceremony’s flagship Howard Street store in New York.  The collaborative partners will also release an additional capsule of jersey pieces, whose net proceeds will go to the Griffin-Gracy Educational Retreat & Historical Center in Little Rock, Arkansas. The center is focused on providing leadership development for Transgender and gender-nonconforming communities across the United States. The capsule collection, which includes a tank top, t-shirt, hoodie, long-sleeve mesh top and mesh pant, will be available at Opening Ceremony’s stores and website.  Photographed by Quil Lemons Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Society6 contributing artist Mira Mariah  Society6 contributing artist Maia Faddoul This shouldn’t be news for the legions of stans out there, but a sequel to Showtime’s groundbreaking and progressive show The L Word premieres this fall and it’s calling itself The L Word-Generation Q. For those in the dark, the show, lasting six seasons, centered around a group of fabulous lesbians navigating their way through friendships, relationships, and their careers all the while schmoozing about in West Hollywood.  In loving honor of the show’s rebranding, Society6 teams up with Showtime for a collection of exclusive designs inspired by The L Word. From coffee mugs, tote bags, and throw pillows to notebooks and art prints, the collection celebrates the show’s legacy while also nodding towards the LGBTQ+ community.  The Society6 artists selected for this collaboration are Maia Faddoul, Mira Mariah, and Sarah Maxwell. A second collection, available closer to the show’s premiere, will feature another round of original, The L Word inspired artwork, produced by a different group of artists.  Browse through the collection below and purchase it here   Artwork by Sarah Maxwell   Artwork by Maia Faddoul  Artwork by Maria Mariah  Artwork by Maia Faddoul  Artwork by Sarah Maxwell  Artwork by Sarah Maxwell  Artwork by Sarah Maxwell  Artwork by Sarah Maxwell  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   ELKA jacket, PRISCAVERA dress. PRISCAVERA dress. OPENING CEREMONY jacket, PRISCAVERA top and skirt.  HER_MAN dresses. PRISCAVERA top and skirt.  Photography by: Brendan Meadows  Camera Assistant: Maria Turner Makeup by: Win Liu, Liz Bell Agency IG  Hair by: Erin Klassen Clothing from: Nouvelle Nouvelle Model: Anastasia, Family Management  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    B Akerlund  Cailin Russo  Damson Idris  Burberry x Maxfield  Burberry x Maxfield  Jermaine Kemp and  Eddie Mitsou  Micah McDonald and Wayman Bannerman  Salem Mitchell  Sydney Sweeney  The Black Madonna  Burberry x Maxfield  Zerina Akers Last night, summer finally hit with the launch of  Burberry and Maxfield’s  pop-up. The event was explosive with live beats by The Black Madonna setting up the tone for a night of lush luxury. Over 500 guests came out to enjoy the fete featuring the new Thomas Burberry Monogram collection which is exclusively available for the next two weeks at the iconic Los Angeles shopping haven.  First presented in August 2018 the monogram was designed by Chief Creative Officer Riccardo Tisci in collaboration with British art director and graphic designer Peter Saville. The pattern is rooted in 20th century Thomas Burberry motifs in the houses extensive archive.  The pattern celebrates the house’s founder and heritage with the TB detail which has been established as a new signature house code in the brand’s classic beige and brown. The monogram is then further detailed in a stripe of red, white, and black. The full range of clothing for men and women as well as a window display of all the must have monogram pieces were encased in the Prouvé structure. The layout played with the architectural language of historic British royal buildings. This abstracted kingdom of monogram castles built of cardboard was juxtaposed with silver and gold mirrored cubes, while rectangular structures were covered in the monogram packing tape.  On rotation projected above party goers was a Nick Knight directed film starring Gigi Hadid depicted in an array of outfits from the collection which transforms her from boy to gentleman to girl to lady embracing four distinct identities that are well celebrated by the house.  The Burberry x Maxfield Pop Up is open daily until June 10 8825 Melrose Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90069 Photos courtesy of Burberry Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Swedish singer, songwriter, producer, and director ionnalee is as prolific as she is mysterious. For over a decade, alongside longtime collaborator Claes Björklund, the enigmatic creator helmed the electronic music and audiovisual collective iamamiwhoami, dazzling international audiences with a vast array of mixed media projects. Just last year, she released her first solo album and feature film, ‘EVERYONE AFRAID TO BE FORGOTTEN’, followed by a Kickstarter-funded world tour. Inspired by the experience of being on stage, ionnalee returned to the studio in the hopes of capturing her fans’ energetic response to her live performances. The result is a new album, ‘REMEMBER THE FUTURE’, which features creative contributions from Zola Jesus and Röyksopp.  Flaunt recently caught up with the artist to discuss her creative process and numerous collaborations, as well as her forthcoming album. Check out the interview below.  What was the process of making this new album, and who would you say are figures which have been vital to the ionnalee persona? a lot more enjoyable than usual. it was not a planned recording; it came naturally when I had some ‘downtime’ and started experimenting in my work space. I was able to tour last year, much through the support from my fans through my Kickstarter project. that made a huge impact in terms of feeling inspired. there’s also been things happening in my life, like near ones not being well and we’ve all just needed some light to be honest, so this album is about finding it in the shittiest of times from lots of aspects. eventually this beacon became an album.  Claes Björklund and John Strandh (both iamamiwhoami collaborators) remains vital for my work. we just really do good things together. Is there a complementary aspect of ionnalee to Iamamiwhoami, I feel like there is a more introspective aspect? yes, that is possible. the duo versus solo aspect is most evident as I see it. writing from a projects’ vs. personal point of view. I’ve felt less cautious and careful not to ‘destroy’ the writing perspective with my own personal beliefs and opinions, as well as me being a less technically skilled producer than Claes is, I have no respect or patience for theory, I just do. I have previously been in the co-production seat with iamamiwhoami and with my solo work I’m now exploiting to be fearless as a producer on my own.   With the imagery for OPEN SEA you have worked on, is there an aspect that is more Atlantean? EVERYONE AFRAID TO BE FORGOTTEN seems rooted more in nature, I sensed something more galactic in OPEN SEA. OPEN SEA is the first part of a little trilogy with influences from earlier space ages. I have been exploring the differences between the visionary then and now, as before we were searching for new life beyond our planet, and now we’ve started to look for an alternative place to inhabit for survival. OPEN SEA on its own is quite heavily connected to iamamiwhoami’s BLUE. Actually, that song shaped that whole audiovisual series. EVERYONE AFRAID TO BE FORGOTTEN is more earthy and grimy, and this album and its visuals are more atmospheric. How did your live collaboration with TR/ST come along? I knew he worked on your remixes before. He remixed NOT HUMAN for me. I loved it and asked him to produce HARVEST (from EVERYONE AFRAID TO BE FORGOTTEN) and we he came to sing it with me live for the first time in LA during my first LA show last summer. We’ve since done a few live performances together. He’s really great, as well as his music. There is some common ground both musically and in mood and I believe, in values. How do you envision ionnalee evolving? Is this just another evolution or a place which you want to explore for a longer time? I just take every next step based on what I feel like doing right now. And I use my current reality as base for my work process. ionnalee is just me with an ‘I’ reconnecting with my own artist career spanning over 20 years. It will be my core for now and then I’ll see what mind and body allows moving forward. Have done quite a few huge audiovisual projects for the past ten years. but the future’s still unseen. Do you find your work rooted more in the visual or sonic side? Sonic is my backbone and visual is a ten-year-old love affair still growing strong. How did you get involved with Comme des Garçons? Is it a collaboration for the ultimate identity of ionnalee or has it been more traditional as stage wear, etc? I have a humble creative alliance with Comme des Garçons via Adrian Joffe, they have dressed a lot of my visual projects for the past 4 years, I also collaborate with Dover Street Market. Adrian found my work through a friend and we connected creatively. For stage I make my own wear usually because I am really physical on stage and tend to break everything, so to be completely free I build the costumes to endure this inhuman treatment.   Photographed by NICO ILIEV at CYC-EYE  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Uffie Photographed by: Ashley Osborn  Uffie Photographed by: Ashley Osborn  Uffie Photographed by: Ashley Osborn Remember back in 2009 when Uffie taught all the cool kids how to get low and do the tootsie roll? The electro pop star from the future released “Pop the Glock,” onto the unknowing masses and changed our lives forever, whether we knew it or not. She existed somewhere between Myspace’s golden years and the dawn of Youtube, a phenomenon which wouldn’t exist without the internet and social media. She was an anomaly, the club kid you so desperately wished to party with, and the fashion icon you didn’t know you needed in your life.  The following year, she dropped her debut album Sex Dreams and Denim Jeans, which witnessed the unfathomable taking place before the collective’s eyes, she was now straddling the line between underground obscurity and mainstream pop. Alongside collaborations with indie heavyweights like Mr. Oizo and The Rapture, Pharrell Williams also showed up on the album, which gave the artist major clout. The sky was her only limit, but then she disappeared.  In the ensuing years between 2012 and now, Uffie teased a few comebacks but nothing came fully into fruition. She teamed up with Charli XCX for the track “Babygirl,” and released a few one-off singles before vanishing into oblivion. However, the year 2019 is upon us, a time for great transition and change, which means Uffie has returned, prepared for a glorious comeback. She self-released an EP earlier this year titled Tokyo Love Hotel, which marks a triumphant return to form for the artist.  Flaunt chatted with Uffie about her newest project, the space she inhabited when she wasn’t in the public eye, and, of course, fashion. Check out the interview with the queen herself.   Uffie Photographed by: Ashley Osborn  Uffie Photographed by: Ashley Osborn In 2012 at the height of your career, you took a six-year hiatus from music. What caused this break from the industry?  Between the loss of my mother and expecting a second child, it felt like time for a break.  I had been touring from the start of my career as a teen, and needed a minute to focus on my family and grow up away from the industry.   What were you able to accomplish while away from music? I think the pause was a very essential part to my project.  The growing was key, as was the silence to tap into a new wave.  What do you hope you can achieve with this comeback? Keep it real.  Make art that impacts peoples life for the better.  Whether its just a dope song that makes their night better, or one that they identify with that lets fans know they are not alone.   It seems like you became an overnight star when you dropped “Pop the Glock,” back in 2010. Tell us about how you found success… Was it as “overnight,” as it seems? No, :Pop The Glock” originally  came out and went pretty viral in myspace a couple years before that.  But things grew really fast… I think because it was never the course I necessarily planned for my life it was a bit of an adjustment- but a magically one at that! Your live appearances alternate between performing and doing the occasional DJ set. We all know your merits as an artist who writes and performs their own songs, but what do you bring to the table when you take the sticks as a DJ? My DJ sets are about the fun and energy -and people loosing themselves and dancing like they would at a house party.   What are some of your go-to songs which are guaranteed to get the crowd moving when you are DJing? I play a pretty eclectic set…  I am not as concerned about whats currently cool and everyone else is playing.  I like to surprise the crowd, Dizzee Rascal, to Animal Collective, to Ciara, to the specials. Before your music career launched you into the stratosphere, you were studying fashion and, eventually, released your own line with Diesel. Tell us about your connection with fashion, specifically your relationship with denim.  Collaborating with Diesel was a great experience.  My dad worked in fashion, on the business and textile side.  I remember as a kid going into the “office” and seeing jeans being lazored and stone washed.  I left high school early to start fashion studies, but couldn’t maintain it as touring started taking up more and more time.  Denim is such a classic and timeless material thats quite versatile.   Why do you feel its important designing and producing your own clothes?  I want to build a universe, and my music is the soundtrack to that world. Clothes are an extension to that, a uniform if you will, that helps it come to life.   Is there any chance we will see any more Uffie/fashion brand collaborations in the future? Definitely :)  You recently helped co-write the title track from P!NK’s 8th studio album Hurts 2B Human. How did this collaboration come about?  I went to my first writing camp last year, and it was probably one of my favorite experiences of my career.  It was in the desert with some of the most lovely and talented people I’ve ever met.  Hurts 2B Human was a song that was started there, along with Teddy Geiger, Scott Harris, and Xplicit. It was my first experience being on the songwriter side, and it was really magical to hear P!nk and Khalid bring this song to life.   Do you continue planning on writing music for other artists?  Yes, its something I’ve been continuing this year.   I of course love writing for my project, but getting out of my own head and into someone else’s is fun and refreshing.  It’s creating a nice balance.  You’re a proud mother. Has growing a family influenced your lyrics, or your music, in any way? That I am...I have been blessed with such incredible children!!  Becoming a parent makes you grow up in ways you otherwise may not necessarily.  I think that maturity has effected my music.  I am also much more aware of the energy that I am putting out into the world. You’ve already had a monster year with this comeback and its only May! What do you have planned for the rest of 2019? It’s been an exciting one!  Keep an eye out for a couple gigs and count on the music continuing to flow :)  Photographed by: Ashley Osborn  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   VALENTINO dress and BY FAR boots CHRISTOPHER KANE dress and CHANEL earrings. One of the things I noticed about Mishel Prada when I first met her was her magnificent way of speaking, with a voice that’s stern, passionate and gets you paying attention, then you see the bold stare and high cheekbones and are further enthralled by the actress. With her commanding strength and poise it is not surprising that she has captivated audiences to fandom levels with her performance in the Starz series Vida. Now on its second season, the familiar yet subversive storyline presents siblings Emma and Lyn, respectively played by Prada and Melissa Barrera, getting back together to figure out the family business after their mother passes. The ceiling shattering aspect which sets this quintessential family drama apart is Emma’s narrative as a queer Latinx woman and the way which she navigates finding catharsis after discovering that their disapproving mother had been a closeted lesbian. To complicate matters the family business was willed not only to the sisters but their mother’s wife Eddy, played by Ser Anzoategui.  The show is completely addictive in its charm, relatability, and jammed packed with the familial drama we secretly all live for. As we gear up to watch season 2 it is a revelation to think of the way which the show has deconstructed gender norms as well as confront the extremities of self-prejudice and the beauty of rebuilding a family. See below for our conversation with Mishel as we speak about families, self-love, and our Ancestry.com accounts. SIES MARJAN top, WRANGLER jeans, TOM FORD shoes. Hi! how are you? I’m great, how are you doing? Good, I’m in a diner in New Orleans right now… it’s awesome. Yeah, I spend part of my time here, so I just finished the press junket and all that stuff so I thought I would pop over here for a few days to decompress.  That’s amazing, how did you discover New Orleans? I was driving across country with my sister from Miami to L.A. and it was the first stop. It was love at first sight, I guess. It’s a very Caribbean city, so there’s something quite special about it.  I love that! Let’s jump in, I wanted to know what we can expect from this upcoming season. Your character’s development in the first season goes from very--sheltered isn’t the right word--held off and then opens up to her past. Is that something that will continue on? We end the first season with the stepmother character, Eddy, being completely battered and bruised and beaten, and with Emma, my character, feeling completely responsible for it. In a lot of ways, she is. It’s like a physical manifestation of what happens when you refuse to take responsibility and accept some things. We start the first season with her burning all of her shit and she sells everything that she has in Chicago, her life and her life that she built. And then she goes into business with her sister. As we know, going into business is a difficult thing, but then with family it's a whole other thing and we really start seeing old habits die hard. She’s trying really hard to be the capable island that she’s always been, but the truth of it is that she and her sister as well... you know making plans is great, but it never goes as planned and that is not the world Emma has lived in. I have a lot of admiration for her stepping outside her comfort zone and going back to fix what was left behind by her mother. I think a lot of us would shy away from doing that, we would run from our past and what is left of our childhood and move forward and-- She realizes that it’s important for her not to fix things but to heal things. That’s always a bit more confronting that you’d like. GUCCI jacket, top, skirt, boots, and bag. What about Emma’s relationship with her sister? How do you feel the dynamic has changed or is built upon in this new season? Well, we start the new season with a bang, literally--an orgy. That’s where we find Lyn. She wants to go forward and break her old habits but then she goes right back to her past. It’s the saddest orgy anyone's ever seen. She can’t go back, and we see that with both of the sisters. They set up that they can only go forward. It’s a difficult thing for both of them, because Lyn has always been looking for approval, but the only approval she needs is from herself and that turns into her strength. Emma wants to do everything herself, her way, and wants to bring her sister in. They want to be a family, and they don’t know each other. They knew each other as kids but not adults, so they’re trying to get to know each other. And they need each other. That’s the difficult journey that they arrive to. That difficulty is open and spoken about because of the complexity and circumstances that your characters are portraying. It’s really amazing that this show is existing to represent queer Latinx people, and in general a pocket of life that is not seen but is widely in existence. At the heart of it, it’s a very universal story. We all have different experiences with love in our life: the lack of love, the need of love, the looking of love. It’s a universal story, but now it gets to be told through the lense of  brown, queer women. Latina women. It becomes a revolutionary act because we haven’t seen it before, but it’s so similar to a lot of our desires and wants that it’s easier it is to be empathetic to each other. What’s exciting is that we to play these characters that let us see what happens in the private moments with these young women. TOM FORD jacket and CHANEL earrings. For you, how do you feel about the way the show has been received. Do you think it’s opening up the dialogue? Do you think the activism aspect of it has put you in the forefront of a conversation. Oh yeah… You book a job, you get offered a role, and as an actor that’s really exciting because a lot of people move out here and work really hard to hope that it happens. And when you get the opportunity to be part of a movement and a message. It’s so dreamy and so amazing because you realize how important it is. You get to experience you telling your story and hear people telling theirs. I’ve had so many incredible conversations, personally, with people who get really excited about the universal feelings but also specifically with the latinx culture. Things we aren’t really privy to, like women carrying the weight of the family a lot of the times and what it’s like to exist in two worlds. You exist in this borderland--you’re Latin-American.  We show what that looks like, and how  quickly children of immigrants assimilate. Our parents and grandparents came here to America to survive, and we get the luxury of self actualization. Like, who am I really? They did that for us. It’s a powerful place to be and truly and honor. All I can speak from is my personal experience and my personal stories and I think in the writer’s room, that’s what they do. It’s been exciting to see how people related to it. Yeah, it’s actually so funny you should bring that up. I had a complete anxiety attack recently because my dentist who’s also Asian had mentioned something about that. I feel like it’s completely through every type of immigrant story there’s always the conversation about living for the future and not so much for the now. And it’s so fascinating because it’s the type of, you know, “working hard” experience our parents might have gone through. And our identities, in order to be able to live, just to live, to be, is so much more introspective.  MIU MIU shirt, top, and skirt. I really wanted to talk: the visuals of the sex scene, and how important is it that we do see these outside of the norm of the usual sex scene. Having sex scenes with people who are gender non-conforming and things like that. Like what is that type of impact, you feel, on the audience? It’s a really potent impact because it  normalizes it. We are all doing it and just not talking about it. Out of sight out of mind. All other types of sexualization is fine. You know, this heteronormative idea of sex being this one specific way and yet somehow we’re meant, especially as women to carry this shame of what that sexuality looks like. I just feel like the more we can be open and the more we can kinda get over it because everybody’s having sex. People are doing it. And to just see different depictions of it, so that you go- You understand that that’s just normal. And falling in love with somebody is a beautiful thing, and it shouldn’t be something that you’re shamed for. And then getting to enjoy somebody sexually is a beautiful thing. It’s not something that should carry the sense of, you know, conditioning and the “oh this is not really that good”… because It also just hinders your ability to just enjoy it. And yea that just fun. All types of people are attractive and I think It’s a lot less boring when you open up your mind and allow yourself to just fall in love with whoever you feel emotionally connected with. People that have this idea of “oh well this is the package that they come. This is the skin that they’re wearing. This is what they look like. This is similar…” That’s not what I do. No, like this is great.  I love that, where are you from originally?  I was born in Hialeah (Florida) and well, I actually just got my ancestry.com back, and  I’m really Caribbean. But yeah, Dominican, Mexican, French. 20% African. 13% Native American. And then there’s a little- Just all over. Where I was born is Miami, and my grandparents are Dominican, Mexican, Puerto Rican, and French.  I love that. I just did mine, and I was shocked that there was a lot of like, South East Samoan type of island thing going on. It’s crazy. It’s amazing how they do it.  Yeah! And you’re like “where did that come from?” You know, it’s like 3% Eastern Jewish, 1% Middle Eastern, you know, 20% Portuguese, I had no idea. I asked my mom. She has no idea. We’re from everywhere! VALENTINO dress and BY FAR boots Have you tried the 23andMe. I feel like that’s would be a bit more crazier… precise.  Yeah I’m going to try… I’m gonna try them both and see what happens. But yeah, and that’s what’s also so cool because we have this idea of like “oh, you look this way” so therefore that’s your identity and that’s who you are. But it’s also part of the world experience. If you have dark skin, or different hair. The world experiences you in a specific way. And you kind of start breaking down your gene pool, and you’re like “oh man”. Especially in the Caribbean. There’s everything going on there.  I have a lot of friends who are from Brazil and everything is so mixed in beautifully and complicated like that.Is there anything else you would like to focus on? Anything else we should know about this upcoming season. What would you like to focus on for the next? I think that this upcoming season.  I think a lot of things are about faith in between finishing the season and waiting to see what it actually looks like because at that point you’ve done your work. It’s not in your hands. It’s over to the next round. To our incredible post team. And music and what that looks like. I just feel so excited for people to see it because we premiered Tribeca, it was the first time we had seen the first three episodes. It’s just, I feel so lucky to be a part of this story and, you know, working with actors like Melissa Harrera who plays my sister and then Tanya Saracho, the showrunner. You can see that there’s every ounce of love. People are laughing, cheering. It was a really special time for all of us to be together. And Tribeca was a special, fun festival and we get to give that...that sneak peek at. So, um, I’m just excited for people to see it, and for people to get to know our culture better. And get to know these neighborhoods better. These working class, immigrant neighborhoods. And also to get to know our characters better because the first season was like a little appetizer, a snack. And then, the second season is a meal. So You get to really delve in. And we also get to flesh out the world more. We get more characters. We have Raúl Castillo and Roberta Colindrez come in and just kinda start seeing that there’s not just one way to be a Latina. There’s not just  one way to be a woman. There’s not just one way to be queer. There’s not one character representing everybody. We get to sort of delve in to what that is. And also, like, managing expectations for these characters. You have all these expectations, and they’re never really who you think they are. So I’m so excited for people to see this.  Vida airs on Starz Sundays beginning May 26, 2019  Photographed by: AveThirtyFour. Flaunt Film Directed by: Jessie Hill. Styled by: Monty Jackson at Starworks Group. Hair: Tiago Goya using Oribe Makeup: Nicole Wittman using  La Prairie. Edited by: Marissa Charlwood  Music by: Julia Stone  Camera Assistant: Noah Deats  Color: Houmam Abdallah  Fashion Asistant: Toni Guerra Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    KALEOS  KALEOS  KALEOS  KALEOS The Barcelona based sunglasses label KALEOS is expanding to ready-to-wear, and the world is definitely  ready. The trendy shades have been perched on the faces of some of the most stylish around, receiving acclaims from some special souls such as Lenny Kravitz, Rashida Jones, and Rumer Willis. As if detailed and decorated year-round eyewear wasn’t enough, the brand is giving fast fashion a big “f-you,” and is creating a luxury collection that is hand-stitched and constructed with complexity. At 100 units produced for their collections and sold at an accessible price point starting at $100 and capping at $400. Detail is the designer’s middle name, and we got down to depth of this collection by asking them a little more about this anticipated launch. Check out the interview below, and be sure to get your hands on this limited collection.  With supporting fans such as Lenny Kravitz and Rashida Jones, what kind of style would you say a Kaleo’s customer embodies? I beleive that our client has clear ideas, knows which is his style and how to enhance it, but at the same time we have room in a wide range of styles, we play with eclecticism, which is what makes us contemporaneous, for us this collection is a liquid concept everyone can find their piece in it.  How does being based in Barcelona shape the brand’s aesthetic? This is an interesting question, especially since Mediterranean aesthetics have taken over so many strata in recent years. It is undeniable that the relaxation of the city and its open character influence our collections, but I think we are closer to the cosmopolitan and changing concept of the city than to the dreamlike concept of sun and sea. It’s clear that KALEOS not only celebrates sunglasses and fashion, but architecture, luxury designs and other artistic mediums. Can you expand on this? In a certain way we work with architecture and design as a base. The architecture of both our garments and our glasses is the big difference, as they fit, as the pattern fits the body. This is the meaning of design, so we give importance to the architecture and design of others. We have gone through the same process of research and it has resulted in a perfect piece.  Why do you think it’s important to pair a good pair of sunglasses with high fashion apparel? We started from the same base, self-care. Choose well and with criteria, to look good, with these projects we want to bring quality to a range of people who value purchases and more aware of quality because the future is not the present.  What are your guys’ (the designers) favorite pieces in the collection? Claudia has a special weakness for women's blazers and men's shorts. She also highlights the small details of the women's palazzo.  ﻿In a world of fast fashion, how important is quality and attention to detail to you all? It is a change of paradigm, fashion with society is on the move and we are witnessing this change, brands that we bet on working differently and create new ways of working to adapt our desires to quality and tailoring in our case, Spanish.  We noticed that the collection fuses neutrals with pops of color and patterns. What sparked this specific dichotomous aesthetic and how have you guys been able to fuse it? For weeks we worked on the colour cards, we wanted the collection to have a perennial base but to capture the summer light. These are fine garments that can be easily fused with future collections, but KALEOS always has a colorful and casual point and the collection has been given the pink neon in women and yellow in men. We do not see that it is out of tune or discordant, it is simply a note that broadens as we have said before the spectrum of our customers.  We know the pieces are limited, so how do we get our hands on it? They'll be on sale only on our e-commerce, so you're a click away from them.  What is next for the future of Kaleos? More accessories, and continue with the RTW line, it seems easy but at the moment it is a lot.  The KALEOS collection will launch May 27th at kaleoscollection.com Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Conceptualized just seven months before it’s launch, Ratio et Motus, is proving to be a prominent up-and-coming leather accessories brand. Angela Wang and Daniel Li founded the New York-based company in March of 2018, inspired by the equilibrium of sense and emotion. Minimalistic, vintage-inspired bags have become the forefront of their burgeoning success with styles like the Twin Frame and Lady Bag. Mirroring their minimal design approach, Wang and Li aim to minimize their carbon footprint. Sourcing leather from meat industry by-products with low waste and water use, the duo enforce social responsibility for both design and supply chain ethicality. In their SoHo design studio, I sat down with Daniel and Angela to discuss their contemporary creations.  How did Ratio et Motus come to fruition? Daniel Li: Seven years ago, I used to intern for the company that Angela worked for, and then she hired me. I was there on and off for four or five years, and you were always there. Angela Wang: I was there for seven years. DL: We learned a lot of things about how to run a business and how to be mindful of different aspects of a small business. And because it’s a small team, we also would just learn a lot from each other. AW: And also, I think we share a lot of the same opinions on things which leads to a good partnership. DL: We became friends, as well--we just know each other inside-out, and she’s the person that I trust the most in my life, and vice-versa. Hopefully, it’s mutual… AW: Of course, it’s mutual! DL: Towards the end of our experience there, we were not happy at all, and the aesthetic of the brand that we worked for was different than what we strived for, and we decided to launch this together. AW: We launched the brand in March 2018. Before the brand’s launch, we had been working on it for about seven months. The name of your brand defines the balance of “sense and emotion.” How was this name conceptualized?  AW: I think the sense and emotion comes from our life philosophy, both of us are trying to find the balance between these two elements, and we want to have a very emotional design that also makes sense. DL: Ratio et Motus: reason and emotion. When we were trying to come up with the name, we were trying to find common ground between us. I feel like in anything we do it has to be an expression of our true self; otherwise, there’s nothing that you can use to correct yourself for every decision you make. I think reason and emotion, especially after we launched, the name resonated with us even more as we grew. We’re not trying to do anything crazy--all of the designs are very vintage-inspired but modern, and you can feel an emotion that is calm and peaceful. And every time we try to make a new design decision or make any decision, it’s like, ‘Does this have the balance?’ So it’s really nice for us to be able to check ourselves with this principle. What design aspects influence your creative process from concept to creation? AW: For the first two pieces of designs in the collection ( Twin Frame and Lady Bag), they come from the design ideas we’ve been having for a long time before we launched the brand. For the rest of the styles launched later, we started the ideas from the shapes/functionalities we needed for serving different purposes and occasions. Once the concept of the shapes is decided, we move forward with proportions of the silhouette, details of the construction and color palette for the whole collection. DL: It’s definitely a process of many back and forth. All the elements get shifted around, regrouped to get to a place that seems balanced. The ideas keep getting enriched with every decision we make, and the final product is something that fits both of our vision. Do the minimal designs reflect your personal aesthetics? DL: For sure, I think anything we do for the brand stems from our personal aesthetics. It’s just a more complete and definitive version of it. AW: I feel I can find little pieces of myself from every style in our collection. And I think it is important that we design the collection in accordance with our personal aesthetic.  Sustainability represents a core practice for the brand. Tell us about the importance of this practice and how your mission of a low carbon footprint is achieved. AW: We only purchase raw materials from the vendors who have specific certification from Leather Working Group. DL: This organization measures the tanners on traceability of raw material, water consumption, toxic materials used in production and toxic waste management...etc. We also only source hardware that is made of stainless steel and brass with nickel free plating. All these efforts have been made in order for us to put sourcing on a sustainable level. It has been quite difficult for us to make the best choices because when it goes down to the vendor level, not everyone cares about sustainability. AW: And the choices are very limited, and the costs are higher, but we think it’s worth it. How do you source leather from meat industry by-products? DL: We go to this trade show called Lineapelle in Italy twice a year and meet with in person. AW: We talk to them to understand the process of their production from the source of the raw material to finishing. We learn a lot every time we go there. I think it’s very important for us to have these background knowledge. As a young accessories brand, how do you envision the growth of the company? DL: I mean, comparing where we are now to a year ago when we first started, we have grown so much both on a personal level and on a company level. Now we have moved into this studio and feel like anything is possible. There is just this energy going on in the studio every day where I feel like I want to make things and collaborate with talented friends. Maybe the growth will come from there. AW: Both of us are very happy about what we have achieved so far, and feel even more motivated to experiment with a different product category. Which bag has been the most successful thus far? DL: Every style in our collection serves a different purpose, so it’s hard to pick which one is doing the best. But I think Twin Frame is probably the most special because of the versatility and functionality of the design. What can we expect next from Ratio et Motus? DL: Having our new studio really helps, because before we were just working from home. Now with a studio, I feel even more grounded, at ease and ready to do some exciting work. We also don’t want to limit ourselves to just handbags. We want to explore different leather goods categories, and we are excited to present something different in the near future. To see more by Ratio et Motus click here. Photography by: Lyn Hersh Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017              In August 1979, Brooks Brothers became one of the first American brands to enter the Japanese market. Forty years later, the brand put on a runway show in Tokyo. The collection styling was inspired by baseball, and appropriately so. To celebrate the anniversary in the country, Brooks Brothers hosted the presentation in the Indoor Baseball Practice Field of the city’s iconic Meiji Jingu Gaien national stadium complex. Models walked the bases to a soundtrack influenced by songs from 1979, the year Brooks Brothers opened its first Japan location.  “We are proud of our long and storied history in Japan,” brand’s Chairman and CEO Claudio Del Vecchio said. “Brooks Brothers, like Japan, shares a unique heritage of honoring tradition and celebrating innovation.” In keeping with that heritage, coats and jackets presented featured classic silhouettes while featuring innovative construction and fabrics. The clothing lineup ranged from sportswear and suiting to evening-wear layered under puffy parkas and classic trenches. Tweed fabrics made a significant appearance — a Harris Tweed take on Brooks Brothers’ famous patchwork opened the show, and a dinner jacket in herringbone tweed wrapped up the event. With 25 locations in Tokyo alone, America’s oldest apparel brand is sure to keep their mainstay status in Japanese style for years to come. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017     LOUIS VUITTON jacket, pants and belt and talent's own jewelry. LOUIS VUITTON jacket, pants and belt and talent's own jewelry. We drive into the future using only our rearview mirror,” said early 20th century media philosopher and culture prophet, Marshall McLuhan.  Less than a century later, we have global anti-intellectualism and meme culture rearing its head like a freshly baptized baby sobbing for respite.  What do we do? Where do we go? Who is driving this car?  Do we need another banal photo of an ass in thong? Do we need more meat? Do we need more carbon copies and rehashings of the same superhero films nobody can relate to? (Rhetorical? Maybe.)  Is this paranoia real, justified... necessary? Alternatively, Wei Po-Yang, Chinese alchemist and master of the ancient divination text I Ching was said to have been quoted on his deathbed saying the most meaningless thing he could think of in all his life was “worrying.” So, do we grab the drinks with little umbrellas in them and watch the dollhouse burn? That implieswe burn with it. Naturally, contemporary hominids—particularly of the American ilk—won’t change their ways without a fight, being totally averse to pain and discomfort.  ...Enter the strange wraith of future hero.  There is a particular young man, somewhere between culture savant and savior. He rides a chariot of familial fame, notably with a father who at times has been called the most powerful actor in Hollywood, and a sagacious mother who is  no tourist to the silver screen herself. His name is Jaden Syre Smith: artist, musician, actor, clothing designer, entrepreneurial force and founder of JUST Water and MSFTS brand, and the philanthropist behind global non-profit 501CTHREE, dedicated to engineering practicable solutions to energy, food, and water issues plaguing Earth.  ANTHI STUDIO pants and talent’s own top. Eloquently, precociously, Mr. Smith relays, “There are definitely a lot of people out there spreading positive messages. For me, personally, I want to continue to build platforms so other people don’t have to start something new, so they can attach themselves to what I’m doing. I think it’s important for us to keep starting nonprofits and to keep doing powerful things so we all can help each other out. That’s the most important thing.”  Smith, via his nonprofits and with the help of other like- minded entrepreneurs, recently deployed a purification device called The Water Box to Flint, Michigan—which, incredibly,  is nearing the fifth anniversary of the beginning of the contaminated water crisis, and still suffering from polluted water. The Water Box filtration machine is located in the heart of the city at First Trinity Missionary Baptist Church, and will supply hope and, most importantly, up to ten gallons of filtered water every sixty seconds to the community. The machine is equipped with the bottled water quality filtration technology, with three-micron filters and an extra filter specifically designed to remove lead—the unique and fatal bane of Flint’s contaminated water supply. “The people in Flint are absolutely thrilled about The Water Box,” Smith says. “They get to use it right away. It’s free, they just have to bring their own jug and we’ll fill it up for them. The people there are trying to take showers with a bunch of 500 milliliter containers, and now they can fill up a 5-gallon container and take that home with them. When you’re trying to take a shower with bottled water that makes a big difference—as opposed to having to dump 12 bottles of water on you. It still sucks, but the container size makes a world of a difference.”  The Water Box project in Flint is a work in progress. Smith is intent on preventing Flint from fading from the public view. Sadly, as time has gone on, the nation’s attention has drifted. The first year of the catastrophe Flint received 2 million donated bottles of water, the second year 1 million, and this year the number has dwindled to 600,000. Smith weighs in on the details. “They have received the least amount of donations this year out of all the years they’ve been struggling, because people forget. Flint really needed this system because now the extra water that is not coming in donations, they can get from the box. If you run this box 9-5 every day for a year, you can do around a million bottles of 500ML equivalent, which is what they were taking in donations.”  MSFTSrep top. Smith’s Water Box dreams don’t stop  in Michigan—this is a global vision. “I put  the funds up for the first one and my mom [Jada Pinkett Smith] is doing the second one, which is going to be amazing. We will have  two machines. And then I want to do one in Oakland, because there are certain places there where the water isn’t good, and then I want to do one in Africa, the place where the idea for the Water Box was originally set to begin.”  Think globally, act locally—or what about cosmically? Speaking of the cosmos, Smith is  a Cancer. Check his bloodstream... maybe it’s filled with agua. He admits in a moment of colloquial reflection, “Yeah, bro. I’m obsessed with water.”  Aside from his work slaying eco-dragons, the breadth of the man’s oeuvre is baffling considering his youthful age. He’s been  in multi multi-million dollar movies—like  the remake of The Karate Kid, starring alongside Jackie Chan, produced by his father, a fore mentioned Hollywood heavy Will Smith (more on the patriarch later); he has produced a full-length album, entitled SYRE, a dreamy, beachy, heartbreak story sung down from the hills to the Pacific. He has launched a clothing line; he’s amassed over 11 million followers on Instagram.  How do we tackle this in stride?  Where have you seen him?  He promoted The Impossible Burger at the chain Umami Burger for some time— encouraging us all to eat more plant-based goodies. God bless him for that; after all, one of the greatest environmental disasters we face is corporate beef—go vegetarian, you’ll glow. He’s shared a stage with Al Gore, speaking on environmental policies and political meanderings.  Aside from JUST Water, Smith’s main focus is testing the limits of fame and personality amidst the web of his sonic endeavors. He harkens back to SYRE and its influence, “SYRE was about the boy that chases the sunset until it chases him,” he says, sounding like Rimbaud in a Tesla. “SYRE was about young love, but more specifically it was about young heartbreak and overcoming heartbreak at a young age. People downplay young love and say, ‘Your heart’s not broken, you haven’t felt heart break and you don’t know what real love is,’ and yada yada... SYRE was all about that... commentary on youth relationships and how hard they can be. As you get older you realize, ‘I was tripping, I was young, I was immature, she was immature, or we both could have done better it wasn’t that big of a deal, we were freaking out, we were in high school,’ but SYRE is taking the stance of, ‘No, this is more serious.’ And for some people it’s a life or death thing. It can get very serious if someone who once loved you doesn’t love you anymore.” Ah, but the Yin and the Yang. You knew this was coming.  SANKUANZ jacket and shorts, MSFTSrep top, BOTH PARIS boots, and talent’s own chain. Light doesn’t last forever. Eventually the sun will go down  and the gold chains will be unveiled from the gilded closets... enter ERYS (‘SYRE’ spelled backwards), Smith’s latest project; a pulsing, punkish, randy set of sounds made to set the club ablaze, born out of his first hit song, “Icon,” where he takes the gloves off.  “ERYS is not about heartbreak at all. It might be about dealing with heartbreak, but it’s taking a different approach— I’m not gonna be crying in the hills and feel like I’m caught in this weird crazy world,” Smith says. “Instead, I’m going to be the world’s biggest flexer.”  We finally see some fallibility, some mortality—that is, if you consider the ego to be a fault. But maybe it’s steeped in something too raw for the ego. “I’m giving people this first look at a punk whose name is ‘ERYS.’ He’s trying to mix rap and rock n’ roll together. ERYS has an obsession with vision... I think my music is helping to facilitate me finding my way,” Smith says, seemingly thinking his way through all this in real time. “Who I am. What type of artist I am. The ways I like to express myself and the ways I like to deal with my own personal issues through the music. I feel like people know about my  life or what I wore yesterday or who I was with yesterday. It’s hard for me to always talk about, so I have to make up these characters that have different lives than me—because it’s not all about Jaden all the time. Through ERYS I’m telling a story that might be fictional to me, but it might be a true story to someone else. Both SYRE and ERYS are things that I haven’t necessarily personally gone through, but it’s a metaphor and commentary on the world.”  It’s interesting to see a person who straddles the worlds of Fashion Week object fetishism and empathic philanthropy. It’s territory few are able to navigate, let alone thrive within; most either go all the way dark or all the way light, becoming some wayward bodhisattva.  The notion of walking in very different shoes has crossed Smith’s mind’s eye. “SYRE is the side of me that wears the same clothes everyday and stays in this one undisclosed location and doesn’t leave. ERYS is the side that is in Paris Fashion Week or on tour. There’s no way to explain it, besides letting everyone know that it’s like two different people. There’s no way to justify it as one person. When I was making SYRE people told me what I was and what I was doing:‘You’re just a boy who’s chasing the sunset,’ and I was like, man, that’s really simple. But it wasn’t that simple when I was making the album. It was more like, What is this? What are we trying to get at? What are we trying to say?” He continues. He’s on a roll: “Now I can look back and explain what SYRE is and I can listen to it and know what I can take away from it. When I was making it it wasn’t that clear...it’s a discovery process every time I make an album...That’s where the punk side of ERYS comes in. That was me challenging myself. What happens when I introduce something else into the fold? Let me try and bend genres.  Talent’s own robe. Let me not do something that I’ve done before and that other people have done before, that’s been proven to work... I don’t know how many of the punk songs are going to make it onto the album. I’m going to release the album, and then I’m going to release another album after it called And Everything Bad For You. I made over a hundred songs for ERYS, and there are only going to be 17 on the album.”  Youth is rebellion. But what inspires youth these days? Instagram enmeshment feels like a sparkly dungeon of all- things all-things... And what happens when you have 11 million-plus followers? Where do you look?  “I haven’t been on Instagram all of 2019,” Smith admits easily. “However, I will say Instagram is power. It just matters who wields it and how they wield it—cause even if you have no followers on Instagram you have power. If you can monitor what every single person in the world is doing it doesn’t matter who you are... that’s power... you can use that information in all different types of ways. It just depends, who are you monitoring? Who do you spend your time watching? I like to monitor what Elon Musk is doing. What he wears. What he does. Where he goes. Who he talks to. Who he monitors. Who’s important to him? Who does he follow? How often does he post? His lifestyle. His jokes. His friends...What’s Bill Gates doing? What’s Jeff Bezos doing? Where are you guys?”  Cut the check. Make it blank, too. Smith is putting us on game. The eyes are on the elite. Makes sense. The new technologies are out there if we are willing to look further  than the lusts, further than the drain-swirl of the soft-porn  and ready distraction. “Stay up to date on what technology is coming, because you’re going to wake up and be surprised,” Smith warns, then strikes optimistic again. “You could spend all of your time on Instagram watching sixty-second TED Talks, and you would be so smart. If you only followed Elon Musk and National Geographic and TED... it’s educational, sixty-second science. People think that Instagram is bad for everything. No, it’s amazing. It’s just...what are you monitoring?”  Jaden Smith is cultivating his own plot within superstar land, but we’d be remiss not to beg the guidance he has received from his father over time. The answer is simple, yet zenly profound. “One perfect brick,” his father would tell him on the set of The Karate Kid, a filmic undertaking the younger Smith thought would never end. The sentiment of the brick has stuck with him. “He would use the metaphor of The Great Wall of China. He would say, ‘I’m gonna focus on the whole wall, but you are just going to focus on laying one perfect brick everyday.’” He pauses, the aphorism sinks in. “Just one perfect brick. That’s all that I need to worry about, and one day I’ll look up and I’ll be blown away by my own work. And that’s exactly what happens, and before I know it I’m at the beach chillin’, and the work that I put in is there.”  MSFTSrep top, GIVENCHY tank, SANKUANZ pants, and LOUIS VUITTON belt. As for MSFTS—which, along with being a clothing company, is also an embodiment of Smith’s guiding philosophies—it is meant “for all the people in the world who just don’t know what’s going on, for everybody whose life has mind-boggled them to the core since they were born. For the people who feel like there’s something wrong with the normal society, for the people that feel like the world as we know it is not the only reality. MSFTS is for the people who feel like they’re not normal.”  Okay, sounds irreverent enough, commonplace enough for the young and strange—but let’s remember we’re dealing with a man out to make a dent in the Universe. Who said that? I think you know. You’ve got his invention in your pocket. Someone Smith might be akin to a century from now.  So, being different from the normal milieu isn’t enough. Smith is about action. “The actual literal definition of what MSFTS is is a collective of individuals dedicated to raising the consciousness of humanity through arts and science. That’s the mission statement, and that’s what we do: come together, make albums, make clothes, make movies. That’s our way of raising the consciousness of humanity, with entertainment and fashion. MSFTS is a part of what we did in Flint.”  And we shall see where ERYS leads us. The man and the music. Surfing on waves of punkish water.  Glimmers of hard-to-find honesty. Splashing up in booms and baps of rap-rock-punk, the likes of which we maybe have never heard before. A new kind of message within the lens of ERYS’ landscape. Planting the seed. Watering the seed. Watching it turn into a flower. One brick at a time.  LUAR top and pants and LOUIS VUITTON shoes The Cause & Effect Issue: Ditto! Photographer: Moisés Arias.  Stylist: Jay Hines.  Groomer: Giulio Panciera.  Hair & Colorist: Laurie Anne Zanoletti. Location: Hôtel De Crillon, Le Comptoir Paris.         Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Bored of your distressed white leather sneakers? No worries, KANGHYUK, (the label by Kanghyuk Choi and Sanglak Shon) and Reebok are releasing their limited “SRS Sole Fury” sneaker made from a literal airbag, satisfying all your 90s street kick dreams. The sneaker drops Friday May 24, at H Lorenzo in Los Angeles.  Photo courtesy of Reebok This is the final installment in Reebok’s “Advanced Concepts” SS19 celebration, honoring the Sole Fury and #SplitFrom campaign, which revamps the iconic split sole from the 90’s Instapump Fury to a modern sleek street style shoe. Not only does it have a unique unthreaded aesthetic, but is also extremely innovative with its airbag material. Kanghyuk Choi and Sanglak Shon explain the process of infusing Reebok’s Sole Fury Silhouette with Kanghyuk’s expertise:  “We designed the Kanghyuk x Reebok Advanced Concepts Sole Fury by using parts of the car airbags material we use in our ready to wear collection. Pieces of the airbag have been patch-worked together randomly over 3 layers, where the under layer forms the body, on the middle layer a long leftover airbag material is attached - folded - laser cut live and, finally on the upper layer, the parts are stitched together using the brand’s signature contrast stitching. Each shoe has its own individual number to reflect the uniqueness of the hand making process.” Photo courtesy of Reebok The event is from 6-9pm and is collaboration with D/ ARK, featuring an installation and an early release of a few sneakers. The Kanghyuk x Reebok handmade, limited edition shoes can be purchased mid June of 2019.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017        New York-based fashion designer, Moon Choi, is at the burgeoning forefront of genderless ready-to-wear fashion. Upon graduating with a BFA from Parsons, Moon won '­Portfolio of The Year' and finalist for 'Designer of the Year in ­Womenswear;' since gaining multiple CFDA design awards. For Moon, clothing is a second skin that influences identity and behavior. In continuing this conversation, she created a Journal blog segment to appeal to her brand's lifestyle community, sharing assets of art and photography.  Blending masculine and feminine silhouettes, Choi reflects the times of gender-inclusivity. Tailored suiting is a central pillar to Moon's design process, emphasizing structure as it relates to the human form. Her most recent collection for Pre-Fall 2019 embodies movement and emotion; symbolizing the 'layers' of existence with asymmetric construction and multi-layered panels. Flaunt spoke with the forward-thinking designer to discuss her design influences and conversations in clothing identity. While drafting garments for each season, what does your creative process look like? There's a lot of back and forth in my creative process. I get my inspiration by researching and writing scenarios regarding the design concept, mostly focusing on the silhouette and form. Then, I sketch draping shapes with fabrics in mind – referencing my research – go back to editing, draping, pattern making, fitting, etc. This whole process is repeated until I feel the garment is exactly what I had imagined. It's a long journey to get to the end result, but to me – it's entirely enjoyable as there's so much to learn on the way. What's your ideal design formula for balancing masculine and feminine cuts. There aren't any formulas or answers for creating genderless fashion. After I showcased a few seasons, I figured out that it's not necessary to differentiate what's masculine or feminine and why I am trying to blend the two. So when I begin the design process, I design based on my research on form, silhouette, and movement without the distinction of gender. As shown in my most recent collection, it's not about aggressively trying to appeal to genderless fashion, but instead, our brand's goal is for our audience to feel the message we want to convey openly with our eyes, ears, and mind. How does clothing influence one's identity? I believe clothing is our second skin. Clothing contains so much information about our personality, culture, interests, religion, and occupation, and this type of information reveals and influences the individual. For example, we instinctively dress according to time, place, and occasion, and as clothing influences behavior, this has a significant impact on the identity of the individual. Fashion is the most easily accessed and consumed product concentrated on culture, trends, and lifestyles of the present age. This makes fashion absolutely influential to identity because it is worn as part of our bodies all day. You once said that your background defines who you are as a designer. How has your background influenced your affinity with structured tailoring? That's really related to the way of my parent's education. Tailoring is the central pillar of my designs. While growing up, I would notice what my father wore to the office - the typical men's suiting. Every time he got ready for work, he would leave in a clean, tailored look. From there, I started to observe how his clothes formed his identity and attitude. This has Influenced my collection to create gender-neutral clothing consisting of wool blazers with dramatically padded shoulders and elegantly tailored suit coats.  Tell us about the Journal portion of your website and the importance of blending art and photography with your designs. I believe that fashion influences the identity and behavior of people because fashion is one of the most easily accessible and consumable artworks we incorporate in our lifestyle, culture, and trends. On our website, we're not just selling beautiful clothing; we're also sharing our brand's DNA through our approach to beauty and a tailored and relaxed lifestyle. By sharing the photography or artwork I'm inspired by, I want to convey to our customers the lifestyle and beauty we're pursuing.   What inspired your most recent, Fall/Winter '19 collection? The Fall/Winter 2019 collection was inspired by movement and human emotion. Life isn't a single layer; it's about your life experiences and how you move (physically and mentally) through it all. I thought about how the garment flows with our bodies and emotions. This collection also uses jersey for knit tops which are twisted at the torso as if the wearer had turned around. There are also trench coats with asymmetric construction and panels along the sleeves to evince a multi-layered look.  What's next? We show our collection twice during NYFW. Besides that, we are doing our best to juggle and balance conveying consistent brand messaging, delivering a high-quality product, and utilizing the best partners to ensure that. Once the momentum gets going, I want to explore accessories like handbags, footwear, jewelry, and other leather goods. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017           LeBron James is the king of basketball, there’s no denying this fact. They call him King James for a reason, he’s damn good at his job. Which is why it only makes sense he would team up with Nike, the king of sneakers. The two kings celebrated their Nike X LeBron James Icon release on Tuesday May 21st at the John Elliot flagship store in West Hollywood.    With dope tunes being spun by DJ Meel, food provided by the LA kings of pizza Jon & Vinny, it only made sense that the event attracted a beaucoup of celebrities from all mediums in the entertainment world. Besides his royal highness, LeBron James, and Nike’s creative director, John Elliot, spotted at the party were Tristan Thompson, Patrick Schwarzenegger, Jon Buscemi, Rich Paul, Dr. Woo, Kentavious Caldwell-Pope, and so many others.  Peep the photos from the gathering below and keep an eye out for the Icon when it drops on May 25th.   All photographs by BFA/Zack Whitford       Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Eyewear brand Arnette have teamed up with Post Malone for the launch of their new line of sunglasses.  The new campaign, for which Malone is serving as ambassador, is a street-style inspired collection featuring completely sustainable designs. The eco-friendly line boasts colorful, bio-based plastic frames,  and a bold 90’s attitude reflective of the brand’s roots. Each frame comes complete with a recycled, elastane pouch and dedicated packaging. The new line drops on Amazon on May 23rd, with pieces ranging from $100-110. POST MALONE sunglasses BORROW AN 4259                             Photos courtesy of Arnette Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Chloë Grace Moretz for Louis Vuitton | B Blossom  Sophie Turner for Louis Vuitton | B Blossom  Indya Moore for Louis Vuitton | B Blossom  Zhong Chu Xi for Louis Vuitton | B Blossom  Signe Veiteberg for Louis Vuitton | B Blossom Chloë Grace Moretz, Sophie Turner, Indya Moore, Zhong Chu Xi, and Signe Veiteberg bring to life Louis Vuitton’s newest fine jewelry collection: B Blossom. The star-shaped flower of the B Blossom collection embodies the House’s original monogram created in 1896 by Georges-Louis Vuitton.   Louis Vuitton | B Blossom  Louis Vuitton | B Blossom  Louis Vuitton | B Blossom With this new jewelry collection, Louis Vuitton modernizes its blossom motif to illustrate the power of passion, independence and femininity. Illuminated by diamonds, the collection features an array of pink and yellow gold rings, bracelets, cuffs, earrings, pendants and chain necklaces.   Louis Vuitton | B Blossom  Louis Vuitton | B Blossom  Louis Vuitton | B Blossom  Louis Vuitton | B Blossom  Louis Vuitton | B Blossom  Louis Vuitton | B Blossom  Louis Vuitton | B Blossom B Blossom is a playful interpretation of the the House’s iconic design, encouraging the Louis Vuitton woman to take risks and challenge the norm. Inspired by confident women who leave their mark wherever they go, B Blossom creates the perfect balance between playfulness and attitude.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The Love for All collection is H&M’s second release in support of the LGBTQ+ community, headlined by the Stay True, Stay You campaign. The campaign features actress and activist Laverne Cox, internet phenomenon Rickey Thompson, influencer Shannon Beveridge, and lifestyle bloggers Brock Williams and Chris Lin. 10% of each sale will be donated to the United Nations Free & Equal Campaign, which champions for equal rights and fair treatment of the worldwide LGBTQI+ community--what’s there not to like?     The collection is designed to spread a message of individuality, diversity, self-confidence, and equality. Each piece is a vivacious and modern, featuring a motif to the iconic LGBTQ+ rainbow. Silhouettes range from cropped and boxy to body-hugging and sporty, while key pieces include a retro bodysuit with rainbow wings, a multi colored sequin top and shorts, and a rainbow mesh t-shirt complimented with a rainbow nylon zip up jacket.  Take it from Laverne Cox: “I’m really excited to be a part of this campaign, celebrating an incredible community that I am so thankful and proud to be a part of.” The pieces will be available online and in stores beginning May 30th.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Bec Adams and Leslie Kirchhoff Left to right: MISS BIKINI dress and talent’s own jewelry. SEA NY dress and AMANU shoes.   Bec Adams, Leslie Kirchhoff, and Hannah Ryan Left to right: ULLA JOHNSON top and skirt, MIISTA shoes and talent’s own sunglasses and jewelry. ULLA JOHNSON dress, AMANU shoes, L.G.R. sunglasses, and  KRYSIA RENAU ring. RACHEL COMEY dress, ALDO shoes, LAPIMA sunglasses, and stylist’s own earrings.   Bec Adams, Leslie Kirchhoff, and Hannah Ryan Left to right: ULLA JOHNSON top and skirt, MIISTA shoes and talent’s own and jewelry. ULLA JOHNSON dress, AMANU shoes, and KRYSIA RENAU ring. RACHEL COMEY dress, ALDO shoes, LAPIMA sunglasses, and stylist’s own earrings.  Wedding season is right around the corner which means picking out your cutest fits, stationing yourself within eye distance from the open bar, reflecting on your own love life and when your big moment will eventually, if ever,  arrive, and dancing to the same uninspired songs which you hear at every single wedding. Isn’t there another song which expresses an undying love and the adventure you and your significant other are about to embark upon other than Journey’s “Don’t Stop Believing,”? Bec Adams, the founder of Les Filles, sure does think so.  “I’ve been going to a lot of weddings and it’s like DJ’s are playing the exact same song,” Adams says in an exclusive interview with Flaunt. “It’s a space that music isn’t done right at.” ULLA JOHNSON top and skirt, MISTA shoes, and talent’s own sunglasses. ULLA JOHNSON dress, AMANU shoes, and KRYSIA RENAU ring. RACHEL COMEY dress, ALDO shoes, and stylist’s own earrings. Les Filles Wedding is an emerging company hoping to eliminate the mundanity polluting the dance floor at most wedding receptions. Their loaded talent roster includes an array of female DJ’s who work closely with the soon-to-be married clients in order to curate the perfect playlist which will match the ceremony’s vibe and energy. As for picking the right female for the job, Adams says it’s an organic process.  “We’ve immersed ourselves in the community now.,’ Adams says. “I’m doing my due diligence on them like ‘do they know their music?’ and ‘will they show up and perform?’ It’s not someone who wants to do this for the wrong reasons, they have to do it for the musical experience.” Les Filles believes in the power of music, an aspect which shouldn’t be overlooked during the most important day of a couple’s lives. By organizing meetinngs with the DJs and clients months in advance of the big day, they stress how the perfect playlist can lift the ceremony and reception’s mood and energy.  MISS BIKINI dress. “It’s like people understanding that music can be something that balances the energy and hearts of the experience you can have in your life. It’s so malaligned and overlooked in any situation. I think the main thing is people understanding that and applying it to the most amazing day of their lives.” Les Filles Wedding is predominantly based in Los Angeles and New York, but also have worked in Austin, Miami, Denver, and London. They’re hoping to expand their services in the upcoming months.  Photographed by: Britt Lucas. Styled by Britton Litow Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Ermenegildo Zegna XXX Outfits Royal Ballet Flanders Performers  Ermenegildo Zegna XXX Outfits Royal Ballet Flanders Performers  Ermenegildo Zegna XXX Outfits Royal Ballet Flanders Performers  Ermenegildo Zegna XXX Outfits Royal Ballet Flanders Performers  Ermenegildo Zegna XXX Outfits Royal Ballet Flanders Performers  Ermenegildo Zegna XXX Outfits Royal Ballet Flanders Performers  Ermenegildo Zegna XXX Outfits Royal Ballet Flanders Performers Courtesy of Ermenegildo Zegna Earlier this year, the L.A. Dance Project premiered Bach Studies (Part 2) at the Théâtre des Champs-Elysées in Paris. Now, the Royal Ballet Flanders will perform Bach Studies in Antwerp, helmed by the French choreographer Benjamin Millepied. The performance, beginning May 19th, will see all the dancers perform wearing custom Ermenegildo Zegna XXX looks designed by Ermenegildo Zegna’s Artistic Director, Alessandro Sartori. Courtesy of Ermenegildo Zegna The collaboration on the performance wardrobe was driven by Sartori’s passion for the arts and the desire to work with his long-time friend Benjamin Millepied, co-founder of the L.A. Dance Project. Courtesy of Ermenegildo Zegna Design wise, the inspiration came from the purity of ecclesiastic dresses that worked well against Millepied’s choreography, balancing the bold with the delicate. Created in blends of silk and jersey, the fabrics complement the fluid movements. The lightweight fabrics used are deployed in a combination of black and off-white pleated skirts on top of leggings and roll necks.  Courtesy of Ermenegildo Zegna Alessandro Sartori was ardent to say, “I adore working with Benjamin because I love his energy, his creative vision and his modern dance, which is based on his knowledge of classic dance. This is just like my work, blending craft and modernity. The silhouettes that we created with Benjamin for this ballet are made of new and tech materials, yet handmade and couture-constructed. Men and women are moving in beautiful ways, and the clothes complete the silhouettes like a fourth dimension. THEY FLY ON STAGE...  I love them”  Courtesy of Ermenegildo Zegna Photos by Filip Van Roe Courtesy of Ermenegildo Zegna Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    & Other Stories x Mia Larsson  & Other Stories x Mia Larsson   & Other Stories x Mia Larsson   & Other Stories x Mia Larsson  & Other Stories x Mia Larsson You can keep your pearls, we’ll take the shells! & Other Stories is about to release their collaboration with Mia Larsson celebrating the sustainable beauty of oysters. The Stockholm based environmental jewelry artist merges the organic nature of the oyster shells with linear geometric shapes made of recycled silver, giving an architectural form to the coarse shells. The collection is composed of rings, earrings, a hairclip, and a necklace. About her chosen medium, Larsson says, “I think, like fine jewelry, oyster shell jewelry is a wardrobe treasure to value. It feels special to put them on, like a gem, and each one is unique.”  Along with the jewelry, & Other Stories made a collection inspired by the treasures of the sea using organic, recycled and sustainable fabrics.  The & Other Stories x Mia Larsson collaboration hits stores May 21 at stories.com  & Other Stories x Mia Larsson  & Other Stories x Mia Larsson  & Other Stories x Mia Larsson  & Other Stories x Mia Larsson  & Other Stories x Mia Larsson Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photographed by Gitte Meldgaard  Photos by: Paulette Ely and Anita Grigore  Photos by: Paulette Ely and Anita Grigore  Photos by: Paulette Ely and Anita Grigore  Photos by: Paulette Ely and Anita Grigore  Photos by: Paulette Ely and Anita Grigore  Photos by: Paulette Ely and Anita Grigore  Photos by: Paulette Ely and Anita Grigore  Photos by: Paulette Ely and Anita Grigore  If you’ve been to Coachella or are a familiar festival fiend, you know that the Do Lab team does not disappoint. Lightning in a Bottle 2019 was definitely no exception. Where pitching a tent leads to a weekend of psychedelic sensory overload, LIB completely lived up to the hype. In all of my years of festival frolicking and camping navigation, I can honestly say that no other festival is as immersive of an experience and so wholesomely welcoming. The wook wonderland was a refreshing world of genuine self-expression, where the most fashionable fits were not merely worn for an Instagram post. Not only were there legendary sets such as Santigold, Soulection and a Flying Lotus 3D experience meant to trip out those tripping out, but LIB also included yoga, swimming, meditation, and art that enchanted all of us far more than expected. That’s not to mention the unique family friendly aspect where sound-cancelling headphones hugged the heads of little ones whose brains were producing the most pure serotonin levels around. LIB is truly an unforgettable festival, and for those who can’t remember it, I guess you’ve got to get back to the lake next year.  Photos by: Gitte Meldgaard, Paulette Ely, and  Anita Grigore Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   A Queen Within. Installation view. Anrealage, Arvida Bystrom & Maja Malou Lyse. Photo Josh Brasted      The programming within the Museum of Pop Culture in Seattle is as widespread as the concept of pop itself. Parading through the museum’s interior, akin to a subterranean grotto sprinkled with 21st-century structural and architectural bones, visitors can walk into a number of richly curated shows. Feel like learning about Prince and his Minneapolis, or what mechanics go into horror film artistry, and maybe even an interactive, atmospheric focus into the future of indie game design? It’s all there. One show, though, has been able to capture a litany of motifs: the past, its relation to the present, mythology and its consideration of reality, and lofty ideas realized into living, wearable, commodities.  Chromat, USA. Film. Serenity, S/S 2018. Courtesy of Chromat. Still from Film. David LaChapelle, USA. Print. Burning Down the House, 1996. Courtesy of Barrett Barrera Projects & RKL Consulting. Photo Sarah Carmody A Queen Within: Adorned Archetypes is the latest exhibition joining the ranks of MoPop’s comprehensive programming. Opening to the public just last week, the show examines the visual symbolism of feminine identity through the prism of six various archetypes. Considering  the Mother Earth, Sage, Enchantress, Explorer, Heroine and Thespian personalities, A Queen Within incorporates the works of avant-garde fashion designers and artists into an enticing wunderkammer of sorts. Expect Alexander McQueen avec Vivienne Westwood avec Gypsy Sport in concert with Iris van Herpen, Hassan Hajjaj and Maïmouna Guerresi. Fashion is often criticized for being serious. Here, it’s exalted for the playfulness, color and even spirituality that its creators have cultivated. Diana Scherer, Netherlands. Root textile. 2017. Courtesy of Barrett Barrera Projects & RKL Consulting. Photo Diana Scherer      Curated by Sofia Hedman and Serge Martynov of MUSEEA, a multidisciplinary design and curatorial platform based in Europe, in collaboration with Barret Barrera Projects, a St. Louis-based art firm which manages an extensive body of McQueen’s work and others, the four-month-long spectacle is a continuation of the New Orleans Museum of Art iteration from last year. “We’re thrilled to bring such beautiful and inspirational work to our community that sparks timely and relevant cultural commentary,” says Alexis Lee, Director of MoPop.  A Queen Within. Installation view. Charlie Le Mindu, Bea Szenfeld & Tabitha Osler. Photo Josh Brasted Jordan Askill, Australia. Petal and panther headdress. S/S 2011. Courtesy of Barrett Barrera Projects & RKL Consulting. Photo Jordan Askill      Critical to the show’s success is the bouquet of multimedia which coalesces for each archetype. Artistic ephemera, in the form of YouTube video installs for Chromat (Explorer), LaChapelle photography (Thespian), or objects rendered from root textiles for the seeable future (Sage), encapsulates the exhibition’s curatorial holism, while the army of mannequins, draped in Tabitha Osler’s Smoked Mountain Dress (Mother Earth), Jordan Askill’s Petal and Panther Headdress (Enchantress) or Serena Gili’s golden fiberglass skirt (Heroine), rejects conventionalism in hopes of reshaping and rethinking what fashion and/or accessories can be. While fashion’s persuasive agency over our minds and, perhaps, credit cards, is present in A Queen Within, the call to action for sustainability and ethical consumption separates this exhibition from the others. This is nothing short of a feast. Serena Gili, France. Cashmere beaded top with golden fiberglass skirt. Discipline collection, 2012. Courtesy of Barrett Barrera Projects & RKL Consulting. Image by Sarah Carmody A Queen Within: Adorned Archetypes runs from May 11th until September 2nd, 2019 at the Seattle Museum of Pop Culture.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017             Emerging from Warsaw’s techno-punk scene, Natalia Maczek and Thomas Wirski conceived M I S B H V. The streetwear-turned-contemporary brand is rooted in conversations of culture and music in the post-socialist society of Eastern Europe. Poland defines the very DNA of M I S B H V, which encourages them to stay and nurture the creative talent that’s flourishing in the country’s capital. In recent years, the brand has skyrocketed; with upwards of 70 plus stockists and a thriving online platform, to say it’s in demand is an understatement. M I S B H V illustrates a nightlife tale of pride and progressivism with heavy denim and leather, monograms, and techno-graphics. Flaunt spoke with creative director, Wirski, discussing key influences, the brand’s “Sonic Sculptures,” and their latest Reebok collaboration on Daytona DMX. Which aspects of art and culture influence your creative process? Creation comes from inspiration, and inspiration comes from the outside world. Our world has always been the intersection of still image and music - a uniquely European perspective on rave and club culture in particular. Explain your personal connections to the early 2000s’ rave culture. Because of my parents, I was exposed to music from a very young age. I became a DJ at the age of 17, released my first record and started touring the world - Europe, America, Asia - at 21, then stopped DJing/music altogether at 27. I have spent a decade in that environment, making friends, getting lost, and building up a certain world view in the meantime. Despite its often destructive, nihilistic nature it is a fascinating world, very free and idealistic. How has Warsaw influenced the ethos of the brand? Europe, Eastern Europe, Poland, Warsaw have birthed the DNA of M I S B H V. Bowie’s 1977 “Warszawa” produced by Brian Eno is such a perfect record. The 1960’s jazz scene with Komeda and Stańko, Polish School of Posters with Szaybo, then the punk scene, the rave scene, the Y2K rap scene. The architecture - modernism, classicism, brutalism - all sitting next to each other in an unsettling manner. We love our country; we love our history, we are dissatisfied with the present but want to keep building a bright, beautiful future. How does the brand operate in comparison to other online-driven platforms? M I S B H V was not created as a business. We never had business cards, and we are probably the only young designer brand that is 100% independent. We keep doing what we like doing and try not to pay attention to any of that noise. We work for the sheer joy of making interesting garments that carry meaning for the kids that care and for us. How have “Sonic Sculptures” contributed to the foundation of MISBHV? M I S B H V is very specifically rooted in the music of the underground. “Sonic Sculptures” is a place for our friends and family to share their stories in the form of 60-minute long journeys. We think of them as “journeys” rather than “mixes” as we encourage everyone to DJ with their emotions rather than a generic “club” logic. It’s also a place to share our presentation/show music that is usually much more condensed and focused and in direct conversation with each collection.  What inspired the multi-planetary space travel concept for your recent collaboration with Reebok on Daytona DMX? When we started to work on the Daytona DMX, about 18 months ago, I was re-living my obsession with Jamiroquai. I’d listen to the records over and over and look at the videos over and over. I connected to Jay Kay when I was a kid and kind of forgot about my appreciation for his ideas - in favor of a less polished, less nice-sounding music. I was blown away to go back into his audio and video. That particular time in space was always a huge inspiration for M I S B H V visually - the late 90’s and the early 00’s. The photography and advertisement and music. It’s started building up from there. What’s next for MISBHV? What isn’t? Clothes by: M I S B H V Produced & Styled by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: Phoenix Johnson Film by: Hunter Airheart Models: Ana Bobrovska & Myles Xavier Photography Assistance: Cobey Arner Style Assistance: Valerie Stepanova﻿ Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Jorja Smith and Kali Uchis | The Greek  Jorja Smith and Kali Uchis | The Greek  Jorja Smith and Kali Uchis | The Greek  Jorja Smith and Kali Uchis | The Greek  Jorja Smith and Kali Uchis | The Greek  Jorja Smith and Kali Uchis | The Greek  Jorja Smith and Kali Uchis | The Greek  Jorja Smith and Kali Uchis | The Greek  Jorja Smith and Kali Uchis | The Greek  Jorja Smith and Kali Uchis | The Greek  Jorja Smith and Kali Uchis | The Greek  Jorja Smith and Kali Uchis | The Greek  Jorja Smith and Kali Uchis | The Greek  Jorja Smith and Kali Uchis | The Greek  Tyler The Creator  Tyler The Creator  Tyler The Creator  Jorja Smith and Kali Uchis | The Greek  Jorja Smith and Kali Uchis | The Greek  Jorja Smith and Kali Uchis | The Greek  Jorja Smith and Kali Uchis | The Greek  Jorja Smith and Kali Uchis | The Greek  Jorja Smith and Kali Uchis | The Greek  Jorja Smith and Kali Uchis | The Greek  Jorja Smith and Kali Uchis | The Greek  Jorja Smith and Kali Uchis | The Greek  Jorja Smith and Kali Uchis | The Greek  Jorja Smith and Kali Uchis | The Greek  Jorja Smith and Kali Uchis | The Greek  Jorja Smith and Kali Uchis | The Greek  Jorja Smith and Kali Uchis | The Greek  Jorja Smith and Kali Uchis | The Greek  Jorja Smith and Kali Uchis | The Greek  Jorja Smith and Kali Uchis | The Greek Cars lined up from the bottom of the hill to enter the greek theater. Just like the parking lots, the theater was packed with fans from all over. Theatrical and mysterious, Kali Uchis emerged as a silhouette surrounded by blue light. The crowd went wild. Guests, Steve Lacy and Tyler the Creator also showed up during the performance of songs they were featured on to surprise fans. The show came to and end with a breathtaking duet from Kali Uchis and Jorja Smith. Everyone came out to see the two female artists that inspire and empower this generation. Photographed by Devin Kasparian and May He Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    BIRKENSTOCK x IL DOLCE FAR NIENTE  BIRKENSTOCK x IL DOLCE FAR NIENTE  BIRKENSTOCK x IL DOLCE FAR NIENTE  BIRKENSTOCK x IL DOLCE FAR NIENTE Birkenstock has teamed up with Hotel Il Pellicano for the latest Birkenstock 1774 collaboration Il Dolce Far Niente. The hotel is a five star seaside retreat which boasts 50 rooms in the Tuscan cove. Founded in 1950 as a love shack for the luxurious kind, the hotel has been a well-loved spot for romance and spontaneity. The collab see the classic elegance of the iconic hotel meeting with definitive sandal to create a new iteration of the classic Arizona shoes in natural raffia in bright color ways as well as showing up in satin silks and suede. Ranging from $110- $520 the summer sandals of the season are currently available on MatchesFashion.com exclusively before going worldwide at 1774.com on June 15.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO bodysuit, WOLFORD tights, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, TATIANA VERSTRAETEN earring, and JENNIFER FISHER ring.  SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO bodysuit and JENNIFER FISHER ring.  SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO bodysuit, WOLFORD tights, TATIANA VERSTRAETEN earring, and JENNIFER FISHER ring. SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO bodysuit, WOLFORD tights,  CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, TATIANA VERSTRAETEN earring, and JENNIFER FISHER ring.  “When I watch telly or a movie, it’s escapism. I just want to not think about my fucking life for a minute. I want to sit there, and be transported,” says Emilia Clarke, the 32-year-old English actor at the epicenter of one of the biggest, highest grossing, most culturally significant and revered shows on the planet: Game of Thrones. 17.4 million people around the world tuned into the final season premiere episode of the show, making it the most watched screening in HBO’s history. Memes have been flying across social feeds, passionate debates have ensued on who will take the Iron Throne, and bubbling excitement-meets-a saddened unwillingness to really, truly accept that the eight season-long fantasy epic has finally come to a close, has sunk in. Game of Thrones, and the original Song of Ice and Fire novels by George R. R. Martin, is a cultural phenomenon of insurmountable proportions. It holds six Guinness World Book of Records entries, is the most awarded series in Emmy history, and has won 308 awards out of 596 nominations to date. It’s been quoted in speeches by politicians. Referenced in shows from The Simpsons to Sesame Street. Children have been born and named after its characters. Its fans are said to be the most devoted and dedicated of all, exceeding Bieber’s “Beliebers,” Gaga’s “Little Monsters,” and Star Trek’s “Trekkies.”  And now, after eight long years of the show and franchise, it’s ending. Chants of ‘Winter is Here’ float across countries, time zones, social media platform of your choice, and into the canon of entertainment history. Escaping to fantastical worlds such as Westeros is cleary a favoured pastime of our generation. “It hit at a time when, culturally and socially, people were interested in power,” explains Clarke, who plays Daenerys Targaryen, one of the warring heirs to the epic’s Iron Throne. The original story was inspired by the War of Roses that took place in England during the 14th century. “You’ve got power, which is really fascinating, and how our world is still run to this day, then you’ve got incredibly beautifully written complex characters and sensational intrigue.” GIVENCHY jacket and skirt, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, TIFFANY & CO. Elsa Peretti Teardrop earring and Elsa Peretti High Tide earring, DAVID WEBB cuff and snake bracelet. I meet Emilia Isobel Euphemia Rose Clarke, who is as English and lovely as her name sounds, in the other-wordly floral interiors of Annabel’s private member’s club in Berkeley Square, just behind Green Park Tube station in London. It feels like a fitting place to have coffee with the Queen of Fantasy. Clarke has dyed her short hair back to her natural brunette tone—it couldn’t be more different from the long platinum locks of her character in the show. We talk about the perils of constantly dying hair, how in love we are with BBC Radio 4 interview show Desert Island Discs (Tom Hanks and Judi Dench are her favorite episodes), battling self-doubt, her family, admiration for Olivia Coleman and Emma Thompson, and the first home she’s just bought and decorated in the London borough of Islington. Obviously, we also talk Thrones. Clarke was raised in a small village an hour outside of London where she lived with her mother, father, and older brother. There was a stream at the bottom of the garden with ducks waddling about. It was an idyllic and loving environment, but completely sheltered. “I remember very vividly seeing, at around nine or eight years-old, two men kissing in the street. I was like, ‘WOW!’”, Clarke explains. The proximity of London to this insular world, its diverse community and magnetic pull to its immortal art scene, meant moving there was “always inevitable.”  She describes her school in Oxford as “posh.” Most of the people there were from Conservative backgrounds, which meant she and a few friends often felt like outsiders. “It was confusing. Why on earth would you think like that? I earn a certain amount of money, so yeah—tax the shit out of me. I deserve it, that’s how it should work,” Clarke says. CHANEL jacket, JENNIFER FISHER earring, DAVID WEBB pin, and CARTIER Trinity bracelet. Clarke is a Londoner through-and-through. Although she bought her first home in California, which she still owns and loves, she admits she can only handle it in short bursts before coming up for air. “London is my hood, this is where I’ll always be. I’ll have kids and raise them here,” she says. “I’d get so bored if I stayed in California. How many more hikes can a girl go on? Jesus!” David Benioff and Daniel Weiss, Game of Thrones writers and Clarke’s best friends (“they’ll be at my wedding”, she says), have described her as goofy. She’s expressive, incredibly friendly, funny, enthusiastic, and someone who unapologetically wears her heart on her sleeve—right by the tattooed dragons on her wrist. Clarke’s eyebrows endearingly turn down when she smiles, and she manages to balance real warmth with uncompromisingly strong views. She’s petite, standing at around 5’2”. Despite her fame, there’s zero ego. She’s also smart, highly charismatic, and thrives on engaging with the world. It’s easy to see why Brad Pitt bid $120,000 at a charity auction just to get a shot at watching an episode of Thrones with her. Clarke refers to podcasts she’s constantly listening to, what she’s read and is reading, and politics. She talks about the Time’s Up movement’s transformative effects on the industry, and cuts through the bullshit-side of fame: “This is not real, this is photoshopping, this is four hours in hair and makeup, this is a dress that I didn’t buy, this is a stylist, this is a professional hair and makeup person whose entire job is to make people look beautiful. I’ve been the person who measures their self worth on those images, and it’s hell.”  BOTTEGA VENETA coat, top, and skirt, LACRASIA gloves, BVLGARI Serpenti necklace, and CARTIER Goldmaster De Cartier ring. Clarke knew she wanted to be an actor from the age of three, when she was too young to understand what acting was. She applied to every drama school in the UK as soon as she could. After a raft of rejections, she moved to the capital to continue chasing her dream, earning money through bartending and waiting tables. She eventually landed a place at Drama Centre  at the University of the Arts London—otherwise known as art powerhouse Central Saint Martins—when someone dropped out after breaking their leg. That’s right, the Mother of Dragons got into acting school because a fellow actor ‘broke a leg.’ The school’s alumni includes Pierce Brosnan, Russell Brand, Tom Hardy, Colin Firth, Michael Fassbender, and fellow Game of Thrones star, Gwendoline Christie.  She remembers her years at drama school as happy. She met some of her best friends there, people she still hangs out with to this day. “As soon as I get back home I want to hang out with them. If someone knows I’m free and says, ‘Come to the pub!’, I can’t say no.” Her first acting break was landing a one-off role in BBC daytime TV show Doctors in 2009, and a Samaritans TV commercial the same year, which is still on YouTube—an early flash of her acting brilliance. Clarke’s acting credentials don’t end at Game of Thrones. In 2015, she played Sarah Connor in Terminator Genisys, and in 2016 she starred in surprising box office hit Me Before You. She joined the Star Wars franchise, playing Qi'ra in 2018’s Solo: A Star Wars Story. She’s even voiced characters on Futurama and Robot Chicken, and performed on Broadway, too, as Holly Golightly in Breakfast at Tiffany’s. You’ve also probably seen her as the face of Dolce & Gabbana's fragrance, The Only One.  But it’s her character in Game of Thrones, Daenerys Targaryen, affectionately named ‘Dany’, —the show’s most loved and arguably most important character— that Clarke will forever be remembered as. Deep inhale for the official title: Daenerys Stormborn of the House Targaryen, First of Her Name, the Unburnt, Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, Breaker of Chains, and, of course, Mother of Dragons.  The character has evolved from a girl in her teens, dependent on an abusive older brother, stripped of her innocence and married to a war lord at the centre of a world of savagery, to a brave young woman suffering incomprehensible loss, rising out of the ashes, literally, with dragons in tow, building an army, freeing slaves, fighting injustice, and claiming what is rightfully hers: the Iron Throne. Inspired by the likes of Joan of Arc and Boadicea, Daenerys Targaryen is one of the most powerful and dynamic female roles ever written and performed for TV.  Clarke admits that it took her a long while to grasp international stardom. “To really understand how lucky I was, I think, genuinely: Season Seven,” says Clarke, explaining the moment when the reality of playing Daenerys hit. “We’ve grown together. She’s part of who I am. Obviously, I don’t have dragons and I can’t walk on fire, but there have been so many parallels in our lives that I have drawn upon, so each season has been so much me, and so much her. I doubt I’ll ever be able to see her objectively.” The role has at times, alongside other female leads in the series, been at the center of the debate on female representation in entertainment and media. Commentators, including female politicians, denounce the show for glorifying violence towards women, bias in showing female nudity over male, and using glamorized versions of rape as plot devices. Clarke’s decision to shoot nude for scenes is often heavily scrutinized. “I’ve put so much of my brain into this character, and it comes down to that. And you’re just like, ‘What? Why?’ It’s not an issue at all. It’s not in anyway something that needs to be discussed. And it’s all anyone wants to talk about. It’s not interesting, it’s boring.” GUCCI jacket, bodysuit, and skirt, ANITA KO diamond necklace, TIFFANY & CO. necklace, CARTIER Love bracelet and Juste Un Clou bracelet, BVLGARI B.zero1 bracelet, and DAVID WEBB yellow bar ring. Clarke scored the leading role after a decision to recast Daenerys post-pilot. HBO bosses were looking for a one-of-a-kind actor with the emotional variation and depth to carry the character’s complexity. “Throughout the show I’ve always fought for a sensitivity in her, which they’ve written in. I was like, ‘This is great that she’s getting stronger, but you have to know why. You have to know how much it is costing her.’ I’ve always tried to show that it costs [to get stronger], and it’s not easy. I think that’s as much talking about myself. There’s collateral there.” A resilience of character is something that Clarke truly understands. Days after our interview, Clarke published an essay in the New Yorker disclosing that she’d suffered two life-threatening brain aneurysms—the first in 2011, at the age of 24, after filming Season One, and the second in 2013 after Season Two.  During recovery, Clarke couldn’t speak. She didn’t know what her name was. She couldn’t see properly, it was so bad she wanted to die. For a spirit that thrives on communication and self-expression, how could she go on without the ability to be herself? Against the odds, she pulled through, averting serious brain damage. Clarke had to learn to trust her brain again. To cope with the overwhelming pain that the aneurysms inflicted, she attended press photoshoots and filmed with a morphine bottle by her side.  To clarify: Emilia Clarke filmed Season Two of Game of Thrones overcome with exhaustion and cerebral damage after a second aneurysm in her brain. It’s a story of survival. She admits the terror she felt at the time, a terror she sometimes still feels, but demonstrates the power of self-resolve that has rocketed her and Daenerys to fame.  RODARTE dress, CARTIER Trinity bracelet, ANA KHOURI ear cuff and gold bar earring, BVLGARI Serpenti earring and B.zero1 ring. It’s hard to imagine the strength and determination required to pull through such impossible circumstances, juggling the demanding requirements of a high-profile acting career whilst secretly recovering from a life-saving procedure. “Maybe it’s because my Dad was a crew member as his job, but I see it as my job to never ever let anyone know if you’re having a shitty time. I just don’t think it’s helpful, at all,” she explains. “When I do get the two o’clock terrors and feel like I’m the biggest failure on the planet and I don’t know how to breathe, I pop on Judi Dench’s Desert Island Disc.” Everyone has a balm to alleviate anxiety; for Emilia, lying in bed, picturing her loved ones and local environment brings her peace of mind. “I imagine myself in my room at home, I can hear my Dad in the garden, my Mum and my Brother and my family, and just hear those noises and I’m reset. That’s my happy place.” It was Clarke’s father, a sound designer for the theatre, who was responsible for her love of acting. He worked alongside Emma Thompson in a production of Me and My Girl. “My Dad always fancied her! They used to go swimming, but my Dad was short sighted, so he’d just swim in circles and bang into things,” Clarke fondly reminisces.  From a young age, Clarke would run around backstage and watch the shows he was working on in London. “I got to see the magic of it because of him,” she says. “He was incredibly encouraging but, also like, ‘Darling, if you want to do this, you’ve got to know that fame ain’t going to happen. Success may not happen. You’ll go a little bit crazy. You will work in a restaurant, you do know that?’” SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO top, pants, and shoes, LOUIS VUITTON stud earring, TATIANA VERSTRAETEN earring, CARTIER Juste Un Clou bracelets, and BVLGARI rings. She admits that this brand of reverse psychology works all-too-well on her. In the final season of Game of Thrones, Clarke earned a salary of $500,000 per episode, the same as her male counterparts, and has amassed an eye-watering net worth of $13 million during her career to date.  Saying goodbye to a job that’s spanned a decade, the safety net of HBO, and a film crew that’s become a family to her has been “weird”, “scary”, and “sad,” Clarke explains. “It’s such an enormous amount of your life. Everyone has grown. If you think about how much life happens in 10 years… Sophie and Maisie were children when they started filming, and now they’re beautiful grown women, and you’re like, ‘What?’. We lived our twenties on the show. The slightly older generation had babies. It’s so surreal.” In a bittersweet moment, Clarke laughs as she recalls re-shooting takes of a final scene with an actor who had to say goodbye ten times until they were actually done. “As soon as the first one went I was like, ‘What do you mean, you’re not coming back?? OK, we’re saying that it’s done, but we’ll all be at work tomorrow, and you’ll start to piss me off again, like you always do?”  As this decade of her life comes to a close, Clarke reflects on the next chapter of her life: “I’m an achievement junkie. I’ve got my goals, and I go get them. Turning over a new leaf for me is like, ‘Yeah, let’s do another thing, let’s change!” Clarke has set up her own production company based in Los Angeles with multiple projects already in the pipeline. She recently finished filming Last Christmas with Emma Thompson and Crazy Rich Asians-stars Michelle Yeoh and Henry Golding, due for release later in the year.  MUGLER jacket and shorts, COMMANDO bodysuit, TIFFANY & CO. HardWear Wrap necklace, and Elsa Peretti cuff, and CARTIER Panthere De Cartier necklace. Where does the Queen of Fantasy go from there? In a nod of noble solidarity, Clarke has launched a charity, SameYou, to transform care for survivors of stroke and brain injuries. “I’ve always wanted to help people. I helped my family first, I helped my friends, and now I want to help as many other people as I can,” she tells me.  She’ll continue her work as an Ambassador for the UK’s Royal College of Nursing, and keep spreading the love for the National Health Service and other causes close to her heart through her 19.5 million (and counting) following on Instagram. It was the NHS who first cared for Clarke after her brain injury, and who looked after her father before he passed away in 2016 after a short battle with cancer. Clarke was in a London airport when she found out he’d passed, right after landing from the States on her way back home to visit him. She talks about the family home she and her mom are building, with a dedicated ‘Dad’s Office’ in his memory. It’s an incredibly painful loss for her, and a defining moment in her adult life. “I cannot describe how much I would give everything I’ve done, everything I’ve made, everything, I’d just give back, just for one cuddle from him.” Emilia Clarke and Daenerys Targaryen are individuals who refuse to back down and refuse to run away when faced with adversity. Television may be escapism and Game of Thrones may be a fantasy, but in their respective worlds, action and tenacity are the matter that bond them. Clarke will forever be a woman on a mission. The Looming Issue: Any Time Now Photographed by: Olivia Malone. Flaunt Film Directed by Cynical Smile.  Styled by: Petra Flannery. Hair by: Andy LeCompte. Makeup by: Jillian Dempsey. Manicure by: Jenni Hipp. Locations: The Schindler House.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Yeti Out  Ryon Wu  Justin Scott, Kilo Kish   Justine Biticon  Langley Fox Hemingway, Sarah Sutherland, Dylan Penn  Micah Mahinay  TOKiMONSTA  Moses Sumney, Empress Of  Eri Ali, Tom Bray  Vicki Ho, Kathleen Tso  With all eyes on China as one of the leader in the world of luxury and streetwear, Coach recently tapped a crew of emerging Chinese artists: Yeti Out, Zhu Jingyi, Guang Yu, and Sui Jianguo to give their mascot Rexy a new look with the launch of Rexy Remix. Shown as part of the Pre-fall collection presented in Shanghai, Rexy was placed onto the Yeti Out logo, given the 3d treatment and also envisioned in an expressionist drawing.    To celebrate the launch the music team and collaborator Yeti Out came out to LA to host and DJ a party with Kathleen Tso and Vicki Ho of indie magazine Banana. Speaking with one of Yeti Out’s founders Tom Bray explained the culture which helped create their smiley logo as well as the curation for the music which kept the crowd of Banana mag approved cuties dancing all night long.         Where did the collaboration come from? Our first chat with Coach Creative Director Stuart Vevers was kicked off by a shared interest for Factory Records, which went on to become Paradise Factory, a club we frequented in Manchester circa '06 - '09 - subsequent to Stuart’s dancing years at The Hacienda.  What is the origin of the design for the Rexy Remix? For Yeti Out capsule "artist" collaboration for Coach, we reworked the acid house emblem with Chinese motifs, we wanted to show both our stories and inspiration from dance culture in fun and quality designs that only a heritage brand like Coach can help execute. We were also given the chance to work with the iconic monogram print which is really special and personal. The music was sublime how was the music curated for the night? Yeti was founded during the mid 00 blog era and UK bass music producer Sinden definitely soundtracked those years - for our party, he delivered an energetic UK garage set, while Mike Gao’s lofi sino beats nod to mode experimental sounds we’re pushing in China. Our good friend Brenden Fowler also opened the night with a fun selection of records, spinning alongside Saigon-via-LA producer Demon Slayer who played cuts from our record label Silk Road Sounds. It was awesome to raise the glass with our LA friends as we kicked off this worldwide release tour, and bring together the creative community to share good times.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Longchamp | LGP  Longchamp | LGP  Longchamp | LGP  Longchamp | LGP  Longchamp | LGP  Longchamp | LGP Longchamp introduced their latest offering, the Longchamp LGP monogram to much funfair with an exclusive pop-up at the Westfield Century City at The Atrium. The collection gathers together the Warholian spirit of pop art with the nuances of the German Bauhaus movement. Graphic and loud the print’s color ways in black, red, neon yellow and white make for a subtle yet distinct statement piece perfect for the streets.  Stephanie Disegni CEO of Longchamp USA spoke on what makes LA perfect for the pop up“The casual, chic, spirited vibe of LA with its big city cool made it the perfect destination to launch LGP with its modern, graphic black and white print. The space at Century City was a blank canvas where we could play with the concept and full expression of the collection.”  Longchamp LGP collection  Longchamp LGP collection  Longchamp LGP collection  Longchamp LGP collection  Longchamp LGP collection  Longchamp LGP collection  Longchamp LGP collection  Longchamp LGP collection  Longchamp LGP collection  Longchamp LGP collection  Longchamp LGP collection  Longchamp LGP collection Check out the Longchamp LGP pop up at Westfield Century City at The Atrium  until June 21st 10250 Santa Monica Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90067 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Juice WRLD does not know where he is. “In Geneva?” Jarad Higgins is right, and he is very far from home. When we speak he’s just hours removed from the finish line of his twenty-two stop run on Nicki Minaj’s international tour, as Future’s last-second replacement. It is not his first time here (his third, actually, although this trip is by far his most extensive to date) and almost certainly not his last. But the lingering geo-spatial dislocation is forgivable, given the circumstances.  Circumstance 1: Geneva is a long way from Juice’s home in the South Side of Chicago. Circumstance 2: Juice is twenty, currently immersed in the spin-cycle vortex of a major international stadium rap tour, each city a night, each stage a blink. Circumstance 3: Juice has just undergone perhaps the most supernaturally rapid launch into popstardom of the twentieth-century, a catapult through hyperspace. It is difficult to overstate what it felt like to witness his rise in 2018, charted in real- time: he wasn’t there, and then There He Was, a real-life creation myth.  HUDSON JEANS jacket and sweatshirt and stylist’s own clear coat. It an obvious truth of your late- teens and early twenties that each year flickers by faster than the last, but Juice’s 2018 must have been a blur: peaking into the SoundCloud top 50 in January, Cole Bennett-directed videos in February, international ultrastar by the time the snow started to melt. It’s almost suspicious. When I ask him about the label some have applied—“industry plant,” the murmur du jour—he laughs. “It’s hard for me to believe I’m not one. I feel like I was just on my couch watching these people on YouTube videos, and now I’m sitting here, shaking hands and making beautiful music with them.”  It is easy to imagine the myriad ways that sudden fame can infiltrate one’s psyche and warp one’s perspective, and it would be cynical to begrudge an eighteen-year-old in that position for an ill-advised financial decision or TMZ blow-up. But Juice’s narrative is unusual for those of his ilk. He sounds more like the eye of the hurricane rather than the hurricane itself.  FENDI suit, DIOR MEN harness, vintage VERSACE sunglasses available at thevintagetrap.com, and talent’s own jewelry Locating stability in a daily routine that has ruthlessly stripped out any time that is unproductive (a sacrifice in the name of superstardom), and in a life that has upended his dynamic with everyone important around him, is a constant battle. He’s careful not to court negativity too closely, constantly thanking his fans and God for his blessings, but the central trait that drives our conversation is pragmatism. “That’s a lot of artists’ mistakes—they stop and look back too early,” he tells me. “The main thing is remembering why I do what I do, and the fact that I love doing what I do. There’s a certain way I want it to be done, and there are certain aspects and characteristics of myself that can’t be changed.”  Well, the stratosphere evidently matches his temperament. “Lucid Dreams,” the star-making single, is not everyone’s single— it wasn’t mine, and as the increasingly dismissive manner that Juice speaks about it now suggests, it probably isn’t his anymore either. But it really struck something: it is anguish in lockstep with flames, tinged by Sting sepia, and by the end of the year it had raced its way to nearly a billion on-demand audio and video streams according to BuzzAngle—the most streamed non-Drake song of the year. The indelible image from the song’s video is Juice’s head sticking up through a hole in the carpet, eyes so dull they mute his wails. Welcome to the face of teenage angst in 2018. It is genuinely staggering to think about the number of teenagers who have stared at their moonlit dashboards in still cars or lived their breakups to this song. In some ways that statement is self- evident and applicable to any sad Top 40 entrant, but whatever universal groundswell that Juice has tapped into seems more Tyler, the Creator (or even Kurt Cobain) than The Weeknd, a brand of brash teenage angst that is Not Meant For Me.  ASTRID ANDERSEN jacket and pants, STUDIO ALCH top, and vintage CHANEL sunglasses available at thevintagetrap.com. That dispatch had enough gas to fuel a debut album by mid-May, the mildly-sophomoric and very Juice Goodbye & Good Riddance. Like most debut albums rushed to store shelves and Spotify playlists to capitalize on world-breaking singles, Goodbye was part album and part lifetime-compilation, and thus outdated before it even arrived, with material (including “Lucid Dream”) dating back to high school. And like anything remotely associated with high school, it triggers vague embarrassment even in its maker—when Juice and I talk, we get momentarily distracted cataloging the number of songs on the album that weren’t about relationships (the final tally was 2 of 15). “I had some...high school feelings towards relationships,” as Juice puts it wryly. “When you broke up with someone you thought you loved in high school, it’s the whole ‘end-of-the-world’ mentality.”  If Goodbye was the awkward crash out of high school (although it has to be said—my awkward high school years didn’t get me a Billboard single), then Juice’s sophomore album, Death Race For Love, seems set to be cast as the college freshman reinvention. And to that point: Juice and everyone around him seem deeply aware that Death Race for Love is his Prove-It Album—the one that separates flame-outs from the real superstars. Accordingly, the party line is that things are Very Different and that Juice is Finding His Sound—when we speak, he tells me it’s an “updated version of a couple different areas of my mind. Goodbye was drawn from a real story, put together like a story, but on Death Race For Love, some songs have a correlation, but it’s just examples of different directions I could go and different ways I’ve been feeling over the past year.” It’s the reinvention and maturation all at once, the toughest double- billing in artist development.  LOUIS VUITTON top, pants, and shoes and vintage VERSACE sunglasses available at thevintagetrap.com In this case, the party line is both fair and unfair. First: Death Race is almost certainly at least five or six songs too long, still blinks into tried-and-true too often (within 30 seconds Juice is comparing his soul to a black hole), and threatens to spiral out of orbit without the gravity of a clear thematic epicenter. So yes, in some senses it is all just AutoTuned-sprawl, about 20% too prone to grasping at the most available synonym or simile, and intent on tripping over itself, constantly.  But then again, its resistance to categorization—darting from Ski Mask the Slump God karaoke to vicious Eminem homages over Spanish guitars—is mesmerizing. Similarly but more profoundly, Juice will tell me later that he doesn’t want to set goals for himself because goals often turn themselves into boundaries. One central conceit of music is the audacity to believe that things that are ineffable and at least nonverbal can be converted not just into words that can be verbalized and inscribed, but words that are also poetic. It’s odd to think Juice WRLD might lie outside of that entire framework—the central conceit of his music is that it doesn’t really matter if sometimes you call your soul a black hole if you sing it like that.  LOUIS VUITTON top and pants and vintage VERSACE sunglasses available at thevintagetrap.com It doesn’t feel like an overly cynical take on pop music to suggest that the real operator working overtime in any really transcendent pop song is the abstraction of emotion into the greatest common factor, generalization and reduction. And Juice’s ability to abstract without losing his individuality feels like the one truly, irrefutably transcendent quality of Juice’s music. His voice stabs a direct line of electricity into wherever the center of your emotional being is: voices are not supposed to sound lost, like Juice’s does on “Maze,” whirling into different directions, each line tumbling over itself. Age has a way of abstracting emotion, and I cannot imagine a notion more antithetical to what Juice WRLD does.  An aside: I think that is partially why the stop-motion chaos that Death Race’s album cover conjures is so deeply unnerving to me. It looks like destruction, self-destruction, chopped up into freeze frames and then downsized, digitized, and abstracted into the insignificant materialism of a PlayStation game cover, not just fictionalized but trivialized. Later, Juice will tell me, “Every song I make doesn’t have to be ocean deep—that’s the beauty of being an artist. You’re an artist, you can create whatever you want to create.” I can’t help but feel that this statement is both utterly straightforward and a crucial, fundamental reflection of how thin the barrier between Juice WRLD and Juice WRLD.mp3 is. When every emotion is a lyric and every day is dozens of songs, what does it mean to capture just one sliver of that?  ASTRID ANDERSEN jacket and pants, STUDIO ALCH top, FENDI shoes, and vintage CHANEL sunglasses available at thevintagetrap.com. The id bleeds through everything. Five-day recording marathons like the one that birthed Death Race and entire collaboration albums borne out of Instagram interactions feel like the right artistic outputs for a twenty-year-old who is constantly recording, with over 400 songs in the bank. “It’s just something that I can do, like a basketball player going to the gym—an action that keeps me trained,” he tells me. When I ask him if it ever becomes emotionally taxing to constantly record music that seems to demand such a steep emotional price, he waves it off, telling me, “I don’t ever see myself having difficulty conjuring up emotion. What makes me different from a lot of people is that I’m not afraid to put anything on a song. If I have a thought process starting where I want to explain a feeling or emotion, I just hope people understand it the way I understand it.”  But I am still asking myself whether Juice is at a more precarious junction than the crossover stars that have preceded him in the past few years—did Post Malone’s persona and angle ever feel this fundamentally untenable? What happens when Juice WRLD turns twenty-four? One of the most obvious parallels for Juice is XXXTentacion, who, in an equally meteoric rise about a year before Juice, had strung up a sharper, more irretrievably broken strand of pain—and partially did so by creating art that was inextricably linked to his identity as a deeply controversial, at times inhuman, human. X’s brief creative output before his death last June, all tightly-wound and over in what felt like a matter of seconds, was deeply sad in the fleeting moments where it was not deeply disturbing.  Juice has never been as incendiary or polarizing as X was, and it’s difficult to imagine him ever being so, but the implicit question for them both is essentially the same: when the art you create is so adjacent to your emotional state, and particularly your emotional state at the age of nineteen, how does that resolve itself as time passes? The teenager shines through all the cracks, both when he jokes about missing McDonald’s abroad (“I gamble for my life every day figuring out if what I put in my face is edible!”), but also in the alarm he betrays when he talks to me about the spotlight, the pressure to never make a mistake, never trip up: “I didn’t sign up to be Christ,” he tells me, sharply. But whether he likes it or not, there are a lot of different music meta-narratives— emo rapper, industry plant, even the Chicago drill lineage his manager, Lil Bibby, implies—that converge in front of Juice. As he wryly puts it to me: “Shit is getting kinda colossal.”  When he traces back the last year, his struggle to keep zooming out, to maintain perspective, is palpable. It is the only time Juice lets the surface betray ocean-deep tensions. “I pay attention to what’s going on in the moment and try and grasp it as best as I can, to make sure everybody else thinks I’ve grasped it a hundred percent,” he says to me, quietly, pausing. “And I keep it pushing. Time don’t stop. There’s no room to stop, not now.”  The Cause & Effect Issue: Ditto! Photographed by: Edward Cooke at WMA.  Stylist: Jay Hines.  Groomer: Violet Zeng.  Photographer Assistant: Jude Watkinson.  Fashion Assistant: Sergio Pedro At Osal Studio.  Tailoring: Grant Sandiford At Osal Studio.  Producer: Hannah Gower-Quiroga.  Production: Wma Studios.  Location: Osal Studio. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   What happens when you bring together two very different fashion brands for an original line which celebrates vintage, and the idea of transforming old into something new? You have the newest line from RE/DONE and The Attico, a collaboration focused on reimagining Los Angeles in the 70’s and 80’s.  It’s been a collaboration crazed year in fashion. There’s nothing more intriguing than the love child produced by two fashion houses with different ideas and taste. Whatever the outcome, the results are always intriguing and wholly original. RE/DONE is known for creating sustainable fashion through heritage brands, while The Attico, an Italian based brand, collects artisanal pieces which beg to be flaunted on city streets. Their lines embody the coolness radiating from different cities, which makes their union with RE/DONE, a house based in Downtown Los Angeles, a perfect fit. Even though there’s a noticeable difference between the two houses, a love of all things vintage remains a great Uniter.     “This collaboration with RE/DONE gave us the opportunity to work with real vintage pieces in order to keep the authenticity of the product, “ Giorgia Tordini and Gilda Ambrosio, the founders of The Attico,  said in a previously released statement. “It was fun to add crystals, bows, crop the hoodies, drape denim pants into miniskirts, give cargo pants a sexy look. We envisioned a new different woman from the one that we usually reference with our own brand.”  With floral dresses, 70s inspired graphic tees, and tailored cargos, the RE/DONE and The Attico collaboration embodies the effortlessly coolness which graced the streets of Los Angeles in the 1970s and 1980s. Is it heaven or is it Los Angeles? The line between the two will grow even more blurry with this collaboration.    RE/DONE + The Attico collection will be available at Matches Fashion, Selfridges, Galeries Lafayette Champs Elysees, Antonia, and Barneys New York on May 15th.  Photographs by Pierre-Ange Carlotti  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    TRIPLE RRR suit and CALVIN KLEIN shoes  TRIPLE RRR suit. GUCCI Jacket and pants  The electronically tinged bohemian spirit that we have come to think of Young & Sick is back. Still in his “Ojai” spirit of kimonos and owning a space as a prince of the remix realm, LA based musical and art project from the Dutch artist Nick van Hofwegen recently dropped his latest addition Size of Relief. After releasing a slew of tracks and his last EP “No Static” in 2018, the latest mini album sees Hofwegen delve into the most dance forward release featuring a steady flow of killer beats and pulsating synths. The multimedia artist is best known for his grooving electronically driven rock sound as well as his visual collaboration with acts like Foster The People and Maroon 5. With this new release and new hair cut we took a moment with the artist to speak about his latest offering. CALVIN KLEIN t-shirt and OVADIA & SONS pants What has the process of this new album been like for you, you're look has changed even. We made the EP quickly before the tour because it included a dance group in The Knocks tour, went kind of faster than usual. More heavily in the dance spectrum than previous stuff. It was more positive and fun to play around with dancier stuff and I wanted to put that in front of people. It was amazing that sonically that has been more direct in the dancability. Yes, subcultures, low cultures, ect.  I knew I was going in that way. Originally I took the older songs and made them more dancy, making stuff that was more adapted to that.  Was it a natural progression or did you find any creative blocks No, I think changing it up gets rid of those blocks. I have a new record coming out that changes all those signatures. I think it opens you up Whats the single? Its called “Its A Storm” its the penultimate one because there is one more coming out after. Its the slowest in bpm, but in execution its open.  Whats next on the books? Two more songs coming out off of the  EP, “Size of Relief”. A lot is going on with live sessions for radios and while all of that is happening I’m going deep into the next record since the EP was made about half a year ago. More tour, supporting or headlining.  What is your approach to performing this body of work now? Is it more DJ oriented? On The Knocks tour there was limited seating on the bus so we had to tone it down to three people. Took a break with the new drummer because he was in NY and I was in LA, so we had drummer Steve and Luke who’s been with me the whole time. We did a three piece keyboard and drums and myself on guitar and vocals. We were very conscious of making it dancy and making it pumped.  TRIPLE RRR kimono and jumpsuit. How do you translate that into performance? We’ve opened for a lot of different acts and definitely The Knocks were very nice to us and well receiving in a very lovely way. We took on everyone's energy, The Knocks, they play with six people and have a dj set together in the middle. Then I play, we try to make it a great show.  Are live performances something you feel you will move forward with as something to explore, or is it temporary? Personally I would tour everyday of the year if possible. Its hard for bands to tour often as things are the way they are. But I am sad when the tour is over. You get to go to different states, venues, and meet different people.  ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA suit and shirt You are known as an artist who creates music and media art, how do you feel your art is moving, do you feel its splitting as you make more music? I feel like they work hand in hand, I work with a lot of different artists to make art and I feel that in those cases the music dictates what the art will look like since I sample those acts music for their art. Everytime I switch fields, it also changes my work.  How do you feel your current album cover is a reflection of your state in music?  This one is more abstract and organic, more patterns since it has more patterns in the music. Its simple, like the music.  More textual and graphic, feels more tangible. Are you going to be collaborating with anyone? Fashionable people, we did a fashion based album, with Mark Foster. I got caught up with things I would never have done by myself, He really knows what hes thinking. Its nice to work with someone whose on it.  Are you creating any personal bodies of work you want to show in an institution.  I did a gallery show recently and while in New York this summer I'll be hopefully working on some more… Photographed by: Danielle Defoe Styled by: Sonia Young Grooming: Johnny Stuntz  using Oribe at Crosby Carter MGMT Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    KITH Partners with Branded Arts for Maya Angelou High School  KITH Partners with Branded Arts for Maya Angelou High School  KITH Partners with Branded Arts for Maya Angelou High School  KITH Partners with Branded Arts for Maya Angelou High School Sneaker Mecca Kith just partnered up with Branded Arts, a platform raising awareness and contributing to under-funded school art programs. This union sees the support of Maya Angelou High School in South Central Los Angeles.  For the collaboration Kith redesign the schools logo, in which a phoenix appears as a reference to Dr Angelou’s poetic work as well as the detail of “MAYA” spelled out on the mythological birds wings. This will be visible on the schools basketball court and other locations.  With this logo comes a capsule collection of t-shirts and hoodies which features a portrait of Dr Angelou on the front and several quotes from her on the back. The pledge being that Kith will donate 1500 of these shirts to the school to each and every single student.  The items are now on sale at Kith stores and online with 100% of proceeds from the launch donated to the school. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    #GucciGig  Yves Tumor (with Jordan Hemingway)  #GucciGig  Connie Constance (with Sophie Jones and Morgan Benjamin)  #GucciGig Amyl and the Sniffers (with Jamie Wdziekonski)  #GucciGig Curtis Harding (with Matt Correia and John Zabawa)  #GucciGig Jehnny Beth (with Johnny Hostile)  #GucciGig Kikagaku Moyo (with Alessio Vitelli)  #GucciGig Merry Lamb Lamb (with Somewhere Nowhere Studio)  #GucciGig Populous (with Odd Arts) For #GucciGig, a series of musical performances and artist collaborations showing #GucciEyewear, @jordan_hemingway created images and videos featuring @yvestumor. Daubed in paint, Yves wears Gucci aviators, cast in sharp gray-yellow light. The results are like glitch filled transmissions over airwaves, reflecting the quick transitions of Yves's music, a mixture of ambient electronica and soul vocals. - @kchayka Every musician from #GucciGig has created a playlist on #Gucci's new Spotify profile, discover Yves Tumor's 'Music for Disassociating' playlist through link in bio. @alessandro_michele 'Economy of Freedom' by Yves Tumor and Croatian Amor. Courtesy of Warp Records and Warp Publishing Styling by: @billylobos Makeup by: @kennykctv Taking on the spirit of the backstage world territory of festivals, clubbing, and gigs, Gucci and Creative Director Alessandro Michele have tapped artists and musicians to produce original works for their digital channel. Altogether 12 musicians were paired with multidisciplinary creatives in the worlds of photography, illustration, video, and graphic design to create the new project. The collaboration yields results that are as distinct as their creators, yet still carrying a through line of the Rock n Roll rebel spirit as well as the lush colors that have come to be definitive of Gucci’s identity.  The grouping of artists are listed below: Alex Cameron (in collaboration with Jemima Kirke and Jack Ladder);  Yves Tumor (with Jordan Hemingway);  Curtis Harding (with Matt Correia and John Zabawa);  Amyl and the Sniffers (with Jamie Wdziekonski) Cole Alexander of Black Lips and Crush (with Ariana Papademetropoulos); Lou Doillon; Jehnny Beth (with Johnny Hostile); Kikagaku Moyo (with Alessio Vitelli);  Weyes Blood (with Taylor Giali); Populous (with Odd Arts),  Connie Constance (with Sophie Jones and Morgan Benjamin);  Merry Lamb Lamb (with Somewhere Nowhere Studio). Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Adrian Paul Hewett, Alexandra Hewett, Alice Evans, Matthew Drushel Photo credit to ZACK WHITFORD/BFA.COM   Olivier Widmaier Picasso Photo credit to ZACK WHITFORD/BFA.COM   Leia Sergakis, Ser'Darius Blain   Photo credit to ZACK WHITFORD/BFA.COM    Diann Valentine, Olivier Widmaier Picasso   Photo courtesy of the artist  This week, Flaunt had the honor of meeting with Olivier Widmaier Picasso, Grandson of the Father of Modernism, and also the famous painter, Pablo Picasso. In the beautiful Beverly Wilshire, we shared laughs, and got deep about what growing up in the Picasso family was like, but especially what it was like growing up in the wake of Picasso’s death.  “I realized there were rumors and stories and I knew I needed to go deeper. I realized I had a specific position into the family apart from all the historians, I had a natural relationship with my grandfather and I wanted to discuss these things from the inside. I did not want to be surprising, but refined”. Olivier introduced us to why and how he began his journey in Writing Picasso, An Intimate Portrait. As someone who lived during two World Wars as well as a Civil War, Picasso was a disputer and it shows in his art as well as his life. Everyone who was connected to him was inspired and influenced. Olivier expressed to us that growing up, he never met his grandfather but grew up looking at his art; it made him very tolerant and open minded. He described to us, the ways in which the women muses for Picasso had been affected psychologically and how he watched them grow old with the mentality of young women. The novel does not mean to reveal truth in a scandalizing way, but in an unbiased and natural way; organic like the lives of these young Parisians during all this art and love.  “Being in the shadow of Picasso could have killed ambition, but I always wanted to be part of society, to understand how the other people do, to find my place in society. Of course I had help, but I did it with success and flops”. Olivier eloquently and modestly described to us his upbringing, and his path into law. As the family worked to divide the artwork and fortune post Picasso’s death, it was his responsibility to help authenticate and certificate the works of his grandfather.  This duty gave the Picasso family confidence in Olivier’s words and novels which all highlight facts, and truths, rather than sensationalizing and gossip. “I think that as descendants of Pablo Picasso we have many rights and advantages but also responsibility’s”  Olivier’s closing remarks left us at Flaunt very inspired. “America has been very important in the development of his [Picasso’s] career. This little guy from a fisherman village if Málaga, Pablo Picasso even has a little space. It gives some poetry and emotion to something which is important to people". We also believe that art needs a space, and every artist has a niche and specialty.  Picasso, an Intimate Portrait was celebrated further at Berluti, Beverly Hills, on Thursday see the photos above.     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Virtual Super Land opening party at Fred Segal  Virtual Super Land opening party at Fred Segal  Virtual Super Land opening party at Fred Segal  Virtual Super Land opening party at Fred Segal  Virtual Super Land opening party at Fred Segal  Virtual Super Land opening party at Fred Segal  Virtual Super Land opening party at Fred Segal  Virtual Super Land opening party at Fred Segal  Virtual Super Land opening party at Fred Segal  Virtual Super Land opening party at Fred Segal  Virtual Super Land opening party at Fred Segal  Virtual Super Land opening party at Fred Segal  Virtual Super Land opening party at Fred Segal  Virtual Super Land opening party at Fred Segal  Virtual Super Land opening party at Fred Segal  Virtual Super Land opening party at Fred Segal  Virtual Super Land opening party at Fred Segal  Virtual Super Land opening party at Fred Segal  Virtual Super Land opening party at Fred Segal  Virtual Super Land opening party at Fred Segal  Virtual Super Land opening party at Fred Segal  Virtual Super Land opening party at Fred Segal  Virtual Super Land opening party at Fred Segal  Virtual Super Land opening party at Fred Segal  Virtual Super Land opening party at Fred Segal  Virtual Super Land opening party at Fred Segal  Virtual Super Land opening party at Fred Segal  Virtual Super Land opening party at Fred Segal The merging of technology and fashion brings forth academic thoughts of robotic dresses and gravity defying 3D printing. Though the dreamy nature of all this has us all locked in a battle against the mind thinking of this union as impractical. The reality is technology is already a wearable experience, a quandary that’s already at our finger tips. In comes Virtual Super Land (VSL) to drop all that tech in street wear that really looks good. Debuting their label Orsolya Szabo and Natasha Smith merged their respective backgrounds in fashion and creative direction with DIY motion and graphic design, creating a savvy and accessible take on tech wear. At the base of the label is a creative spirit that is built of a sisterhood of garnering a full-fledged voice to push female representation in the worlds of tech and streetwear.Along with their own collection the women also collaborated and curated a group of items including a signature nail color from Orly, Mai Mia swimwear, a custom Casetify iPhone case and select Coco and Breezy eyewear. Ahead of their curated pop-up at Fred Segal I spoke with the innovators on their work, community and the glories of green. What is your background before, how did you got into this project? Orsolya - I used to be a fashion editor at the Evening Standard in London and Natasha is a motion graphics designer. And when I left I was a little disheartened by fashion. I just really wanted to get into more digital stuff. So I started a video series and met Natasha and we both have this need to learn how to make stuff. “How do you make graphics hwo do you make things digital.” Natasha - We knew what we wanted to see so we were like “we are just going to teach ourselves how to make it.” Orsolya - On the basic level how do you make cool text or how do you make things move and we just started teaching ourselves, starting with adobe premiere. That’s how we found the green screen. Like “what is this it’s the coolest thing I’ve ever seen!” Natasha - It’s so effective as well and then I got into After Effects and went down my motion graphics path which is quite integral to the branding as well.  I think it’s an important fact that it is showcasing that it is a women led digital project there is such low representation in tech for women  Orsolya - We feel very strongly about the fact that there’s not enough women in this sphere of tech and digital art and in motion graphics. There’s barely any that really dominate in an overall way as well as in streetwear. Our stuff is very casual and easy to wear easy to throw on like the boys do.  Are the prints on the garments from After Effects?  Natasha - This is a print made on aftereffects that we wanted to merge with natural things. So we have crystals and opals that we mixed with something very digital.   Orsolya - We design it together and Natasha figures out how to make it via after affects and  Cinema 4D.  Have you guys launched it in the UK? Orsolya - No, we started it here I just moved here Natasha lives half way between here.  Natasha - We want it to have an element of fun we don’t want it to be so serious! Along with your collection you have curated a grouping of brands who are your collaborators? Orsolya - We also collaborated with other female owned brands Mai Mia, she’s a swimwear designer friend from LA we got her to do her signature design in this bright green color which looks amazing.  And does this color get triggered by the app? Orsolya - The app is very sensitive to all tones of green. we wanted to make sure that it worked in any case. basically want to take over the world and make it green. we made a custom green Orly labs.  Natasha  - I am part of a community called Digi_gal. we are all 3-D motion designers and graphic designers I have this little wet and help each other out with tips and really support each other.  How did you get involved with Digi_gal? Natasha - A woman called catty Taylor heads it she found me on Instagram and we got to talking.   Orsolya - Natasha and I have been working on this for 2 years. we literally have been going to horrible coffee shops with this idea we also have an IG TV series every Monday every weekwe feature a different girl from this Digi_gal group different female motion designers.  Do you feel like the spirit is based in LA or in UK or internationally? Orsolya- I don’t want to sound corny but I feel like it’s like it’s not a location-based spirit it’s online and the freedom.  How did you guys get involved with Fred Segal? Orsolya - A couple of people I knew worked at Brown’s in London and my friend Ash from Fred Segal. She told me if you ever get to a point where the project could be something to speak to Ash and we had an event at Spring Place my boyfriend had a music video and he wore a green T-shirt and we put all our graphics on it. this was maybe a month and a half ago and it’s all snowballed after our launch we had merch and stuff to sell where would the dream be and that was the moment we thought of making the Fred Segal connection. Luckily Ash from Fred Segal got that we were 2 women in tech and fashion and really loved the idea of empowering us.  Photos courtesy Virtual Super Land   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Marni Gaming Market  Marni Gaming Market  Marni Gaming Market  Marni Gaming Market  Marni Gaming Market  Marni Gaming Market  Marni Gaming Market  Marni Gaming Market  Marni Gaming Market  Marni Gaming Market  Marni Gaming Market  Marni Gaming Market  Marni Gaming Market  Marni Gaming Market  Marni Gaming Market  Marni Gaming Market  Marni Gaming Market  Marni Gaming Market  Marni Gaming Market  Marni Gaming Market  Marni Gaming Market  Marni Gaming Market  Marni Gaming Market  Marni Gaming Market Marni just launched Marni Gaming Market with the aim of the release is to present a limited run of design objects that fit in the unpredictable world of Marni Market. Of these glorious new treats included are and array of colorful bags that include the hand-woven basket bags, retro wool Crochet Bags, Hemp Bags in bright new shades and the new Hammock Bags, which resemble small hammocks.  Design objects include a range of large pieces made of metal and colorful PVC. This grouping includes furniture items like a flower-shaped coffee table, chairs and magazine racks. The range is created in collaboration with artisans who long worked with the Italian brand.  The essence of this project is inspired by  classic 80’s video games and are also reflected in the products seen in the market place. Check out the photos above for a selection of the new items.  Photos courtesy of Marni   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   LA based indie denim brand Knorts recently launched their new rental program, making for an easy way to check out the collection without the usual retail stress. The brands mission with this new endeavor is to allow for an economically accessible experience for costumers while maintaining eco friendly approach to the mass market dilemma. This in turn allows for an open ended users experience.  To celebrate the launch Knorts founder Eleanore Guthrie tapped her community of creatives including Cory Nixon, Taylor Ghrist, Lisa TV, Talvi Faustmann and Dinah Rankin to help promote the rental program. The video continues to build on Nixon’s comedic take on awkward and nostalgic commercials of the 90s. Photo by Courtney Barry       Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Kyiv-based couple, Ksenia and Anton Schnaider are the masterminds of award-winning contemporary denim brand, KSENIASCHNAIDER. Combining passions of graphic and garment design, sustainability, and the city of Kyiv, the innovative brand seeks modern techniques to propel the industry towards change. While ethical fashion gradually evolves within the industry, Anton and Ksenia offer continuous ethical fashion without a style sacrifice. We spoke with Ksenia to discuss the brand’s inception and creative process, upcycling practices, and the future of KSENIASCHNAIDER. Tells us about the inception of KSENIASCHNAIDER. Before 2010 when I met my future husband Anton, I was already working in fashion with my own Kyiv-based streetwear brand. In the meantime, Anton had been working as a graphic designer in Moscow for a variety of clients, including Artemy Lebedev Studio and Yandex. After we met, we didn’t aim to create the brand at once. I continued to create clothing, only this time the ideas were both mine and Anton’s. The items I made at that time were for myself and my friends mostly, but eventually, we received incredible feedback and there was a demand for our clothing.  That inspired us to start the KSENIASCHNAIDER brand in 2011. Since then it’s felt natural to continue to bring our ideas through clothing for more and more people. KSENIASCHNAIDER SS ‘19 What inspires your creative process from concept to creation?  We can’t ignore everyday reality, which we are living and working in. Both of us always find the beauty in imperfections; transform kitsch into utility, find inspiration in the ridiculous architecture of our beloved city Kyiv, nasty advertisements and so on. I’m sure that if we were living in Rome or Tokyo, our collections would be completely different. But we are here in Kyiv, and sometimes we may be mad at this city for its visual overdose, but we always find inspiration here and then unconsciously use it in our collections. We are also inspired by people a lot. At every stage of our creative process –– from idea to concept to creation –– its the human interactions that always drive our creativeness further. How has sustainability rooted itself in your brand DNA? We live in a part of the world that is rarely viewed as environmentally friendly, and with realization that fashion has one of the most negative impacts on environment, it felt natural to become committed to sustainability. Around three years ago it became a significant part of our brand’s DNA.  For 2019, we are continuing to upcycle and experiment with vintage denim and textile leftovers from previous brand collections. We continuously discover the use of new materials like ISKO Earth Fit™ responsible fabrics made with organic cotton, pre- and post-consumer recycled cotton and recycled polyester from plastic bottles. We used this while creating the first KSENIASCHNAIDER eco-denim capsule made in collaboration with the global leader in denim production and textile innovation, ISKO. As a designer, it’s important for me to create clothing not only with organic and vintage materials but also to make them cutting-edge. After all, people, especially the post-Soviet generation, are not buying something just because it’s good for the planet. They want to have something that they believe is cool and what makes them look good. By designing and producing truly original and signature clothing, I’m sharing the idea of sustainability with our customers and make this idea valuable to them also. KSENIASCHNAIDER FW ‘18 Explain the experimentation process of upcycling with denim and knitwear.  Our denim upcycling process begins with the purchase of the second-hand denim jeans, which are then thoroughly washed and dried. When choosing our denim, we pick only heavy 100% cotton denim. The treated jeans are cut by hand in a laborious process, sometimes at a rate of just eight pairs of jeans a day. Some portions of original needlework are preserved, combining with new stitching when creating the final pieces. Once deconstructed and cut to the desired shape the ends of the material is carefully shredded to achieve the line’s signature frayed appearance. The final stage involves changing zippers and pegs to new silver ones and lastly stitching on the KSENIASCHNAIDER label to complete the work. By taking apart three pairs of vintage jeans and redesigning them, we create one pair of Demi-Denims, and five pairs go into the making of one reworked denim coat.  When Anton mentioned the pile of denim pieces left unwanted after cutting vintage denim and made a joke that this pile looks like a fur coat, our team turned that joke into a real denim “fur” coat. It took time to find the right technology to create it; every single coat is made by hand only, and it takes five days to create one, KSENIASCHNAIDER proudly presented powder blue and dark blue denim “fur” coats in the previous collection and a black “fur” coat in Resort ’19. KSENIASCHNAIDER SS ‘19 As to upcycling experiments with knitwear, when largest Ukrainian textile manufactory Rito approached us last year and offered to share their knitted leftovers with us, it inspired me to create also sweaters and dresses with woven pieces of different colors and structures for KSENIASCHNAIDER FW ‘19-20 collection. How do you remain sustainable in aspects of washing and dyeing processes? We turned our Kyiv-based studio into a laboratory for washing, reworking, designing and creating new denim clothing in one place to minimize waste, water, and energy footprints. As for dyeing processes, since we use vintage denim that comes in various colors, we don’t dye it over but use the advantages of different denim shades (like the Rainbow Denim pants). KSENIASCHNAIDER SS ‘19 What role does functionality take in your designs?  Functionality is the core of all our designs. We believe that our brand’s uniqueness is in creating functional, kind of effortlessly cool clothing that is wearable and easy for understanding but still with hidden gems. When creating any denim item, I think if I would wear it myself, and I honestly wear KSENIASCHNAIDER denim every day.  Which garment has played an instrumental part in your brand’s success? After years of experiments in 2016, we invented the brand’s signature piece — Demi-Denims –– an unusual skirt, shorts & jeans combo that was one of 2018’s most viral trends with the stamp of approval from Dazed, Vogue, Highsnobiety, Refinery29, etc. Among the influencers spotted wearing them were Bella Hadid, Camila Cabello, and Eleonora Carisi.  KSENIASCHNAIDER FW ‘18 Thankfully to the worldwide Demi-Denims success, our team decided to develop our emerging denim collection further and to focus on creating more sustainable denim items. What can we expect next from KSENIASCHNAIDER?  We just recently launched the first-ever KSENIASCHNAIDER menswear line. Since KSENIASCHNAIDER brand’s launch, Anton and I have been working together so it felt natural to develop both womenswear and menswear. Previously, we were not ready to create a separate men’s line because it’s a different market. However, every collection featured a reworked sportswear capsule, and unisex items, like the signature Demi-Denims. We started with ongoing Resort and SS ‘19 season, and are planning to develop KSENIASCHNAIDER menswear line further, as well as to add more accessories (for instance, this year we made Demi-Denim key-rings, and they were a huge success!). Overall, we hope to expand the presence of KSENIASCHNAIDER globally. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Dior 30 Montaigne  Dior 30 Montaigne  Dior 30 Montaigne  Dior 30 Montaigne  Dior 30 Montaigne  Dior 30 Montaigne 30 Avenue Montaigne is the romantic location of Christian Dior’s atelier and where the designer first presented his work. Ingrained in the brands history as is the year 1947, the storied house has long cherished these numbers. As of late Maria Grazia Chiuri has taken on the romantic poetry that has extended in her vision for Dior’s ready to wear and Haute Couture. As a woman who has captivated the modern day Dior client and one who shares the name sakes philosophical understanding in design and beyond, today in tribute to Monsieur Dior, Grazia Chiuri releases her new line 30 Montaigne. Composed of a series of pieces that make up the ideal wardrobe, consisting of iconic Dior looks. From New Look Bar jackets to the impeccable pleated skirt, the collection is rounded out by the iconic Book Tote. Though the newest it bag of this selection is the 30 Montaigne bag, which balances the recent design history with the craftsmanship and thoughtfulness of the brand’s identity. Speaking on the new collection name and line Maria Grazia Chiuri states,  “The connection we develop to a place can be extremely powerful. I felt it right away when I stepped inside 30 Avenue Montaigne, the House’s historic birthplace. I thought about creating a new line that would reflect the identity of the House and, at the same time, offer women the opportunity to create a  “My Dior” allure in harmony with their lifestyle.” This capsule will be available at boutiques and online here Photos and Video courtesy of Dior Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Dior Backstage Party In the Presence of Peter Philips & Bella Hadid  Dior Backstage Party In the Presence of Peter Philips & Bella Hadid  Dior Backstage Party In the Presence of Peter Philips & Bella Hadid  Dior Backstage Party In the Presence of Peter Philips & Bella Hadid  Dior Backstage Party In the Presence of Peter Philips & Bella Hadid  Dior Backstage Party In the Presence of Peter Philips & Bella Hadid  Dior Backstage Party In the Presence of Peter Philips & Bella Hadid  Dior Backstage Party In the Presence of Peter Philips & Bella Hadid  Dior Backstage Party In the Presence of Peter Philips & Bella Hadid  Dior Backstage Party In the Presence of Peter Philips & Bella Hadid  Dior Backstage Party In the Presence of Peter Philips & Bella Hadid  Dior Backstage Party In the Presence of Peter Philips & Bella Hadid  Dior Backstage Party In the Presence of Peter Philips & Bella Hadid Dior Beauty opened their first pop-up boutique in Beverly Hills. Taking place between May 9-19 the pop-up will showcase Dior’s Backstage Collection. Along with the 10 day popup the space will host a series of events with beauty guru Desi Perkins (May 9th, 4:30PM-5:30PM and 6:00PM-7:00PM) and Dior Celebrity Makeup Artist, Daniel Martin (May 10th, 6:00PM-8:00PM) sign up details are here at diorbackstagela.com. Inside the pop-up there is also a VR backstage experience with the coolest VR masks you'll ever see.  To celebrate, Delilah played host to Dior Backstage Party In the Presence of Peter Philips & Bella Hadid. Faves that were on hand included Amanda Steele, Myles O'Neal, Mackenzie Foy, Jamie King, Sabrina Carpenter, Snoh Alegra Maddie Ziegler, Kiko Mizuhara, and Ryo Ryusei. 313 North Rodeo Drive Beverly Hills, CA 90210  *pop-up will remain open to the public until May 19th Photos  by Billy Farrell/BFA for Christian Dior Parfums Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Louis Vuitton Cruise 2020  Louis Vuitton Cruise 2020  Louis Vuitton Cruise 2020  Louis Vuitton Cruise 2020  Louis Vuitton Cruise 2020  Louis Vuitton Cruise 2020  Louis Vuitton Cruise 2020  Louis Vuitton Cruise 2020  Louis Vuitton Cruise 2020  Louis Vuitton Cruise 2020  Louis Vuitton Cruise 2020  Louis Vuitton Cruise 2020  Once a symbol of the allure and the possibility of air travel and closed for operations since 2001, and now to be opened as a hotel later this month, the renovated TWA Flight Center created by Eero Saarinen in 1962 at New York’s JFK Airport, provided the apt setting for the artistic director Nicolas Ghesquière to present the Louis Vuitton mid-season resort show, a collection of architectural and streamlined clothes that referenced different fashion periods, much in line with the soaring wing shape thin shell roof over the terminal building’s Futurist design, and combined the symbols of New York and the trappings of a strong New York woman with the French house traditional savoir faire craftsmanship.   The American tradition of sportswear and athletic fashion merged with the couture sensibility and knowledge of craftsmanship of the French. Where many of the looks had that feel of the layering of buildings on other buildings reflected in the New York skyline composed of shining glass towers emerging behind older red brick townhouses. The fashion ethos of both worlds combined in collaged and patchworked lifted from different inspired sources to assemble each garment with the utmost care with the most expensive fabrics, lace, leather, silk jacquards and silk satins. The principal shape in the collection espoused the broad shoulder and cropped silhouettes prominent in the 1980’s with the intermittent feel of the 1930’s. The silver metallic embroideries and jacquard fabrics especially in the evening ensembles where sleeveless dress embroidered with motifs of the Chrysler and Empire State Buildings were constructed with white satin trims cutting across the body and perhaps a nod to the mid 90’s the high shorts and leather chunky boots of that prosperous era.  Black-grey-yellow cropped racing leather jacket-capes with embroidered beige lace trims paired with black satin pants. An orange satin cropped baseball jacket with embroidered Manhattan skyline and sporty white and orange satin skirt; A combination of white leather racer and ice blue silk satin single-breasted men’s jacket with chest overlay of embroidered lace and black wool skirt; or white brocade corset and blue satin shorts.  Pagoda shoulders, a bit softer and less exaggerated than in the past several seasons, are still prominent with those cropped bikers blousons, cropped striped knit sweaters and a white brocade bomber jacket.  A crew neck open shoulder tiered sleeve dress is made with the classic black and white Wall Street pinstripe wool suiting fabric or just a well tailored banker’s suit – an ode to New York as the world’s financial capital.  On the bus from the TWA Flight Center to MOMA’s PS1 where the dinner party was held post-show, I sat next to a mother and daughter team who are LV clients invited to the show and to the pre-order re-see taking place over the next few days.  The mother wore a blue metallic top with protruding shoulder paired with matching pants and white leather boots. I mentioned to her that her zippered blouson outfit was a version of look 46 shown in Paris in early October 2018.  Elated she asked me what I thought she should look for at her re-see of the collection at the LV American headquarter on 57thstreet the next day.  Several must haves for starters that should include the gold jacquard v-neck long sleeve short dress, the broad shoulder double breasted light grey and pale blue leather coat and black leather skirt, the red and black striped knit dress, and for sure the light green satin blouson. I reminded her that for a collector like herself, it is imperative to have the black-grey-yellow crop leather and beige lace jacket with black satin pants with beige ‘knee pads’ insert. She was thankful for the advice.  Photos courtesy of Louis Vuitton Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   LOUIS VUITTON suit and shirt. Hair: Jenna Robinson Makeup: Kerrie Plant-Price   LOUIS VUITTON suit and shirt. Still pictures don’ t do justice to Jon Batiste. He’s a man in constant motion, especially when music’s on, though one gets the sense that music is always playing in his head. He steps in time and turns to the rhythm, occasionally singing the notes of a particularly sweet lick, commenting on what’s playing (“Ooh, Miles! That’s the sound Miles gets after ‘Trane plays—he adds a few more notes”) or just enthusiastically hooting in approval. His energy is infectious: even the tone-deaf among us find ourselves grooving and singing along. “I must have forgotten to take my vitamins,” someone says, “because this guy is wearing me out. You didn’t even have coffee this morning, did you?” Batiste shakes his head and points to the stereo. Music’s all he needs. Batiste’s artistic output is also in constant motion, as varied as it is prolific. Aside from his nightly duties as the bandleader and musical director of The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, he is also the musical director of The Atlantic and the creative director of the National Jazz Museum in Harlem. Recently, he hosted an edition of NPR’s “Live from Here,” and last year, he released a solo album, Hollywood Africans, plus he’s currently writing a musical based on the life and work of Jean-Michel Basquiat. On top of all that, he regularly performs at a wide range of venues, from the classic, intimate Village Vanguard to the enormous, brand-new Shed at Hudson Yards, where he led a marching band in the inaugural show as part of the “Soundtrack of America” series on April 5. A few days before the show at the Shed, his excitement is palpable. “The music is going to celebrate the Harlem Hellfighters,” he explains, referring to the African American infantry unit that spent more time than any other in the frontline trenches of World War I. They suffered more casualties than any other unit, too. To keep morale up, the Hellfighters relied on their marching band, which went on to become one of the most famous military bands in Europe, introducing an unfamiliar American style of music—jazz—to Britain and France. “That’s really important to me,” Batiste says, “to commemorate 100 years after they’ve come back from the war. I feel tied to that lineage—all black music, all American music, all music across the world.   DIOR MEN suit. When Batiste says, “all music,” he means all music. When his cover of Tupac’s “Changes” comes on, he mentions that he has a rap album that’s “about 60 percent” complete. Mention is made of an in-progress reggae record as well, along with two symphonies, one of which is finished and likely to premiere this year. But for all his branching-out, Batiste’s roots are firmly in jazz. While talking about why he admires Quincy Jones, who recruited him for the Soundtrack of America, he could as easily be talking about himself: “He’s somebody who came from jazz and used jazz to inform everything that he did. From film scoring to writing symphonic work to composing for television to doing pop records to doing R&B records to doing hip-hop records, he shows the power of understanding your craft.” Then a photographer puts up a yellow backdrop, and Batiste announces that he needs to put on a “yellow song.” He chooses “Rio” by Duran Duran.  This expansive mindset is part of what draws Batiste to Basquiat, whose estate asked him to write a musical based on the artist’s life. “It’s influenced by the art,” he says of the workin-progress, “which is such a synthesis of disparate influences. You think about Basquiat, and he’d have the TV on, the newspaper open, magazines, radio playing, people coming in and out, hearing conversations, putting all these different things in the thing he was working on at the moment. It’s almost like there’s a cryptic message in every piece, and so many layers of   paint, paintings behind paintings. That’s the approach with the music. When people hear it it’s going knock them back in their seats.” He continues, saying Basquiat is “an inspiration and a cautionary tale. He was known for saying, ‘All young kings get their heads cut off.’ Which is… kind of true. You see where he’s coming from. He’s an inspiration in the sense that he was able to endure so much without really having a strong support system, yet was still able to create transcendent art and represent the culture and the lineage in such an original way. But you have to be able to preserve yourself. And I relate to that in the sense of constant demands on your time and your vanities, mining you. You have to really understand how to find the humanity in that.”  DIOR MEN suit. Hollywood Africans is the title of a Basquiat painting as well as Batiste’s latest album, his first solo effort. The music is simple, pared-down, almost uncharacteristically so for Batiste, who is known for his “love riots,” where he and his band, Stay Human, play raucous impromptu shows in the streets. But the style of Hollywood Africans, Batiste says, is “A way to get back to basics, something I think is of value, and that is missing in this time. We don’t have a lot of just raw, real expression.” Of the recording process: “It was quick. Very much a stream-ofconsciousness. We did two and a half sessions in New Orleans in the middle of a church that was pitch-black, just me and the piano and the microphone. And then we came back to New York and did two more sessions. The record was 80 percent there after the New Orleans sessions, but I felt like times changed and that the world needed some music like that.”  The album was produced by T Bone Burnett, who Batiste met after performing at Bono’s birthday party. When asked what song he played, he pauses to think. “’Kindergarten,’” he says, “from the Live in New York: At the Rubin Museum of Art record. It was my first record that I made after moving to New York. That record is interesting because you can hear the shift in my playing. My first record I made as a citizen of the great city of New Orleans, and then I came up here and listened to [Thelonious] Monk for nine months straight, exclusively. I discovered Monk’s music again at a jam session on the Upper West Side, and I kind of synthesized his sound.” What attracted him to Monk’s sound? “Rhythm and equilibrium. There’s a sense of rhyme. There’s a balance—it’s like an obtuse call-andresponse. You hear one thing that he states, it’s like a call, and then the response is unexpected in the rhythmic balance and the tension. The rhythmic tension he creates is off-kilter, so there’s a tension throughout the whole call-and-response, and it doesn’t resolve in the way that you expect it to.”  The call-and-response form, where two distinct musical phrases are heard as comments on each other, is an important element of African American musical traditions, and something Batiste clearly delights in. In the middle of a Miles Davis track, he gleefully exclaims, “That violin/piano call-andresponse!” (“He’s like this all the time,” someone tells me.) It’s no surprise—Batiste is deeply affected by tradition. But that doesn’t mean he’s stuck in the past. “It’s like what [Charles] Mingus said,” he explains, “an artist is always changing all the time, or else you wouldn’t be an artist.” Batiste comes from a prominent family of Louisiana musicians, but he’s also classically trained. He first arrived in New York as a teenager to study at the Juilliard School, which he says was great, but “It wasn’t really somewhere that taught you how to do anything other than play. Or teach you the history. It doesn’t teach you the future. The future is the thing that you’ve got to figure out, if you want to be a part of it.”   Photographed by: Johnson Lui.    Flaunt Film Directed by: Xixikiwii Styled by: Noah Diaz.    Hair: Jenna Robinson using Living Proof, Dyson, and 18.21.    Makeup: Kerrie Plant-Price using  Dr. Dennis Gross, Jack Black, Aleph Beauty, and Jo Malone.   The Cause & Effect Issue: Ditto! Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    “Aliens of Manila” at the Nomad Photographed by Adrian Martin  “Aliens of Manila” at the Nomad Photographed by Adrian Martin  “Aliens of Manila” at the Nomad Photographed by Adrian Martin  “Aliens of Manila” at the Nomad Photographed by Adrian Martin  “Aliens of Manila” at the Nomad Photographed by Adrian Martin  “Aliens of Manila” at the Nomad Photographed by Adrian Martin  “Aliens of Manila” at the Nomad Photographed by Adrian Martin Art and retail one stop concept shop Please Do Not Enter just presented their latest collaborative installation. Working with Filipino-American Curator Michelle Aquino, owners Nicolas Libert and Emmanuel Renoird produced the PULO Project to build awareness of the Filipino Art, design and fashion community. The project brings forth these works placing the southeast Asian island on the LA and global trajectory showcasing the artisan crafted products and conceptually driven art pieces. Split into 3 parts, the first premiered yesterday in the flagship store as well as The Lab space at the Nomad. Each store was designed to showcase 2 varying moods from vibrant, neon, and synthetic to rustic, structured, and organic. At the opening, a performance titled “Aliens of Manila” presented the sculptural nature of Leeroy New’s colorful costumes as they moved through an abstract performance choreographed by Heidi Duckler Dance at the rooftop of the Nomad hotel.  Below are a featured selection of the artists that are part of this first drop. Kenneth Cobonpue who just launched a collaboration with Disney Star Wars, utilized his wrapping technique on the dragnet chair. The light installation by Luisa Robinson in collaboration with Kenneth Cobonpue uses the traditional Filipino steaming techniques to form the lamps in an organic shell shape. Leeroy New who will be having a show at Palais De Tokyo in June, presented his dreamy and detailed vision creating sculptural pieces out of found items and plastic. ZACARIAS 1925 features wonderful wicker creations that are a modernist takes on tradition basket weaving techniques. The results are informed by contemporary architecture while still being malleable. Ken Samudio jewelry and clutches are made of recycled plastics and mimic color palettes and textures found in nature as communicated by the designers background as a biologist. Susanne Verallo jewelry showcases minimal and deco design that is created out of repurposed shell offcuts and overruns salvaged from shell-craft companies where the items are sourced. The show’s curator Michelle Aquino also created a capsule collection using a print from the inspiration trip to Bohol, Philippines sublimated onto Crepe de Chine. Photos by Greyson Tarantino and Adrian Martin courtesy of Please Do Not Enter     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Jean Paul Gaultier – Spring-Summer 1998 Haute Couture men’s corset dress, pants, shirt, tie  Louis Vuitton, Drink It bag, Fall-Winter 2018-2019.    Monsieur le Chevalier de Lorraine, 1702, Engraving.    Jean Paul Gautier, Spring Summer 1997, silk jersey mariniere and sequin pants.  Cristóbal Balenciaga, silk vevet and silk taffeta dress, 1951. Thierry Mugler, Venus dress, Fall-Winter 1995-1996 Haute Couture.   Ashish, sequins embroidered sweater and pants, Fall-Winter 2017-2018. Ashish, cotton weave top and shorts, Fall-Winter 2017-2018.   Walter Van Beirendonck, spandex print jumpsuit, Spring-Summer 2009. Vivienne Westwood, spandex mesh jumpsuit with lace, Fall-Winter .1989-1990.  Thom Browne, wedding ensemble, Men Spring-Summer 2018.    Jeremy Scott, leather and fringe top and shorts, Men Spring-Summer 2012. Jean Paul Gaultier, neoprene top and pants, Men Spring-Summer 1996.  Maison Martin Margiela, synthetic twill, Artisanal Fall-Winter 2007-2008. Maison Martin Margiela, mirrored acrylic and metal hardware, Artisanal Spring-Summer 2008.  Gucci, silk fur trim cape, Resort 2018.  Gucci, Jacket and pant silk jacquard, Resort 2018.  Gucci, chenille and leather Dapper Dan, 2018.    Undercover, synthetic satin, Spring-Summer 2018.  Undercover, synthetic satin, Sprint-Summer 2018.  Walter Van Beirendonck, cotton jacket and pants, Fall-Winter 2001-2002.  Michael Travis, gabardine crystals, bugle beads and pearls ensemble, 1982 for Liberace.  Dior, suede and metal twill, Haute Couture Fall-Winter 1998-1999. Dior, suede and metal braide piping, Haute Couture Fall-Winter 1998-1999.  John Galliano, printed brown paper, clear tape and plastic bags, Spring-Summer 2001.  Celine, fur pump, Spring-Summer 2013.  Vivienne Westwood, queen ensemble, Fall-Winter 1987-1988.  John Galliano, coat, 1984.   Instead of a word, a phrase or a one liner that was normally deployed to describe her collections, Rei Kawakubo chose a lengthy email as a form and means of a one in a lifetime explanation that anchored the spirit of her fall-winter 2018 show in the philosophical thoughts stemming from Susan Sontag’s 1964 essay ‘Notes on Camp’. “Susan Sontag wrote about a creative movement and sensibility, Camp.  I can really relate to this vision. Camp is not something horribly exaggerated, out of the ordinary, or in bad taste.  This collection came out of the feeling that, on the contrary, camp is really and truly something deep and new, and represents a value that we need.  For example, there are so many so-called styles such as punk that have lost their original rebel spirit today. I think camp can express something deeper, and give birth to progress.”  The collection Kawakubo showed certainly had all the exuberance shapes and excesses of materials all woven together with superlative clothe making techniques spanning different ages and traditions – all of that fitted perfectly with Sontag dictum that ‘camp taste is, above all, a mode of enjoyment, of appreciation – not judgement.” Fast forward about fifteen months to present day on a warm first Monday in May inside the Carroll and Milton Petrie European Sculpture Court, Gucci’s creative director Alessandro Michele spoke about the relevance of camp in today’s culture and chose a quote from Sontag - “Camp is the answer to the problem: how to be a dandy in the age of mass culture” – that defined not just the overall concept of the exhibition but the thrust of his work in rejuvenating the Gucci brand since 2015.  Irony, humor, parody, aestheticism, extravagance, excess, pastiche, duplicity, artificiality, theatricality, exaggeration, and naïveté – each either on their own or in mixed combinations – are the formal characteristics defining camp.  In other words, camp is a conduit for the development of modern fashion, a highway of sorts that allowed marginal ideas to mushroom and for those creators to gain acceptance and change society.     The exhibition is divided into two different areas, one is an ante-chamber that dwelled on the etymology of the word camp through objects, paintings, clothes and accessories since the 17thcentury and the second explored to multi-dimension of camp’s expressive heritage in modern fashion. The French writer Molière first used the word ‘camp’ – se camper- in his 1671 three-act comedy Les Fourberies de Scapinwhere the famous playwright described how to pose correctly like a king – “Camp about on one leg. Put your hand on the hips. Wear a furious look.  Strut about like a drama king.”  A first edition copy of the book along with a small statuette rendition of Scapin was displayed inside a glass box along side some of the 17thcentury’s portraits of Louis XIV whose Versailles court was the Eden of camp where the theatricality of appearances was played out daily among the courtiers. Literature, visual arts and fashion all conjured to fathom the reality that became the spine to the camp aesthetics.   A bronze statue of Antinous, the Emperor Hadrian’s lover and referenced in Wilde’s The Young King, in a sinuous contrapposto stand that represented the archetype of camp pose graced the main entrance to the exhibition.  In front of a black and white drawing of Monsieur le Chevalier de Lorraine, the lover of Phillipe de Lorraine-Armagnac, and an oil on canvas portrait painting of the Chevalier d’Éon – both were cross-dresser noblemen is the black silk faille corset dress/gabardine pant and white shirt and black tie men’s outfit from Jean-Paul Gaultier’s spring-summer 1998 haute couture collection that epitomized the merging of different centuries of sartorial practices. A Gucci olive synthetic fur jumper coat from resort 2019 and a black frock coat paired with white poplin shirt and black waistcoat from Gucci men’s spring-summer 2017 stood next to the photographs of Oscar Wilde posed as the dandy writer Beau Brummel wearing similar outfits.  The text of Sontag’s 58 principles – two pages of her manuscript is on display with her portrait by Peter Hujar - permeated throughout the gallery texts with each numbered stanza dictum with a corresponding fashion look to remind audiences of the variety and impermanence definition of camp that was always evolving in different contexts among the total 250 objects and clothes within the exhibition.   A video installation on top of the wall of one gallery mimicking an actual typeset written of moving words and a host of designers recorded in their voice like Marc Jacobs voice over of the famous note # 25 - “Camp is a woman walking around in a dress made of three million feathers.” To add to the visual effect, Judy Garland’s Somewhere over the Rainbow played softly in the gallery leading to the main section where notions of camp blossomed into highly creative fashion from a Jeremy Scott spandex jumpsuit with cut of ‘voguing’ figure that evoke Willi Ninja from fall-winter 2010-2011 to Tomo Koizumi’s colorful tulle circular strapless dress shown for fall-winter 2019-2020 in New York this past March.   Designers across a wide spectrum are represented in the many sub categories – ‘Camp The Beau Ideal’, ‘Isherwoodian Camp’, ‘Sontagian Camp’, ‘Outrageous Aestheticism’,  ‘Gender without Genitals’, ‘A Second Childhood’, or ‘Historicism Viewed Historically’.  A Marjan Djodjov Pejoski feather swan short dress from Fall-Winter 2000-2001 famously worn by the musician Bjork stood in the ‘Being-As-Playing-A –Role’ segment while three current resort 2018 Gucci logo ensembles graced the ‘Dandyism in the Age of Mass Culture’ banner.  Martin Margiela’s recycled synthetic twill dress and refurbished trash hardware for his Artisanal fall 2008 and spring 2008 respectively and John Galliano’s paper dress from spring 2001 revealed the renewal of debris of glitz under the heading of ‘A Rediscovery of History of Waste.’  Two colorful giant synthetic organza and polychrome satin from the young Japanese designer Tomo Koizumi who showed his first fall collection in New York this past March to rave applause singlehandedly anchored the ‘Outrageous Aestheticism’ corner.   “Camp is a vision of the world in terms of style - but a particular kind of style. It is the love of the exaggerated, the "off," of things-being-what-they-are-not.” ‘Camp’ aesthetics break down hierarchy and structured thinking and espoused a spirit of greater openness in adopting a new way of creation and this process over time allowed for the acceptance and the normalization of marginal and underground social and cultural phenomenon in a process where the hidden now bloomed in daylight. Despite the propensity for arduous and intricate intellectual discourses to expurgate all possible explanations, at the end of the day, camp really is what one makes of the excesses and the exaggerated accouterment that is the creative fashion sensibility and spirit perhaps now mixed in with a little bit of normal everyday life.   Although the exhibition covered a lot of grounds and touched upon multiple level of interpreting camp over the decades and even centuries, I wonder though why there was no representation of hip hop fashion, one the one hand, as the rap stars surely brought their excesses in their wardrobe and expose their love of pile them on over the top in clothes, in jewelry and in automobiles, and black drag queens like the Harlem Voguers and early media personality like Rupaul whose outrageous and fearless costumes were intrinsic to their being. Ghetto fabulous from the late 90’s sure was campy at least in the spirit of excess and exaggerations and so was the rise of the aesthetics promoted by the black drag queen acts. And in the era of inclusion and diversity in fashion and in society, why is it that the most powerful art institution in the world used only marble white mannequins to dress all of the chosen fashion from decorated leggings to elaborately made photo print embroidered dress?  It’s a point worth considering since at times audiences would like to at least see a reflection of themselves in the mirror or in this case within the display cases.   Camp: Notes on Fashion will be on view at The Metropolitan Museum of Art Iris and B. Gerald Cantor Exhibition Hall from May 9 – September 8, 2019.  1000 5th Ave, New York, NY 10028 Photos by Long Nguyen Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA COUTURE jacket, sweater, and pants and SALVATORE FERRAGAMO shirt. Ten years ago, the los angeles philharmonic carved gustavo Dudamel rose quickly through the ranks of El Sistema.  Dudamel’s name into the history of Los Angeles with fanfare fit for royalty. Deborah Borda, then CEO for the LA Phil, celebrated the Venezuela-born conductor’s appointment as the orchestra’s new Music Director with a months-long blitzkrieg. Billboards citywide bore his smiling face, capped with his trademark shock of curly hair. Festivities culminated with a massive star-studded inaugural concert at the Hollywood Bowl, and a firework show that spelled out his name. But few realized that behind all the fanfare lay a call to destiny for the then-28-year-old conductor. He was to become the final piece of a puzzle first begun in 1919.  William Andrews Clark Jr., the philanthropist son of a US Senator and copper baron, founded the LA Philharmonic orchestra 100 years ago with the intention of bringing a world- class orchestra to the fledgling city. Throughout the years, numerous CEOs and directors have tried to keep his vision alive—albeit with varying degrees of success.  Flash forward a century later, when Dudamel first arrives in Los Angeles in 2005 as a guest conductor at the LA Phil. His appointment as Music Director only four years later marked a defining point in the orchestra’s history. Critics that once considered LA to be a cultural backwater (at least in the classical music space) have since recognized the LA Phil as a progressive tour-de-force, rivalling the world’s best.  Clark Jr.’s original goal, however, is not ambitious enough for Dudamel. For him, music is an art form that enriches people’s lives, that builds communities, and connects those communities to the rest of the world. It’s more than a signpost with which to signal the existence of high-art and culture in a region—it’s vital to society.  “Think about it. What is art, ultimately? What is culture?” he asks, gesticulating with his hands as if conducting, though in a much more subdued manner than when he takes the podium. “It is a people’s identity. Do you know what I mean? The great artists, the geniuses, no matter where they live or where they were born, gave all of humanity a gift... This means that when we play Beethoven in Peru, for instance, we can play him as a European composer with a Peruvian identity, or a Venezuelan one, or Argentine, or Japanese.”  DIOR MEN suit, SCYTL shirt, and PIERRE HARDY shoes. His distinct idea of a formed musical identity has not gone unnoticed in his own work. Many a dazzled review of Dudamel’s live concerts have noted his distinct musical style and identity, though most have failed to describe it adequately. For Dudamel, the answer is simple. It is the distinct identity of artists trained in Venezuela’s youth musical program, El Sistema Nacional de las Orquestas y Coros Juveniles e Infantiles de Venezuela (El Sistema for short).  El Sistema is an intensive educational program that provides free music lessons and instruments to children in Venezuela. Dudamel joined the program at age ten, learned to play the violin, studied musical composition, and was assistant conductor in his class by age eleven.  “I believe that we have developed an identity, a way of understanding music in our own way,” Dudamel explains of  El Sistema, ”and that is what people hear when they say that it sounds more Latin American. With the identity that we’ve developed comes a discourse that we created ourselves, by believing in ourselves. We confronted music and the complexity of that music, not just from a technical aspect, but also as an idea.”  “To interpret a musical work is not only a question  of technique,” Dudamel continues, “it’s also very much a philosophical and psychological question, and within our development in our youth, we achieved a style of playing and musical interpretation that makes people feel...” He flashes a smile. “Well, very happy.”  He was appointed as the Assistant Conductor at the Amadeus Chamber Orchestra in 1993 and was promoted to Music Director three years later. He was then appointed Music Director of the Orquesta Sinfónica Simón Bolívar in 1999 at age 18, conducting the best of his fellow musicians from El Sistema.  Dudamel first gained international fame in 2004 when he won the inaugural Bamberger Symphoniker Gustav Mahler Conducting Competition. His CV has grown exponentially since then, with appearances conducting some of the world’s most illustrious orchestras (Vienna Philharmonic, Stuttgart Radio Symphony Orchestra) as well as guest appearances on some of pop culture’s most revered programming (Mozart in the Jungle, Sesame Street). He is also the youngest conductor to conduct the Vienna Philharmonic’s traditional New Year’s Day concert, as well as the youngest Music Director hired by the LA Philharmonic.  DIOR MEN suit and SCYTL shirt. Dudamel’s musical education, however, was secondary to the larger life lessons that he learned from El Sistema’s founder, José Antonio Abreu. Abreu founded El Sistema in Caracas in 1975 based on his belief that music could serve as a positive catalyst towards a utopian ideal of unity and solidarity—ideals that are clearly evident in Dudamel’s philosophy as well.  “What made him special was that he didn’t limit himself to, let’s say, a specific question about life,” Dudamel recalls of his former teacher and mentor. “The Maestro was a great musician, the Maestro was a great leader, a great thinker, which is why the program he created wasn’t limited to just music, but used music as a means of social uplift. It was through this method that the professor gifted us this philosophy of life, which is, essentially, music as an essential right in the development of every boy and girl.”  Dudamel’s time at and continued work with El Sistema has also drawn plenty of criticism. The program is a government- funded initiative and, as such, has taken on a stronger political connotation in recent years as Venezuela has grown socially, economically, and politically unstable under the regime of Nicolas Maduro.  In years past, Dudamel would refute these criticisms, at times pointing out that El Sistema was not only created under a different administration, but has been funded by nine different administrations of differing political alignments since its founding. Perhaps he hoped that the school’s mission and importance would rise above any political ideology or dogma.  The conductor’s position changed in 2017 following the death of 18-year-old Armando Cañizales Carrillo, a viola player with the Orquesta Sinfónica Juvenil José Francisco del Castillo, at a protest rally. He penned a note in Spanish and English titled “Levanto Mi Voz/I Raise My Voice,” decrying the violence and volatility in his native country.  “I urgently call on the President of the Republic and the national government to rectify and listen to the voice of the Venezuelan people”, Dudamel wrote on his Facebook account. “Times cannot be defined by the blood of our people. We owe our youth a hopeful world, a country where we can walk freely in dissent, in respect, in tolerance, in dialogue and in which dreams have room to build the Venezuela we all yearn for.” Maduro responded by cancelling his tour of the United States with the Orquesta Sinfónica Simón Bolívar, scheduled later that year.  BOSS suit, and ISSEY MIYAKE shirt Dudamel continues to speak out against Maduro’s government. In 2018, he was involved in the release process of Wuilly Arteaga, a violinist detained for his participation in peaceful protests. He took a few moments to speak directly to his countrymen in January at the inauguration of his star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, and again in February before his performance at the Academy Awards. “I think that most people are demanding a change and this change has to be given,” Dudamel told AFP reporters on the red carpet. “I say this to my Venezuelan brothers: the light at the end of the tunnel is in sight.”  Remaining true to his mission and admiration for Abreu and El Sistema, Dudamel has taken it upon himself to expand Abreu’s work and vision that propped El Sistema up as an agent of social uplift to a global audience. His work with the Youth Orchestra Los Angeles is one aspect of that.  “That’s my primary objective in working with YOLA here in Los Angeles,” says Dudamel, “and also to share what I’ve lived because every time I see a child playing music as part of YOLA, it takes me back to my time as a child, sitting in my chair at home in Barquisimeto playing with my instruments, with very few possibilities in life, but still trying to turn my dreams into reality. That’s what happens with YOLA because it has taken such a profound role within the development of the Los Angeles Philharmonic itself, which is how we share our art and our works with the community.”  YOLA, under Dudamel’s guidance since 2007, works with a number of schools and non-profits to provide access to musical instruments, music training, and academic support to at-risk children from low-income communities. YOLA’s goals are much like those of El Sistema’s, and the program has provided its students with the type of opportunities professional musicians would kill for. Members of the youth orchestra have performed at the Hollywood Bowl, the Walt Disney Concert Hall, and the National Gallery in Washington D.C. Fifty lucky students joined Dudamel onstage at the 2016 Super Bowl 50 halftime show, performing with Coldplay, Beyoncé, and Bruno Mars.  Though he has taken up Abreu’s baton as the new Maestro, Dudamel humbly rejects any comparison to his late mentor, preferring instead to focus on the impact of his ideas on countless young musicians.  SALVATORE FERRAGAMO coat, 22/4 HOMMES FEMMES shirt available at Please Do Not Enter, HUGO pants, GUCCI shoes, ROLEX watch, and BVLGARI ring. “It’s difficult to say that any one person was Professor Abreu’s chosen heir,” he explains, “because the full dimension of what he created is gigantic, is infinite. I had the opportunity to be like a son to him. He cared for me like a father cares for a son and so I do feel, in some way, indebted to him, but that’s a feeling I share with many others because we were thousands, millions of boys and girls who have built a career and life around music because of his dream, his creation.”  Dudamel has a packed schedule for the rest of 2019 with more events celebrating the 100th anniversary celebration of the LA Philharmonic scheduled until October. The celebrations began in September 2018 with the Celebrate LA! street festival. Other centennial celebration shows have included performers such as Katy Perry, Chris Martin, Herbie Hancock, Andrew Bird, La Santa Cecilia, and Moby. The orchestra will also embark on a Centennial Tour around the world with stops in Seoul, Tokyo, Edinburgh, London, Mexico City, and New York. The program will conclude on October 24th at the Hollywood Bowl with the official Centennial Birthday Celebration Concert & Gala.  In addition, the music director released a new album in March. The album, titled Dudamel: Celebrating John Williams, is a live recording of a tribute concert to the legendary composer at the Walt Disney Concert Hall that took place earlier this year. Dudamel conducted the LA Phil through a number of Williams’ most famous scores, including those for Star Wars, E.T. The Extra Terrestrial, and Richard Donner’s Superman.  Other plans this year include the grand opening of a Frank Gehry- designed YOLA center for disadvantaged youth in Inglewood. The complex will offer a space for children to develop their creativity and artistic skills through music, which Dudamel hopes will enrich and inform other aspects of their lives.  “This is just the beginning,” he explains. “This YOLA center in Inglewood will be the first of many we’ll build for the community, in this country and everywhere. My dream is global. My true dream is for music to become a part of the lives of children everywhere, even if they don’t plan on becoming artists. To have music form part of their creative development, especially that collective creative development that comes with creating as a group.  I believe that in today’s world, which is so competitive and individualized, we need to contemplate or reflect on the implications of what it means to create art together. That is what we are trying to pass on to our children.”  Photographer: Ian Morrison.  Flaunt Film Directed by: Scott Smith Stylist: Soaree Cohen.  Groomer: Kristen Shaw using Oribe, Earth Tu Face, and Chanel Makeup At Art Department.  Location: Badd House. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Le Specs 40th Anniversary  Adam Selman at  Le Specs 40th Anniversary  Le Specs 40th Anniversary  Le Specs 40th Anniversary  Le Specs 40th Anniversary  Le Specs 40th Anniversary  Le Specs 40th Anniversary  Le Specs 40th Anniversary  Le Specs 40th Anniversary  Le Specs 40th Anniversary  Le Specs 40th Anniversary  Le Specs 40th Anniversary  Le Specs 40th Anniversary  Le Specs 40th Anniversary  Le Specs 40th Anniversary  Le Specs 40th Anniversary Over the weekend Australian eyewear brand Le Specs celebrated their 40thanniversary with a pop-up party at a gas station in Downtown LA. On hand was their golden boy Adam Selman, whose “Last Lolita” lenses left a lasting legacy as the standard go to for every cool girl and boy.  DJ Vashtie kept things going with sparks of reggaeton and a solid dose of Selena keeping the pending spirit of Cinco de Mayo alive. Guest ran in and out of the installation’s mechanic shop and store binging on eyewear and candy. Photos courtesy of Le Specs Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   WRANGLER shirt. Lukas Nelson isn’t sure that the word “outlaw” still means what it used to. The term has long applied to many an American iconoclast working in the country or roots genres, chief among them Lukas’ dad, Willie Nelson.  “Back then, it was the truth,” says Lukas. “Now, you know, weed’s pretty much legal. ‘Outlaw’ doesn’t usually enter my mind except when people are singing it, and they’re signing with some major corporation. That kind of weirds me out.”  To this end, Nelson folds the history and mystique of outlaw culture into his songwriting more than he would by repping it as a personal lifestyle choice. He’s certainly a traveler—just before chatting with Flaunt, he returned to L.A. from a multi-day run of shows in Colorado with his band, Lukas Nelson & Promise of the Real, (bassist Corey McCormick, drummer Anthony Logerfo, percussionist Tato Melgar and multi-instrumentalist Logan Metz, that left them snowed-in at Telluride. On the same trip, Nelson also managed to squeeze in some meetings with local growers for the family marijuana business, Willie’s Reserve—a trade he channels into a gorgeous historical fiction about a family of moonshine bootleggers on the tune “Runnin’ Shine,” off Lukas Nelson & Promise of the Real’s most recent self-titled LP.  Contrary to the outlaw stereotype, Nelson’s not travelin’ on to escape from anything so much as he’s  running toward his light. Earlier this year he took home a BAFTA award for his massively successful collaboration with Bradley Cooper, Lady Gaga and the rest of the composers on A Star Is Born, co-writing eight of the film’s songs and performing in the onscreen band. He’s spent much of he last five years touring the world with longtime family friend Neil Young, backing him up for epic sets and unpacking trunks of memories that helped propel Young into a still-flowering creative renaissance.  WRANGLER jeans, talent’s own t-shirt, and vintage jacket and belt. This June, Lukas Nelson & Promise of the Real releases Turn Off The News (Build A Garden), a fantastically heady album of topical, existential numbers that fuse road-dusted Americana with eastern sounds, rocksteady grooves and other unexpectedly eclectic jams, seamlessly melded by the band’s potent communal chemistry.  With Nelson deeply and personally invested in so many projects, one wonders how he is able to switch between writing for himself and writing for other people so effortlessly, transitioning his focus from someone else’s project back to a personal frame of reference.  “I grew up doing that—I’d play with my dad in his band when I was a kid, then I’d do my own thing, so I learned how to do both at a young age,” he says without a hint of self-importance. “I feel like it’s kinda nice to have both skills, too, you know?”  “To be able to be a member of a band, it’s like a sports team—I used to play a lot of sports as a kid. I used to be on a swim team and played soccer, played golf. All of these things require you to have a team mentality. So when I’m out there I’m just taking care of myself, making sure I’m in a good headspace, trying to eat well and exercise, do yoga and meditate, keep my head clear so that I can be the best for whatever project I put my mind to.”  Nelson’s mindfulness is another skill acquired from his upbringing, something he learned from his dad’s legacy of balancing activism and enlightenment with high vibes and good times. “He’s just being present,” Nelson says. “It’s putting all your efforts to doin’ the best you can do when you got it.”  Staying so present can burn an artist out, though, prompting them to withdraw or sometimes disappear altogether. This is part of the sentiment behind one of Neil Young’s greatest forlorn tunes, “Too Far Gone,” an idea that surfaces in Lukas’ original A Star Is Born tune of the same name, and that he also recites the lyrics to Turn Off The News opener, “Bad Case.”  “‘Too Far Gone’... that’s the ‘gain the world/lose your soul’ conundrum,” says Nelson. “There’s an easy way to lose yourself in this industry, and that’s what the name Promise of the Real means, ironically.” The band took its name from Young’s On The Beach classic, “Walk On.”  “There’s a lot of ways you can do something,” Nelson continues. “Some ways, you step on other people and lose your soul. Other ways might take you a lot longer to get there, but you’re enjoying yourself and you’re comfortable with yourself.”  This idea of taking the long, high road resonates with Nelson on many levels. Though Bradley Cooper based some of his character Jackson Maine’s stage presence and mannerisms around Nelson while writing A Star Is Born, Nelson never fell into Maine’s tragic arc because he makes a concerted effort to stay healthy and surround himself with the right community.  Nelson remembers the recording of Turn Off The News as a series of productive hangouts, and the strong community of friends who contribute to these songs makes us wish we were hanging out, too. Willie and Neil both make appearances, along with Margo Price, Kesha, Sheryl Crow, sister-act Lucius (who collaborated with the band on their last LP, too) and more.  WRANGLER shirt. The album’s many bangers speak for themselves—opener “Bad Case” charges out the gate with wisdom about not wanting what you can’t have, while the Kesha-featuring country-fried number “Save A Little Heartache” grooves along with a Jamaican lilt. The most tender moment, “Mystery,” finds Nelson working with his dad and brother, Micah, to re-record a song he wrote about his first girlfriend when he was 18.  “So all these guys, we’re in a circle, and we all love each other,” says Nelson. “They say ‘a rising tide lifts all ships.’ Surrounding yourself with grounded people is key. People with the right intentions. I believe in intuition, but have this theory that highly intuitive people are actually just highly observant people who have a solid subconscious memory retainment and are able to pick up subtle things, make quick unconscious judgments and decisions.”  Of course, it takes a steady and mindful frontman to make such wise unconscious judgements on the fly. The way Nelson tells it, he fell into a place of leadership naturally. He says that part of being a strong leader involves recognizing the strengths in others and “understanding when there’s somebody who may be adept at a certain situation. That’s why I think a good leader will step back and allow somebody like that to influence them. It’s really a situational matter.”  Through understanding his diplomacy and level- headedness, it’s easy to understand how Nelson has made a name for himself, emerging as an iconoclastic torchbearer of thoughtful American music without heaving to fall back on his father’s storied legacy, or seeking fame via the fast track of entitled nepotism.  “You make decisions a lot of times, you make decisions,” Nelson says. “Concentrate on getting so good at what you do that people can’t help but be impressed and inspired, tell their friends and wanna be around it. Make people’s lives better. That’s really what matters in art, and why wanting to be famous is what’s wrong with the world right now.” Photographed by: Graham Dunn at Atelier Management. Flaunt Film Directed by: Scott Smith  Stylist: Laura Duncan.  Groomer: Nicole Chew using Oribe at Art Department. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Brendan Fallis, Hannah Bronfman  Glenn Close  Liya Kebede  Lorna Simpson, Zora Simpson Casabere  Marilyn Minter, Bill Wright   Mia Moretti  Alexander Skarsgard, Gemma Chan Lee Ufan, Relatum, 1974. © Artists Rights Society (ARS), New York / ADAGP, Paris. Courtesy the artist. On Saturday, London based brand COS celebrated the Dia Art Foundations Spring benefit gala for a second consecutive time in upstate NY. Heavily inspired and involved in the art and design worlds, the brand partnered with the institution to support and give back. This year’s event celebrated Korean artist Lee Ufan whose sculptural works are installed at the Dia: Beacon.  Lee Ufan,Relatum(formerlyLanguage),1971, installation view: Pinar Gallery, Tokyo, 1971.© Artists Rights Society (ARS), New York / ADAGP, Paris.Courtesy the artist COS Creative Director, Karin Gustafsson noted ‘We’re thrilled to continue our support of Dia Art Foundation and help honor Lee Ufan, whose richly diverse work has long been an inspiration to our creative team.”  Notable guests included Glenn Close, Alexander Skarsgård, Gemma Chan, Liya Kebede, Mia Moretti, and Hannah Bronfman. Photos courtesy of COS Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Stella McCartney Benefit Dinner x Living Beauty Foundation  Stella McCartney Benefit Dinner x Living Beauty Foundation  Stella McCartney Benefit Dinner x Living Beauty Foundation  Stella McCartney Benefit Dinner x Living Beauty Foundation  Stella McCartney Benefit Dinner x Living Beauty Foundation  Stella McCartney Benefit Dinner x Living Beauty Foundation Stella McCartney and The Foundation for Living Beauty collaborated  on the Foundation’s annual benefit dinner in early May. The event was hinged on making a change for women living with cancer. Supporters such as, Foundation founder, Amie Satchu, and committee members Alexandra Dwek, Alle Fister, Andrea Lublin, April Uchitel, Hanane El Moutii, Lindsay Doody, and Louise Roe, helped make the event a success. Both brands came together in appeal for their commitment to social sustainability and empowerment for women fighitng through their cancer journey.  The evening had a unique array of events, dinner, and auction prizes which highlighted the holistic approaches the Foundation encourages. In addition, the non-profit, provided complimentary support serviced and information about wellness retreats, educational workshops and support events. Guests included Anine Bing, Anita Patrickson, Ashley Masekwe, Catt Saddler, Cortney Novogratz, and Clare Vivier along with many more. Atay provided an amazing Margarita bar using their Tea and Casamigos Tequila.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017     From top to bottom: NANCY NEWBERG ring, MISHO ring, H. CROWNE talon nail rings, and talent’s own rings. DIOR dress, and WOLFORD tights . If Rupaul’s Drag Race functions as the queer world series—a shared interest that we can all just talk about when we see each other out, sort of like the weather—then Valentina is the Dodgers: a hometown hero for LA’s gay community and an icon, in particular, for the Latinx, queer, and nonbinary children of the Eastside she represents. Devotees of the 27-year-old are as fiercely loyal as Dodgers fans, too. After Valentina’s elimination on the Season 9 reunion episode, fellow queens Alexis Michelle and Nina Bo’Nina Brown claimed her fans doused them with social media hate and even death threats, furious that Valentina did nothing to stop it.  Perhaps her fans are so bitter because Valentina—despite being one of the boldest, most versatile and gorgeous divas to ever sashay down Ru’s runway—has never managed to snatch the crown. Even she admits the elimination in Season 9 was iconic, so maybe it’s fine she lost. “I’d like to keep it on, please,” she told Ru, when asked to remove a scarlet mask strategically positioned to obscure her mouth’s inability to mimic the words to Ariana Grande’s “Greedy” in a fateful lip-sync-for-her-life.  Valentina’s elimination this January from RuPaul’s Drag Race All Stars Season 4 was less deserved. Following a challenge that instructed contestants to host and design their own nightclub, she and Naomi Smalls ended up in the bottom, after their ’90s fashion party, Club 96, failed to entertain judge Michelle Visage. Whereas the winning queens’ club felt more like a tightly conceived children’s birthday party, Club 96 brought together camp and glamour in a way that qualifies drag as an art form.Valentina served a sadistically coked-out grimace while Naomi repeated “Club 96” in an ASMR whisper. As guests drank from absurdly long glassware, the so-bad-it’s-good tagline, “We’re tall; we’re skinny; high fashion,” encapsulated their comical delusions. “Club 96 is everything...a masterpiece,” Valentina says in the defense of the project, over the phone this March. “That challenge was a mess, because we didn’t know what they were judging or criticizing on.”  In the end, it seemed like Valentina’s seasonmates on All Stars were all too happy to watch Valentina—or Villaintina, to some—go down. She was a threat for sure, but for some, it’s her self-obsessed grandeur that made her an easy target. As she puts it herself in an All Stars confessional, epitomizing the post-truth era but also the essence of drag, “When I feel the fantasy, it is my reality, and nobody can change that.”  No one can stop her either. These days, Valentina has a bright horizon as a Latinx pop-star, with a starring role as Angel in Fox’s live edition of RENT; the recently released single “A Prueba de Todo,” teasing an eventual, full-length, disco-inspired album; and her live variety show All About Valentina, which debuted in LA. She’s ready to spill the tea.  ERDEM jacket, AMORPHOSE gloves (worn as scarf), WOLFORD tights, ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER X ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses, and STATE PROPERTY ring. What is Valentina doing today?  Well, I just left a vocal lesson. I’m currently working on recording a new song. I did some music videos with [legendary Mexican singer] Gloria Trevi, and she gifted me a song, so it’s kind of a very special, very intimate gift that she wrote herself. I don’t want to give away too much information, but it is a ballad, so that’s kind of fun.  So you’re really dedicated to working on your vocals and making this music transition pop off?  Yeah. Right now, I’m really getting to work on my voice and continuing to discover my sound because music has always been such a big part of my life...The experience of being discovered as a vocalist with RENT has given me some reassurance that I do have a sound. It’s something that I worked really hard at.  Were you happy with your vocals in RENT?  Was I happy with how my vocals were in RENT? I feel like what happened in RENT was, they aired our dress rehearsal because one of our lead actors injured his leg. None of us were under the impression that they were going to air a rehearsal of ours. At the time I was sick and not under the best conditions vocally, nor was I aware that our recording of our rehearsal was going to be aired nationally for the world to see and criticize.  PALOMO SPAIN top and pants at Please Do Not Enter, WOLFORD tights, ERDEM shoes, STATE PROPERTY necklace and ring, and talent’s own earrings. That sucks. I’m sorry that that happened.  I know, me too—because I’m actually a quietly insecure singer and I’ve had nervousness about singing for a very, very long time and I feel like I’m facing those fears.  Are you giving something different in your lip syncing performance than in your live vocals? How do the two inform each other? Or do you keep them separate?  So, it’s not that I’m trying to separate those elements, I’m honestly just evolving into an artist that can be more connected with all the aspects of performing: whether it be singing, lip syncing, dancing, hosting, or storytelling. Right after RENT, I went straight into rehearsals for my show that I just created, All About Valentina in Los Angeles. It gave you the “Club Valentina” lip sync drag. It gave you more of a lyrical, dance, full-body, emotive performance. Then it turned into this señora lip sync, old-lady-ballad kind of thing. In the end, I came out in this beautiful gown with a live band, and I sang songs live.  Are there certain places in LA or Hollywood that you like to go to that make you connect with the style of old Hollywood glamor that you show in your drag?  Well, I still like Echo Park Lake itself. It was a place where I would go to when I was really sad and felt really lonely. I would go in the middle of the night and just sit there for hours and write in a book or listen to music and go running. Before auditioning for RuPaul’s Drag Race, and before my whole life changed for me, I remember going to that park and gathering my thoughts and sometimes crying on a bench and wishing upon a fucking star that things could change for me, you know?  DIOR dress, DITA VON TEESE gloves, GENTLE MONSTER sunglasses, ERDEM purse, MISHO necklace, and talent’s own earrings. Where else in LA is special for you? Where do you go out?  As of right now, one of my quick getaways is going to Cobra on Thursday nights in North Hollywood because it’s trans night. It’s been a beautiful community that has embraced me ever since I came out as non-binary.Whenever I’m around my trans community I always feel really safe, so I have fun there. There’s also this really, really awesome authentic Mexican cowboy kind of gay club that makes you feel like you’re in a time warp. It’s called Club Tempo, which I really love.  Yes! I love it there. They have drag there as well.  They do. And some of it is terrible, and I love it.  But you never did a drag show there?  I did. I actually did my first drag debut for my mom. I invited all my tías, and we reserved a table, and they all wore red. It was very ceremonious of them to be amongst Maritza, who’s this Latina drag queen that’s the queen of Tempo since I-don’t-know-when. She’s very warm and made my family feel very welcome. It was really awesome. It just holds a special place in my heart.  I feel like you should have a Club Tempo takeover one day.  Oh my god. I would fucking love that. That would be hilarious.  VALERJ POBEGA cape, FENDI dress, and ERDEM hat, veil, and necktie. How do you feel like LA has changed since you grew up?  It’s obviously been gentrified and has gotten super expensive. For example, close to where I live, there was this Mexican market called La Guadalupana, and it was the place where you could get your regular produce, what you need to make some good, bomb Mexican food. And now that’s closed down, all that’s available to me is Lassens, a health-food store [across the street]. It’s great if I’m trying to be healthy, but if I’m trying to make a bomb-ass enchilada or something, I’m definitely not going to be buying those tortillas from no Lassens, girl.  Now that you’ve done two seasons of Drag Race, do you feel like that door is closed? Or are you open to other Drag Race things?  Oh no, it’s not closed for me. If anything, the door is open. I’m grateful for working on RuPaul’s Drag Race always and forever. Like, that’s where I come from, you know? Down the line I might want to go and do that shit again. It’s a lot of work, but it’s kinda fun to have to create all those runway looks and shit. I live for drag, I live for glamor, I live for attention and for art.  It seems like the show needs more ways to keep some of the favorite queens engaged beyond just the season and one All Stars.  Yeah. Pretty soon they’re gonna start running out of good drag queens. There’s plenty of drag out in the world. But good drag? I don’t think so, Mary.  Photographer: Daniella Midenge. Flaunt Film Directed by: Devin Kasparian Stylist: Mui-Hai Chu.  Hair: Iggy Rosales using Oribe at Opus Beauty.  Makeup: William Carrillo using Stilla Cosmetics, Kevyn Aucoin, and Pat Mcgrath.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    GUCCI  GUCCI  GUCCI  GUCCI  GUCCI In a day and age where the cosmetic marketplace is topping in as a multi-billion dollar industry surrounded by the grasps of influencer collabos, you can now find luxury in the little things, even your signature lipstick at the bottom of your bag. Alessandro Michele’s Gucci brings to you just that.  Launching May 4, Gucci will debut three new lipsticks collections in varying formulas: Rouge à Lèvres Satin with a satin finish, Rouge à Lèvres Voile with a sheer finish, and Baume à Lèvres, a lip balm with a translucent finish. At 58 shades total, there’s a little something for everyone. All cloaked in a patterned cartridge of vintage florals, the staple draws reference from Gucci’s 1970s roots—a perfect encapsulation of the modern Gucci sensibility. If you’re a Gucci fan, you’ll want to get your hands on yours.  Photos courtesy of Gucci  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Prada Resort 2020   Prada Resort 2020  Prada Resort 2020  Prada Resort 2020  Prada Resort 2020  Prada Resort 2020  Prada Resort 2020  Prada Resort 2020  Prada Resort 2020  Prada Resort 2020 Monster Cyclone Fani, a category 4 hurricane, was making landfall in eastern India on Thursday. Meteorologists predicted it would cause major storm surge and inland flooding all the way to Bangladesh, prompting a massive organized evacuation to prevent a similar cyclone Idai that devastated Mozambique the week prior.  Indonesia is planning to move its capital inland as the mega city of Jakarta is sinking at a fast pace due over extraction of water from underground sources and rising sea as a result of climate change as glaciers in Greenland and Antarctica are melting at faster rate than previously calculated.  But not all in the world is all doom and gloom as Japan crowned the new Emperor Naruhito as did Thailand this week in elaborate three days ceremony for the new King Maha Vajiralongkorn - both countries sought national renovation through their traditions.    And within this complicated, turbulent and at times a more pessimistic and darker outlook for the immediate future, Miuccia Prada proposed a new language through the clothes she showed for resort 2020 that encompassed the idea of simplicity but surely not one that espoused just basic and classic garmentz. Models walked around a series of light brown carpeted banquettes placed around the concrete columns now covered with light pink paint inside the old industrial piano factory refurbished in 2002 by the architectural firm Herzog & de Meuron. For the brand’s American headquarter in a serene parade of clothes that encompassed a new foundation both conceptually and commercially viable clothes – layers of cotton, gabardine and print on print patchwork in colorful spring hues - devoid of the excesses and decorations often deemed critical in the momentary digital era that influenced the kind of clothes designers put in their runway to maximize the likes and clicks endgame.   Guests were greeted upon arrival at the entrance of the former factory by a handful of screaming demonstrators from PETA protesting the use of furs which seemed ironic since the brand isn’t known for furs except for perhaps a fuschia pink long shearling coat and a few light brown or earth orange suede blousons. The few opening looks comprising of lean and long silhouettes of navy coats and loose jackets over long shirts and skirts set the tone for the rest of the show that underscored the backbone of the collection. These more simple silhouettes masked a much louder statement the clothes made as an alternative to choose from in contrast to the current mood in the world where many young and old alike are yearning for solace instead of combat.  Here a white hand knit cable sleeveless sweater over a blue and white stripe cotton shirt and nude pleats long skirt, a white feather scarf around the neck, conveyed just the right mood for this moment.   Newness in simple clothes per Prada isn’t exactly basic garments but rather transforming these classics clothes – jackets, long skirts, sweaters, blouses, shorts, dresses – with subtle design touches like altering their proportions just enough for the eyes to catch in series of skirts and jackets or peasant blouses with a combination of slightly shorter/longer and straight/looser silhouettes and by layer on layer piling of a variety of print patterns fabrics upon each other like the yellow white ball anorak, circles blouse and floral knee length skirt. Decorations were restricted to plumes on skinny scarfs or light florals on sleeves of black gabardine jackets and on long white collarless cotton shirts.  A ‘Maoist’ utility shirt collar patch pocket jacket pantsuit came in a variety of heavy cotton fabrics in monochrome pale blue and pale pink or a khaki version paired with long skirt and one made with greenish floral print cotton.  In a nod to the current DTC environment and the attempts to close the gap between what was shown and the power of immediate purchase, the classic Prada Bowling bag debuted in the Spring-Summer 2000 ‘Sincere Chic’ collection, got a new lease with new color ways such as black, tan and white leathers – all available for special orders at Prada.com.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Bvlgari at B.Zero1 Installation Opening  Bvlgari at B.Zero1 Installation Opening  Bvlgari at B.Zero1 Installation Opening  Bvlgari at B.Zero1 Installation Opening  Bvlgari at B.Zero1 Installation Opening  Bvlgari at B.Zero1 Installation Opening  Bvlgari at B.Zero1 Installation Opening  Bvlgari at B.Zero1 Installation Opening  Bvlgari at B.Zero1 Installation Opening  Bvlgari at B.Zero1 Installation Opening  Bvlgari at B.Zero1 Installation Opening  Bvlgari at B.Zero1 Installation Opening  Bvlgari at B.Zero1 Installation Opening  Bvlgari at B.Zero1 Installation Opening  Bvlgari at B.Zero1 Installation Opening Inside the magical Oculus at the World Trade Center this week is an exceptional installation celebrating the 20th Anniversary of Bvlgari’s brand with the release of B.zero 1 inside a model of Rome’s Colosseum. 10 feet tall, 65 feet wide, and walls which wrap around in bold graphic, the labyrinth experience will set you free and get you lost in a world of art. The 3,400 square foot interactive B.zero1 Labyrinth installation takes viewers through 5 chapters:  “Genealogy”, “Iconic Women of Design”, “Design Legend”, “XX Anniversary”, and the “Celebration Experience.” At the opening party for the pop-up installation which attracted many influencers such as Shea Marie, Jessica Wang, Lainy Hedaya and many other VIP’s of the fashion world.  Bvlgari’s B.zero1 Labyrinth installation will be on display and open to the public from May 2 through May 8th on the main level of the Oculus at the World Trade Center. Photo’s courtesy of BVLGARI  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   POLO RALPH LAUREN jacket and BEN SHERMAN shirt. There are few players in this insubstantial pageantry we call life who touch the masses on such a grandiose and glittering scale that they can genuinely  be referred to as an icon, and of those very few, only a handful channel the universal language of love. Elton John, however, is one such rare player in the theatre of the modern era—a man who in his own words “Always felt like an outsider,” but whose music has touched millions of lives on such a profound level that it often provides an emotive soundtrack to the most important landmarks on countless individual journeys to the grave. The self-styled piano player, born Reginald Dwight to working-class parentage in post-WWII London, is arguably nothing less than a bona-fide musical phenomenon—a man whose ear for melody must surely harness some intangible truth of the human experience, in that his work transcends societal differences of every imaginable kind, and is loved by people all over the world.  It’s precisely such notions that I have in mind while waiting for the young man who has taken on the mantle of playing the legendary musician in the much-anticipated biopic Rocketman— another product of the British working-class, who was catapulted to his own fame via the multi-million dollar Kingsman franchise, actor Taron Egerton. We are due to meet in West London in the shadow of the iconic BBC Television Centre, which must have played host to Elton John countless times in his career, not least on the early ’70s show Sounds For Saturday. But it seems almost trite to try to give a brief summation of the pre-eminence Elton John has achieved in a sometimes wildly hedonistic trajectory that spans some 50-plus years. Suffice to say, he has sold over 300 million records, with his writing partner Bernie Taupin,  and that’s damn near the figure for the current population of The United States. It seems that whatever level of fame Egerton has become accustomed to thus far is insufficient to prepare him for what’s to come. In fact, when he suddenly appears and introduces himself with a firm handshake and smile, he couldn’t look more innocuous, sporting the kind of dressed-to-blend attire that you might not readily expect from someone dubbed by British GQ as one of the Best Dressed Welshmen of all time, but it’s crystal clear after five minutes of talking to him, that  such dubious mainstream accolades are unlikely to ever go to his head.  BURBERRY suit, shirt, tie, and pocket square and TRICKER’S boots. “I don’t think it’s really possible to play an icon,” says the 29-year-old RADA alumni as we order tea. “I mean, if Elton walks into a room, everyone stops what they’re doing and turns and stares at him. It would drive you mad. But it’s like they say  of Shakespeare, you know? They say you don’t play the King; the court plays the King. The King can do what the fuck he wants. You can only do it like that. If you want to convince people that you’re an icon, you just do you, and you do it with conviction. That’s what I did, anyway, and I hope it’s fucking worked!” He laughs with sudden and disarming verve, explaining that, like  me, he has not yet seen a final cut of the film. But the clear enthusiasm he has for his subject is immediately infectious, “I guess this feels like hopefully it’s the next step of my career,” he says, while pointing out he still loves the franchise that made  him a star, on the set of which he actually first met Elton. “In this film, I’m playing one of the most interesting people from popular culture in the past 100 years, so, of course, in some respects that is going to feel like a move. I doubt that Benedict Cumberbatch thinks that playing Doctor Strange is as complex as playing Alan Turing. Do you know what I mean? It’s been a year of work and studio time, and I feel I really pushed myself,” he continues. “Elton is just such a fascinating man, and I really like him. I’d probably go as far as to say I love him, and that’s exciting—to be portraying someone that you care about. I actually feel defensive of him, and I feel like I want the world to see him as I see him, which is not perfect. It’s absolutely not perfect. Our movie is very much about starting in a place of tension and defensiveness, and peeling those layers away.”  As it transpires, Rocketman works as a sometimes-fantastical retelling of the trajectory from Reginald Dwight’s less-than- happy childhood to his adoption of a radical new persona and stratospheric sustained rise to the top of the Billboard Charts, all from the vantage point of a rock-bottom stint in rehab in 1975, where the star is working to overcome the demons that led him to a cocaine overdose. It’s a smart narrative conceit that marks the most bombastically successful period of Elton John’s career (a run of 11 top ten albums in five years, four of which topped the charts at number one), and the second musical history outing for the films’ director Dexter Fletcher, who worked with Egerton on the biopic of a very different kind of British icon—unlikely Olympic skier Michael Edwards in  the sweet but largely overlooked Eddie The Eagle. Brought into the project by the film’s co-producer and Elton John’s long- term partner David Furnish, Fletcher is the man credited with rescuing Bohemian Rhapsody from production hell, although Rocketman promises to be a somewhat more grit-and-gristle affair. “The material we’ve shown to the world is not something that’s been put out there very much,” says Egerton, cutting off to briefly deliberate over ordering steak or chicken salad. He goes for steak, with a “Yeah, fuck it” thrown in. “To recount the story from rehab is such a fabulous construct for an actor, because you can track an arc from someone hugely dysfunctional through to hopefully functional, but also play with the idea of the unreliable narrator, because, as we all know, a huge part of drug addiction is lying...” Egerton pauses to think. “There’s just something  very authentically human about Elton, you know?” he continues. “There’s a strong hedonistic streak in him, but there’s something very vulnerable in him also, and very caring. The simple story we’re telling, when you take away all the bells and whistles, is really about someone trying to find a home, and someone who spent a long time trying to find it in all the wrong places.”  GIORGIO ARMANI jacket, shirt, and pants, MR P. AT MR PORTER shoes, and LONDON SOCK COMPANY socks. As an overweight only child, Reginald Dwight had a infamously loveless relationship with a strict and critical father, and a mother who was perhaps not naturally given to the maternal instinct, which is where the film begins its investigation into his identity. “I think it’s fairly okay to say that Elton came from a less than ideal family home with the sort of parents that were potentially not really in love; maybe didn’t even really like each other that much,” says Egerton, when I ask him why he thinks of the young Elton John as a somewhat lost soul. “He  was someone who had this sort of late blossoming and growing awareness of the fact that he was different, and then also having this huge creative impulse, but being slightly frustrated because he wasn’t a lyricist. So, you have someone who felt a sense of rootlessness, potentially a sense of insecurity about feeling loved, and you throw into that the type of fame that only a handful of people have ever experienced, and the amount of power that imbues you with, plus that classic thing of self-medicating to sort of avoid something, or to not deal with something... The kind of extremes you see in Tantrums & Tiaras were probably only that much more extreme when he was in the midst of his addiction, which is the period we deal with—cocaine and alcohol abuse do not really create an equilibrium in you that lends itself to rational behavior.”  Tantrums & Tiaras is, of course, the mid-’90s warts-and-all documentary of a latter period Elton John, also produced by David Furnish, and it is a wonderfully freewheeling snapshot  of a cleaned-up legend, containing scenes of, well, absolutely fabulous behavior, darling. “My thing has been about humanizing that kind of behavior,” says Egerton. “I just think ‘Elton John as diva’ is such a fucking lazy sound-bite! I think it’s so reductive, because it’s really a shell—it’s a kind of, ‘Fuck off  and leave me alone, while I go and process things, because  I feel overwhelmed!’ And I really do think it’s about being overwhelmed. Elton is someone who’s been troubled, but he’s not hurt anyone other than himself. He has a capacity for very immediate, volatile emotional explosions and then remorse, and I find that really attractive. I think it’s an attractive quality because it shows self-awareness. I can’t be doing with people who don’t self-evaluate and self-monitor, you know? I can forgive anyone most things if afterwards they go, ‘Ah fuck. I fucked that up there.’ There are so many stories from people about Elton misbehaving or losing his temper, and then immediately wanting to remedy and rectify the situation.”  KENT AND CURWEN jacket, CORNELIANI sweater, and BRUNELLO CUCINELLI pants. I suggest it seems somewhat hard to imagine the larger-than-life and famously irascible multi-millionaire football club owner as ever being the vulnerable, shy, retiring wallflower type. “He’s always been insistent that he was very shy and naïve, early on,” says Egerton. “It’s hard to process, but I subscribed to it in playing him, and actually, when you watch him in his very early interviews, you do believe it more. Obviously, it’s not the guy who he ended up as, but certainly who he was for a long,  long time.” So, how did this quiet caterpillar become the exuberantly adorned platform-boot-loving butterfly that terrified the hell out of this particular writer when he first saw him as a young child in The Who’s eviscerating celluloid acid trip Tommy? “I think that thing of giving yourself a new identity is wonderfully liberating for  some people, and I’m fascinated by someone needing to step outside of themselves to feel like they can really be who they are. I mean, how do you track that? How does that new persona form? I’m not even sure it’s a persona.  I think it actually comes from an inability to deal with certain things,” says Egerton. “Elton was lonely. He once said to me that when he met Bernie Taupin (played in the film by fellow Brit Jamie Bell), it was like meeting the brother he had never had, and suddenly having someone to go to the cinema with. I remember him saying that  to me, and it just seeming so pedestrian, but then, I was like, fuck, yes! Once Elton John was 19 years old and he just needed someone to go to the cinema with! I suppose that actually the purest relationship in our film is the one with Bernie, and I hope that’s where that side of Elton manifests in my performance, because he’s got an enormous capacity for love.”  Perhaps Elton John’s capacity for love is no better exemplified than in his longstanding commitment in the fight against HIV/AIDS via the hugely successful charity the Elton John AIDS Foundation. In fact, at the time of writing this, the singer had put his name to a movement calling for the global boycotting of The Dorchester Hotel because of bloodthirsty and draconian homophobic  laws passed by its absurdly wealthy owner, The Sultan of Brunei. Given his unique standing in the LGBT community, for whom he is inarguably a beacon, there will no doubt be those who question Egerton’s casting— after all, he is a straight guy playing a very outspoken gay icon. “I am from a very liberal town. I’ve always had gay people in my life, and I guess I felt like I just wanted to be convincing,” says the Merseyside native, when I ask him how he feels about those inevitable questions and concerns. “I wanted to be a part of something that, in a big, broad commercial setting, just made his sexuality  all the more gorgeous and exciting and celebratory,  you know? I just think we’re celebrating an icon and,  of course, there is a significant global community that rightly feel a sense of ownership over their champions. If I am inhabiting that champion, then I’ve got to be whole-hearted in my approach, and I have no problem with engaging in male intimacy in my work. It’s no less comfortable than it is with a woman. It’s not comfortable with anyone. It’s a very artificial thing.”  GIORGIO ARMANI jacket and t-shirt and KOMONO sunglasses. There is, however, nothing artificial about the passion he has applied in his transformation, and it’s a testament to his commitment that he plays and sings every single note on-screen in Rocketman. “I spent a lot of time doing piano for the film, but the work I  did only got me to a place where I could, just about convincingly, fake it—you know, rather than actually be able to play anything at any sort of level,” he says, modestly. “I just think singing is about storytelling and expression, and there’s something about seeing someone express themselves with their own voice rather than the alternative, especially in the arena of musical fantasy.  I think we’ve done some interesting things with the songs—some of them we’ve fucked with a bit, some less so, and they’re all used in different ways. Some form part of the soundtrack, some are performance concert moments, and some are sort of musical theatre pieces in the sort of traditional sense, really. And I mean, his songs really do define significant moments in people’s lives. I sang “Your Song” for two of my friends who got married to each other recently, and it felt like everyone in the room was united over it. There’s just something about it. It’s got that skill of being able to take the personal and make it universal. It’s a really special, quite unique thing.”  So how close does he feel the film has come to finding a truth about Elton, or getting to the core of his being, if such a thing is even possible? “I don’t think that exists in film,” says the actor, thoughtfully. “Because it’s very stylized. It’s always going to be an interpretation. No biopic you’ve ever seen is going to look like the CCTV footage of what happened in 1975. I think it’s annoying when people watch actors and say, ‘Oh, he channeled whomever.’ It’s like, what, like a fucking mystic? No. The actor is always dialing up his or her own qualities. I mean, I’m quite an immediate person. I am quite prone to the vagaries of emotion, and I’m prone to extremes of feeling. I’m prone to a bit of overreaction truth-be-told.  I recognize that in myself and I recognize it in Elton. So, when the time is right and it serves the story, I elect to dial that up. I also think I’m someone who is relatively good at reading people, and I strive to be empathetic, and I believe that’s something that Elton has too. Doing this film was very intimidating, but you can only be yourself. You can’t be someone else. I feel very proud of the way we’ve gone about it. I feel like we’ve done it right. It’s been creative. It’s been collaborative and it’s not been prescriptive or contrived by a sort of studio system. They really have let us do it our way. We’ll see upon release whether it holds true, but, to me, it’s felt charmed. How can I escape the sense of fate? It’s been fucking amazing.”  BEN SHERMAN jacket, top, and pants. He looks at his watch. Time is marching relentlessly on, and Egerton politely informs me he  has a plane to catch to Las Vegas in an hour, which seems somehow indicative of the stardom Rocketman is going to bring him in spades. As we collect the cheque and walk out into the bright April sunshine, I ask him whether, having played a man who struggled to come down from the heady heights of ultra fame, he has any concerns about keeping his own feet on the ground amidst the whirlwind he seems fated to confront. “Well, look, I think being working-class means that you don’t have a fall back, so, even now, I honestly believe that this is going to be the last job I will ever have,  and I don’t particularly ever want to lose that feeling, because I think it puts you in a good place creatively,” he says. “There are plenty of reasons to be full of yourself when you are in a privileged position, but  it’s something really dangerous, so I try and maintain perspective on the value of things. I try and look at things with 18-year-old eyes.” He pauses, thinks for a moment. “You know what? If I had had an Armani suit when I was 18, I would have known where it was at at all times. Now I’ve got a few, and I try to remind myself of the preciousness of being gifted those kinds of things. I’ve got enough people in my life who operate on a very normal level, and I don’t ever want to be the guy who loses touch with that.” It’s a good thing to hear in an age so vacuously obsessed with fame and celebrity. Despite seeming resolutely grounded, I can’t help thinking, as we embrace and part ways, that this charming young Rocketman had better prepare for an incendiary blast-off.  Photographer: Max Montgomery.  Flaunt Film Directed by: Luke Miller Stylist: Gareth Scourfield.  Groomer: Joe Mills Using Baxter Of California at Joe & Co Soho.  Fashion Assistant: Steph Kelly.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Simon Rocha for Hause & Wirth Louis Bourgeois Earrings  Simon Rocha for Hause & Wirth Louis Bourgeois Earrings  Simon Rocha for Hause & Wirth Louis Bourgeois Earrings  Simon Rocha for Hause & Wirth Louis Bourgeois Earrings  Simon Rocha for Hause & Wirth Louis Bourgeois Earrings  Simon Rocha for Hause & Wirth Louis Bourgeois Earrings  Simon Rocha for Hause & Wirth Louis Bourgeois Earrings  Simon Rocha for Hause & Wirth Louis Bourgeois Earrings  Simon Rocha for Hause & Wirth Louis Bourgeois Earrings  Simon Rocha for Hause & Wirth Louis Bourgeois Earrings  Simon Rocha for Hause & Wirth Louis Bourgeois Earrings  Simon Rocha for Hause & Wirth Louis Bourgeois Earrings  This month, Simone Rocha and Hauser & Wirth honor French-American artist, Louise Bourgeois as one of the most influential artists if the twentieth century with special edition earrings inspired by the late artist’s fabric hanging works. These gorgeous replicas are 24 carat gold plated sterling silver and only 250 of them will be released globally.  Working vicariously through an artist who was motivated by altered reality and psychoanalysis, these earrings also play along with the power of association, memory, fantasy, as well as fear. Beginning from May 1st, the London, Somerset, New York, and Los Angeles locations will sport the collection as well as the online shop.  Photos by Lumia Nocito Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Dior’s Maria Grazia Chiuri launches a lovely collection embracing global styles and highlighting African cultures. The Cruise 2020 collection was featured in Marrakesh this week and magnetized artists with different backgrounds and African cultures who desired to work together to highlight the intersectionality of culture and fashion.  Themes of the collaboration embody the expatriate motifes of poetic nostalgia; an escape for artists, poets, writers, and nomads to find a new home within the landscape of Morocco, the Mediterranean, Europe, and Africa. The story told within the fabric of the collection grows like a family tree, showing us its roots and origins through diversity. Here we get a beautifully woven cultural dialogue which condenses the diverse realities of fashion as well as the visionary act of recreating a collective memory through design.  Photos by: Morgan O’Donovan  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   RODARTE dress, shoes, and earrings. MARINA HOERMANSEDER dress. The tailend of the painted lady migration makes its way around me as I sit on a bench overlooking Echo Park Lake.  I’ve made the park my office this afternoon and found a quiet, graffiti-scribbled seat in the shade with a good view of the coots and mallards paddling playfully in the water. But the real show is the rare flight of millions of butterflies, Vanessa Cardui, flirting their way northwest across Southern California to higher latitudes.  Two of them, as orange and spotted as their monarch cousins, corkscrew in lovesick bliss around my head, but I am pulled out of their over-the- top PDA when my phone buzzes with a call from Kim Petras.  After exchanging pleasantries (and enjoying a brief story Petras tells  me about meeting Miley Cyrus at a birthday party a week ago, where  the two pop stars bonded watching a man paint a picture of the birthday boy on a canvas with his whang), the 26-year- old German-born Los Angeles-based singer tells me that she just woke up after an all-nighter.  She wasn’t partying—she was in the studio writing until six in the morning. Most of us this fresh from sleep might sound rough and raspy, but Petras’ voice flutters gracefully through my phone.  “I’m super stoked,” she says as she begins “putting on her face,” preparing to head immediately back to the studio. “I’m working on my first album that I’m going to drop this summer. I wish I could say more about it, but I want to keep it and everything else coming up a big surprise.”  While Petras may be debuting her first album in a few months, she’s been nothing short of prolific since revitalizing pop music with the release of the mega bop “I Don’t Want it  at All”—a bratty, animated, and demanding 2017 single whose music video was blessed with a cameo by Paris Hilton playing both Petras’ idol and sugar mama. Its aura recalls Madonna’s “Material Girl” giving birth to an actual Bratz doll before styling it in a loose Julien MacDonald chain-mail dress.  MARC JACOBS top and JENNIFER ZEUNER earrings. Since the chart-topping success of the song, Petras has released a rainbow of fluorescent gems to complete her “ERA 1” suite of singles. Each of the eleven songs in the set are complimented with matching cover art depicting a mysterious neon caricature of Petras and her emblematic side bun. Together, they constitute an impressive sonic and visual rainbow. Note: some of Petras’ fans call themselves “bunheads,” and she’s even named her independent label BunHead.  When you listen to the bubblegum kaleidoscope that is “Era 1,” you’ll recognize chart-toppers like “Heart to Break,” bong-rippers like “Hillside Boys,” and autotuned collabs like “Faded (feat. Lil’ Aaron)” and “1, 2, 3, Dayz Up (feat. SOPHIE).” The singles’ sound is reminiscent of the flamboyance in Cyndi Lauper’s “Girls Just Wanna Have Fun” and the dewey-eyedness of Katy Perry’s “Teenage Dream,” but with true millennial sally.  “My top goal was to make a record that feels like classic pop of the ’90s and ’00s,” Petras says as  I witness a butterfly land on the back of a sleeping coot. “It’s what I did with my first record—I just kind of wanted to make the classics.”  Petras’ love  of pop came early. She danced in her childhood bedroom in Cologne, Germany to Madonna, binge- watched MTV (“the only channel that wasn’t dubbed”),  and picked up some English from Britney Spears interviews before finally making her own 5,684 mile migration to Los Angeles, where she began working with producer (and now roommate) Aaron Joseph. The pairings’ first collaboration resulted in Petras’ first big Soundcloud release, “STFU.”  Soon, Petras’s vocals and hard work caught the attention of Lukasz “Dr. Luke” Gottwald, the controversial producer known for his work with Kelly Clarkson, P!NK, Katy Perry, Avril Lavigne, Taio Cruz, and of course, Kesha—producing or sharing credits on all of her “Era 1” singles as well as Turn Off the Light, Vol.1.  MARC JACOBS dress and CUSHNIE shoes. Petras has remained neutral on allegations against the producer, saying in a personal Twitter statement after pushback from fans last summer, “While I’ve been open and honest about my positive experience with Dr. Luke, that does not negate or dismiss the experience of others, or suggest that multiple experiences cannot exist at once.”  “Right now,” she tells me continuing our conversation  on music, “pop is boundaryless. It is constantly changing and evolving—it’s almost as if there isn’t a genre anymore that is singularly just ‘pop.’ Really anything that is culturally relevant and that people want to sing along at the club to, in a way, is pop music.”  Many outlets like Noisey and Billboard were quick to name Petras a breakout popstar, but they may have underestimated her breadth. Take her surprise full-length, critically-acclaimed mixtape, Turn Off the Light, Vol. 1 which dropped on October 1, 2018; a spooky, dark, and festive Halloween-themed collection of songs featuring a cameo by legendary vamp and quintessential Hollywood spookstress Elvira, Mistress of the Dark.  “I wanted to make a Halloween record, because I feel  like everybody makes Christmas records but nobody makes Halloween records,” she says, before explaining her obsession with the holiday, horror movies, and her longtime admiration of Elvira. The eight track mixtape includes eerie bangers like “Close Your Eyes,” “TRANSylvania,” and “Boo! Bitch!”  “One of my dreams is to play a Halloween tour in a bunch of churches and graveyards. I would love to do that, and I’m currently looking into making it happen,” Petras says, before telling me that Turn Off the Light, Vol. 2 will come out October  1, 2019, further  solidifying herself as a true Halloween Kween.  Or, as she mused to  Paper, “maybe I could be the Paris Hilton of  Macabre.”  DRIES VAN NOTEN suit, PIERS ATKINSON headpiece, VEX gloves, and APM MONACO earrings “I think a lot of people love Halloween so much because they feel like it’s the one day where dressing up is allowed,” she says. “But I strongly disagree. I feel like every day for me is about fashion, and dressing up.”  Although Petras has had a slew of notable looks in  her videography,  shoots, and public  appearances, one  of the most recent  ensembles perhaps  best encompasses  her inimitable style:  thigh-high God Can’t  Destroy Streetwear  Jigglypuff boots, a  matching Jigglypuff  purse, a black Daisy second skin jumpsuit,  and styled bright  yellow hair. Petra’s  captioned the look,  “JIGGLYTHOT.” She  looked like Venus Sailor from Sailor Moon come to life. (The anime is a favorite of Petras’.)  “I used to get bullied when I was younger for wearing, like, pink latex dresses to school,” she says. “I would get judged really hard on that and get into trouble because I was dressed quote- unquote ‘slutty’ or you know ‘crazy.’ So I think Halloween is like, look, we’re all family here.”  After supporting Troye Sivan’s Bloom Tour this past fall, headlining Sydney’s Mardi Gras Party, and opening a handfu l of shows for Rita Ora’s Phoenix World Tour, Petras is preparing for her first solo tour, following the release of her first album. Until then, she’s booked headlines at a slew of Pride festivals, including the biggest—New York City’s WorldPride Pride music festival, commemorating the 50th anniversary of the Stonewall uprising. “I definitely want to cross over and perform the biggest gig that I can do, but [gay clubs and events] will always be home for me, and will always be really fucking fun for me to play,” she tells me.  In a recent interview with Junkee, Petras elaborated on being pigeon-holed as an artist, saying, “I wanna really piss a bunch of people off with my existence... most importantly, I just want to write hit songs. That’s always been my number one thing. I just wanna be in the studio writing absolute, undeniable bangers that can play at any party.”  Petras’ latest single, “Broken” drops this month and is the beginning of a seemingly never ending supply of bangers the 26-year-old gifts her fanbase on a nearly monthly basis.  “I was cheated on just before I went on tour,” she tells me. “The easiest thing for me to do was to just bury myself into my work and just work and think about it as little as possible.  A lot of the songs [on the new album] have that emotion coming out after trying not to feel anything, because I was just excited do my job during my breakout year.”  While “Broken” is at its core a song about heartbreak, Petras beams resiliency. Her next era, “Era II,” is infused with nostalgic R&B influences and splashes of trip-hop. Some standout lyrics: Hope you’re happy with your new bitch/ How  you livin’?/ I’m in Paris in Marc Jacobs / life’s amazing.  “Somebody really broke my heart,” she tells me, “but at the same time, I love my life. It’s incredible,  and I’m totally coo l by myself. So the song has this braggy and  fun take on heartbreak. The whole new album is a much more personal look into my life.”  Petras is being shuttled in an Uber from her apartment in Toluca Lake when our call comes to an end. She and Aaron Joseph are threading the 745 foot notch of Cahuenga Pass on the busy 101 to her studio in Hollywood. It’s late afternoon on a Friday, and Petras plans to spend the evening, perhaps even the weekend, “working out the problem of one of the most tedious new songs on the album.”  I gather my notebook, pen, and recorder. I slip on my shades and walk towards the Lady of the Lake statue, watching tourists in campy swan boats pedaling across the water. A group of 20-somethings sit on a blanket on the grass below the fairy duster palms to my right. They are playing music from a Bluetooth speaker. They are sipping wine from red plastic cups.  As I stare at the lake and watch the spectacle, one of the songs that eventually comes snapping from their speaker is, coincidentally, Petras’ “Heart to Break,” which is her most popular track, now at nearly 19 million streams. “Butterflies,” Petras sings, Every time / gonna give you my heart to break / Devilish, every kiss / gonna give you my heart to break.  I spot what must be fifty more of the brave painted ladies bobbing like air buoys over all the park, covering miles and miles and miles on their northward voyage. They are forthright and fearless and I am proud of every single one of them. 6/11      Nashville, TN @ The Basement East 6/12      Atlanta, GA @ Center Stage 6/14      New York, NY @ Irving Plaza 6/15      Silver Spring, MD @ The Fillmore Silver Spring 6/17      Philadelphia @ Theatre of Living Arts 6/18      Cambridge, MA @ The Sinclair 6/20      Chicago, IL @ Lincoln Hall 6/21      Minneapolis, MN @ Fine Line Music Café 6/24      Los Angeles, CA @ The Fonda 6/25      Los Angeles, CA @ The Fonda 6/26      San Francisco, CA @ Mezzanine 6/27      San Francisco, CA @ Mezzanine Kim Petra’s tour sold out in a few hours, tour dates have been added in another show has been added at Los Angeles’ The Fonda Theatre and  in San Francisco. The Atlanta and Philadelphia performances have also been moved to bigger venues. You can get up-to-date information on Kim’s tour routing and ticket availability by heading over to her website: https://kimpetras.com/   Photographer: Julian Buchan.  Flaunt Film directed by Devin Kasparian Stylist: Chris Horan at Tomlinson Management Group.  Hair: Iggy Rosales using Hidden Crown Extensions and Bumble and Bumble at Opus Beauty.  Makeup: Melissa Murdick using Armani Beauty at Opus Beauty.  Location: No Vacancy, Los Angeles. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by Max Montgomery I’m Lauren Halsey: a heavyweight Funkateer/afronaut throwin’ down the science friction, and good-time hand-clapper for the bomb squad—Parliament Funkadelic. PFunk is praxis; PFunk is lyfe. GFunk and my father gifted me Dr. Funkenstein when I was 7 or 8 & I’ve been pledgin’ allegiance to The Holy Funk ever since. The mothership landed in my home in downtown South Central to shape n empower my imagination as a yung black girl Funk Cadet getting into her Funketelechy almost daily. They blew the cobwebs out of my mind by the time I was 13. Early on I was deep into the PFunk spacemaking that was happening seamlessly on the many scales of their infinity worlds (outerspace, ancient Egypt, time, myth, blackness, queerness, etc). The band beamed me up and into portals of Chocolate City where I was kiccin it with cro-nasalsapiens/pharaohs and duckin’ sir nose n tha UnFunky Ufos of tha nose zone—all of this without ever having to leave my bedroom. How ’bout that? Their technicolor cosmology left me totally transformed. As a visual artist, I’m inspired by George’s gorgeous assemblages of geography; his remixes and samples of place, space, texture, form and time. Parliament Funkadelic’s complex analogies made between earth and their fantastical outerspace and aqua worlds challenged my perceptions of possibility and futurity as it relates to creating empowering black spaces in my art practice. I sat down with Doctor Funk hisself, George Clinton, ahead of his One Nation Under a Groove Tour (which he says will be his last) to chat about summaeverythang. Here it is:   So, funk... My dad would buy mix CDs from the dude at the bank ’round the corner. He always had P-Funk. I think about funk and what it means—and it means so much. Through you it’s destination; it’s outer space; it’s underwater; it’s paint the White House black; it’s pyramids; it’s outfits; it’s freedom.  It’s social, you know? Metaphorically, just freedom from all of it. It’s anything it needs to be, you know, to help you live. To get over the hump. It’s a rhythm. They say dance on the water and not get wet. You seen these people, they could maneuver through the ghetto and not even been seen, don’t get in no trouble. Even if they don’t live there, certain people just know how to mingle with flow-through and get a good vibe with everybody. Then you got the funk. You can actually “use the force Luke” kinda-type-thing. And people party. When there’s music everybody join in that pocket.  When it’s social they just hang loose and relate to each other and don’t fear each other. You know, and trying to respect. It comes natural.You don’t think of defending yourself first. Lot of places you go can make you say, “I gotta watch my back.” But when you’re not threatened you can also keep a lot of threatening things away from you— when you know how to be non-threatening, you know? And usually a happy face is non-threatening.  I also think of how you guys were aesthetic game-changers in so many ways. Obviously I wasn’t there, but I’ve watched as much as I can on YouTube; I hear stories from people that saw your Funk operas, in ’77 at the Coliseum for example. My dad tells this great story of you guys and all the, like, P-Funk Dignitaries coming out and waving the flag. You know, all of this stuff.  The one nation flag! We had our little brothers play in the band, which was Funkadelic. Then Bootsy [Collins, guitarist] pops up. So they got they own band. So it’s like ten of us and ten of them. So there was twenty of us now. So it becomes a thang. It’s no longer just a group singing. It was a show. And we had to put on a show.  You know, we saw Pink Floyd do The Wall. And we saw the Beatles do Sgt. Pepper. They were like pop operas, rock operas. We said we were going to do a funk opera. ’Cause we knew everybody in Hair.They copied us when they did Hair.They copied the way we dressed. You know, we was already funky black kids, dudes in a tight band from Motown. So they pretty much did the same kind of look. And after that, I said—when I changed from Parliament to Funkadelic, with the sheets and diapers—when it was time to change again, I had to go back to glitter. I wasn’t going back to the suits. I had to get the spaceship and all the leather and those costumes. Like a Broadway play. We get Larry LeGaspi, who did the costumes for Kiss and all those Broadway plays. He made our costumes. He made Patti LaBelle’s.  Wow. And so in the universe of all that, with like 90 million of you guys and all this beautiful energy, how do you write a song? How do you come up with characters? Are you guys just freestyling off of it?  Yeah, freestyling. They come up with a track or a groove. Then we just design shit around it. You know, sometimes I’ll have a song already that I did a capella, like “(More Than) Knee Deep”: [sings] She’s a freak. Never miss a love beat. Not just knee deep. She was totally deep when she did the freak with me.  I used to sing that fishing. I never thought about recording. Because it went there, “Round and round the floor we danced,” as a waltz. So I figured you can’t put that on no record. And one of the guys in the band say, “You need to record that, man.” I said, but it’s 3⁄4 time, you know. He said, “It can be arranged, man.” He had me do it a capella on a tape, and then he come back with the music all finished. And all I had to do was sing it, just like I was singing before.  How did you come up with the characters? There are so many...  When we get a concept like Motor Booty Affair—underwater boogie, all the different fish-related jokes—once you start it, everybody’s got a joke. You throw a concept up in the air and people just, ping, throw shit at it. The stupider it gets, the funnier it gets. How far can you make it outlandish and still relate to what we talking about? So, you know, metaphors and puns. Just hang loose. You have to be sharp. Sometimes we go way out there and make it relate—and dumb at the same time.  So, Trombipulation... why did you go to Egypt? I think I know, but I just want to hear you say it.  Well, that was Sir Nose. Sir Nose was trying to trace his family roots back to longer than Dr. Funkenstein. Dr. Funkenstein cloned him, he don’t even know.  Yeah, the Cro-Nasal Sapien?  The Cro-Nasal Sapien. You know what I’m saying? I feel like that was a nice little concept. I was dealing with DNA. In ’76 nobody knew what that was... cloning or DNA, they didn’t know nothing about DNA until O.J. [Simpson]’s trial. That’s the first time that became a subject, where people wanted to know what’s a DNA. It became like the new fingerprint. Prior to that, The Clones of Dr. Funkenstein was the only place you would have heard of that. And I just found the book on a train, and I just read the story, and just adapted it to something Dr. Funkenstein would do. He would create people in his image...  Photographed by Max Montgomery And so, for this new tour, your last tour—how does it feel?  Man it’s getting wild. They’re trying to tell me I can’t quit. You know, it’s so much fun. Getting ready to go to Australia with the Chili Peppers, coming back here to go out with Dumpster Funk, Fishbone. Ah, man. Ah, damn. Galactica. The One Nation Under a Groove tour!  So the legacy is going to continue?  They got an album out... Medicated Fraud Dogg.  Oh, that’s crazy. So, what is the day-to-day going to be like for you now that you’re going to be off the road after this tour? What are you excited to do? I know you love fishing.  We’re doing a cartoon thing, Dope Dogs. It’s about these dogs and they all have a different relationship to dope. One is a police, one works with the dope dealer, one is the laboratory dog where they test drugs on him. So you got all these dogs and when they get together they try to change society.  When does that come out?  Well, we just got done talking to the different companies about it, you know? We got the police dog, U.S. Customs Dope Dog, nicknamed Buster. Like most dope sniffing dogs he has a habit, trained to have a habit because they track them like a rabbit up the coastline. K9 dope dog retriever, receiver of the golden nose award. Cashing in on the cash, never do he do a line on the line of duty. He’s a dope dog. A U.S. Customs dope dog. Tracking  the smells and tacking and tracking down the cartel. Big dope. Never a gram, o-z or kilo too low key. Got to be tons of people below, bells of lumber. Other dogs don’t have to smell. Big Banks, banking all the dirty money, but not stinky. As the wind blows he gets a sniff and just follows his nose.  Well, thank you. You are one of my biggest inspirations. I didn’t watch cartoons, I listened to Funkadelic. It made me want to make Art and sculptures and black mermaids and waterfalls, ya know?  Damn.  I know you get that all the time, but thank you.  Thank you.  Photographer: Max Montgomery.  Flaunt Film Directed by: Matilda Montgomery Groomer: Frankie Payne at Opus Beauty.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   ELLERY top, SALVATORE FERRAGAMO overalls. In January of 2018, Betta Lemme appeared on the Italian talk show Che tempo che fa. She was there to perform her recent smash hit, “Bambola.” Guitar in hand, she ran around the stage in a glittery black jumpsuit, waving to the audience, jumping around, smiling. She looked like a seasoned vet, crushing it in front of an audience of millions. You’d never guess it was her first show. Ever. Currently, “Bambola” is sitting at 52 million views on YouTube. The video dropped in November of 2017, followed by  a titular three-song EP. The EP, along with Lemme herself, is a love-child of ’60s orchestral rock and early 2000’s Europop. It’s as if Aqua produced a Dusty Springfield song—or maybe the other way around. Sweeping strings swell into dub drops, fat synths rumble alongside bells and guitars, and drum machines pulse along with tinkling pianos. It’s sung in English, French, and Italian. Like her multicultural, genre-blending music, Betta Lemme is not easy to categorize.  “I look for two things in a song: soul, and production value,” she tells me. “I never wake up like, ‘Today I’m gonna make a super ballad,’ or whatever, I usually just go to the piano or guitar and write some chords. If I don’t picture a movie in my head within the first ten minutes, then the song is thrown out. If that doesn’t happen, it doesn’t light a fire, and I let it go.”  Lemme’s music is certainly cinematic. The big drop on “Give It,” the first single released after the Bambola EP, feels reminiscent of a heist movie—the descending beat and early-2000s bass-synth feels perfect for strutting away from a casino, bag of cash in hand, while a SWAT team pulls up and runs in. Her next single, “Kick The Door,” feels formulated for a fight in the rain, or a car chase through the streets of Paris.  Lyrically, however, Lemme’s music goes beyond Hollywood evocation. “I love songs that make me dance, but still make me cry,” she says. “Bambola” has to do with healthy heartbreak and refusing to be anyone’s doll. In the description for the video for “Kick The Door,” Lemme writes a near manifesto: “The goal of this song is to keep up the tenacity even when you’re scared or uncertain, to fight and kick through anything that gets in your way so you can be the best version of yourself.” Her music is deeply thoughtful, and while highly danceable, is never meant to be basic club fluff.  There’s a lot to keep track of. Lemme’s music is trilingual, which gives her international appeal, but which also makes it difficult to follow her lyrical intent. Her sound is a combination of disparate elements (she calls “Give It” a love-child between Nine Inch Nails and Britney Spears), and that can make it hard to peg. In a world of neatly packaged pop-stars, Lemme can seem capricious. She likes it that way.  “I’m not like Queen,” she says. “Queen sounds like Queen. I’m not really there yet, and I’m not sure I want to be there. I could make music that sounds like Aqua all day, and I could make music that doesn’t sound anything like Aqua all day. I don’t want to be put in a bubble yet. I know bubbles are important. People will ask, ‘Well, what is this?’ But it’s just the music that’s coming out.”  SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO jacket, and ACNE STUDIO pants. A few years ago, Lemme moved to New York City from Quebec after she was denied acceptance into music school. Crushed, she gave up music for nearly a year, but she picked herself up, dusted her knees off, and moved to New York City to chase the dream, completely alone with no real network.  “Making music is kind of like dating,” she tells me. “I hated it.” She met with producer after producer in vain, searching for someone who understood what she meant when she said she wanted to combine Gwen Stefani with Quentin Tarantino. Then, a happy accident: while stopping by a studio to pick up her keys, Lemme ended up co-writing and singing on a Sofi Tukker single, “Awoo.” Although it was a hit, it would still be a full year before she released Bambola.  Eventually, she met producer Rick Markowitz. They had similar tastes—they both loved Missy Elliot and dramatic European pop. “We didn’t always agree,” she says, “but we did agree on luscious, beautiful sounds.” Markowitz brought on Scott Harris, the acclaimed producer of Shawn Mendes and The Chainsmokers, among others. Together they met in the studio, and... sort of just sat there. “The first session was super awkward,” Lemme says. “I ended up reading part of my diary. I was lonely in New York. I was quite sad. We ended up writing ‘Sea Of Silence’ that day.” “Sea Of Silence” became the last song on the three-song Bambola EP.  The marriage of Betta Lemme, Rick Markowitz, and Scott Harris worked. “Bambola” exploded almost immediately, but especially in Italy. Back in 1968, Italian pop singer Patty Pravo had a hit song titled “La Bambola”. Realizing she couldn’t release a song with the same title without at least nodding to Pravo, Lemme sprinkled a few lines from “La Bambola” into the track. This familiarity, along with a fairly commercial drop, made Lemme’s “Bambola” a radio hit in Europe. The video went viral on YouTube.  KENZO dress and GIVENCHY shoes. “I’ve never played a real show of my own,” she tells me, back on U.S. soil. “I’ve only ever played Bambola.” She wants to though, and has plans to launch a tour. “I’m finally starting to write with some people where I’m noticing a common thread—a cohesive sound.” Still, that cohesiveness only lasts for a handful of songs at a time. “But when I take a step back,” she says, “and  I look at all the songs I made in the last year, I see a rainbow. They’re different groups, but they all make sense when they’re together. That’s been a cool thing to discover. I’m still learning about myself.” She has plans to release new singles throughout the summer of 2019. Just recently, she enlisted pop titans Jesse Saint John and Danny L. Harle to write and produce, respectively, a new anthem, “Play.”  Betta Lemme knows what she likes. She likes dramatic, cinematic, yearning, pulsing, international music that blends time and space. She wants to marry Burt Bacharach with Lady Gaga, throw in some Freddie Mercury, maybe invite Abba and Aqua over, and see if Missy Elliott responds. It’s a tall order, and to accomplish it it, she’ll need to understand her own aesthetic and push past the marketers who will inevitably attempt to box up her brand and push it off into the mainstream.  It’s going to take confidence. But anyone who saw her first show—when she emerged from nowhere to stand in front of an audience of millions and brought down the house—knows she’s got what it takes.  Photographer: Heidi Tappis Stylist: Savannah White Hair: John Ruidant using R+Co at See Management Makeup: Deanna Melluso using Lemonhead LA at See Management Location: Mondrian Park Avenue Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Christopher Kane and Dita Von Teese  Christopher Kane at Giorgio’s  Adam Bravin and Bryan Rabin Christopher Kane at Giorgio’s  Christopher Kane at Giorgio’s  Christopher Kane at Giorgio’s  Christopher Kane at Giorgio’s  Skai Jackson Christopher Kane at Giorgio’s  Christopher Kane and Liz Goldwyn at Giorgio’s  Christopher Kane at Giorgio’s  Christopher Kane at Giorgio’s  Christopher Kane at Giorgio’s  Christopher Kane at Giorgio’s  Christopher Kane at Giorgio’s  Christopher Kane at Giorgio’s  Christopher Kane at Giorgio’s  Christopher Kane at Giorgio’s  Christopher Kane at Giorgio’s  Christopher Kane at Giorgio’s  Christopher Kane at Giorgio’s Sometimes the weekend is not enough to get the disco out of you. On a nippy Monday evening a gorgeous crowd of dance-ready-cuties hit up Giorgio’s at The Standard for a party hosted by Christopher Kane. The British designer enlisted the Giorgio’s team of Bryan Rabin and Adam Bravin to help elicit the grooving vibes matched by Kane’s sex positive summer collection filled with  70’s graphics like Joy of Sex emblazoned on his glorious gowns. This was best exemplified on the gorgeous Sharon Ferguson sashaying in the designer’s HORSEPOWER dress.  The feeling was so different with the festive spirit in full swing to a room of Marissa Tomei, Camille Rowe, Skai Jackson, Sylvia Hoeks, Louise Roe, and Liz Goldwyn. Without a collection to drop or collaboration to announce, out were the typical parameters of a fashion party, in were that of une soirée sans raison. Bravin’s music swung from 70’s disco musts to 90s house throwbacks. Not your average Monday, but a sensational one, dipped in glamor and too many champagnes!  Photos courtesy of Mark Hunter  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Gentle Fendi  Gentle Fendi  Gentle Fendi FENDI and Gentle Monster collaborative release of one-of-a-kind hyper fashion eye wear collection, GENTLE FENDI. This latest collection is made up of two unisex styles harmonizing innovation and craftsmanship, the two designer’s DNA intertwine to bring an astonishing aesthetic.  GENTLE FENDI NO.1 highlights hyper-fashion metals and acetate designed frames; small shapes and bold logos. GENTLE FENDI NO.2 sports strong fashion with an esay casual look. THe collection is debuting early May at Gentle Monster boutique’s worldwide as well as FENDI stores, and the launch will be held at the New York Soho store. During the launch, the Capsule Collection will be presented alongside innovative video-art by collective Russian artists, AES+F.  The GENTLE FENDI capsule line will be available at the Gentle Monster LA flagship from May 7th, address: 816 S. Broadway , LA 90014.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   HUGO shirt and LEVI’S jeans. PRADA top, shorts, and belt BALENCIAGA coat, shirt, jeans, boots, and earring. OFF-WHITE C/O VIRGIL ABLOH vest and jeans and CONVERSE shoes. PALM ANGELS shirt and pants, NIKE shoes, and BARACUTA hat LOUIS VUITTON suit and shoes. OFF-WHITE C/O VIRGIL ABLOH vest. FENDI jacket, shirt, shorts, and bag and model’s own shoes VALENTINO shirt and shorts. CALVIN KLIEN 205W39NYC sweater and wetsuit. Photographer, Director, Art Director and Producer: Christopher Brenner.  Model: Niko Traubman at IMG NY. Featuring Kennedy Trace Stylist: Henna Koskinen at De Facto Inc.    Grooming: Candice Birns at Nest Artists.    Shot and edited by: Robert Murphy Assistant: Roman Barrett.    Color Corrector: Ricky Lesser Music: Blake Mills "Cheers"  Surf Footage: Andres Rennella Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Louis Vuitton and Javier Mariscal Los Angeles Travel Book  Louis Vuitton and Javier Mariscal Los Angeles Travel Book  Louis Vuitton and Javier Mariscal Los Angeles Travel Book  Louis Vuitton and Javier Mariscal Los Angeles Travel Book  Louis Vuitton and Javier Mariscal Los Angeles Travel Book  Louis Vuitton and Javier Mariscal Los Angeles Travel Book  Louis Vuitton and Javier Mariscal Los Angeles Travel Book  Louis Vuitton and Javier Mariscal Los Angeles Travel Book Neon lights, slogans, shop signs, billboards, and logos, a glaring white light flooding our sky create a visual universe which comes to life in the latest Travel Book by Louis Vuitton. The series has captivated readers for some time, but the newest edition highlights Los Angeles through the raw and uninterrupted lens of world renowned Spanish artist, Javier Mariscal.  Mariscal’s edgy and unbridled style spans multi media and gives one a sense of voyage through 176 pages. Complemented by the memorable moments Mariscal experienced on his fifth trip to the city of angels, the latest Louis Vuitton Travel Book expressed community, freedom, and life.   Images courtesy of Louis Vuitton Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Nikola Vasari, FW19 Multi-brand concept, Faith Connexion, is the creative tribe with a laboratory of young talent experimenting in art, fashion and street culture. Individuality and freedom from a modern perspective comprise the collective ideals for the Parisian house. Opening in 2000, the company rebranded twelve years later upon it’s Groupe Allard purchase. Inspired by music, cinema, theatre, and live performances, Alexandre Allard visualized the future of the global street brand with a first-ever creative director.  Nikola Vasari was appointed creative director at Faith Connexion in September, debuting the first collection under his leadership for Fall/ Winter ’19 at Paris Fashion Week. With previous senior design positions at Balmain and Saint Laurent, and four years as a Faith Connexion collaborator, Nikola stepped into the role with superior craft and creativity. With an articulated vision, Nikola aims to preserve and advance the creative influences that contribute to the brand’s ongoing success. Influenced by the duality of clashing trends, decades, and cultures, Vasari creates timeless garments with modern applications. We spoke with the Parisian creative director to discuss his career, design influences, and relationship with Faith Connexion. After four years as a Faith Connexion collaborator, you were named the brand’s first ever Creative Director. What has this experience been like for you? It was a very exciting period. It helped me prepare for what my position as a creative director is today. It all turned out quite naturally as an evolution of years working together with the brand as part of the collective. I believe these years gave me a strong understanding of what Faith Connexion’s DNA is, what the brand needs to do when looking into the future and the capacity to create a vision for Faith Connexion’s next chapter. How have your past senior design positions at Balmain and Saint Laurent articulated your vision for Faith Connexion? My past work experiences allowed me to grow my expertise as a designer. Even though you have to express something personal in your designs you’re not doing it for yourself (working for a brand). You have to respects the identity of the house, think of the main customers or the relevance it makes through its history. You can also compare it to a love story, and in order to love again after the end of an experience, you must forget about the past and project yourself in the future.  While Faith Connexion is a creative tribe with a multitude of inspirations, what inspires your creative design process? I feel very lucky to be able to express what I’m most passionate about every day at my job. Creativity has always been a very important part of my life. I have to make things all the time. It’s something very instinctive and obsessional sometimes. I like to think of an ideal vestiaire and then deconstruct the concept to apply it on each garment, component, detail…  How do you hope to curate a community of young talent, experimenting in art, fashion and street culture? It has to come from a desire to share a creative expression in the most fields possible. There has to be an evidence… love of creating together. We are in constant research for new collaborators in fashion or arts to grow the Faith Connexion family. It’s a way of building creative bridges, joining forces to produce something unique. Having guest brands contributing or custom artists altering a selection of articles gives the diversity that allows us to express the whole story of our collections. What influences remain a central factor throughout conception and creation? I’m in love with beautiful garments, exceptional products, and know-how. For me, fashion is an intermediary of self-expression. You can build a character through the way you dress. It also has to be real and true to the person!  I want to dedicate myself into surprising our customers and fans of the house through each collection and bring a fun yet elaborated way of dressing the way Faith has been able to do until this day. Describe your runway debut at PFW for FW19. It was a very emotional moment for me. The runway show represents a relatively small part from what we offer to buyers. I wanted to highlight a more nocturnal and let’s say « flamboyant » part that people were maybe not used to seeing from Faith Connexion, which turned in a more stage glam allegory. From the beginning of the creative process, I was inspired by music icons through history and surrounded myself with them. These references included Bowie of course but were also including Nina Hagen, Nirvana or Michael Jackson. How do you envision the future of Faith Connexion’s empire? Faith Connexion is known for its « glitz-and-glam » aesthetic, pieces with luxury fabrications. I want to maintain and reinforce the ingrained codes of the house by bringing new pieces and inspirations that will please our clients. Having a deep understanding of the house’s current challenges both in terms of creation and development will help me to evolve what has gone before while contributing a new perspective and modernity. We started working on big projects that hopefully will create a buzz letting us expand our distribution channels into the international field. We are expecting to expand our worldwide presence overall.   What can you tell us about the upcoming collections for Spring Summer 2020? This is a surprise! You will definitely find the spirit of the Faith Connexion and its street-couture vibe. I also intend to introduce new basics and bring a fresh vision to the collection. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Dita von Teese  Libertine Fall/Winter 2019  Libertine Fall/Winter 2019  Marilyn Manson and Dita von Teese  Ariel Beesley  Sofia Boutella  Michelle Violy Harper Shimizu  Adam Lambert  Libertine Fall/Winter 2019  Libertine Fall/Winter 2019  Libertine Fall/Winter 2019  Libertine Fall/Winter 2019  Libertine Fall/Winter 2019  Libertine Fall/Winter 2019  Libertine Fall/Winter 2019  Libertine Fall/Winter 2019  Libertine Fall/Winter 2019  Libertine Fall/Winter 2019  Libertine Fall/Winter 2019  Libertine Fall/Winter 2019  Libertine Fall/Winter 2019  Libertine Fall/Winter 2019  Libertine Fall/Winter 2019  Libertine Fall/Winter 2019  Libertine Fall/Winter 2019  Libertine Fall/Winter 2019  Libertine Fall/Winter 2019  Libertine Fall/Winter 2019  Libertine Fall/Winter 2019  Libertine Fall/Winter 2019  Libertine Fall/Winter 2019  Libertine Fall/Winter 2019  Libertine Fall/Winter 2019  Libertine Fall/Winter 2019  Libertine Fall/Winter 2019  Libertine Fall/Winter 2019  Libertine Fall/Winter 2019  Libertine Fall/Winter 2019  Fergie  Ariel Beesley  Ariel Beesley  Ariel Beesley  Ariel Beesley On Friday night Johnson Hartig took over the Wilshire Ebell theater to present Libertine’s Fall 2019 offering. The collection continues to build on the designers use of heavy embellishments and the Rock and Roll motif so deeply rooted in the brands heritage. Highlights included malachite patterned dresses, trousers, and shirts. Where rock had so strongly dominated in the brands culture, Libertine has seen a renewal of their brands identity with the addition of the exquisite details B Akerlund leant in the styling of the show. Photo by May He  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Hayden Dunham, Burns Blue. Courtesy of the artist and Company.  Hayden Dunham, v: the return, 2019, video still. Courtesy of the artist and Forty Five Ten. On view now in New York is a 2-story video column with a new artwork commissioned by the enigmatic artist Hayden Dunham. The mesmerizing work follows a dove’s ascent into a goopy, chaotic darkness before it transforms into a single explosion of Gatsby green light.  The work made its debut earlier this month as part of Curyatid, an ongoing video art series commissioned for a two-story column at Forty Five Ten’s New York flagship at Hudson Yards. It will remain on view until midnight, April 30. Curyatid features original artworks by women and gender non-conforming artists each month. The series’ title is a portmanteau of “curated” and “caryatid,” a type of stone carving in the form of a draped female figure that functions as a column in classical architecture. Forthcoming Curyatid artists include Jamilah Sabur, Andrea Bergart, Emily Sasmor, and Amy Globus.  Hayden Dunham. Photo by Christian DeFonte. Dunham brings a background in environmental studies and a lifelong interest of our geological surroundings to her sculpture practice that investigates the relationship between the architecture of the human body and the chemical matter with which it interacts. She has participated in exhibitions and performances at MoMA PS1, Queens; New Museum, New York; Andrea Rosen Gallery, New York; Artist Curated Project, Los Angeles; SIGNAL Gallery, Brooklyn; Company Gallery, New York; Fondation Louis Vuitton, Paris; Red Bull Arts, New York; Times Square Space, New York; Irish Museum of Modern Art, Dublin; and the Barbican, London.  Burns Blue, opens at Company on May 1. 88 Eldridge Street, Fifth Floor. New York, NY 10002.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   NANUSHKA sweater *Spoilers Ahead* What do you do after half your friends are vaporized by a super-villain? The world has been waiting patiently for the answer since last year’s Avengers: Infinity War, where the genocidal warlord Thanos wrecked destruction on the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). Emma Fuhrmann, who plays Ant-Man’s daughter Cassie Lang in the follow-up, has been waiting, too. She hasn’t been allowed to confirm any details about her character until the day we speak. Now, she’s basking in a sense of liberation, and it’s palpable. “It's so crazy to me. I mean, two years having to keep the secret,” she says. “I just want to go out on my balcony and be like, ‘I'm in Avengers: Endgame!!!!’” It’s the afternoon following the big premiere, when Fuhrmann stepped onto the red carpet at the Los Angeles Convention Center in a black Elizabeth Kennedy gown with a flower-adorned bustier. She recently completed this breezy Flaunt photoshoot with make-up phenom and photographer Beau Nelson she says they nailed down more quickly than almost any other she’s done before. The actress from Dallas, Texas, has been coming back and forth to Hollywood with her family since she was an eight-year-old. In Aug. 2018, they decided to make the move to California permanent. But she couldn’t really tell her friends what she was up to. She’s been listed on the movie’s IMDB page, but there was no character name attached. Now, with the veil of secrecy lifted, she’s almost at a loss for words. “I don't even know what to say,” she says. “Like, I can finally talk about it!” GOLDEN GOOSE coat, GERARD DAREL jacket, and RE/DONE jeans. In the movie, Fuhrmann gets to play daughter to Paul Rudd’s Ant-Man. A self-described dramatic actress who made her name taking on complicated characters alongside Morgan Freeman, Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore, Fuhrmann relished her impassioned role on Endgame. “She is sort of a firecracker,” she says of Cassie. “She wants to be like her dad.” One of the plot reveals is that she has to deal with her dad disappearing for five years – and then reappearing. “It's a little bit hard for her to handle,” she says, referring to the spoiler-alert worthy tidbit about her character’s emotional arc. “When she's reunited with him it's like her world, her heart, is put back together.” The emotion she brought to the table for this tender reunion scene was fuelled by the loss of her grandfather, who died five years ago. “It's a long time to be separated from a loved one,” she says. “I just sort of connected to that: If he were able to be brought back to this Earth, what that would feel like? Like, your heart being put back together.” Fuhrmann enjoyed letting loose for the scene and appreciates how the Russo brothers, who directed the film, allowed her do so many different takes – including adlibs. “They just really let their actors thrive,” she says. “It was great.” LEVI’S shirt and pants. Fuhrmann loves how acting allows her fans to connect with what she’s going through. “I can step into these people's shoes, and I know that when people see it on screen, they're going to be able to, too,” she says, “and it's going to impact them in some way.” That’s something she’s had a lot of experience with, like in A Taylor Story (2016), a short where she played a teen who gets cancer. In that instance, she drew on a previous acting experience where she visited girls with the disease to prepare for a role. “Afterwards, we really just use our life experiences,” she says, “because I feel like acting isn't pretending or faking. It's, like, molding what you've experienced into your character.” She grew up quite a bit on the set of The Magic of Belle Isle (2012), working with Morgan Freeman, Rob Reiner and Virginia Madsen. She remembers how Freeman would stay in character, constantly working with the script. Madsen taught her how to be a good cast mate, organizing Mustache Mondays, White Castle Wednesdays and Friday parties. “She was super inclusive to the crew, and to the cast,” she remembers, adding at the end they even rented an ice cream truck. “I learned how to be professional on and off screen from them.” Up until now, her characters have mostly been able to exist in a world that would feel familiar to fans of Juno or Lady Bird. “I always joke that I never play a princess,” she says, “like, ‘Why am I always a tomboy or the bad character?’” Of course, it’s been thrilling for her to inhabit quasi-anti-heroines. But now, she gets to experience the blockbuster rush. ALICE MCCALL top and shorts. Fuhrmann can’t help but think about how, had she made one single move differently (literally), she may never have become an Avengers cast member. She’d been attending what she refers to as “regular high school” in Dallas, but when the summer came around, she decided to really ramp up her focus on acting. So the Fuhrmanns headed back to the City of Angels. “My family came out for the month of June,” she says. “If I hadn't been in Los Angeles at the time, who knows if I'd even have gotten that audition at all.” She’s sure glad she did. After all, working with Paul Rudd was a dream, apparently. “He was the sweetest person in the entire world – so sweet,” she says. “He was such an easy scene partner.”  One thing she marveled at (sorry, I had to), was the CIA-level clandestineness on the project. You can’t blame the producers. After all, even adjusted for inflation, the MCU is far and away the most valuable movie franchise ever to exist. This movie will have an outsized role on the company’s overall balance sheet. “Being on a Marvel set is like a completely different world,” she says. “There's so much secrecy.” To protect plot details, actors don’t even get scripts, and are told relevant information directly. That's known as a run-down. One time when the Russo brothers were giving her and Rudd a rundown, the guidance suddenly interrupted. “I'm so sorry, but can we ask you to step out for a second?” Fuhrmann remembers being asked. “We just have to share some information with Paul. It's confidential.” She understood, and walked out of earshot. “I was like, ‘I understand.’” That’s Marvel for ya. During production, Fuhrmann befriended first assistant director Chris Castaldi. On her last day on set, he arrived at her trailer with nine movie posters in tow. These were being personalized for the big wigs behind the shoot – executive producers, directors, etc. – and Castaldi wanted to make sure she got the chance to sign alongside the top billed talent from the 22-installment run. Fuhrmann felt deeply honored. “I got to sign the posters along with Robert Downey Jr., the six Avengers and all the influential characters who are part of the Marvel Universe,” she says. “I took so many pictures and videos of myself signing the posters. I will never forget that.” Photographed by: Beau Nelson.  Styled by: Brit and Kara at Star Works Group. Hair: Carly Walters Bethel at The Wall Group. Makeup: Beau Nelson using Dior. Set design: Zaid Arriola Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   GUESS t-shirt and jeans. Talent’s own jacket. Kiefer Sutherland has a new record coming out. it’s called Reckless and Me. It’s his second, a follow-up to 2016’s Down in a Hole. Prior to working on this story, I didn’t know Kiefer Sutherland had a second album coming out. I, if I’m being honest, didn’t know Kiefer Sutherland had a first album either. When I was first asked to interview the 52-year-old, I assumed it had to do with a new film or his show Designated Survivor, whose third season is soon to be released on Netflix.  Kiefer Sutherland knows that’s probably your reaction too, and it doesn’t bother him one bit. He’s doing what he loves. He’s staring down his past. He’s staying busy. And though he’s admirably open, honest, and friendly with me, you can tell he can’t wait to add to the 300-plus shows his band has played around the world over the past few years.  Sutherland smokes as we hang out in the music room of his Los Angeles house, surrounded by drool-worthy vintage guitars and an immaculate Hammond organ. He has a tendency to clutch a pillow to his chest during pauses. There’s an ever-so- slight Canadian lilt to his accent when he talks, particularly in words like “ago” and “so.”  Sutherland’s been playing music his whole life, keeping a guitar with him in his trailer as he grew from teen heartthrob  in films like The Lost Boys to starring as Jack Bauer on 24, the  role with which most people continue to associate Sutherland. “Especially on a set,” he tells me, “a guitar’s a companion. There’s so much downtime. Some people write diaries, some people play cards, I always played guitar.”  Talent’s own jacket. It wasn’t until his mid-thirties that he started taking it seriously, writing his own songs, and picking up tricks from the songwriters at Ironworks, the label he started with long-time friend and musician, Jude Cole. He put together a set of songs he hoped he could send to labels for other artists to record. Cole told him he should record them himself. Sutherland demurred.  “I said absolutely not. I was completely aware of the stigma of an actor doing music. I didn’t want to go there,” Sutherland laughs. “Fortunately, Jude knew me well enough. He said, ‘Okay  I get that,’ and we went to a bar and after about three or four drinks it sounded like a better idea.” They recorded a few that Sutherland was proud of. “When they were finished, I had my ‘come to Jesus’ moment. I just really liked them. I realized I was at a place in my life where if everybody made fun of them, there was nothing I could do about that. I had a moment where I knew I could stand behind them.”  Reckless and Me, out late April, is better than you might think. Better than I thought it would be, certainly. You can hear his love for Tom Petty in the chord progressions and his love  for Merle Haggard in the lyrics. He’s quick to modesty. “Out of all the genres of music that I know, Country is the most direct. But there are some people who can put together an idea or a thought so eloquently, and I think you have to strive to get to that. Guys like Bob Segar or Tom Petty—they’re quite direct, but there’s some poetry in their phrasing that I aspire to graduate to one day. I don’t personally believe that I’m there.” He ravishes over a Paul Simon verse he’d listened to earlier in the day. “If I wrote those three or four lines,” he says, “I’d quit.” As a songwriter Sutherland sticks to the personal—true stories about himself, people he knew, people he lost. If you didn’t guess from the albums’ titles, these are songs in the grand country music tradition, typically about a cocktail of bad decisions, heartbreak, drunken regrets, and grieving.  GUESS t-shirt “When I started writing the first record, it was all about the stuff I either wish I had done better or the better things I wish had happened for some of my friends,” he says. “You never sit down at dinner and talk with friends about how fucking great everything is.” Compared to the first album, Down in a Hole, there’s a more topical diversity on Reckless and Me, and a greater sense of optimism, which Sutherland credits to his collaboration with Cole. “Jude’s been a professional, consummate singer- songwriter for 30 years. He’s writing about much more abstract stuff that’s not connected to him, more observations about other people. I took some songs that he was working on or got to a place he was stuck with. Then I would finish it. I was more collaborative on this record than I was the first. So it has more shades to it.”  When I tell Sutherland I notice he’s chosen art forms defined by collaboration, he readily agrees. “I’ve never done  a one man show. The experience of doing 24 was so profound for me, because it just went on and on and on. It was the first time that I felt like I was on a team, because films are too short to develop that. It makes it a lot easier if you know that about yourself. You’re inviting people in instead of fighting people off who want to help. It’s very lucky that I’m at the age that I’m at now. I don’t know if I would have had the wisdom or maturity to do that in my twenties.”  Sutherland’s voice came honestly by its bourbon and nicotine-drenched scruff. He has an admittedly limited range, better on the snarls and the quieter moments than the anthemic choruses. But, unsurprisingly for someone with his background, he conveys emotion easily and earnestly. Produced by Cole,  the backing tracks’ engineering is bright and spare roots-rock, leaving room in the middle of the mix for Sutherland’s vocals. The album is engineered to sound like the band does live, which is exactly the point. “As much as I loved making the record, it was the touring that I really love,” he says. “The whole record was informed by what I really wished I had in my set—more up- tempo numbers, a couple of other holes.”  Talent’s own jacket and shirt. I ask him how he’d sell someone on seeing a Sutherland Concert. He’s blunt in response. “Come on out and have a drink and I’ll tell you some stories and play you some songs. It’s not complicated.” He admits he was nervous when they started touring, sharing stories about himself that he’d protected for years. “I thought mistakenly that my 30-plus years of acting  on stage and in front of a camera would somehow give me an edge in what I do on stage as a musician. It didn’t take me long to realize that I didn’t have a character between me and the audience.”  The response he’s received from this unmediated connection with the audience has been transformative. He tells me about a woman he met after a show, who told him that hearing “Truth in Your Eyes,” a song Sutherland wrote about a friend who died, helped her feel less alone in the  wake of her husband’s death. “One of the worst pains in the world is loneliness, a sense that you’re the only person going through something,” he says. “When you sense other people are going through it, it doesn’t take it away, but it makes it more manageable.”  And beyond that, he just loves touring. Playing the actual shows. Hanging out on the bus. Getting dinner and getting drunk with his band. He knows a lot of people are there to see Kiefer Sutherland rather than the Kiefer Sutherland Band. And he figures some of them are probably rooting for him to fail. “There’s something exciting about knowing that a lot of people are coming to watch a car wreck. But man, I’ve got a kind of confidence about what we’re doing. It makes going out there exciting. Instead of leaning back and worrying about what someone might say, we’re leaning in so far the other way now that it makes us laugh.”  GUESS t-shirt. Right before I leave, before Sutherland walks me through the guitar collection, I linger on something he said a few times—that he knows he’s the luckiest man alive. It’s not that I don’t believe him, or that I think he’s wrong. Rather, when he says it, you can tell that being the luckiest man alive doesn’t bring Sutherland much joy. When I remark that he must like being busy—working grueling 12-hour days on set and squeezing in world tours on the side—he calmly responds, “Sadly, I’d probably drink myself to death if I wasn’t.” There’s a lot of booze pouring through Sutherland’s songs. “Not Enough Whiskey” was his first single. “I’ve found that if I have too much time off...” he laughs wryly. “Well, let’s just say, I’ve made some poor choices.”  But being lucky does have its advantages. “I get to do the things I really want to do,” he says, pulling on his cigarette. “And as much as I’d like to go play golf for three months—and I really would—I would rather play music with my band. The Cause & Effect Issue: Ditto! Photographed byr: Michael Tighe.  Flaunt Film directed by Jesse Dvorak Styled by: Chris Horan at Tomlinson Management Group.  Groomer: Sylvia Viau-Kistler at Cloutier Remix. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Laura Dern and Kristen Stewart  Savannah Knoop, Justin Kelly, Kristen Stewart, Laura Dern, Jim Sturgess, Kelvin Harrison Jr  Kelvin Harrison Jr  Caroline Daur  Savannah Knoop and Bella Thorne   Kristen Stewart and Emma Roberts  Emma Roberts, Kristen Stewart, and Justin Kelly  Rainsford  Justin Kelly, Kristen Stewart, and Savannah Knoop  Bella Thorne and Justin Kelly  Garrett Hedlund  Flaunt and Tequila Herradura host world premiere and afterparty for JT Leroy starring Kristen Stewart and Laura Dern  Jim Sturgess holding court  Justin Kelly and Laura Dern  Bella Thorne  Kristen Stewart and Jim Sturgess  Flaunt and Tequila Herradura host world premiere and afterparty for JT Leroy starring Kristen Stewart and Laura Dern   Justin Kelly and Luis Barajas  Zoe Bleu Arquette, Rodaidh Mcdonald, and Bec Adams  Flaunt and Tequila Herradura host world premiere and afterparty for JT Leroy starring Kristen Stewart and Laura Dern  Flaunt and Tequila Herradura host world premiere and afterparty for JT Leroy starring Kristen Stewart and Laura Dern  Zana Bayne and Ian Scott Dory with friend  Teá Hacic   Archana Lannin and Ryan Austin  Flaunt and Tequila Herradura host world premiere and afterparty for JT Leroy starring Kristen Stewart and Laura Dern  Rodaidh McDonald  Hannah Bhuiya and Laura Beth Schneider  Flaunt and Tequila Herradura host world premiere and afterparty for JT Leroy starring Kristen Stewart and Laura Dern  Flaunt and Tequila Herradura host world premiere and afterparty for JT Leroy starring Kristen Stewart and Laura Dern  Flaunt and Tequila Herradura host world premiere and afterparty for JT Leroy starring Kristen Stewart and Laura Dern  Flaunt and Tequila Herradura host world premiere and afterparty for JT Leroy starring Kristen Stewart and Laura Dern  Dede Bird   Flaunt and Tequila Herradura host world premiere and afterparty for JT Leroy starring Kristen Stewart and Laura Dern  Flaunt and Tequila Herradura host world premiere and afterparty for JT Leroy starring Kristen Stewart and Laura Dern  Flaunt and Tequila Herradura host world premiere and afterparty for JT Leroy starring Kristen Stewart and Laura Dern  Zoe Bleu and her boys  Flaunt and Tequila Herradura host world premiere and afterparty for JT Leroy starring Kristen Stewart and Laura Dern  Flaunt and Tequila Herradura host world premiere and afterparty for JT Leroy starring Kristen Stewart and Laura Dern  Flaunt and Tequila Herradura host world premiere and afterparty for JT Leroy starring Kristen Stewart and Laura Dern  Flaunt and Tequila Herradura host world premiere and afterparty for JT Leroy starring Kristen Stewart and Laura Dern  Flaunt and Tequila Herradura host world premiere and afterparty for JT Leroy starring Kristen Stewart and Laura Dern  Batry Power and Eleanore Guthrie  Lucy Antigone and Billie JD Porter  Flaunt and Tequila Herradura host world premiere and afterparty for JT Leroy starring Kristen Stewart and Laura Dern  Louis-Marie de Castelbajac, Matthew Bedard and Luis Barajas  Flaunt and Tequila Herradura host world premiere and afterparty for JT Leroy starring Kristen Stewart and Laura Dern  Flaunt and Tequila Herradura host world premiere and afterparty for JT Leroy starring Kristen Stewart and Laura Dern  Flaunt and Tequila Herradura host world premiere and afterparty for JT Leroy starring Kristen Stewart and Laura Dern  Flaunt and Tequila Herradura host world premiere and afterparty for JT Leroy starring Kristen Stewart and Laura Dern  Flaunt and Tequila Herradura host world premiere and afterparty for JT Leroy starring Kristen Stewart and Laura Dern Ever the fans of gender benders and queer identity mix and matching, Flaunt moseyed down Sunset Blvd last night to Arclight Cinemas, alongside our pals Tequila Herradura , to host the world premiere of JT Leroy, starring Kristen Stewart and Laura Dern. The dramatic effort tells a close to home Hollywood tale (as the film poster boasts: "based on the incredible true lie") of literary hoaxing and disguise throughout the entertainment circuit by one Savannah Koop (the lauded JT LeRoy to some), who co-wrote the film with director Justin Kelly, both gleefully present of course.  Following the premiere, we popped to the venerable Beauty and Essex up the street for a jubilant film-meets-fashion-meets-art-meets-literature reliving of an elegantly messy 90's era of Hollywood excess. Kristen Stewart and Laura Dern were joined by cast mates Kelvin Harrison Jr and Jim Sturgess, along with pals Emma Roberts and Garrett Hedlund. There were Queens, there was influence, there was pretty, there were piercings, there was live action wrestling... all to the tune of DJs Liam Casey, Dede Bird, Rodaidh McDonald, Bec Adams and Zoe Bleu. Biggest of ups to Universal for getting behind this rad flick, and special thanks to Katrina Wan PR and all who came out to defy the ever-boring status quo!  Photographed by Sean Behr and Rodin Eckenroth Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Staples Edition by Louis Vuitton  Staples Edition by Louis Vuitton  Staples Edition by Louis Vuitton  Staples Edition by Louis Vuitton  Staples Edition by Louis Vuitton  Staples Edition by Louis Vuitton  Staples Edition by Louis Vuitton  Staples Edition by Louis Vuitton  Staples Edition by Louis Vuitton  Staples Edition by Louis Vuitton  Staples Edition by Louis Vuitton  Staples Edition by Louis Vuitton  Staples Edition by Louis Vuitton  Staples Edition by Louis Vuitton Louis Vuitton just released Staples Edition by Louis Vuitton. A concept that was developed by the Men’s Artistic Director Virgil Abloh, the range is inspired by the idea of men’s wardrobe staples. The line includes the essential garments and accessories that create the foundation of men’s dressing all easily identifiable by the LV logo metal staple nailed onto the garment, the classic house leather taps and the leather printed manual attached to a carabiner. Though classic in design the elevated use of cuts, techniques and fabrications amplify the luxury construction. The garments are made with a range of luxe cottons, cashmere, denim and leather in hues of neutrals from off-white and taupe to grey, blues, and black. The full collection hits stores in May Photos courtesy of Louis Vuitton Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   PREEN BY THORNTON BREGAZZI dress and SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO shoes. MARC JACOBS sweater, blouse, pants, and shoes. VERA WANG dress and shoes. LOUIS VUITTON jumpsuit, top, and shoes. CHANEL shirt, pants, belt, and earrings. CHRISTOPHER KANE jacket and skirt. PACO RABANNE dress, top, skirt, and pants. LOUIS VUITTON jacket, pants, and shoes and N°21 harness. ALEXANDER MCQUEEN dress, shoes, necklace and earrings. Photographed: Cameron Postforoosh.  Model: Ali Michael At Next Management.  Styled: Yana Kamps At Defacto.  Hair: John Ruidant At See Management.  Makeup: Rei Tajima.  Photo Assistant: Yolanda Leaney.  Casting: Edward Kim.  Set Design: Zach Cryder. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017        Jean-Charles De Castelbajac is a renowned artist and designer approaching craftsmanship with vibrant color. A pillar in realms of fashion and illustration, he’s accomplished well deserved international success throughout his career. Beloved by the Flaunt family, Jean-Charles collaborated on our Oh La La Land cover, and celebrated his book launch, Fashion, Art, & Rock’n’Roll, back in Paris of 2016. More recently, he was appointed the artistic director of United Colors of Benetton- a seamless fit as a connoisseur of pop, and timeless fashion. With warm seasons approaching, JCDC collaborated with Vilebrequin on a summer capsule collection for men and women. Inspired by ‘60s superheroine Pravda la Survireuse, Jean-Charles created the collection with strong women in mind. The power of pop and primary colors interact with innovative designs; deconstructing traditional swimwear norms and stimulating an energy of balance. At The Webster SoHo capsule launch, I sat down with the king of color to discuss the collection’s creation process and synergy. Developing a concept and method often intrigue your chosen medium. How did the ‘60s superheroine, Pravda la Survireuse, spark your intrigue for this collaboration? You know, I always liked a Superpower woman. I think it was an epic vision of femininity; it was very contemporary. A revolution, for me, was Charlie's Angels, and I think it's a good time not to be nostalgic or melancholic of the past, but it's a good time to bring back some flashing lights--a spirit, of femininity. Actually, that's why I based my concept on it.  What did your design process encompass while aiming to redefine and deconstruct traditional swimwear silhouettes? Swimwear is a territory where inventivity is a bit short--it’s always chic minimalist and I wanted to drop that concept where I can use my creativity. So, I have tried to reinvent the way of the double bikini; the black one with the rainbow coming out and the one with the zipper. I like being a bit playful, you know, not just feminine--that was my idea. With your use of primary pop colors, a sense of balance remains. How would you describe your formula for that balance? Actually, it's now almost 50 years that I’ve been doing this work, so in 50 years, when you have a very specific DNA, this kind of self-vision imposes on you to reinvent yourself permanently. And people generally seem to reinvent themselves: they are going through so many styles. I know so many designers, and one season they will do cowboy and another season they will do haute couture, and then they will do Lolita. I always believed that I preferred style to fashion. My territory of expression is very specific, but it's very disseminated. I work always with the DNA of the company, and I'm working now with Benetton. Benetton is a huge territory because I have 260 assistants, so it’s 40 years of history beneath them. But always, I consider it that something is achieved when you don't know the frontier between the collaboration and me. It's really the intelligence of my style, I think. Because it's very easy to put two names next to one and to provoke something. But this is not my idea of design. My design is like the sweater I'm wearing: I designed it in ‘82 for Iceberg and it’s still cool tonight. And even if it's a very strange design, it passes better in time than things that are more classical.  Do you have a favorite  piece from this collection?  I love my bikini. To design a bikini, it’s like for a contemporary designer to design a chair: there have been so many versions. Some people have said, ‘Oh, it's a monokini, it’s a bikini…’ I want it to be useful and sometimes women were a bit too large or who don’t have the shape, and they hesitate, and I wanted to create all sorts of them. Because to be a designer today, it's to do everything with a kind of conscience. To do a good design is very important, and it's funny because my work is very colored and pop, but behind, it's good design; this is what I'm the most proud of. Because when it's a good design, it’s passing age. I can see, for example, all the pieces that will be at the Met in the “Camp” exhibition, like the teddy bear coat. The teddy bear coat I designed the same year--’82, but it's still cool now. I think, too, when design is approached from a lighthearted stance, it becomes less serious, less definitive to a trend or specific time. Today, the big problem of fashion is that it's going faster than the speed of life. But very strangely, it goes way back; it's like you're rewinding, there’s a lot of copies and things like that. There is an investigation of the story of fashion. I think now is a good time for a revolution. This revolution, for me, is to do very creative things in good quality and in a democratic price because it's too much time of frustration for the kids. They go by the inside of their clique, and they want to buy things and it’s a fortune. That’s the second step of my project. This is Benetton, and Benetton is a big success now because it’s a good brand, it’s a good name with good quality and we are coming out soon. For example, our first T-shirt will be costing $12 with a good design and a little detail, and we will have a range of price to $300. But most of all, for example, the knitwear is $79 for pure wool--something like that. When I used to do it at Iceberg, it was like $700-$800. Now, 40 years after, I produced it in the best wool for $79. Benetton is extraordinary: it’s haute couture for all. That would be my next revolution because, after 50 years of design, I am not into the challenge of doing haute couture--it’s not worth it. Because, for the kids, they have to go to fast fashion. So fast fashion defines sometimes a little caption, or they grew up too close to the sports brand. But they don’t have a place where they can find continuity, good collaboration. I love to do this and I love to be back in New York because it has been the first city who loved me.  New York always understands my difference; nobody's strange in New York. To shop Jean-Charles De Castelbajac x Vilebrequin click here. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Claudia Li is a New York-based designer that combines artistic design with creativity and craftsmanship. Li studied fine arts at Central Saint Martins before completing her MFA in fashion at Parsons School of Design. After working at Haus of Gaga under Brandon Maxwell, and as a womenswear designer at J.W. Anderson, Claudia launched her clothing line in 2015. An artist in true form, Claudia utilizes her knowledge in the arts to create garments that reflect moments of personal nostalgia; each collection paints an allegory of emotions and experiences through an abstract lens.  With an evolving approach to silhouettes, prints, colors, and textures, Li became recognized as a Forbes 30 under 30 honoree as well as a finalist for the International Woolmark Prize in 2017. In September, Claudia created more media buzz for casting all Asian models for her Spring Summer ’19 show, and again for Fall Winter ’19 at New York Fashion Week. In efforts to support the industry’s diversity, Li hopes to change conversations on how Asian women are represented in western society. More recently, Claudia’s current collection is a part of an ongoing CFDA pop-up at Fred Segal in Los Angeles. We spoke with Li to discuss the evolution of her career, creative influences, industry diversity, and new pop-up. Tell us about the inception of your business. I’m incredibly fortunate to have grown up with the parents that I did.  On my mother’s side of the family, everyone is an artist of some sort, and my dad is an art dealer, so creativity wasn’t something they taught me – it was baked into the way that they lived, and it was normal. They have always believed and supported my decisions, but my Dad, to this day, still tells me that my life would be much easier if I painted or followed his path. By age 19 I had lived in a variety of cities across the South Pacific, and Europe seemed like the next sensible step. So I left home and moved to London. I studied at Central Saint Martin’s for Fashion Design, and it felt like a natural evolution. I didn’t have a master plan; I just wanted to be there, push myself and see what came of it. I was recommended to the Parsons MFA program by my pattern making professor at CSM. In 2012, I moved to New York, and it was one of the best career-defining decisions I’ve made. After graduation from Parsons, I accepted an internship and worked for Brandon Maxwell. At the time, he was Lady Gaga’s stylist and had not yet started his own line. I had been studying design for so long, so I wanted to challenge myself and see what styling was like. I am incredibly thankful to Brandon, not only because I learned so much during the internship, but for his kind and sensitive demeanor, which I frequently remind myself of when working with my own team.   After seeing my graduation work, I was approached by J.W. Anderson to work on a few projects, which ultimately led to a job offer as their Womenswear Designer in London.  When I turned 26, I asked myself a question: Are you comfortable? My answer was yes. And it freaked me out completely. I felt like if I had stayed in London and didn’t start something of my own, I would stay “comfortable” for a very long time. That was never what I wanted for my life, and I just did not feel like myself. So I moved back to New York in 2015 and started CLAUDIA LI. What does your creative process look like? My collections have always been very personal, and I want to be able to express myself as I did with painting. My memories and nostalgia always inform the inspirations. A photograph, a piece of paper with my handwriting, a dried flower that was kept inside a book I never finished.  From there we expand our research, and it can be anything, we find words, images, objects, crafts… the more, the merrier!  There are three of us on the design team, and we have so much fun working together. I really like the dynamic of my team; we go off and do our own research and then bounce ideas off of each other. We also love to do experiments, so the studio sometimes is filled with water buckets and paints and flowers… For example, for the Pre-Fall collection, we used vegetable prints, which is a printing technique we did in kindergarten. We gathered all kinds of vegetables and fruits, cut them and started printing, and pressing them onto paper--it was really fun.  For us, it comes down to how creative you can get while experimenting and exploring ideas, but then how you organize it and narrow it down to make a wearable collection.  How has your background in fine arts influenced your designs?  Both painting and fashion design are outlets for creativity and self-expression.  Painting is very personal, and once you’ve finished a piece it really belongs to the world, and the people engaging with it can ascribe their own thoughts or feelings to it.  It’s no longer yours.  Fashion is such a different thing – it starts in the same place, but you can’t simply create clothes to please or express yourself only, because the whole endeavor is contingent on people choosing to buy them.  You need to create a product that connects with a customer and taps into her value system, and into her life.   The very beginning stage of my design process is pure self-expression; we research and experiment without restrictions or rules, create our own prints/techniques and have enormous color palettes. But when we start designing the actual clothes and narrowing/organizing our thoughts/ideas, it evolves into fashion design- into clothing for women who have real lives, real desires, real thoughts, and real opinions.  Are there any specific artists or art movements that inspire you most with your prints? Henri Matisse. He was my childhood hero. I think a huge part of that was because of my mother. Her closet, her garden, her kitchen… were all filled with vivid colors and different shapes and patterns.   Tell us about your new CFDA pop-up at Fred Segal. It's my first major retail presence on the west coast; we have a few specialty boutiques on the west coast that sell the collections, but this is the first large retailer.  The CFDA has been really supportive of the brand. They approached me in December about their pop-up at Fred Segal. It's a really crowded market, and I think it's really awesome that the CFDA supports the retail side of emerging brands and younger designers.  This will also be my first trunk show. I'm really excited to meet my customers and hear what their feedback is. I think the west coast clientele is really different from New York and everywhere else, and it’s important to get to know the various customers and markets. We also made a few exclusive styles for Fred Segal which I am very excited about.  In September, you made headlines for casting all Asian models for your runway show. How did this draw attention to the lack of diversity in fashion? The casting was a choice that for me was very personal. But of course, in the world we live in, the personal is inherently political.  Representation is not equal in any industry, certainly not fashion; Asian models are still too frequently used as a token to check some politically correct diversity quota.  I knew that we would raise some eyebrows, but the volume and depth of the response took my entire team by surprise.  I’ve been receiving very heartfelt, personal messages from women on Instagram.  I would be blind to ignore the fact that, yes, it certainly helped that this tied into a larger cultural conversation that we’re having at the moment about how Asian women are represented in western society.  The momentum was there, and I think a lot of people were ready for it. I can’t speak for everyone, but the most common stereotypes I’ve faced are personality assumptions that are made about you due to being Asian.  It’s automatically assumed that I’m submissive, timid or quiet… or that I’m great at math, or that I play the violin.  It sounds cheesy, and you might roll your eyes, but those stereotypes are very real and faced by a lot of Asian women.   Showing on the runway at fashion week is a global microphone.  Each season we present a vision of style for the upcoming season that we believe in, and there is a real ongoing responsibility that comes with that.   How do you think that will challenge future hiring processes for models in the future? The industry is changing. Most brands are casting different types of models, different body shapes, different personalities, different ethnicities; and once it becomes the norm, that's when we made a difference. We are still far away from that norm, but I want to keep being a part of that process.  What future envisions do you have for your brand? I want to build a Claudia Li tribe! The women who respond to my clothing have a global appreciation for design.  The Claudia Li woman dresses to please herself and is not trying to impress anyone else in her life. She is multi-faceted, has a passion and a career.  She’s quite strong but at the same time, can be very carefree and spontaneous, very much like myself! Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Released in 1989, Madonna’s fourth album Like A Prayer could very well be considered the most controversial act she’s ever committed. The ensuing music video for the lead single, and bearer of the album’s name, featured a fantasy about sleeping with Catholic saints, and various Catholic iconography such as stigmata and burning crosses which led to the Vatican condemning the track and Pepsi discontinuing their sponsorship contract with the singer. The backlash didn’t derail the legend-in-the-making, in fact, it only made her stronger; the album received rave reviews from critics, some heralding it as the best work of her career, and it cruised atop the Billboard charts for six straight weeks.  Like A Prayer’s album cover art featured the singer’s exposed stomach covered only by lavish hand-made jewelry crafted by the artist Richard Minadeo, a jeweler who would also work with Madonna for the Like A Virgin album and corresponding tours. If you search through images of the singer from this period, she can often be seen wearing his work. From necklaces and brooches to earrings and wedding shoes, Madonna and Richard Minadeo’s work strutted hand in hand together throughout the late 80’s. And now for the first time in several years, Richard Minadeo has returned, creating a collection exclusively for Resurrection New York.  Minadeo Tiger Eye & Brown Eye Skull Brooch  Minadeo Crown Woman w Red Stones Necklace  The collection is titled Resurrected: Richard Minadeo and the art of Memento Mori: 1980’s and Today, and it features pieces such as a Minadeo jet and rhinestone skull pin, Minadeo skull snake glass eye bracelet, Minadeo crown woman with red stones necklace, and many more.   Minadeo Black & Blue Roman Figure Clip Earrings  Minadeo Blue Bou Crosses Clip Earrings-2-2 Resurrected: Richard Minadeo and the art of Memento More: 1980’s and Today opens April 23rd and runs through May 15th, in conjunction with Bad Taste: Fashion of Note. His jewelry will also be available for sale at ResurrectionVintage.com  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Esme Creed-Miles  ACNE STUDIOS shirt available at MatchesFashion. com, FALKE tights, and CHANEL earrings.  ACNE STUDIOS shirt available at MatchesFashion and CHANEL earrings. ACNE STUDIOS shirt available at MatchesFashion. com and CHANEL earrings. For many seasoned actors, a major role in a film or television series usually results in intense preparation, with work often spanning many weeks or even months. Yet for teenager Esmé Creed-Miles, preparation for her titular role in Amazon Video’s major new series, Hanna, was minimal: instinct, rather than rehearsal, drove her process. “I don’t really think you can prepare for anything,” the assured 19-year-old tells me on a bright spring day in North London. “You just have to learn the line as best you can. I work really instinctively. I just kind of do it.”  What Creed-Miles defines as “preparation” is certainly curious. To cope with the intense physical demands of playing Hanna, an “enhanced” human isolated in the deep woods who has inadvertently spent her whole life training to be the perfect assassin, Creed-Miles underwent a lengthy fitness regimen. Before they started filming, the actor had two trainers for  eight weeks; an additional trainer later worked with her on  set between four and six hours each day. When asked if she considers this preparation perhaps too comprehensive, the actor candidly replies, “Not really,” before elaborating further. “I’d never been a sporty person, and it was just a case of doing it for this job. I’d never thought that I would be able to do some of that stuff. The whole thing was pretty useful in terms of character, because I started to discover my physicality in a way I hadn’t before.”  It becomes apparent that Creed-Miles works in a way  which belies her young years. Ripping up the rule-book and determined to follow her own confident path, Creed-Miles prefers to learn just as much about herself as she does about whichever character she depicts. Preparation, she says, is ultimately the antithesis of creativity. “I don’t think you can really prepare for acting, because you have to see what happens on the day in front of the camera and what happens in the room with the other actors. I don’t really get why people use that word in terms of talking about acting. I know some people have rituals  or whatever... it’s just not how I work, so that doesn’t mean anything to me.”  The character of Hanna was originally created by David Farr, and adapted into a movie by Joe Wright. Starring Cate Blanchett and Saoirse Ronan, the film was a critical and commercial success upon its release in 2011. Now, Farr works as an executive producer on the television adaptation, alongside director Sarah Adina Smith. In a recent interview, Farr said  he wanted to tackle the story again because the film “only told  a slice of the story.” Wanting to “go much further” and tell a “deeper story,” the TV series explores Hanna’s relationship  with her father, Erik (played by Joel Kinnaman), and unearths her journey into adulthood. Part thriller, part mystery, part bildungsroman, Hanna must tackle several identities at once: dutiful daughter, curious teenager, dangerous assassin.  ACNE STUDIOS shirt available at MatchesFashion. com, FALKE tights, and CHANEL earrings. Oftentimes, Creed-Miles had to portray these multiple personalities simultaneously. Was conveying the several parts of Hanna’s varied identity a challenge? Creed-Miles replies in the negative. “Any human being on the planet is complex... I sort of feel like she’s just like anybody, because everybody’s got complexities and juxtapositions to them. It wasn’t something I necessarily thought about.”  The greatest challenge, Creed-Miles reveals, was trying  to empathize with Hanna’s seclusion from the world. Raised  in feral woodland, Hanna has few cultural or social reference points to understand modern conventions. “I think the most challenging thing was having to see the world for the first  time through her eyes, because she’s never really experienced anything other than the forest... it’s not something I could draw from my own experience.”  What it did do, she explains, was present a unique opportunity to embody a character unexposed to rigid gender binaries. Playing Hanna allowed Creed-Miles to challenge and subvert the performance art that gender adherence represents. “I don’t actually believe in concepts of gender. I think that sex and gender are two very different things, and that gender is something learnt.”  She continues: “When I was Hanna, in my head I was not considering her to be a woman. I was considering her to be an animal. This was interesting when she does experience a pressure to perform [gender]. She’s very unabashed; she doesn’t have any kind of social or moral filter. That was actually quite liberating rather than challenging because I am someone who has filters, just because I’m a human being in the 21st century.”  Despite the acclaim of her first major break-out role, Creed-Miles doesn’t exhibit the same kind of anxieties many teenage actors collectively suffer. This is probably due to her childhood surrounded by fellow thespians. Creed-Miles’ mother is double Academy Award-nominee Samantha Morton, and her father is Peaky Blinders actor Charlie Creed-Miles. While family connections have helped her, she tells me, work life and family life are kept very separate. “People often end up following in their parents’ footsteps,” she says. “It’s just what you’ve been around your whole life and it’s what you know. I’m really proud of where my parents came from and how hard they worked— especially my mum. I’m not ashamed of that, or the fact that they did open doors for me. But it’s not that I haven’t worked hard.”  CHANEL shirt. Her filmography proves this: she appeared in Harmony Korine’s 2007 film Mister Lonely, and was featured in 2017’s Dark River. Ironically, it is the physical process of acting that Creed- Miles still finds daunting. “I was completely out of my depth the whole time,” she says about filming Hanna, in a sentence which feels at odds with her earlier confidence. The non-traditional route that Creed-Miles took to acting likely spawned this apprehension. “I was quite disillusioned by theatre when I was at school. I didn’t really understand it and I just wasn’t into it. I did a couple of school plays and things but I never had the lead role. I didn’t want to be an actress,” she reveals.  Filmmaking, on the other hand, has continually sparked her curiosity, further encouraged by Hanna’s director, Sarah Adina Smith, with whom she’s developed a close relationship. “I just have such a love of cinema. Films are so powerful, and there are so many performances that I watch and am moved by, so many that have changed my life. Initially, I just wanted to be a part of that rather than act,” she says. Those ambitions aren’t dormant— she has already directed a music video, written a feature, and is soon going into production on a short film.  As a filmmaker, Creed-Miles says she has been well- supported, and she admires the funding that arts receive in the UK. But with brutal cuts to the arts by the current conservative government, Creed-Miles admits that the uncertain post-Brexit future concerns her. “It’s fantastic that we live in the UK where the arts are celebrated and often funded by our government... I feel like that’s not going to be so much of a thing in years to come, depending on where we lean with our politics. I am terrified it will change, but I hope it doesn’t.”  Whilst Creed-Miles says she fears what will happen to  the arts after the UK departs the EU, she also reveals she is disillusioned with politics—something she bluntly admits is in part due to her privileged background. “I’m a hundred per-cent left-leaning, but I think if I’m being perfectly honest, I feel so discouraged by everything that is going on, that I don’t really know how to respond to it,” she says. “I really admire friends  of mine who go on marches and do and say things. I think it’s important to recognize that I am privileged white girl, that none of it really touches me. Cuts aren’t going to affect me and my family. I’m very lucky that I have a house that I live in and food on the table; there’s a lot of people in this country who genuinely are experiencing the repercussions of our government’s actions. I feel like I can’t relate to those problems and I wish I knew more about it and could use my position in order to do stuff.”  YANG LI top and pants and VERSACE boots. Her idea sets off a train of thought. Creed-Miles argues culture can transcend politics and effect change. “Any political agenda can be very esoteric, and I think that what film and characters have an ability to do is make them visceral and completely translatable so that anyone can engage with the idea and be moved by it.” She hopes to see more characters and roles focus on a female point-of-view. Working with a female director has offered her a taste of this. “Sarah is very good at what she does... When you’re exploring any kind of feminist agenda on screen, it’s useful to have women there because they’ll elevate female characters rather than objectify them.”  As talk turns to the future, can she look back on the show now as an achievement, thanks to the positive critical response it has received? “Now that the show has come out, I’m so glad I did it... everyone involved did an excellent job,” she smiles, pleased with her work. “I think people like it,” she adds, humbly, before disclosing her reluctance to read the press on the series. “I haven’t really engaged too much with the reception of it because it’s been so much of my life for the past year, and the thought of opening myself up to the judgement of it is really intimidating.” As for a season two? Creed-Miles laughs. “That’s going to be up to the writers and Amazon. Honestly, I can’t say!” That may be so, but when it comes to her own fate, it’s clear that this confident young woman is wholly in control.  Photographer: Liam Bundy.  Flaunt Film by: Dominic Patrick Clarke Stylist: Hannah Elwell.  Hair: Kieron Lavine using Windle & Moodie at Nylonartists.  Makeup: Kelly Cornwell using Laura Mercier at Nylonartists. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   You can hear it, can’t you? The pulsing, panning synth bass, ingenious and instantly memorable. A gossamer coo, almost a sigh. And then a voice in an unusually high register singing  lyrics full of menace, at odds with a calculated syrupy-sweet, faux-naive intonation: I never walk about after dark / It’s my point of view / If someone could break your neck / Coming up behind you always coming and you’d never have a clue.   Seven years later, its power remains unmitigated. “Oblivion” turned horror into art, and, while drawn from a personal, particular experience, it spoke to a universal pain, a sense of predation and vulnerability all too familiar for women. Most importantly, it is a defiant act of resistance, a steadfast insistence on Grimes’ ownership of her own experience, and a refusal to be silenced. Pitchfork named it the best song of the decade so far. NPR named it one of the “greatest songs by 21st Century women.” Grimes was suddenly a cultural touchstone, a feminist symbol, a cherished member of the resistance. Everyone was watching.  RODARTE cape and blouse. They still are. Look at the Twitter fusillades, the talmudic readings of even the most flippant utterance, the team-joining. Feuds! With contemporaries, the media, her label. Gossip! A storm of it, following her spacetime-warping appearance with Elon Musk on the Met Gala red-carpet. And to hear Grimes tell it, being caught up in all this has been excruciating. She’s said that 2018 was one of the hardest years she’s endured.  When we speak, Grimes is in flux—emotionally, artistically, career-wise. But that’s nothing new. If I was to describe her with one word, I think it would be '“mercurial.” Or “protean.” She never stands still, never settles. She feels less like one person than like a collection of occasionally-combative creative spirits inhabiting one body. Hence the wide cast of characters in her albums, the fashion experiments, the accretion disk of material spanning mediums and genres. As I was writing this article we got word that she has changed her name—to c [lowercase italic], rather than Claire Boucher, and that the Grimes identity she’s built up over the course of her career could be next to go. For a journalist, she’s a tough subject: not only is she encyclopedic in conversation, but by the time you finish your draft, half of what you’ve written may no longer be true. While this capriciousness is a powerful creative resource, it can also make things difficult. She is a hell of a lot of fun to talk to, though—a whirlwind of ideas, opinions, wisecracks, and puckish self-deprecation.  RODARTE cape, blouse, shorts, and shoes. I was given four tracks from the new album to prepare. But when I bring up the first, the disarmingly raw, strange, and lovely “Shall I Compare Thee,” she laughs. “I hate all these songs now. I might even replace them all. I’m supposed to be finishing the album this month or whatever, but I’ve been making a shit ton of new music instead. Which is a really bad idea.” She sighs, thinks for a moment. “But I’ll probably put out the songs that I said I’ll put out.” I tell her that her fans would surely appreciate seeing what she’s been working on. “Maybe, maybe not,” she replies, grinning. “I think the fans want me to stop making metal, nu-metal. Which I will! I have, I have stopped making metal!” Meanwhile, she’s dropping demos for an augmented reality side project under the moniker “Dark,” scribbling away on a novel, and thinking about a suite of “hymns, like glossolalia vocal music,” but which she “probably won’t release as ‘Grimes,’” as she explains it. She has changed her artistic approach, and is intent on unshackling her creative impulses. “I read a book on speed painting, about how you just lay it down and become satisfied with it. So I’m trying to do a bunch of stuff like that right now. It does feel better, because it just contains more life,” she explains. “Shall I Compare Thee” embodies this speed-painting creative methodology: DIY production, recorded in “like, two hours.” But the other single from the album, “We Appreciate Power,” is the opposite. It’s polished to a shine, conceptual, accompanied by a well-produced video. “‘Power’ is sort of the end of the old music I was making,” she says. “This era of super-produced and perfected sound—it’s sort of a thesis on that, a bookend.”  RICHARD QUINN coat and top both available at MatchesFashion.com and MARINE SERRE shoes. She’s eager to explain the concept of the new album. However she feels about the songs at any given moment, she’s clearly excited about the story that they’re telling. “Miss Anthropocene” is a character, essentially an anthropomorphization of the concept of climate change. The name is a witty pun on “misanthropy” and “anthropocene”—the geological era defined by humanity’s irrevocable impacts on the planet. “All the media about climate change is like one big guilt trip. It’s super depressing, like, here are some facts that make you wanna go home and kill yourself. It sucks and it sucks to look at, so people just kind of look away from it,” she says. “I want to change that. In ancient Greek culture you have these gods that represent abstract, terrifying concepts. Like a God of Death. So I wanted to make Miss Anthropocene this idea of, like, the God of Climate Change. She wants the world to end and she wants to bring about the end of humanity, but she’s fun. She’s fucking fun and evil!” Grimes laughs. “Also, climate change is beautiful, even if it’s terrifying. It’s so nice to look at. The sunsets are brighter and more beautiful. Volcanoes, oil rainbows, hurricanes... destruction is gorgeous—people are drawn to it.”  PREEN BY THORNTON BREGAZZI dress and stylist’s own bodysuit Miss Anthropocene marks the end of an era for Grimes. When it’s released she’ll be finished with her obligations to her label, and she’s excited about the prospect of working without contractual restrictions. “I’ll never sign with another label. I’ll never have to put out another album... If I didn’t have this whole requirement to release an ‘album,’ I would have just dropped a bunch of music ages ago.” The album format, she says, feels increasingly ill-suited for her shape-shifting, experimental style. “Albums are trash unless you sit down and make a really good album. I’m not really that consistent. I feel like I would work better in like EP-ish formats.”  ALIONA KONONOVA cape, MARINE SERRE bodysuit, AGENT PROVOCATEUR bustier, and MOSCHINO boots. It’s not the only departure from musical tradition that she’s considering. Touring, she tells me, has increasingly become a stressful obligation. “I wanna retire from touring. I wanna do a hologram tour. Why do we keep doing them for dead artists instead of living ones who have stage fright?” Does she still get stage fright, this far into her career? “Oh my god, yes. It’s nightmarish. Apocalyptic. Terrifying, horrible. I can’t hear clapping or cheers—I just hear an echo chamber of death. I black out. Dissociation—I can’t tell what’s happening. After a show I’m always thinking, What happened? And people are like ‘It’s ok!’ I know people like the authenticity of live performance, and I do too. But I’m not a good performer. I’m a director who accidentally fell into this position, and now it’s too late to change. So I need to Gorillaz it—I need to find a way to not have to do the Beyoncé thing as much.”  MAISON MARGIELA cap. The sense is that Grimes is finished with facades, done pretending, done jumping through hoops to meet our expectations for what a ‘pop-star’ should be. Coming to terms with all this has been a messy and difficult process, but she’s finally feeling like herself again. She’s optimistic, if wary. And she’s ready to let it all out. Her forthcoming album, to hear her tell it, is Grimes unleashed. “I feel like at times there is an extreme rage that I haven’t been able to lay down,” she says. “A rawness that I have withheld from the public, because people always told me to make it more accessible. I’ve given that up for this, and it’s been freeing.”  She’s confronting her past as well. Miss Anthropocene was written during a period of intense self-reflection, and in the midst of personal tragedy. After losing others to addiction and overdoses, yet another close friend had passed. She hints obliquely at her own struggles with substances. It’s hard for her to talk about, but she has confronted it head-on while making this album, and is ready to be honest with the public. “I had early disturbing experiences with kids coming up to me and admiring things that were self-destructive. I was like, fuck, people think it’s cool to cut yourself or vomit or do crack. That’s not good! But then it became this stifling thing,” she says. “I don’t know. I’ve lived this hard, fucked-up life. I can’t pretend I didn’t. It started feeling like I couldn’t express myself properly, because I was so worried about being a good role model. It scares me to be hyper-honest, but we never see women getting to be that way. There should be someone out there that’s messy and fucked up—for some people this is how it is. It scares me because I don’t want little kids to romanticize certain things that are not cool. But I also don’t want to lie about the reality of my existence. I can’t make super honest or super emotional art if I’m always pretending to be cool and chill all the time.”  MAISON MARGIELA cap, BALMAIN dress, and JIMMY CHOO shoes. Grimes’ fans, who love her rabidly, have expressed worry at times in the last few years. If it seems she’s been self-sabotaging, whether online or in her relationships with collaborators and partners, it’s because she really has struggled. But unlike most of us, every step of her journey has been seized upon by a fascinated public and a cynical press hungry for headlines and clicks. And her reticence to tell us what she was really going through left all the more room for speculation. “Two of my best friends died before I was 18, and I lost like five friends to opiate-related deaths. Really close friends. I had one die when I was on a shoot, and found out while filming the second day. All this stuff, fucked up stuff, is happening. Before I would just not mention any of it. I feel like I’ve been through war when I think that all these people around me are dead. In 2016, my good friend died. They were a friend of 15 years, and I felt nothing. Just nothing. And it was so weird. But, you know, there you go. So you start removing yourself from everybody because you don’t want to face it. Life becomes too shockingly fragile, you know?”  CHLOÉ top. It hasn’t been easy for Grimes to engage with her past, but talking about it—in her art, in interviews like this one—is helping. “I’ve gotten better. I was really fucked up in 2016 when I wrote this album, but now I’m doing much better. When I was going through the Art Angels cycle, I was having severe PTSD, and everyone was like, ‘Don’t let the public know!’ I know there are people who think I’ve fucked up the last year, and I do need to be more organized and reasonable and thoughtful at times, for sure. But I feel my art is better.”  CHLOÉ top, skirt, and belt. Grimes’ favorite part of her job comes before she records a single note. “Dreaming it up feels so easy. The making and releasing can be horrible, but the dreaming is always fun,” she sighs. And that’s why she’s such an interesting figure, right? She’s a prodigious dreamer. We may love the music—I still blast “Oblivion” on an almost monthly basis, revisit the strange and compelling world of Art Angels—but it does sometimes feel almost beside the point. Grimes is building a universe, and she’s shedding the strictures that get in the way of that grand vision—the album format, her label, even her own carefully-crafted identity. “Part of what I’m doing is setting up the world-building. Reverse Harry Potter it. Soundtrack comes first, then the fashion, then everything, everything, everything. Then the book, right before I die,” she says, not really joking. Reaching this point of liberation hasn’t been a smooth process. Grimes is unfailingly honest with herself, her own worst critic. But she feels free, she’s happy with what she’s creating, and her ambitions have only grown. We just need to get out of the way and let her dream.  Photographed by: Zoey Grossman Styled by: Mui-Hai Chu and Zoe Costello  Hair: Chanel Croker Makeup: Anthony Nguyen  Manicure: Steph Stone Prop Stylist: Danielle Von Braun Photo Assistant: Phil Sanchez  Digital Tech: Dustin Edwards Location: Milk Studios Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   With International Mother Earth Day comes another chance to raise awareness and open up the dialog on sustainability. The denim brand G-Star Raw just announced the goal to use 100% sustainable cotton by the year 2020. With a brand known for innovations and experimentation in the denim field, the concept comes as a no brainer towards that development of what is truly next.  Current sustainable shopping options are live now on the G-Star Raw’s site for men and women.     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Danger Mouse and Karen O  Brian Loucks, David Lynch, Cedering Fox, Analily Amirpour, Eddy Moretti   David Lynch and Karen O  Adri Law and Nick Zinner  Shirley Manson  Brad Pitt and Val Kilmer  An Encounter with Lux Prima at Marciano Foundation  Gurubee, Ezra Miller  An Encounter with Lux Prima at Marciano Foundation  An Encounter with Lux Prima at Marciano Foundation Karen O, Danger Mouse, and creative director Barnaby Clay, presented an immersive listening experience, “An Encounter with Lux Prima” soundtracked by their album at LA’s, Marciano Art Foundation. The events groundbreaking audiovisual technologies and star studded cast of artists such as, creative director Barnaby Clay (David Bowie—“Life On Mars” Revisited, SHOT!), Oscar-nominated sound designer Ren Klyce (Star Wars: The Last Jedi, Fight Club), renowned lighting designer Tobias Rylander (Robyn, The xx, FKA twigs), visual artist Davy Evans and creative consultant Warren Fu (Daft Punk, The Weeknd, Depeche Mode) to bring Lux Prima to life. The installation also features collaborations with projection mapping innovator Travis Threlkel (co-founder and chief creative officer of MSG’s Obscura Digital), George Lucas’ Skywalker Sound and Meyer Sound.  During the opening night O and Mouse broke "Ministry," "Turn The Light" and "Woman" acoustically in a field of red glowing rods getting the crowd hyped before being ushered in to see the installation. The event is meant to be living, with the living, as a nucleus. Tickets to the premiere tun of “An Encounter with Lux Prima”  sold out in minutes once available.  Photographed by: THE1POINT8  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   HARRIS REED dress available at MatchesFashion. com, ZANA BAYNE skirt, and GENTLE MONSTER sunglasses. MARINE SERRE jacket and skirt available at MatchesFashion.com, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, and GENTLE MONSTER sunglasses. I’m sitting with Heidi Lawden (DJ Heidi) in her charming Venice home, sharing biscuits and pouring tea into big porcelain mugs. Hers sports the iconic I <3 NY, while mine reads I <3 Berlin. We laugh at the fact that we’re wearing a nearly identical black-and-white striped Levi’s shirt. The mugs are a testament to her city-hopping, globe-trotting lifestyle. “I grew up in a small town with a small town mentality, but my natural inclination was to want something bigger,” she says. Lawden chose the Westside neighborhood for the proximity to the beach and the respite it offers as she prepares for the inaugural edition of Dusk—a three-day “intimate, off-grid, queer” camping and music festival, taking place on Native American land between LA and San Diego in May. She’s teamed up with fellow nightlife impresarios Masha and Jeniluv to recruit leading electronic acts from across the States and the EU. Her love for the club scene began when she was a fresh- faced 17-year-old, newly arrived in London, where she absorbed what would later influence her genre-bending practice at drag cabarets like The Black Cap. “I found clubbing as an escape,” she says. “Moving to London, my first clubbing experiences were largely gay, a little goth, and a little Donna Summer, so I got my music from that perspective. I had both girlfriendsand boyfriends.” She was dedicated to the queer scene, even entering a “lavender relationship” with a gay man to prevent him from being attacked. Meanwhile, Lawden was working as a hairdresser and fashion assistant with Paul Smith. She eventually moved into marketing, where she navigated the corporate doldrums of administrative and managerial work. After clocking out, it was back to the club, where Lawden and friends dressed up in their best nightlife attire, emulating their favorite icons from the magazines they read. “You don’t see color, creed or orientation at a club—that’s not a club to me,” she recalls. While it was vital for the scene’s sustainability to observe what was new and fresh, Lawden made sure not to lose her sense of self, either. “I don’t want to be too inspired by anyone in any direction. You may not have the same trends, but that’s what makes me, me.” NOIR KEI NINOMIYA jacket and skirt and JIMMY CHOO shoes. Now in Los Angeles, Lawden’s commitment to freedom and expression in the nightlife scene continues, and DJing and promoting parties in the city’s hallowed network of warehouses has reaped rewards. Slated to play at Coachella this year, her performance will surely attract dance-goers. “I want to represent me. I am disco- leaning and Hi-NRG, but I also want to honor that I’m a Brit. I’ve got a little UK Garage that I know is going to creep in with some drum and bass. I want to pull from all the things I like.” When I ask Lawden what she felt the vibe of her music was, she appropriately tells me, “no fucking idea.” Lawden’s unpredictable track selection is a testament to her diverse, mercurial sound. She refers to her performances as divine DJing—letting go of all fear and playing what instinctually sounds good. “I like the idea that wherever you are you have to surrender to something else, because it really shakes off anything you have going on. I don’t sit around with disco balls and flashing lights all day, so it’s an instantly altered space which changes my mind.” She’s enamored with the idea that a proper DJ set and club environment can happen during the day at Coachella, made possible by the Yuma Tent’s enclosed structure. Balancing her schedule between residencies, festivals, and underground parties, Lawden also recently spent a year playing at Panorama Bar, the house-and-disco-focused dance room located above Berlin’s fabled techno-cathedral, Berghain. The club was “full of absolute freaks, and just about anything goes,” she says with a smile. Here, freedom and hedonism intersect, and everybody takes care of everybody. Lawden explains that in Berlin, clubs like Berghain/Panorama Bar are classified as art venues, and taxed and supported accordingly. “Money coming from the nightlife is valued and support is given back... you feel reminded that what you do is an art.” Despite her wide-ranging ambitions, stints abroad, and an increasingly busy performance schedule, Lawden stays focused on the local. She’s dedicated to elevating the music and festival scene in Los Angeles. Unlike in other countries—or other American cities for that matter—LA has outdated laws that hinder dance-music culture. “Right now, we are essentially partying in illegal spaces and we do our best to make them safe. We see some shit, we call it out. Ultimately, we are unlicensed and there are no guarantees the club will be there next week,” laments Lawden. Proposed laws such as California Senate Bill 58, keeping bars open and serving alcohol until 4 AM, could alter how people party and lead to a safer nightlife in general. In the meantime, between residencies and festivals and from Coachella to LA warehouses, Lawden will be doing her partto make sure the club scene remains a tolerant, free space for uninhibited self-expression. Photographer: Bil Brown.  Stylist: Mui-Hai Chu.  Hair & Makeup: Elaina Karras. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    L'OBJET Haas Brothers Collection  L'OBJET Haas Brothers Collection  L'OBJET Haas Brothers Collection  L'OBJET Haas Brothers Collection  L'OBJET Haas Brothers Collection What happens when two iconic, imaginative brands unite for a special collaboration? Well, in the case of the Haas Brothers and L’OBJET, you have L’OBJET Haas Brothers, a 65 piece collection which combines the playfulness of Haas Brother’s designs with the masterful craftsmen L’OBJET has based their reputation upon.  Inspired by Joshua Tree’s expansiveness and it’s otherworldly terrain, the collaboration features a family of lovable, charming, yet strange creatures which not only give off warm, cuddly vibes but also function as either tableware, home decor, or a fragrance. And if you are familiar with the Haas Brother’s work, you will recognize the features present for which they are known for, from hand-carved scales and porcelain “fur,” to whimsical horns.  Pictured above: Haas Mojave Unicorn 4-wick Candles & Haas Mojave Moon Lamp After capturing audience’s imagination at Art Basel Miami 2018 and a European launch at Maison & Objet this January,  L’OBJET Haas Brothers arrives online now. Visit the website here Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Marta Pozzan x Recess Worldwide  Marta Pozzan x Recess Worldwide  Marta Pozzan x Recess Worldwide  Marta Pozzan x Recess Worldwide  Marta Pozzan x Recess Worldwide  Marta Pozzan x Recess Worldwide  Marta Pozzan x Recess Worldwide  Marta Pozzan x Recess Worldwide “When people show you who they are believe them,” is not only a quote by the enormously influential poet Maya Angelou but it also functions as the profile for Marta Pozzan, or known to many as simply @martapozzan. The Instagram and blog world “It Girl,” has amassed over 400k  followers over the course of less than two thousand posts and dedicates her gram to showing off her honest, and best life.  Hard work has paid off for the Italian blogger who first gained notoriety on the internet when she started the blog It’s Super Fashion back in 2012. Forbes described her as a “globe-trotting influencer who travels from fashion week to fashion week,” in their article titled “Micro-Influencers: The Marketing Force of the Future?” and she made appearances in various magazines including The Daily Front Row, Ladygunn, and GQ Italy. Today, she finds herself as the top model for Recess Worldwide’s year-long pop-up inside the Fred Segal store on Sunset and La Cienega. Flaunt spoke with the rising model, blogger, and influencer about how the shoot came about, who she champions as her favorite designers, and where her career will take her next.  How did you find yourself as the top model for this shoot?  I met Max Laven (founder of Recess Worldwide) a year ago at a birthday party but we then reconnected just recently as I was doing and IG takeover for an event at Fred Segal and he told me all about RECESS and - being a super passionate person - I was like ‘this is awesome, let’s collaborate!’ so we came up with a concept for the shoot and decided on the pieces we wanted to highlight. And this is only the first one of many! Who was your stylist for the shoot? Have you worked with them before?  Max creative directed the entire shoot, from picking the clothes to staging the store to a NY 90’s loft and to the choice of my Gwen Stefani hair style. My regular stylist is amazing and I’m sure we’ll use her for our next shoots, her name is Star Butleigh. Is there a difference between working on shoots for a pop-up company compared to modelling for a high-corporate brand?  For sure. This was a very relaxed and ‘free-style’ shoot in the sense that we didn’t have anybody giving us strict guidelines to follow and it was so much fun. High-corporate brands are very different as their identity has been defined and shaped in the same way for years and years sometimes so in photo shoots you have to keep that in mind and recreate those exact aesthetics. Tell us about the jacket you’re wearing in most of these pictures. Who was the designer?  So that’s a sick vintage Gucci jacket (I think it’s from the Gucci Tom Ford era) with leather collar and finishings. It’s more like a shirt but since it’s quite thick it can work as a jacket. [Max can tell you more about it]. Max: The Gucci Shirting was perfect for Marta, she has the perfect body type for that grail piece. That Gucci shirt has the perfect amount of finishing detail to make it pop. This was around the Era when Tom Ford took over Gucci.  Which article of clothing did you enjoy modelling the best?  Well those Dior sunglasses are quite the piece; they remind me a lot of old school music videos and Carrie from Sex & The City! A few of these photos feature your hair in braids. Is this a style you usually wear? Or was it something different for you?  So aside from braiding my hair during Coachella I don’t normally braid my hair but I must say I loved this look, it really brought me back to the 90’s and that was exactly the vibe we were going for! Recess features a rotating selection of brands. Since their inception, they’ve featured items from Treasures, Saint Luis, and now Diet Starts Monday. Who do you hope shows up next at the store? Max: We started off with Treasures of NYC and Saint Luis NYC. We plan to only usually have one brand in the store per month. Diet Starts Monday ends on April 30th. May 2nd Saint Luis is doing his own activation, with a few different events surrounding it. June, July, and August are all confirmed and confidential.  If you could model one designer for the rest of your career, who would it be?  Omg Miu Miu. J’adore Miuccia since I’m 15! What are some items for sale at Recess Worldwide which you think is essential for every girl this season?  Love this question. Ok there’s so many amazing Chanel bags, like not the most classical ones but some with unique fabrics and shapes and I think that’s super iconic and funky at the same time. The Fendi pants with the logo all over are also super cool; in fact when I posted a pic of me wearing them a girl asked me where she could find them and the day after she was at RECESS getting her pair! All the vintage Dior sunglasses are amazing and still super relevant to this day. And there’s this one Dior bucket hat that’s just adorable. I wore it this season at Coachella  There’s an incredible photo with you and, what looks to be, the most happiest puppy in the whole world. Whose dog was this? And how did you enjoy working with animals?  I know!!! I LOVE ANIMALS SO MUCH. We were shooting by the pool at the apartment building next door and we saw these two dogs; they were too cute not to be photographed so we asked their owner. She was super nice and she actually told us that one of them (Milo, the one in the photo) was a better poser than the other one,  Mango. I love dogs so so much, every time I see one I have to pet it. I’ve only worked with dogs on a shoot once before and I had so much fun but Milo was so cute and obedient! Find them on IG: @miloandmango. Recess will always interchange with brands. Until the end of the Month treasures of NYC are in the shop as well as Diet Starts Monday. We might being dropping a shoe next week! Photographed by Castro Clifton at Fred Segal. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Left to right: ACNE STUDIOS jacket, VITALY t-shirt, and HUDSON JEANS pants. ALEXANDER WANG shirt, ORO t-shirt, and AG pants. SONG FOR THE MUTE shirt and t-shirt and HUDSON JEANS pants. VITALY jacket and jewelry. Above a limestone formation pierced by a network of underground rivers, grow mangroves inhabited by cool creatures like iguanas and coatis. It’s here in Tulum, Mexico, the site of  one of the last great Mayan cities and some of the last great unspoiled Mexican jungle and beaches, that a trio of Aussie producers has arrived for some needed R n’ R.  Tyrone Lindqvist, Jon George and James Hunt make up RÜFÜS DU SOL, a textured electronic act on an incredible ascent. Coming off a grueling six-week tour of Australia and New Zealand, they can now bask in biodiversity, do yoga and go swimming. They’re trying to recharge before playing Odesza’s SUNDARA music festival. Then they’ll play Coachella as a top-billed act.  “We calculated a couple days off that we could just spend in Tulum—just to regroup and chill out,” explains Hunt, one of two members of the band who spoke with Flaunt. “We’ve been discovering more and more that a sense of balance is really important.”  For a group known to appreciate lush atmospherics, it seems they picked the right spot to touch down. “There’s something definitely magical about the forest life here,” George says. “We love it.” On their to-do list is exploring the local house music scene, which they were exposed to through Solomun’s memorable 2015 Boiler Room set.  They definitely deserve a breather. RÜFÜS DU SOL recently scored a Mixmag cover, and sold out shows at the O2 in London and Terminal 5 in New York. Their latest album, Solace, has racked up 50 million streams. Focusing on diet has become a key part of surviving the whirlwind, since gourmet salads aren’t always the easiest to source on the road. They’ve started gathering for sit-down meals following performances, in order to help process everything.  VITALY jacket and jewelry, RICK OWENS t-shirt, and AG pants. Their visual evolution has helped keep things on point, too. “We went through a few different stages, where we each had different streetwear vibes going on—or we might wear a glittery jacket on stage,” Hunt says, explaining their sartorial evolution to a classic rock n’ roll look, featuring black jeans, chinos, and longline tees. “All black has been the recent thing that we’ve been going for, which has kept it a bit more tight.” Practically, this makes it easier to consolidate your wardrobe, George chimes in. “It’s been really nice to not be focusing on ourselves so much,” he says, “but just be a part of this slick operation, delivering what we think is a world-class show to people around the world.”  Considering how easy it is to fall in love with RÜFÜS DU SOL’s pleasing sonics, it’s surprisingly difficult to put what  they actually do into words. The songs are endlessly listenable, while retaining ample depth. Perhaps that’s why they’ve taken both audiences and the music industry by storm—their records have been in high rotation at the Apple Music corporate offices. Transplants from Australia leave you with the impression they’re in the running for National Treasure status down under.  Try to categorize their sound, though, and you’ll find yourself grasping at straws. I decided  to crowdsource a better understanding of RÜFÜS DU SOL, speaking with both the uninitiated and the diehards, and playing selections from across the group’s three-album career. My goal was to chat with industry folks of different echelons and varying music departments. One person, donning a Balenciaga tee, described what they heard as hip-hop. A muscular dude sporting the ever-polarizing V-neck said it reminded them of Oceans 11, whatever that means. A Kiwi, looking ahead to a brunch with fellow New Zealander Zane Lowe, couldn’t help but exclaim, “How the fuck do they have so many streams?!” He quickly conceded that their driving rock ethos is top notch. The general consensus: RÜFÜS DU SOL makes dance music that’s perfect for any party. They’ve managed to bottle a wide range of influences into an extremely thirst-quenching product, without losing any flavor in the process.  The pleasant and unpretentious mood that RÜFÜS DU SOL harbors mirrors their relaxed upbringing Down Under. “We’re beach people, essentially,” George says. “And we like  to be near that for inspiration.” They’re the result of a musical milieu shaped by the Presets and Regurgitator, Australian bands that channeled the vitality of punk and the accessibility of dance. The guys first bonded over indie dance and electronica acts like Booka Shade, the Chemical Brothers and Röyksopp, but ended up putting their own spin on things.  “We’re all super into an underground clubbing culture, and more atonal, hypnotic music production,” George says. “But one thing we’ve always stayed true to is trying to juxtapose that with melodic songwriting capabilities.”  Their first album, Atlas, was assembled on the coast  of New South Wales; much of Bloom, their follow-up, was written in Alexandria, a neighborhood in Sydney. Tapping into environmental inputs helped take their music into new territory. They went for synth tones “that sounded like ocean swells and waves and underwater sea creatures,” Hunt says. “On Solace, we reference deep space, and feeling the abyss.”  Sometimes meeting in the middle isn’t about compromise, it’s about impact. And RÜFÜS DU SOL has that in spades. “That’s probably been my favorite part of the way that we work,” Hunt says. “We draw on such a range of influences that it keeps us on our toes.” These days, when dipping their bucket in the inspiration well, they’re more likely to call upon electronic muses like Moderat or alternative-rock gods like Radiohead.  The group’s collaborative process has led to constant growth. Nothing typifies the way a RÜFÜS DU SOL track comes together better than how “Innerbloom” was born. It’s  a song that coalesced in the afterglow of a four-month stint in Berlin’s revered club scene. The electronics provide far more than a backdrop for the rousing refrain: If you want me / If you need me / I’m yours.  They started by jamming on some chords. Next came  the beat and the bassline. The crackling noise, a sample of  a match strike, was an ingenious twist. “It sounded really interesting, because you can hear the phosphorus squealing,” Hunt says. “It kind of sounds like an alien life form.” They incorporated elements of emotive Pachanga Boys track “Time,” and removed writing constraints, like song length. “From there it happened really organically,” Hunt says. “We didn’t have to rethink anything.”  When they’d finished, it was just the beginning. One Aussie  I spoke to gushed about a monumental sunrise moment he’d experienced in Black Rock City, when “Innerbloom” began to play from the speakers at Burning Man. That was exactly what they’d been going for, George explains. “One of the biggest sentiments of that song for us was putting ourselves in the mindset of, like, what song would we want to hear played in the desert as the sun came up?” The Sasha remix won Record of the Year at the 2017 Electronic Music Awards. In 2018, Zeds Dead dropped the Two Lanes remix during an energetic set at EDC Las Vegas.  House and trance producers’ eagerness to refashion RÜFÜS DU SOL’s output is only rising, and RSK, Cassian, and Yotto remixes have recently landed in their inbox. “All these different artists get to put their spin on our original take,” George says. “That’s something really special for us.”  VITALY jacket, RICK OWENS t-shirt and HUDSON JEANS jeans In my quest to come to terms with the emotional trip charted by RÜFÜS DU SOL, I found myself in the exurbs east of LA, where the city melts away and the desert begins to take hold. That’s where I met the person with the most perceptive view of the group’s music, by far.  A girl in worn mall-goth attire told me she had synesthesia, a neurological condition that causes some people to perceive sounds as colors and shapes. I played her part of the group’s BBC Radio 1 Essential Mix, asking her what she saw.  It was a pretty picture, apparently. A work of abstract expressionism. There was an overall blue haze, with waves of green. Bright stars salted the canvas, she said. And there were light circles, dotted throughout.  But there were also these interesting dabs of yellow, and splotches of orange, and as the clarity of a keyboard began to gently course through the buildup, purifying the scene with white stabs, the canvass morphs, becoming tinged with violet.  The assessment isn’t that different from how the RÜFÜS DU SOL guys describe their own music. George likes to imagine they’re in a no-gravity zone while composing. The desert environment around LA, via a recent trip to Joshua Tree National Park, actually helped forge their current psychic character. “If you were going to try and describe our sound as something, it would look like the desolate landscape of Joshua Tree,” he suggests. “It looks like these big moon craters, and rocks and boulders. Maybe chuck a lagoon in there, as well.”  Hunt’s been focused on the desert, too, creating visuals to go with expanded versions of the tracks from Solace for Coachella. “I’ve recently been having these underwater deep-sea images,” he says. “It’s been more washy, oceany, blue-black, semi-purple, neon phosphorescent.”  However you see their music, one thing’s for sure: RÜFÜS DU SOL is committed to existing in the space between pop and underground spheres, taking audiences on lyrical journeys that channel something real—no matter what palette they decide to draw from next. VITALY jacket, 424 t-shirt, and HUDSON JEANS pants.     Photographed by Jonny Marlow at Early Morning Riot Flaunt Film by: Jason Bergh at Early Morning Riot Styled by Alexandro Ceballos Grooming by Heather Rae Bang at The Rex Agency Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    GUCCI top.  GUCCI top and pants BERLUTI hat. There is something best contrasted in a singer that looks like a young gothy Luke Perry circa Beverly Hills 90210 with the captivating voice of some ancient warlock from Sabrina. After five years since his last album, Robert Alfons the voice and image of the band TR/ST is back bringing the enigmatic dreaminess to a lighter place with a 2 part album, the first one dropping today, The Destroyer – Part 1. Having held his place securely in the darkwave scene the musician has built a following off of his minimal treatment to synth music, bewitchingly danceable yet drawn from a visceral delivery. With his latest offering the sounds are still catchy as ever, yet the time spent experimenting has forged a complex growth which draws deep from personal struggles. This evolution sees the musician veer into cinematic and lush compositions keeping in line with the dramatic drone that long captivated fans but also a new headiness offers up a new course into the light. We grabbed a few questions with the artist whilst on his transatlantic tour.  BALENCIAGA jacket and pants and talent’s own shoes Firstly, I have to say I love the direction you have been exploring, I feel it’s so dancey whilst also sinister than ever! What are your points of inspiration for this body of work? Thanks babe. Sonically I was deeply inspired by albums like like PJ Harvey’s Is This Desire? and Nine Inch Nails Downward Spiral but also the lush strings of Henryk Görecki and Heitor Villa-Lobos. I wanted the album to have this push/pull. It feels like a nice progression into heavier industrial sounds and this lush production on this album. At its height I can feel it echoing on “Poorly Coward,” how did you come to this point musically? I think maybe my mood swings were just crazier than ever while making it lol. Always in chaos instead of a nice medium balanced place. “Poorly Coward” is one of my favs from the album, it’s very important in the journey. You get quite ethereal or rather airy on half of the album on your tracks “Control Me,” “Gone,” “Wake With,” and “Grouch” your voice is quite delicate, is this a direction you see yourself experimenting more with? I’ve always thought of my voice as an instrument, and rarely pushed it to the foreground or sang in my “speaking voice”. It just felt like the right time to present it this way. I went with my gut. This album is to be released as 2 bodies of work, what was the thinking behind the process of splitting up the album and what can we expect of part 2? Honestly 16 songs is a lot to digest in one sitting but more importantly the second half empties into a moody solemn place and that felt like a nice split point. Who is “The Destroyer”? I don’t really think there’s one answer to this, I don’t have like a concept album in place. But for context, I started writing this song while in this immature pattern of continually pushing people away to see who would stick around. I’m sure it’s just the inner child acting out of feeling of abandonment, but nonetheless that’s where the song started. I’m a destroyer of everyone. GUCCI pants You’ve been called the goth eeyore, gay joe dirt, there was a strong Ziggy moment I saw with Ionnalee, what is your current visual iteration? Lol love all these. I think I’m embracing my inner alien more and more, and as I get older my face is changing so I’m naturally just starting to look like one! I love the album work for your singles, very grotesque and elegant. Who is the artist behind the art work? Is there as story to the figure on the covers. They all seem the same with their striped body until we see this new work on the cover of “Colossal” So glad you like, I love them so much. The artist is a dear sweet friend Blake Armstrong, you can find him on Instagram @blkarmstron. I think we just modeled the character and it’s journey as if the album was an operatic tragedy. I really love what he did with them all.  With the work you had done with Ryan Heffington for “Destroyer” is that a sound we will be hearing more of, or is it hinting at Destroyer’s part 2? Yes the second half is much more tender and sonically speaking includes much more piano, which is something I have been trying to make work for some time now. Loved working with  Ryan and Justin [Tyler Close] on that video! Photographed by: Beau Nelson Styled by: Shab Mohammad Grooming: Erika Fitzgerald using MAC Cosmetics Set design: Zaid Arriola Production: BJ Panda Bear   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Charli XCX  Caroline Daur  Sylvain Stevant  Alexa Geovanos  Alix Brown, Tara Devon Gallagher and Heather Boo  Chloé Celebrates a Changing of the Seasons with Charli XCX  Chloé Celebrates a Changing of the Seasons with Charli XCX  Jasmine Poulton, Ashley Smith, Yana Yatsuk and Dani Miller  Chloé Celebrates a Changing of the Seasons with Charli XCX  Chloé Celebrates a Changing of the Seasons with Charli XCX  Emma Fuhrmann  Arnaud Cauchois and Rhiyen Sharp  Chloé Celebrates a Changing of the Seasons with Charli XCX  Marta Pozzan  Chloé Celebrates a Changing of the Seasons with Charli XCX  Jen Wonders and Christie Tyler  Skyler Sandels, Monty Jackson and Mishel Prada,   Chloé Celebrates a Changing of the Seasons with Charli XCX  Chloé Celebrates a Changing of the Seasons with Charli XCX  Chloé Celebrates a Changing of the Seasons with Charli XCX  Chloé Celebrates a Changing of the Seasons with Charli XCX  Mishel Prada  Chloé Celebrates a Changing of the Seasons with Charli XCX  Xenia Adonts  Chloé Celebrates a Changing of the Seasons with Charli XCX  Arlissa  Chloé Celebrates a Changing of the Seasons with Charli XCX  Jordan Claire Robbins  Aly and AJ  Megan Schaefer, a guest and Madelynn Furlong  Charli XCX  Tania Sarin and Angela Fink  Chloé Celebrates a Changing of the Seasons with Charli XCX  Aaron Bernards, Nick Hinman and Zberg  Chloé Celebrates a Changing of the Seasons with Charli XCX  Dante Brown  Jordan Ver Hoeve  Nala Wayans  Chloé Celebrates a Changing of the Seasons with Charli XCX  BJ Mitchell  Chloé Celebrates a Changing of the Seasons with Charli XCX  Stephanie Moore, Tristan Hollingsworth and Lexi Stellwood  Chloé Celebrates a Changing of the Seasons with Charli XCX  Jackie R. Jacobson  Chloé Celebrates a Changing of the Seasons with Charli XCX  Chloé Celebrates a Changing of the Seasons with Charli XCX  Chloé Celebrates a Changing of the Seasons with Charli XCX  Chloé Celebrates a Changing of the Seasons with Charli XCX Last night at Harriet’s, hotel The Jeremy’s crown jewel high above the Sunset Strip, we teamed up with Chloé to celebrate the launch of their spring / summer collection with an intimate cocktail party. From Hollywood songbirds and actors to the international jet set and friends of the Flaunt family, the sparkling crowd rivaled the glittering city lights below. Among the notables were AJ and Aly Michalka, Wallis Day, Emma Fuhrman, Mishel Prada, Skyler Sandels, Xenia Adonts, Caroline Daur, Amanda Lunt, Tania Sarian, Christie Tyler, Jen Wonders, and Jordan Ver Hoeve. Bandero tequila and Bogart’s vodka fueled the dance floor with help from DJs Eric Ellison and Jonny Mons (from NTS). But all conversation fell away when special guest Charli XCX, dressed head-to-toe in a Chloé denim ensemble, dazzled the crowd with a special performance. It doesn’t get more chic than that! Photography by Getty Images for FLAUNT Magazine & May He Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Forty Five Ten is the mega-retailer merging fashion and art, enticing the unconventional and eclectic shopper. The Dallas-based brand has grown exponentially since it was founded in 2000. With seven locations under its umbrella, Forty Five Ten has made headway towards global expansion with the opening of it’s 16,000 square foot Hudson Yards layout. Located on the fifth floor, the Headington acquired brand operates with five storefronts for each particular category including Women’s Designer, Men’s Designer, Vintage, Accessories Salon, and 4510/SIX. While e-commerce dominates today’s tech-savvy society, retailers like Forty Five Ten are successfully forging experience-based shopping. Fostering global luxury and emerging talent, the concept retailer aims to intersect art, design, and fashion with the help of newly appointed President and Creative Director, Kristen Cole. We spoke with Kristen to discuss the growth of the company, core brand concepts, and Hudson Yards location. Explain the evolution of Forty Five Ten since you were appointed President and Chief Creative Officer in 2018. I was hired to lead Forty Five Ten into its next iteration as a national, and eventual international brand. Through my creative and aesthetic vision for the company, we have refined and evolved the design of the stores, the fashion direction and the creative direction of our visual brand look. I wanted to elevate and expand on the amazing foundation that Forty Five Ten has built over 20 years in Dallas. My vision for the company is for Forty Five Ten to be an industry leader in terms of our concept and approach to highly experiential, multi-faceted retail. With the addition of our New York store, I think Forty Five Ten will become the go-to for customers looking for a strong fashion edit across luxury and emerging, and for those interested in the experiential intersection of fashion, design, and art.  Beginning in Dallas, the company has since grown to seven brick-and-mortar locations. Why did the Headington Companies group decide on the New York location at Hudson Yards? Yes, we now have seven total stores in Dallas, Aspen, Napa, Miami, and New York. We also have a new e-commerce site. Headington Companies recognized the potential for the Hudson Yards project early on in terms of its critical mass of shops, restaurants, residences and cultural initiatives. We love that Hudson Yards is adjacent to Chelsea, one of the most vibrant art areas in Manhattan, in terms of galleries and institutions, and that the High Line spills into Hudson Yards. We also knew our close adjacencies to the many destination restaurants sharing level 5 with us at The Shops at Hudson Yards would be great for traffic – there are new concepts by David Chang and Thomas Keller, and a Milos and Bouchon Bakery. Over 16,000 square feet, the New York-based retailer has a storefront dedicated to each particular category including Women’s Designer, Men’s Designer, Vintage, Accessories Salon, and 4510/SIX. What ideas conceptualized the planning of this space? The lease we signed really informed the concept. We have five different spaces spread throughout one floor, each one with a distinct vision and edit. They hopefully feel connected, but also different in an exciting way. If someone is going to shop brick-and-mortar these days over online shopping, we want to provide them with a layered, welcoming and inspiring experience.  Tell us about the sculptural storefronts designed in collaboration with Snarkitecture. We chose Snarkitecture to design our store façades for the obvious reason that we wanted something unique, place-making and modern. There was a natural connection since my husband, Joe Cole, had already worked with Daniel Arsham and his studio on a public art commission for Headington Companies in Dallas’ Design District. We love the glass brick façade and how the design connects the spaces—it’s such a fresh take on conventional glass blocks. In merging luxury fashion and art, Forty Five Ten inspires the unconventional and eclectic. How would you describe the visually refined aesthetic of the company? I love presenting fashion in and around art- I’m drawn to that intersection. We work with many artists in terms of collaboration, exhibition, and collecting. My approach to our photography and campaign concepts has been to shoot our favorite pieces each season in our art world; at collector’s homes, galleries, exhibition spaces… anywhere we can have a conversation around fashion and art. Forty Five Ten has a collection of contemporary art that rotates through our stores from Catherine Opie, Tracey Emin, Jose Davila, Juergen Teller, Katherine Bernhardt, among others; and are currently showing works by Al Freeman, Greg Bogin, and Lars Fisk. We are often dressing collectors, artists, and people working in the art world. I love to create those inspiring surprise moments. I hope to inspire and empower through our approach to retail—it’s a little bit escapist and a place to discover.   Describe your relationship with the Whitney Museum of American Art and the ongoing collaborations like the capsule collection with artist Caitlin Keogh. We sponsored this year’s Whitney Art Party because we are true fans of the museum and their programming. The young art patron crowd that attends that party is very much our target demographic. As a result of the sponsorship, I co-chaired the event with Micaela Erlanger and Michael Carl. The Whitney chose artist Caitlin Keough to create an artwork for auction. I met with her and developed an idea to collaborate on a fashion item that could tie back to the piece and benefit the museum. “Lines in a nymph’s body” t-shirts, and the painting that inspired it will launch, in-store at Forty Five Ten in New York and Dallas on May 1st. To set us apart in terms of truly unique artist collaborations, we will continue to identify the right moments to launch products and capsule collections. We have Katherine Bernhardt exclusive ceramics collection in store now, and others in the works. Experimental and unconventional brands represent the majority of designers in Forty Five Ten. How does the brand support and foster emerging creatives? My passion really revolves around emerging talent and intellectual fashion, it always has. I enjoy conceptual pieces, conceptual art, and love to see raw and emerging talent- whenever I have that opportunity. Forty Five Ten anchors the new and experimental talent with our luxury and advanced European designers like Prada, Dries Van Noten, Balenciaga, Maison Margiela, Comme des Garcons, Jil Sander, The Row… among others. The mix in our curation of designers and our edit allows for discovery for our luxury clientele and elevation for our newer lines. The synergies are amazing, and our client cross-shops, mixes and discovers, which is exactly what we hope to promote. Right now, some of our standout lines in the emerging sector are Y/Project, Ellery, Marine Serre, Lemaire, Sacai, Alyx, Area, Saks Potts, A.W.A.K.E. Mode, Priscavera and Sandy Liang. Photography by: Max Burkhalter  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    R13 Store at 34 Howard St  R13 Store at 34 Howard St  R13 Store at 34 Howard St  R13 Store at 34 Howard St  R13 Store at 34 Howard St  R13 Store at 34 Howard St  R13 Store at 34 Howard St Designer Chris Leba has taken tangible steps toward expanding his denim brand R13, founded in 2009. Opening up a location on 34 Howard Street, R13 is to be worn by creatives who crave life in its purest, maddening form. The underground culture is on the uprise to flip the ways of our country upside down— on a surefire path to take over. The new space is a physical reflection of the collections, offering customers a memorable shopping experience in an elevated space with minimalist design. Featuring exposed brick and concrete, LED screens, and five modular racks— the space is a true reflection the underground designs within R13’s brand as a collective. How would you say R13 fits into the underground culture of America? I believe the authentic view is that R13 is a luxury fashion house that celebrates and is inspired by the underground culture of America. I think what’s important is that we have to be respectful of the authenticity of the underground culture and at the same time be true to who we are as a luxury fashion house. How does the new physical space at 34 Howard Street reflect the spirit of the brand? R13 is all about self-expression. The store is really a smash up of all the things that I love in my past retail experiences over the course of the last 30 years. I came to New York City in the late 80’s and one of the first stores that I fell in love with was the first Commes Des Garcons store in Soho- it was minimal, raw and industrial. That unforgettable experience has always stayed with me. In the 90’s, Helmut Lang opening his NY flag ship and I also fell in love with its minimal and gallery like approach of showcasing clothing. I was also inspired by two of my favorite architects. John Pawson for his extreme minimal vision, and Tadeo Ando for his very industrial and strong aesthetic. I took all these elements to Leong and Leong and we work together for over a year on how to mix technology and my favorite cultural influences of today into a retail space that is timeless yet relevant. What is the importance of the minimalist design within the space? I wanted to create this push and pull between the energy of the brand. You have the hustle and bustle of the city with a minimalist environment that I always find calming and peaceful.  Where do you pull creative influence from when designing for certain collections? For me 95% of the time I am inspired by things that are authentic by nature, whether it be from a cultural perspective or a product perspective. I can be inspired by the Punk era, Grunge era or something as simple as a pair of 5 pocket jeans. What is the most exciting factor of being able to showcase and sell clothes from R13 in a physical space? I think that it was critical for us to create a space where our customers can come and really be immerse in the full breath of everything that we do. With our Soho store I wanted to create an innovative shopping experience — an elevated yet minimalist setting in line with our brand’s DNA. Where do you see the trajectory of this “Other America” heading? Is it about more than just fashion and design to you? The Other American is an archetype that has and will always exist. I see myself as part of the “Other America” and I will always express the brand through that POV. Where do you see the future of R13 heading in upcoming years? Are you planning on expanding further, physically? R13 is coming up on celebrating our 10-year anniversary so we want to just take a moment to celebrate that. Right now, it’s all about us learning and fine tuning our retail store concept before we start thinking about expanding into having multiple retail locations. It appears to be as though anyone who wears R13 looks effortlessly cool. What type of person is the ideal R13-wearer? I’ve always had a vision that the R13 customer would be someone who is strong, natural, unpretentious, creative and edgy. And that’s exactly who they are, a cultured and sophisticated rebel.  R13 is  now open at 34 Howard St, New York, NY‎ - ‎ 11:00 AM – 7:00 PM Photos courtesy of R13 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   PH5 is the women’s ready-to-wear knit-tech brand blending architectural dimensions with sophisticated designs. Wei Lin, the daughter of a knitwear manufacturer, and Parsons-trained, award-winning designer, Mijia Zhang, created the company in 2014 to revolutionize the knit-industry with the advancement of fashion technology. Split between NYC and China, Mijia heads up design, while Wei covers the business-end. Challenging conventional industry norms, PH5 utilizes the latest in 3D Shima Seiki knitting machines with a team of designers and engineers who develop codes for the machinery. Curved knits remain synonymous to the womenswear brand as the only fashion house to perfect its development. These innovations have sparked heaps of praise, while PH5 sits as a current finalist for the BOF China Prize. We spoke with the forward-thinking, Wei Lin to discuss the inception of PH5, design influences, and modernized knitwear. Tell us about the inception of PH5.  PH5 is a story of Art meets Science. My family owns a knitwear factory in China which I left for a career in consulting here in New York. During that time Mijia was my roommate and attending Parsons where she eventually won the Kering Empowering Imagination award. This lead her to a job at Christopher Kane and later on with Nike. As she was accelerating in her fashion career, I felt the calling to go back to the family business and create a fashion label utilizing the factory’s technology. What I needed was the artistic side of it, and so the two of us joined forces to debut during  NYFW for SS17.  Our brand name PH5 was originally inspired by the numeric pH scale of 1 through 14. If pH7 is neutral, PH5 is neutral but slightly feminine. Empowered by this scientific name, PH5 has set out to inspire people to rethink knitwear completely. We want to tell the world that knitwear is more than just a winter fabric. It is playful, versatile, and fashion forward. We are all about innovation. What influences drive your designs from concept to creation? PH5 is heavily influenced by art. Modern art, in particular, is our design database. Each season functions like a research project on a subject we choose. We start from an artwork and allow ourselves to be intrigued by it, which then leads us to create various elements for the collection. How did the infamous wavy knit come to be? Our signature wavy hem has been with us since our very first season. We like how whimsical it looks. It represents this contrast of chaos and silence.  How do you hope to push boundaries and modernize knitwear? We have an in-house R&D center where we work directly with engineers and technicians to code computer programs on cutting edge Shima Seiki flatbed and 3D knitting machines. Every season, we offer our customers something completely groundbreaking. Whether it be a new stitch, a new yarn, or a new treatment, we are offering something they’ve never seen before.  Tell us about the implementation of 3D Shima Seiki knitting machines in the family knitwear factory. We see whole garment/3D knitting as the future for knitwear. It’s a type of machine that can knit the entire garment simultaneously and without seams. We are actively testing and playing with this technology. It’s new for us, and so it will take some time for us to come up with something cool. How do comfort, breathability, and structure play an important factor in PH5 fabrics? Both of us are sneaker girls, and so accessibility and originality means a lot to us. It’s the most important thing for us. We aim to dress everyday girls, and not just celebrity types. We want to make sure PH5 is comfortable and functional for everyday wearing.  You were the first fashion brand to dress influencers Lil’ Miquela and Sophia the AI Robot; fitting perfectly with your advancements in knit tech. Who do you both dream of dressing in PH5? Amal Clooney and Priscilla Chan. Both are strong and smart career women.  How do you envision the future of innovation and technology in the fashion industry? We envision it to be highly concentrated in wearable tech and sustainable materials. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Alain Mikli Presents The Spring/Summer 2019 Campaign, "Après Minut"  Alain Mikli Presents The Spring/Summer 2019 Campaign, "Après Minut"  Alain Mikli Presents The Spring/Summer 2019 Campaign, "Après Minut"  Alain Mikli Presents The Spring/Summer 2019 Campaign, "Après Minut" Paris brand, Alain Mikili launches their latest Spring / Summer 2019 collection, “Après Minut” in collaboration with photographer, Alana O’Herlihy and social media influencer and entrepreneur, Doina Ciobanu. The team alludes to 1980’s nightlife, French roots, and a nostalgic feeling one may get when watching a group of friends reminiscing at the last great French Bistro, Le Petit Rétro, until the long hours of the morning with cocktails.  Let your imagination wander while watching Doina in this latest campaign through Instagram. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Desiree Klein Spring/Summer 2019  Desiree Klein Spring/Summer 2019  Desiree Klein Spring/Summer 2019  Desiree Klein Spring/Summer 2019  Desiree Klein Spring/Summer 2019  Desiree Klein Spring/Summer 2019  Desiree Klein Spring/Summer 2019  Desiree Klein Spring/Summer 2019  Desiree Klein Spring/Summer 2019  Desiree Klein Spring/Summer 2019  Desiree Klein Spring/Summer 2019  Desiree Klein Spring/Summer 2019  Desiree Klein Spring/Summer 2019  Desiree Klein Spring/Summer 2019 Désirée Klein is a German designer who has been based in LA since 2011. Her work is structured  with a strong silhouette, whilst also maintaining streamline cuts and constructions. This design point comes from her studies in product design at Gerrit Rietveld Academie in Amsterdam.  Previously the designer also ran NR.4 gallery space in Berlin and Paris Berlin with Louise Deschamp in L.A. These days see her working from the flagship Store in little Armenia. The transformative shapes of the smart clothing have been a worn by the smarter set of popstars from Peaches, Kelela, and Feist. We recently linked up with the designer to get insight into her designs as they fit in LA and the people who wear it.  What was it like to transition from Berlin to LA and how has that changed or influenced your aesthetic? Moving to LA was a huge learning curve in terms of trying to make my creative practice into a business. Berlin was a very free and experimental time, I did not have to care much about money, because everything was still so cheap at the time, but there was also not much infrastructure for Fashion. No textiles, no production, no pattern makers/ graders. I am self-taught in fashion; I had studied product design. Berlin were my formative years. L.A is a big production place, so I have everything I need right in front of me. This made my collections more rational, wearable and producible. What initially sparked your interest in fashion? I am not very interested in fashion. I love clothing and making things. I love how clothing can make people feel and how it communicates. I think of Fashion as being the complex system of designing, production, marketing etc. which I have a difficult relation too. The best time I have with fashion is when I think about how to avoid it and work around it. This can be very creative and satisfying. Do you feel that your designs match your personal style? Yes, I wear a lot of my clothing. It is easy to wear and comfortable, but also fun and expressive. You design with different shapes and body types in mind. Why is it important for you to design transformable garnets? I like to see the garments more as tools for people to play with and express themselves. I love it when clients come up with version I had not thought about. How would you define the aesthetic of your brand? It’s simple and complex, playful and practical In what other ways do you practice your creativity other than fashion designing? I come from product design, so I like to create full environments for the garments. I had a space in Kreuzberg, Berlin back in the day and a Studio/ Store in Little Armenia, L.A For both these spaces I designed the furniture and interior. We also did regular events there with artist friends and musicians. What’s next for you as well as the future of fashion? There is a lot of change happening in retail right now. Its maybe what the music industry went through already. People know how to shop online now. It’s a bit scary, but also the right time to forge ahead and try new ways of Marketing and distribution.  Photos courtesy of Désirée Klein 1709 N Kenmore Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90027 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Gershon Dublon and Xin Lui  Lily Kwong wears Joseph Altuzarra   Nick Kroll Monday night, Ruinart Champagne and New Museum celebrated landscape designer Lily Kwong  Ruinart Artistic Innovation Award. Highly influential artists and designers like, Joseph Altuzarra, Marina Testino, Rushka Bergman, Max Poglia  made it out to support Lily. Other big names who attended, actor Nick Kroll, DJ Mia Moretti, and photographers Luke Shabolt and Jill Greenberg.  The dinner honored Lily as well as Xin Liu and Gershon Dublon of creative studio Slow Immediate. They are all members of NEW INC — the New Museum’s cultural incubator, a long standing dedication to the Arts since it was founded in 1729 as the first established Champagne House.  The award is to honor Lily’s adherence to sustainability and her approach in using living flora and fauna as artistic mediums in which to work. The award is however, not the only thing which Lily is receiving. Her hard work also honored her with a Ruinart grant to continue her artistic endeavors. The evening was finished off with an accompaniment of Ruinart’s brilliant champagnes, as well as their first ever Rosé champagne.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The highly influential artistic institution, Garage, has worked international exhibits and activities across Russia and its neighboring countries since 2008 and now is getting the means by which they can help others. With the program, Garage Endowment Fund, the museum can use invested money as a security net for non-profit organization rather than day-to-day spending.  Anton Belov, Director of Garage: “The establishing of Garage Endowment Fund is an important stage in the Museum’s transition from private art institution to public museum. It provides financial security for the future and strengthens the ambitious, long-term plans which Garage has for the development of culture in Russia.The building up of the endowment fund is a priority for Garage. In this way we can remain a leader and continue to inspire change in the field of culture, make important and memorable exhibitions, support artists and researchers, and offer new educational programs. I believe that by combining forces we can lay the foundation of the future Garage today.” The charitable donations made by individuals are projected to provide 30% of the institutions annual non-profit budget, providing more effectiveness and numerous cultural and educational success. The plan is designed to provide financial stability while contributing to research, publishing projects, as well as the overall making of exhibitions.  The museum predicts a growth in the development of artistic infrastructure as well as the ability to better preserve the history of Russian art. Endowments will also enable provisions to support artists through grant programs by means of studio space and artistic residence.  Photo courtesy of the Garage Museum of Contemporary Art Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Official Rebrand Previews Age of Desire at Otherwild  Official Rebrand Previews Age of Desire at Otherwild  Official Rebrand Previews Age of Desire at Otherwild  MI Leggett  Official Rebrand Previews Age of Desire at Otherwild  Official Rebrand Previews Age of Desire at Otherwild Some of my fondest memories in college were rummaging through the mountains of second-hand clothes at the Volunteers of America store near campus. It was rare to walk out of that big-box store without some sort of gem. One minute your goal was to score a linen shirt for impending summer, and the next minute you were walking out with an oversized sharkskin blazer à la David Byrne that you really didn’t need, but looked impeccable on your body nonetheless.  While second-hand stores like Volunteers may serve some simply out of convenience, economy and monotony, MI Leggett sees these spaces as invaluable resources, integral arsenals through which to scour, compiling and collecting said used clothes to serve as blank canvases on which to rebrand in the form of painted phrases, symbols, and various iconography. Like a phoenix born from the ashes, MI’s practice challenges us to see breath new life into clothing that would otherwise be undesirable. You know what they say about one person’s trash... For the last few years, MI Leggett’s Official Rebrand has skyrocketed from college passion project in Ohio to a fully-realized line, exhibiting at Art Basel Miami and New York Fashion Week in 2017 and 2018, respectively. Impermanence is the name of the game, evident in the acrylic paint that eventually wears off from increased used, say, in a club, to the lack of a central, palpable node of production and design, trading brick and mortar in exchange for the fleeting-yet-frugal pop-up in cities like Berlin, New York, and now, L.A. Earlier in April, Official Rebrand teamed up with Otherwild, a bicoastal retail store and design studio, kicking off Earth Month to present their new Age of Desire collection and rebrand any clothing to any trusting individual that was ready to take the plunge into MI’s world. Flaunt got to speak with MI on the eve of their event in the deep crimson cave of Los Feliz’s Good Luck Bar to talk the past, present and future. Photo by Simone Thompson What is rebranding so important for you? What does it mean for you? It means so many different things, and what it means is always changing. Stagnancy is unnecessary. You can always edit something to fit yourself better. [Rebranding] is a lot about sustainability, self expression, and fluidity. I've always hoarded stuff because I wanted to change into something else so it’s just a natural arrival of what my artistic process was moving towards. Is there a particular reason why the paint you deploy is so thick? Do you ever try to rebrand things with more delicate compositions? Looking at your outfit now, I’m noticing more delicate lines. I think thick lines are really impactful. But, for these kinds of pieces, I painted in sharpie so the ink would fuck up and bleed out. Then that creates a whole other effect. Stains will become part of the piece and the ink will take on a life of its own. With my lines I like to do a line in pen, then in marker, then another in paint. Having the different iterations all be visible to show the process. You rebranding often features fruits, faces, and abstract renderings. Is there something right now that you’re particularly into rebranding on clothes?  For my new collection, Age of Desire, [I confront] how we are physically tied to things that we want to consume, [such as] wellness culture. Wellness culture is now a market that is dependent on us buying more stuff and telling us if we buy more things, we’ll be purified. That is just so counter-intuitive. To be purified you need to pair down and yet you can buy a million serums and tinctures. So, plants are something I use as a metaphor for that wellness. I personally like having plants around because they make me feel like my air is cleaner and that I'm more connected to nature while being in the city. A lot of people on the East Coast like to remark on Southern California’s foliage, how it overgrows into the environment, into the concrete. I am curious if you’ve been inspired by that while you're out here.  Yes! Just being here and seeing different plants on the street and how those interact with the architecture, I’m just eye-feasting on it. I’m thinking how, on my street in New York, trash is the only foliage, and dying plants—which I’m trying to revive but its not going well. I love plants, and I incorporated some of those into the shoot I did today. Tell me about that shoot, where was it? The main model was Cat—her music monaker is Madge. I found them on Instagram along with the photographer, Simone.. I feel like Instagram can be really alienating but when you actually meet people in real life it can render a great connection. We wouldn’t have known each other well without Instagram, so in a way it’s stressful, but also a great way to meet like-minded people with like-minded aesthetics. Simone and I had been discussing shooting for a while now. Cat and I discussed it. Last night we all decided to do it. Photo by Simone Thompson Official Rebrand has collaborated with Madge before. How is it working with artists? Is this something you’d like to continue doing? If so, do you have any artists in mind you’d love to partner with? Definitely. I don’t see my work limited by a medium. I started out as a painter, then video, then photography. A lot of my best work has come from collaboration with musician friends. Working with Madge has been really great because they spring energy and that's what I'm seeking from collaborators. A lot of my friends are DJs in Berlin and I dress them for things. I've done collaborative shoots with some of them who are also artists who paint on clothes.  Do you prefer the fleeting nature of pop-ups and collaborations as opposed to building a more centralized node for Official Rebrand?  I think as a startup brand, it’s impossible unless you have a lot of funding. As a human, I’m very scattered between New York and Berlin. I’m spread thin because of that. I’d love to have consistent space. But it’s just not a luxury I have at the moment. The Fluid Project has been nice, and OtherWild as well. Eventually I would love to have a studio, warehouse, atelier situation. It’s important to have a community around a brand. That’s one of the wonderful things about having a small brand; I have close connections with so many of my clients, as well as honest and open dialogue with a lot of people about it. With a huge brand, those kinds of comments would not necessarily get to me. You're steering the ship here. Having lots of others feels like something might get lost in the process.  The MFA in Boston just had this massive exhibition about gender fluid fashion and apparently a lot of artists didn’t get [the memo] because they had handlers and/or managers who didn’t forward it because they thought, ‘Oh you don’t want to do anything in Boston. It’s too far.’ But it was a massive exhibition. Walter Van Beirendonck, Commes des Garçons. There were so many amazing designers… The act of rebranding is rebellious, you are reclaiming a piece often made by a larger entity. It would also be rebellious if, after you rebrand, the wearer rebranded the rebrand. Has this happened? Do you encourage this?  A lot of my closer clients have expressed similar feelings—that working with me and creating personal pieces for them has helped them learn how to express themselves in new ways and feel more close to themselves. It’s a little cheesy, but we’re all individuals and having individual clothing feels great. It’s a luxury everyone should have if they want it. Photo by Simone Thompson Do you have a favorite type of clothing you like to paint on, and do you have a least favorite type of material you like to work on? Animal products are really funny because they are some of the most unsustainable. It's kind of impossible to paint on fur. Painting on leather, on the other hand, is amazing. Painting on silk is great. You can really tell the quality of a mens work shirt by painting on it. I use acrylic and then mix it with a fabric painting medium. Can it be washed? Yes, I wear the shit out of my clothes. My girlfriend, Sessa, wears the shit out of her clothes. And we’re staining them. It’s better, longevity-wise, to wash any clothing as little as possible. But I wash mine a lot. If you go to a club in Berlin for 12 hours you're going to wash everything very intensely. But I also design things to be trashed as part of the design. Otherwild and spaces like the Fluid Project foster these sort of events. Is there someone you knew specifically at Otherwild here in L.A? It’s kind of the perfect transition, because I knew people from LA who had been reaching out to me via Instagram for a long time to come out here, so it was just perfect that Otherwild invited me to come out for a show right around when I was releasing a new collection in New York. Also now I get to be out here. Its warm. With Otherwild, a friend recommended the store to me. I walked in one day and was like, This store is cool, do you like my jacket? It should be in this store. It helps if you have a great lookbook, no one likes emails, people like in person stuff. The past couple months planning my collection launch, half my job is in emails.  On Saturday, you’ll be personalizing garments with drawings from your flash. Using a flash is traditionally related to tattoo practices. Do you sort of see yourself in a parallel universe as tattoo artists and would you ever consider doing tattooing yourself? I really love tattoos and I definitely want to have a lot of them someday. For me, as an artist, I definitely want to make things more ephemeral that can represent a moment as opposed to forever. Maybe when I'm older, I’ll have a different opinion. A lot of people have asked me to do tattoos. We shall see. I have close friends who do them, and I have friends who’ve said they'd love to tattoo my work on people. There is a really cool community around tattoos and I've always loved the culture surrounding it. Flash just seems like the right word for my...repertoire.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017            The premium eyewear brand SALT. unveils their new limited-release collection of sunglasses: ‘California Scenario.’  The Californian brand founded in 2006 makes glasses that are entirely handcrafted in Japan, combining high-grade materials with third generation Japanese craftsmanship. The  limited-capsule collection was inspired by the California Scenario Garden, which was designed by Japanese-American artist Isamu Noguchi in 1982. The minimalist aesthetic of Japanese design, alongside a soft monochromatic color palette that was inspired by the gradient shades of the California coastline at dusk, resulted in the collection perfect for spring and summer .   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photo by Lance Gerber Peggy Noland is one of the few beings who has the pure might of being able to shine a neon pastel light on anyone to change their mood. Sullen moments are shifted at the sight of Noland, and when she speaks, her tone and words have the warmth that feels like a comforting long awaited hug. It is with this unique passion that she is able to extend into her work which is ever so bright and powerful. Her work channels pop nostalgia and reframes those concepts with a DIY style created in the spirit of punk and exaggerations.  Originally from Kansas City, the artist’s career was originally fashion focused while also utilizing her craft to create large scale displays,  replicas of familiar objects. Her artist practice has expanded from the fashion and led to her latest conceptual project which takes her signature humor and exaggerations with her version on the 2000’s Pimp My Ride. The project see her take familiar holographic car wraps and placing them with a crunchy textural finish, more similar to wrecked sheet metal. The technical work is astonishing as the gradient of the wrap goes from smooth to crunchy and dimensional. It is with this technique that she has adapted to this years Sonora Stage at Coachella for the 3rd year in a row. We caught up with her to discuss goo and slime, becoming a better producer and her reigning position as the “Texture Queen.” Congrats on Coachella! This is your third year in a row… The third year, yep. It’s the third year for the stage at all. We were out there the very first year they had the Sonora Stage.  It's your stage.  It feels that way, I don’t want to say that but it definitely feels that way.  They should change it to the Peggy Stage.  (Laughs) It's so funny, I told them they should change the name of Coachella to Sonora’s Third Birthday. I didn’t see the stage the first year, last year it felt like the people were caricatures that were jumping right into the walls.  Totally, it was very Instagram friendly, clip-art inspired. It was also very very last minute plan B. Because Plan A was this kind of metallic, tinsel treatment but we couldn’t get enough material here in time.  Photo by Lance Gerber So this year is kind of making up for the metallic, holographic- I think so. You’ve got it right on the nose. It’s definitely different than what was proposed, this came after I did that crinkle car and as soon as I saw it on the car I knew that I would be proposing it for the Sonora Stage. But it fills the same void that the metallic left last year, you’re exactly right. It’s always going to be colorful, but I feel like now it's going to be great to see it in a textural kind of way fully envisioned overall with the metallics and the color.  Totally, so there’s definitely texture this year, which is new. There’s also kind of hard and soft, the floor is very creamy and smooth and soft paints rolled together, and the walls are crisp and hard with pointed edges but that is also these hard edges that create this amazing rainbow in the foil, so I definitely like to imagine myself as a “Texture Queen,” How did you figure out to do the floor in that swirling pattern? I’m always swirling some paint together and trying to get into goo and swirl it around. Knowing we were going to do the holographic wrap in the walls, I was trying to find a complimentary paint on the floor, like the wall treatment, came first, the first inspiration point. The floor was my kind of answer to the walls, and I think the paint swirl was my first kinda test at how do I recreate a rainbow. How do I do with my hand what nature does so easily? You know, the swirl just came so naturally to that. I think that it's organic in a way. People just respond to slime and goo right now, do you know what I mean? I think people will feel that. Maybe you don’t have the tangible experience, you’re not touching it. But you see the swirl in hopefully the same way you would be mesmerized by an Instagram video on your feed of like paint mixing, or something. I hope that it strikes the same chord.  What is the process of it? Once you install, do you have to cure it and make sure everything doesn’t shift, and then in between roots, do you do fix ups? Yeah, it really is kind of a dance when we’re installing because the construction crews will often still be doing their stuff, and the lighting equipment is going in, and the sound test is needing to happen, so we're really in this giant collaboration, just doing what we all need to do to get it done and get out of each other’s way and everyone that I’ve worked with onsite has been so, so awesome to work with. Everyone has the same goal, obviously, so everyone is kind of working around each other. We don’t have to cure anything. Of course, our technique is different depending on what we're doing, but there is a lot of freedom in that this is only a three-day event. This is not up for a month, this is not up for a year. So painting a wooden floor, which is the most major component of the stage, like the floor becomes a gigantic mural, and its a great expanse. The floor became surprisingly the main priority for me in designing this stage because it’s the most visual until the band gets on stage and people are standing on the floor then the focal point, of course, changes to the stage It all gets done in a timeframe of around four to five days and then yes I come back out, midweek, to change out the foot covers, to wash any of the foot covers, to do any touch-ups, and depending on the damage, I will usually make that trip by myself, but you can kind of tell by the end of weekend one what the damage is going to be, if as night one someone has barfed all over your handmade flip covers. You’re like oh wait, I got to be prepared for this. So we make extras, keep them backstage in case there are any emergencies. I’ll usually come back out, check it out, and make sure it looks fresh for weekend two.  Peggy Noland Photographed by Joyce Kim And this year you’re also doing furniture, is that right? Yeah, we actually did furniture last year too, but both years including this one, we're just building on top of GoldenVoice’s furniture, so they have pre-made furniture on site and we are building off of those to make our shapes. The custom furniture is going to be new this year.  That’s amazing. I remember there was furniture, but it looks like the whole scene is so much more dimensional.  Totally, totally. I wanted to start talking about your background. You’re originally from Kansas City, right? I love Missouri. Every single person I’ve met from Missouri I absolutely love. Mmmhmmm. Aww, that’s really sweet. Thank you, we love you too.  I feel like I’m always around them too.  You know, there’s a lot of us out here. I will say that there really is. It true. Hopefully it's a positive addition. But yeah, I grew up in Independence, technically, Independence, Missouri which is a suburb of Kansas City and opened a shop there when I was in my early twenties and had that shop for thirteen years. I just closed it this summer because somebody bought our building, it was a painful closure. I certainly had imagined myself there for the rest of my life, but I had to make other plans. And out of that shop, I was selling clothes and creating immersive installations to house those clothes and that’s where the sculptural making grew out of and the installation came from the shop in Kansas City. And then I moved out here to Los Angeles about eight years or so ago, or nine years ago.  Oh wow, so I’ve known you for nine years? I know! We go way back now. And I feel like I’ve known of you for years before I moved out here for sure.  As I’ve heard of you… I feel like we’ve known each other, as far as like knowing each other in the internet age for a long time now baby, you’re an old friend. I moved out here mostly because I wanted to see what else there was outside of my hometown. I have been loving it ever since, and find myself busy with this type of immersive environment – playful, colorful, sculpture-driven environment – it seems to be what I do out here mostly. Photo by Lance Gerber I noticed that you’re now expanding into these car wraps Oh my god! That’s been one of the fun-ist projects. It’s kind of an homage to Pimp My Ride, naturally. And have done six cars now. And they’re all kind of different techniques. So, two of them have been car wraps. And the rest have been different versions of painting or crafting, right on the cars. It’s been fun. It feels very natural. It feels just like I’m making clothes in the same way that it feels like I’m making a big pattern or a big dress for a car. It scratches the same itch for me, but it feels like a new medium. It also is so great because it’s out in the public all the time. It’s parked outside 24 hours a day. And so it’s been such a joy to get tagged online, from all these people that see your artwork on an everyday basis. It’s such a joy. And that’s been an unexpected perk to this. Your art is out in the world driving all over town – all day, everyday – and people are tagging you on it. It’s fun. It’s really hard. It’s been a good challenge for my brain, to learn these new, more pro techniques that serve a really specific purpose. So it’s been a good creative challenge, too. And, cool that it led to the creative for Sonora Stage. Let’s talk about your crew. Who is coming up with you to work on this project? Anybody you’d like to highlight? Yeah. Well they’re all close friends of mine. About half of them I met through my shop in Kansas City, interning, or working for me over the years. One of them is my former sewing student at the Kansas City Art Institute. They’ve all since evolved into creative peers. The rest of the crew I met when I moved out here. And we all, kind of worked on the same projects all year round. And this kind of becomes like a fun art camp. They’re really crucial to my process and my attitude towards this. I definitely love doing this job, because I do it with them. They make the entire job for me. Photo by Lance Gerber How do you feel taking on a whole stage compared to the other artist who have installations around the festival, You’re literally fabricating something from scratch. Exactly! In four days. On site. It’s so nuts. It’s really nuts. ‘Cause we’re also in the middle of the desert. Like, we don’t have water to wash our paintbrushes. You know what I mean. It’s like really nuts work zone. We know it now. And we love it now. And we find a way. We gotta – We bring a paint bucket of dirty water with us, you know? What have you learned and picked up from this being the third year of the way to actually put things together. You were saying about the water and everything. I think I did become a better producer, I was talking about dry times. Like, paint drys so much different out there. And sometimes that’s good, if you want your paint to dry fast. Or it’s really bad if it’s clogging your paint gun. There’s just some specifics about working outside of your studio that certainly make for a unique experience. And like taking care of your crew. Like the catering is insane. And I learned that if you take care of your crew’s meals, and treat them really, really well, people are happy to be there. They are nourished, they feel comforted and taken care of. Like, it’s a better quality work experience for everybody. So that’s something I’ve learned, too. Eat well while you’re working hard. It matters in so many different ways. I like to work with the chaos. The last minute problems have to excite you. They can’t throw you off. Because it’s non-stop all day, last-minute situations that you need to figure out. So, you just have to like learn to fold that into your experience, and to expect it. I think those are the things that I’ve learned. I love that. It’s kind of perfect. Anything else that you’d like to mention? I love the people that I get to do this with. I think that’s the biggest thing. What a joy to get to make a bunch of art for other artists with your friends. I love that.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                           There’s nothing like an evening in the desert, let alone a star studded (astronomically and earthly-speaking) evening in Bermuda Dunes, still riding on the triumph that is Coachella, still sun-kissed, with the dust in our hair, ready to take on the night. Blessed with the presence and unmatched hosting acumen of Bella Thorne and Filthy Fangs, working effortlessly in concert with Fashion House Zadig & Voltaire, FLAUNT commenced the rallying cry for the upcoming CAUSE AND EFFECT issue, with our friends Gentle Monster, Packwoods, and others strutting their stuff like the Grand Bazaar.  The compound was sprawling; one minute we were gazing upon a behemoth ice sculpture with PartyAid suspended within, the next minute we’re passing cabanas that could rival Ipanema’s. The beating heart of this most celebrated soireé was the enclosed tent that served a swirl of sounds, lights and other spectacles. In a 21st-century bacchanalia, the pounding rhythms and spirited wordsmiths of The Soundflowers, Zeds Dead, Carter Cruise, Com3t, Gashi, Rich The Kid, Bec Adams & Zoe Bleu epitomized the fervor and extravagance that this hallowed weekend evokes.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Dior Maison X Dimore Studio  Dior Maison X Dimore Studio  Dior Maison X Dimore Studio  Dior Maison X Dimore Studio  Dior Maison X Dimore Studio  Dior Maison X Dimore Studio  Dior Maison X Dimore Studio  Dior Maison X Dimore Studio  Dior Maison X Dimore Studio  Dior Maison X Dimore Studio  Dior Maison X Dimore Studio On the occasion of the Salone del Mobile in Milan, Dior Maison has collaborated with Dimore Studio on a 14-piece capsule collection including vases, trays, place settings, and frames, all beautifully crafted with the clear influence of contemporary design and cannage, the House of Dior’s iconic code. Dimore Studio, an architecture and interior design studio founded in Milan in 2003, is known for their expertise in furniture design, lighting, and textiles. Entrusted with the task of creating a series of precious objects for the Dior Maison, they made sure not to disappoint. As the minds behind Dimore Studio, Emiliano Salci and Britt Moran, put it, they have created objects that “are truly timeless, that transcend any particular era.” Beautifully interweaving sharp geometric forms within an array of metals (gold, silver, bronze) and Plexiglas, the line has managed to make even an umbrella stand drool-worthy. Topped off with luxurious silver-lead work and golden details, they truly are a sight to behold.  The collection—spanning vases, trays, a candelabra, a lighter and an ashtray, place-settings, frames, and an umbrella stand—is previewing from April 9th to 11th at the Casa degli Atellani in Milan. As for the matter of purchasing, the pieces will be available exclusively by special order for only a one-year period, Place your order while you can. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Gad Elmaleh just released his new binge worthy Netflix Series “Huge in France.” The show follows the successful French comedian as he takes on a fictionalized version of himself and his attempts to get back into the life of his estranged son to spite his ex-wife and her lover. At the center of the show is Elmaleh’s son Luke played by Jordan Ver Hoeve, a lovable vacuous aspiring model, think a baby Zoolander. In real life the 23-year-old San Diego blonde already had his career modeling, while spending time in New York to homing in on his acting craft. We caught up with the young actor ahead of his grand debut to talk about buying pecs, dry humor, and Gaultier. Firstly I thought you were actually French or European? I know, I get messages all the time. I’m Dutch, that’s my ethnicity but I get messages all the time saying you’re Gad’s son, you’re French, I never seen you. Because he has an actual son, Noah, and it’s just funny because you got this tall, blonde boy who looks nothing like he’s from Paris and they’re like Gad has another son and I’m like no, it’s just from the show. Where are you from originally? I’m originally from San Diego, California and then after high-school I got the opportunity to move to New York for a little bit of work, so I was here for seven months and then I immersed myself in the acting, and I was coming back and forth frequently, so I just came back to LA to pursue my priority and my passions in acting. In New York were you doing more modeling stuff? Or more focused on theater or acting? Yes, I was still studying acting. I was coming back and forth for film and television stuff. In terms of auditions, but primarily there to do runway and fashion. I was like, you know what, I’m 18 and I’m graduating high school, I got this opportunity to go to New York and I’m going to take it. It was a great learning experience. So how did you get involved “Huge in France?” It’s hysterical.  Okay, so I’ve been pursuing acting for a while now and there’s just so many projects that come up. I was going out a lot, I just recently just got  new management, LA Management, and my manager is Tristan Marion, and she was sending me out constantly just doing whatever actor does, you just get the opportunity and hopefully get a callback.  So this project comes up called Huge in France, and my look, the character description was awesome. I really like the material they sent, so I just went out on it and immediately with the casting directors got such good vibes, I had so much fun with it. I just felt good. And so they wanted a model, kinda model looking character, which is hard because you’re almost type-casted in LA if you're a model. They’re like ‘oh, he’s just a model-actor’, but this was perfect because they wanted that type of look. So I went in, I read for it, felt really good, and then a couple of days later just got feedback that they really enjoyed it, and they were going to go along sending it to producers and callbacks, so it wasn’t like I booked it immediately, there was a long process. But that was kind of like the initial stage, like any other opportunity, just the audition that my manager found and submitted me for, and I auditioned.  Yeah, it’s actually funny, you’ve been in our magazine already.  Have I really? Yeah, the shoot with Torbjørn Rødland. That was such an awesome shoot. That was fun, I remember that.  Yeah, it was amazing. Let's talk about your character though. So he’s in high-school, trying to buy his pecs? This is why I love this because it's so dry but serious. My humor extends from his seriousness so I don't have any punch lines or jokes, the comedy is in the seriousness of his character, wanting these pecs. Wanting to be a supermodel, nothing in the world matters besides his success in becoming a supermodel, he’s a total Zoolander. Yeah, totally. (spoilers below) So he doesn’t feel like he has as much of an opportunity unless his pecs are large. He wants to impress the clientele. And he has this...I don’t wanna give out too much information on this show yet... but it drops tomorrow, excitedly. But he’s like yeah, so I got to get these pecs, I got to get them, I got to walk in New York Fashion Week. It’s really funny, but this is where the comedy comes in. When we were in Paris, filming with Jean Paul Gaultier he wasn’t offended or surprised by it. He was like oh yeah, I see guys all the time buy implants, pec implants. I was like ‘oh my gosh’ I’m pretty sure, he’s been around it all. Especially all the fashion people like that.  When we listened to it, and everyone was here in LA taping and filming, we were like ‘oh my gosh’ this is hilarious. And there he was like ‘oh yeah, I’ve seen it’  no shocks there. But that’s basically my character, he’s on this pursuit. It’s like nothing else matters at the moment, except him, his modeling, and his love interests.  Yeah, which I was going to say I felt very ‘womp womp’ when I saw the initial interaction, and you were kinda being bullied. It touched me, I felt like everybody has been there.  Yeah, I know for sure.  That’s so funny. So how was your development with you and Gad’s character, in regards to how you guys connected as part of the process of getting into the roles? Oh my Gosh, he is honestly one of the most down-to-earth, genuine guys. On set, it wasn’t like we were acting, because there was such a strong connection between Gad and me and all the cast members. It felt like a family. Yeah, on the show we have this evolving relationship, but in terms of showing up on set or working outside of set on our lines, there was such a strong connection immediately, it just felt like I was having fun reading lines with a family member or a friend. It was just on the weekends when we would have some time, he would invite me to brunch or a hike, where we would read lines. We had such a rigorous shooting schedule  Monday through Friday, slash Saturday just constant go go go. So Sunday, it would be like let's just chill out, read lines, shoot some pool. I had met this guy for a couple of weeks, or within weeks, it was literally like we had known each other for a long time, and it was like that with everyone. It was just really cool and very fortunate, because I know there are discrepancies on set, and was very fortunate to feel like literally at home on set. Like when I was leaving my apartment I felt like I was going home on set.  I wanted to also know what other projects are you working on? I’m constantly working on my acting. Even picking up an iPhone and filming with friends is fun, but in terms of projects, I will definitely continue working with Netflix. Such a great platform to be a part of and not only that, but they treat you so well. So hopefully some projects with them and if we get some good feedback with “Huge in France”, maybe a little season 2 going on and then I’m super interested in doing features and feature films and working with my friends who are writers and maybe starring in their projects if they’re interested. So just staying active in any way, and I feel that’s important for an actor. Regardless if it's just getting simple headshots printed to booking a job, whatever you can do to progress.  How much did you prepare for altering your body? What is your background in working out? I’ve always been into athletics. My main sport was Golf when I was younger, but I was a football player, I was always doing hobbies like BMX Biking, deep sea freediving, just constantly staying active somewhat.  I’ve always had that athletic skill, an athletic mindset like competitive edge, competitive mindset as well. With the modeling too, they want a very particular look so I was kind of used to manipulating and cutting down or working on this. I also learned human physiology to and anatomy. The human body is so cool how much we still don’t know and are still learning, it just fascinates me. So to be able to go into this role where I did have to make some changes to my body, I had to cut down a little bit here but not to the point where it was like I had to look like my modeling days, so it was cool to take on the challenge. It’s almost like your body is a canvass, so to adjust your body to that cycle. I’ve always just been active, like here on this interview I was like ‘I’m just going to go on a walk and do it.’ It wasn’t like a crazy adjustment, but it was fun to kind of like have this new goal, this physical goal for this show, rather than just standing in front of the camera where they don’t get to see Jordan’s personality. I don’t know, it was just fun to make myself my own project, look my best, eat my best, train the best I could to look good for the show. I wanted to make a good first impression on the biggest thing I’ve booked and one of the best opportunity so it was a fun experience for sure. And what is your relationship with your step-father and mother in the show? I think that dynamic is so quintessentially LA. Oh my gosh, my mom is such a cliche LA mom and my dad is such a cliche LA step-dad. I have no issue with that, so am I, I’m cliche, just living up that super-dramatic, exaggerated lifestyle. My mom runs a brand called Exhale, and she’s super serious about it. My step-dad wants to be an actor, but he makes excuses that he’s too busy focusing on my goals. I have the best relationship with him because he’s able to push me, to train me, to get me closer to that goal. It’s really funny, which is what I like about the show. Yeah, it’s Gad’s show, but there are so many more elements to it that its just awesome. I think one of the best aspects is the relationship between me, my step-dad, and my mom and it’s just so funny because we’re so serious. It’s great, and just in general. Errin Hayes who plays my mom and Matthew Del Negro some of the nicest, I said people I’ve gone to work with and just super talented. It’s cool to show up to set and to work with people that you’ve seen before. Me and Matthew read and immediately, right off the bat hit-it-off. I think we went out to lunch the next day just to hang out, it was awesome.   Photographed by: Christopher Patey Styled by: Enrique Melendez Grooming: Sacha Quarles Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    GUESS Vintage at Fred Segal  GUESS Vintage at Fred Segal  GUESS Vintage at Fred Segal  GUESS Vintage at Fred Segal  GUESS Vintage at Fred Segal  GUESS Vintage at Fred Segal  GUESS Vintage at Fred Segal  GUESS Vintage at Fred Segal  GUESS Vintage at Fred Segal  GUESS Vintage at Fred Segal  GUESS Vintage at Fred Segal  GUESS Vintage at Fred Segal  GUESS Vintage at Fred Segal  GUESS Vintage at Fred Segal  GUESS Vintage at Fred Segal  GUESS Vintage at Fred Segal When reflecting on 80’s and 90’s casual American style, GUESS Jeans has been synonymous with the iconic imagery associated with the Marciano brothers and Ellen Von Unwerth’s depiction of the blonde bombshell, think  Claudia Schiffer and Anna Nicole Smith to name a few. It is with that same popularity that has continued throughout the years as various models have stepped up to give their take on a time-honored tradition as the brand’s ambassadors. Recently, under the direction of Nicolai Marciano, the denim giant has been guided through the digital age with their various collaborators who continue to carry the GUESS spirit. The renaissance includes reissues and collaborative efforts that dive deep into the archives such as the fruitful GUESS x A$AP Rocky collection, which merged old-school styles with millennial sensibilities.  Taking notice, the label would go all in and embrace the strong heritage that also holds a place in the worlds of sustainability and the long beloved 80s graphic language. The latest project to come from the denim house is the GUESS Vintage pop up at Fred Segal. The pop up presented a selection of vintage GUESS curated by Sean Wotherspoon that was sourced through a rebuying program. The garments are complemented by a silk-screening station which uses those classic 80s graphics, including Foxy, an 80’s GUESS mascot, a beloved brand emblem that is sure to have a bigger resurfacing.   All this focus on the vintage is just the start as the eco-friendly echo has the brand seeing a change throughout the entire company. These new changes include using more dead stock garments and switching out lightbulbs throughout all the store locations. Water is reduced by using lasers techniques to distress denim, a practice that used to rely on stone washing techniques in the past. The brand is also one of the only  to be involved with the Responsible Rayon Program, a global rayon initiative set up to source and recycle the fabrics for commercial reproduction. We got some words in with Marciano ahead of the pop up to learn more about this new project. How did GUESS start with gathering all the vintage? Vintage is obviously a huge part of our history. With doing the GUESS Jeans USA  program for the past few years, which is all derive from the archive, it’s something special to take a piece of our archive and show it to the consumer and educate them on all the Vintage GUESS that’s out there and bringing it to one confined activation. Sean Wotherspoon, who we’ve been working with on the Farmers Market and a few other things, is obviously really involved in the whole Vintage world but also in sustainability. With this all being vintage, we’re promoting upcycling the product which is sustainable, and that’s something that GUESS has a much bigger vision for in general. All the vintage is here, we’ve been sourcing for maybe the past year or the past six months, and just getting it from all over the country, all over the world, and putting it together.  Could you tell me more about the silk screening and the use of these classic graphics? For the silk screening here, all of those shirts that we’re printing on our deadstock GUESS shirts from the 80s-- like white tees that we’ve had boxed up. All the graphics that we’re featuring are from our graphic archive which are also from 80s to 90s so we’re doing a one-time release of these graphics at the activation for people to either use on the white tees-- on the dead-stock tees-- or if they want to customize vintage, themselves.  What about the art? It’s really amazing, I thought it was recently commissioned.  No, it’s not. We’ve actually had it for a really long time by Vladimir Kordic,  it’s something we’ve had- that’s like hung up around the office and, you know, is really interesting to see all of these kind of Norman Rockwell paintings with all the GUESS subtle branding within them all so we thought that would be something good to - It’s really contemporary somehow. Yeah, it’s cool. I like it a lot. Good. Is there anything else you’d like to mention about this activation and the GUESS Vintage, in general? Is this something you want to carry on with? Yeah, this is definitely something I think we’re going to continue to do. Probably activation based and eventually have an online portion of it.     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Danse Lente U.S. Pop Up  Danse Lente U.S. Pop Up  Danse Lente U.S. Pop Up  Danse Lente U.S. Pop Up  Danse Lente U.S. Pop Up  Danse Lente U.S. Pop Up  Danse Lente U.S. Pop Up The popular street style fashion brand, Danse Lente is making waves in LA this week with its first U.S. pop up at Melrose Place. The brands iconic style incorporates architectural and contemporary design for handbags and accouterments , taking a different approach for the LA market.  “I chose Melrose Place as our location for its pretty shops and European aesthetic. I also admire and am influenced by a lot of artists and sculptors from the Mediterranean and love work that comes from warm countries or places which led us to launch our first U.S. pop up in LA.” - Youngwon Kim, Creative Director of Danse Lente. Kim wanted to create a space infusing fresh and sporty style which can be seen in the fun and innovative pieces featured in this collection, unlike any of the Danse Lente original aesthetic style. The pop up will include art fixtures of custom designed football benches that scale the walls of Melrose Place and mint green lockers housing product throughout the venue.  Kim is excited to show the new “Josh” style and diversity here in LA, and feels its the perfect season to do so.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Easily one of the coolest efforts to come out of the 2019 edition of Salone del Mobile, a crucial stop on the global design circuit, is the latest from Marni. The furniture folks over at the Italian fashion house have taken an intergalactic but relaxed approach in crafting the Marni Moon Walk, on view April 11 - 14. They use relaxed forms, deployed in a high-end aesthetic, blending gentle pastels to add a playfulness for daytime accessibility over at Viale Umbria 42. But the true power of the pieces unfold themselves as day shifts to night. So while in the light these objects are beach ready and exciting, adorned in bold primary colors, with gentle trim lines, it’s the black light-esque club environment that turns up the proverbial volume. I’m thinking perhaps it would work well as a backdrop for psytrance, cyber techno or even posh electro. The stepped fencing provides just the right industrial feel for the adult playground, literally with slides (as in the kind you slide down). The firm was attempting to create a space in with “primitive allure” that taps into an “imagination of the future,” with adaptable products like wooden and metal coffee tables, as well as natural fiber rugs. Marni even went so far as to make animal-shaped stools out of metal, which it had painted by hand. Marni Moon Walk April 11 - 14 2019 Viale Umbria 42 Milan, Italy Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Mad Decent Spring/Summer 2019 Capsule  Mad Decent Spring/Summer 2019 Capsule  Mad Decent Spring/Summer 2019 Capsule  Mad Decent Spring/Summer 2019 Capsule  Mad Decent Spring/Summer 2019 Capsule  Mad Decent Spring/Summer 2019 Capsule  Mad Decent Spring/Summer 2019 Capsule  Mad Decent Spring/Summer 2019 Capsule  Mad Decent Spring/Summer 2019 Capsule  Mad Decent Spring/Summer 2019 Capsule  Mad Decent Spring/Summer 2019 Capsule  Mad Decent Spring/Summer 2019 Capsule  Mad Decent Spring/Summer 2019 Capsule  Mad Decent Spring/Summer 2019 Capsule  Mad Decent Spring/Summer 2019 Capsule  Mad Decent Spring/Summer 2019 Capsule  Mad Decent Spring/Summer 2019 Capsule This Thursday, the record label Mad Decent is dropping its Spring Summer 2019 capsule returning to their usual programming with seasonal drops. Similar to the label’s ability in creating success for emerging artists, the capsule, itself, is about pushing boundaries, a program that the label has nurtured like one of its prized artists.  The collection ranges in bright prints to classic black tees with the Mad Decent logo and other psychedelic designs, perfect for people who are down for a weird, fun, and exciting time. Cop your gear here  Photos by Ben Searles courtesy of Mad Decent Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Jil Sander | Adjacent Field  Jil Sander | Adjacent Field  Jil Sander | Adjacent Field  Jil Sander | Adjacent Field  Jil Sander | Adjacent Field  Jil Sander | Adjacent Field The new Jil Sander+ collection is to be showcased during Milan Design Week 2019, featuring clothing made perfect for adventure to  a sea oasis, some hidden mountains, or by the quiet countryside. Whatever you may choose, the theme of nature is a connecting factor between the clothes and the exhibit’s design at Jil Sanders’ headquarters titled Adjacent Field.  Alongside Lucie and Luke Meier, artist Linda Tegg has brought to life a macrocosm dedicated to plant life, one of Earth’s most precious gifts. Mosses, succulents, blackberry, geranium, high mallow, ivy, scutch grass, and wild sage flurry throughout the luscious assemblage. The exhibit’s beauty extends further—enchanted by Nic Burnham’s lighting and given its modern touch by garden designer Metteo Foschi.   The exhibit will grow into a new life after its time, as some of the plants will take on this new life, remaining part of the permanent assemblage, and others will return back to their beloved environments.  The Jil Sander Milanese flagship more will further extend as grounds to showcase 5 large-scale field photographs by David Fox. The essence of all of the art as a collective ideal is to pair the essence of indoors with outdoors, natural and man-made.  Photos courtesy of Jil Sander Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photo credit: Louis Vuitton / Stephane Muratet Photo credit: Louis Vuitton / Stephane Muratet Photo credit: Louis Vuitton / Stephane Muratet Photo credit: Louis Vuitton / Stephane Muratet Photo credit: Louis Vuitton / Stephane Muratet Photo credit: Louis Vuitton / Stephane Muratet Photo credit: Louis Vuitton / Stephane Muratet Photo credit: Louis Vuitton / Stephane Muratet Photo credit: Louis Vuitton / Stephane Muratet  The Louis Vuitton Objets Nomade’s collection has been every visionary vacationer’s delight in life. Since it’s launch in 2012, the collection has grown to forty-five limited edition objects of odyssey that turn to gold from the touch of the fingertips of some of fashion’s most elite. The most recent collection was shown at the Palazzo Serebelloni in Milan, and it ushered in two new studios: Atelier Biagetti and Zanellato/Bortotto. The idea of objects stretched to architecture for the on-the-go as Fuorisalone was home to the house’s collaboration with Sigeru Ban’s Temporary Paper Structure. Blue Louis Vuitton leather laced the legs of Atelier Oi’s Serpentine dining table on display, being just another example of how the collection is an ode to original LV and its worldwide influential explorations. The new Objects Nomade’s include: Happy Chairs by Raw Edges, Venitian suspended lamp by Marcel Wanders, Woven sofa, vase, and chair by Marcel Wanders, Chair and puff by the Campana brothers, and Plateaux/Tray by India Mahdavi.  Photo credit: Louis Vuitton / Stephane Muratet Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Slashed by Tia Fall/Winter 2019  Slashed by Tia Fall/Winter 2019  Slashed by Tia Fall/Winter 2019  Slashed by Tia Fall/Winter 2019  Slashed by Tia Fall/Winter 2019  Slashed by Tia Fall/Winter 2019 Slashed by Tia Fall/Winter 2019 Teni “Tia” Adeola, founder of Slashed by Tia, is New York based with roots in Nigeria and London and has enough creativity to conquer the world at just 21 years old. The brand highlights sheer and ruffled looks that took instagram by storm and even gained recognition from stars such as Gigi Hadid and SZA. While designing and finishing her degree at The New School, Tia used her dorm room essentials as well as knowledge of social media to not only make her own brand but truly create an empire for young women in fashion. Inspired by Renaissance fashion, Slashed by Tia blends the here and now of street style with the sophistication of society’s past. Hop on the hype now, this girl is just getting started.  You’re originally from Nigeria, grew up in London and are now based in New York. How have the different environments you have lived in shaped your style and artistic goals? I often say “Slashed by Tia is for every girl “and this is because I’ve been surrounded by women from several countries around the world and I aim to make items that rightfully work for every girl yet still incorporate my interests.  Can you recall when you first cultivated your passion for fashion? Yes, from right when I was very young as far back as 5/6. Kids at that age are usually like I want to be a teacher or a fire fighter, but I always said I wanted to be a designer and would make clothes for my dolls and customize my school uniform till my mum complained. It was just something I always knew; I’ve always been drawn to clothing.  Slashed by Tia Fall/Winter 2019 What was it like for you to present at New York Fashion Week at only 20 years old? It felt great, I’m pretty good with chaos and I always have such good people who genuinely love my clothes working with me and around me and that just makes it all worth it!  How would you describe the aesthetic of Slashed by Tia? I’d say modern renaissance. How did you manage to create a brand while also being in school full time? Taking on a brand and school simultaneously was something that just kind of happened. When I realized that I was actually responsible for people’s money and had women counting on me to look their best I had to become very responsible. Making notes of everything, not go out partying with my friends because I knew shipments had to go out by 10 the next day and I had class at 12 noon till 6 so if I slipped up, I’d be a day late. I just had to get my act together, make sacrifices and prioritize.  What are your inspirations for your looks and your sheer fabric designs specifically? I’m inspired particularly by the renaissance and continuously finding ways to put a modern twist to a time period where POC weren’t even acknowledged. The sheer in particular comes from living in New York and my confidence growing as an individual. I’m probably my most confident and boldest self since I’ve been living here and that’s translated into my art. I would’ve never dreamt of designing sheer clothes years ago while still living in Nigeria.  Slashed by Tia Fall/Winter 2019 Do you feel you have more success in the industry due to the fact that you are in the social media generation and know how to manage it due to your age? I wouldn’t say I have more success because like you mentioned we are in the social media generation; everyone has access to it and is able to utilize it. What I would say is that it has put me in a position to be able to express myself and put out my art with no bounds. I’m able to explore my creative side and collaborate with amazing people to put out the best content to further push my brand. It’s something I enjoy doing and do authentically and people are drawn to authenticity.  What’s next for you and for Slashed by Tia? I’m graduating in May which I’m very nervous about but I’m also looking forward to it and being able to put all my time into growing it and owning my own showroom and hiring WOC. I’m also currently working on a graduation collection.  Slashed by Tia Fall/Winter 2019 Photographed by: Jason Rowe Styled by: Bianca Arielle Bailey additional shoes and accessories by Nicole Saldana, Dannijo, and Nroda Makeup: Alana Wright Produced by Teni Adeola Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Twenty years ago Bvlgari changed the realm of fashion forever when they introduced the B.Zero1 series featuring a ring whose band was meant to resemble the famed Rome Coliseum. Gone were the days of circular, old-fashioned bands and, suddenly, designers began to take note by producing bands which paid more attention to style and form. Bulgari celebrates the collection’s anniversary with Iconic Women of Design, a video series produced in partnership with T Brand Studios.  The video series focuses on different women who’ve helped changed the course of their profession with innovative, and creative ideas. Kim Gordon, the visual artist and founding member of the noise rock band Sonic Youth, speaks about her creative process, as well as her relationship with music. Architect Toshiko Mori, the force behind such mind-bending projects like the Brooklyn Children’s Museum Rooftop Pavilion and the Syracuse Center of Excellence, is framed in her own lived-in environments where she discusses the intimacy behind spatial design.   Tschabalala Self, whose art explores the black female body by using synthetic hair and chocolate milk, takes the viewer into her studio, revealing her inspirations behind the work she creates.  Celebrity chef, as well as Michelin Award Winner, Dalad Kambhu, whose restaurant Kin Dee breathed new life in the Berlin dining scene, is captured as she prepares a meal inside her kitchen, speaking about the powers behind collaboration, a central element in her creative process.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Ermenegildo Zegna Essenze Eau de Parfum Collection Launch  Ermenegildo Zegna Essenze Eau de Parfum Collection Launch  Ermenegildo Zegna Essenze Eau de Parfum Collection Launch  Ermenegildo Zegna Essenze Eau de Parfum Collection Launch  Alessandro Sartori, Patrice Béliard  Carlo Sestini  Eric Under Wood, Carlo Sestini, Q Mike  Eric Under Wood   Patrice Béliard, Gildo Zegna  Q Mike Ermenegildo Zegna just launched a new collection of scents with Estée Lauder Companies. The new collection called Essenze Eau de Parfum was unveiled during Salone del Mobile. The launch was celebrated with a dynamic fragrance installation which was presented by T H E U N S E E N, the London based exploration house founded by Material Alchemist Lauren Bowker.   The collection is comprised of five bespoke fragrances: Mediterranean Neroli, Indonesian Oud, Madras Cardamom, Florentine Iris, and Italian Bergamot. All offering deep rich masculine scents that keep align with the free-spirited, sophisticated and confident Zegna man, one of  luxury whilst dressing with his own rules. At the Launch event hosted at Ermenegildo Zegna Global Store in Milan,T H E U N S E E N’s installation featured 5 pods which offered environments each fully dedicated to the sensory experience to each scent.  Photos courtesy of Ermenegildo Zegna Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Bronx Museum of the Arts Gala  Bronx Museum of the Arts Gala  Swizz Beatz and Deborah Cullen  Swizz Beatz  Bronx Museum of the Arts Gala  Bronx Museum of the Arts Gala  TK Wonder   Bronx Museum of the Arts Gala  Bronx Museum of the Arts Gala  Sanford Biggers in front of his auction artwork  Karen Robinovitz and Junko Kobayashi Last night the Bronx Museum of Arts reached a milestone, their annual Bronx Gala lead by Executive Director Deborah Cullen raised over a million dollars making it the most profitable gala in the museum’s history. The event honored  Hank Willis Thomas and Eric Gottesman for their work with For Freedoms, Junko Kobayashi, the President of the Stan Lee Foundation, and art journalist and curator Carey Lovelace.  The gala began how any gala should, with drinking. The opening cocktail hour witnessed guests sipping curated cocktails while perusing the auction artworks, which included works from Sanford Biggers, Zoe Buckman, KAWS, Angel Otero, and many more. Afterwards, guests shuffled into the dining room for a plated dinner and an exclusive performance from TK Wonder. The performance segued into the night’s honorees, where famed record producer Swizz Beatz presented the Art for Justice Visionaries Award to Hank Willis Thomas and Eric Gottesman for the work they commit to with For Freedoms. Karen Robonivotiz, co-author of The Fashionista Files: Adventures in Four-inch Heels and Faux Pas, gave the Lifetime Achievement Award to Junko Kobayashio for the work she does as President of the Stan Lee Foundation, Joseph Mizzi, Chairperson of BxMA Board of Trustees handed out the Visionaries Pathmaker Award to the historic art journalist Carey Lovelace.  After the awards were handed out, Sara Friedlander led a successful auction which raised funds for the museum to continue its free admission program as well as it’s educational programs which reach more than 16,000 Bronx youth every year.  Photos by Rommel Demano/BFA. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    JIL SANDER bag.  HERON PRESTON jeans  JACQUEMUS walet.  1017 ALYX 9SM bag  MARTINE ROSE t-shirt.  SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO dress  SEE BY CHLOÉ pants  MIU MIU glasses   M.I.H JEANS shorts  NOKI dress  MISSONI MARE dress  ACNE STUDIOS  glasses  BURBERRY shoes  ANDY WOLF glasses.  PRADA bag  MYKITA glasses  1017 ALYX 9SM shorts  JACQUEMUS shirt  PACO RABANNE bag  PACO RABANNE skirt  PRADA shoe  CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN bag   HOUSE OF LAFAYETTE hat  ISABEL MARANT pants  PREEN BY THORNTON BREGAZZI skirt  BAO BAO ISSEY MIYAKE  bag  BALMAIN bodysuit  PRADA shirt  MISSONI MARE top  RICK OWENS shoes  VALENTINO hat Spring is finally upon us, and with it, festival season prep. One in particular is on everyone’s mind, as we all (my closest friends, included) search in a frenzy for the perfect outfit for the most Instagrammable of them all, Coachella. Yes, I said it — “Instagrammable.” Might be cringy (don’t worry, I already did), but let’s be honest with ourselves, that’s a large part of the Coachella experience, so why deny it? Instead, let’s break down the essentials so you can build outfits that are 1) functional and 2) look good. That’s the whole idea, right? As we all know, over the past few seasons, there’s been plenty of runway collections referencing classic workwear and streetwear, and this occasion is no exception. Think about it, the more pockets, the better. You can carry everything you need (wallet, chapstick, sunglasses, illicit substances, etc.) and still have your hands free in the midst of the crowd. Tactical vests, cargo shorts, crossbody bags—whatever it may be, grab for ones with pockets, and plenty of them. (See images, Alyx Studio, Jil Sander, and obviously -- Prada, have some killer options). Adjacent to the workwear/streetwear trend, look for footwear options with a more substantial, “chunkier” sole. Of course, they lend as an interesting design element, but first and foremost, we’re thinking practicality. Larger sole = more cushion = less blisters = better experience. Make sense? But I would also like to make the point that balance is key here. This is not the occasion to pull out your trusty Balenciaga’s. There will be a lot of walking and that kind of weight won’t do you you any favors. Think soles meant for hiking, because that’s what you’re about to be doing a lot of. Now let’s think of two things even more fundamental to building an outfit for the desert. Might seem obvious, but from the photos I’ve seen in years past, I guess not. 1) Colors. 2) Fabrics.  If you’re about to be standing 8+ hours in the desert sun, the last thing you want is to feel like you’re suffocating under your black leather chaps. Opt for brighter sand/earth tones that emulate the desert landscape (creams, tans, greens, etc.) with occasional pops of color (i.e. oranges/reds), in fabrics that’ll let your skin breathe (cotton, linen, mesh, nylon, etc.) Rule of thumb: run from anything resembling latex like the plague. Thank me later. Last, the final touches. The small cherries on top that’ll elevate even a basic tee and shorts to a proper fit. Sunglasses. Hats. Button-downs. Bags. Do not neglect the details. These pieces are where men are given the most room to experiment and switch things up, so take advantage of it. Look for interesting patterns, designs, colorways, etc. Save the classics for the base (I’ll never pass on a plain white tee). This is the place to spice things up.  To close things off, remember what Coachella is. It’s a music and arts festival. Enjoy the music and art. Spend less time tracking your Instagram metrics and more time taking in what all is around you. There will be plenty of other days for you to post an OOTD. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Austrian-born, LA-bred Marlon Rabenreither has become a staple in his city through bringing Los Angeles much needed sounds of true Americana -  blues, country, and rock n’ roll. Formerly of the Sister Ruby Band, Rabenreither set out on his own in 2013, and has since kept busy through the release of his three albums under the name Gold Star. As he embarks on tour for his latest release, Uppers and Downers - an album of highs and lows that features Cameron Avery of Tame Impala on piano and Cole Alexander and Zumi Rosow of Black Lips - we caught up with the artist to talk about recording in the historic Valentine Studios, those that have influenced him, and what to look forward to this year.  ALLSAINTS shirt and talent’s own jacket, pants, and boots. First off, how did the name Gold Star come to be?  Gold Star Studios was a recording studio from the 50’s based in Hollywood. It’s really associated with Brian Wilson and The Beach Boys and famously Phil Spector as well, but I always liked how the name could be interpreted in so many different ways.  What drove you to make music?  I guess for me it wasn’t so much of a conscious decision to become a musician as much as music has always been a part of my life. Music has always fascinated me and even as a kid I always played... l don’t think I had a choice really. ALLSAINTS shirt and talent’s own pants and sunglasses. What are you currently working on?  Right now I am writing and recording a new record which I am really thrilled about. I’m probably more excited about this batch of songs then anything I have ever written.  What was the inspiration behind your latest record Uppers and Downers?  I’m inspired by the people and places around me. I often just write about my circumstances at the time... those songs are about my city and my friends. Just a little piece of my life I guess.  ALLSAINTS shirt and talent’s own pants and sunglasses. Your recording process for your album took place in LA's historic Valentine Studios. Can you tell us about your experience creating in a space where greats like The Beach Boys and Frank Zappa made music?   That studio is a really inspiring environment. There’s no recording studio I have ever been to quite like it- it’s a real time capsule. It’s largely unchanged from the days of Zappa and The Beach Boys. In many ways we set out to make a recording using similar techniques and equipment. That studio has a really particular sound to it, also it’s the coolest looking studio!  ALLSAINTS shirt and talent’s own tank top, jeans, boots, and sunglasses. As a fan of Black Rebel Motorcycle Club myself, what was it like working with Nicolas Jodoin on Uppers and Downers?   I’m a big BRMC fan myself and that definitely contributed to me wanting to work with Nicolas. He runs Valentine and has become a good friend. He has worked on a lot of cool projects lately- everything from Curtis Harding to Black Lips and The Coat Hangers. He really pushed me to make the songs interesting and worked hard to capture my vision for the record. Which artists have had an influence on you?  I’ve been listening to a lot of Sharon Van Etten, Sam Evian and Big Thief lately. But I have been influenced by everything from Leonard Cohen to Portishead.  Who is someone you'd like to collaborate with dead or alive?  Stiv Bators.  Talent’s own jacket, shirt, pants, shoes, and glasses Any plans or ambitions for 2019 you'd like to talk about?  Keep an eye out for the next record! Photographed by Manuel Mancilla   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Jil Sander+ Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander+ Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander+ Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander+ Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander+ Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander+ Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander+ Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander+ Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander+ Fall/Winter 2019 Jil Sander encourages us to step out of the hustle and bustle of city life and embrace an aesthetic more complimentary to a quaint lifestyle, embracing the curves of nature and sweet sounds of the wild. The unisex garments mold comfortably to the wearer, creating highly functional, yet sleek design made to create a sense of ease.  Jil Sander+ falls under the creative direction of the design duo Lucie and Luke Meier. Having grown up in the mountains, their love for nature and the activities it offers motivated them to create beautiful, practical pieces made to endure a variety of weather.   Designed with purpose, the + indicates honest, functional, organic fabrics and design. In a partnership with the outerwear brand Mackintosh, the Fall-Winter 2019-20 line features an array of trousers, shirts, jackets, jumpsuits, and packable outerwear paired with a natural color palette.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Courtesy of Grey State With our culture shifting to comfort and modesty as minimalist statements of the modern chic, the trend of  that oh so dreamy Hygge is not going anywhere soon. Grey State prides themselves in making responsible clothes by following the guidelines of the UN’s Sustainability Goals. Its collection functions to serve a range of lifestyles— apparel that fits perfectly within any on-the-go wardrobe. A female owned and operated company, Grey State is filled with empowered women seeking to enlighten the lives of other working women with functional, trendy clothes.  Courtesy of Grey State With the wide concept of creating garments for every type of woman, the collection has been curated in a way which is trend relevant but not trend driven. This system makes for a brand which harbors that lasting power, one which many sustainable models aspire to. The ease of season-less and neutral color palates makes for a fun base addition for mixing and matching with your existing closet.  Courtesy of Grey State Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    LALIQUE X ARIK LEVY  LALIQUE X ARIK LEVY  LALIQUE—EURYDICE  LALIQUE—EURYDICE  LALIQUE—EURYDICE   LALIQUE—EURYDICE  LALIQUE—1925  LALIQUE—1925  LALIQUE—1925  LALIQUE—ARÉTHUSE  LALIQUE—ARÉTHUSE  LALIQUE—ARÉTHUSE  LALIQUE—ARÉTHUSE  LALIQUE—ARÉTHUSE  LALIQUE—ARÉTHUSE  LALIQUE—ARÉTHUSE  LALIQUE—ARÉTHUSE  LALIQUE—ARÉTHUSE LALIQUE, named after the ‘inventor of modern jewellery’, René-Jules Lalique, debuted their second Lifestyle Presentation at The Greenwich Hotel, introducing masterfully sculpted designs that perfectly embody the timeless French lifestyle. Following Lalique tradition, the collections took inspiration from nature, more specifically—flora, fauna, and the feminine, the three bodies around which René Lalique originally won over his distinguished clientele. On April 2nd, the brand presented a beautiful assortment of designs bound in luxury, comprised of introductions to the brand’s six different brand pillars: jewelry, decorative objects, fragrance, interior design, art, and hospitality.  The jewelry presented brought a contemporary twist to René Lalique's original designs, employing more modern, streamlined stylings, inspired by the Art Deco movement, as well as elevated materials and colorways. While these advances were made, the designs made sure to preserve the brand’s “vintage” legacy, even incorporating motifs rooted in antiquated Greek mythologies. Coming in an assortments of colors, with lines made for both men and women, there seems to be something for everyone.  As for art and decorative objects—as we know art and design to not be mutually exclusive—Lalique has teamed up with artist Arik Levy and sports car manufacturer, McLaren, to bring a series of crystal works inspired by nature, and the ways by which we and the creatures around us interact with it. Arik Levy, multi-talented artist whose talents amass genres of sculpture, painting, photography, design, and video, has teamed up with the brand to make Rockstone 40, a 40-centimeter-tall “totemic structure,” inspired by “spatial dimension and the phenomenon of reflection.” Made of crystal, the design comes in four different colors, each corresponding with a different facet of nature—red (fire/survival), blue (water/sky/azure), green (plantlife/nature), and clear (light/air/oxygen). Next, McLaren and Lalique teamed up to create crystallized embodiments of nature’s fastest creatures in Essence of Speed, embodying the intersection by which the two names meet—in their appreciation for the greatness within nature and its lifeforms. Like Lalique, the car manufacturer has found inspiration in nature’s own, so in a way, the collaboration seems to give homage to the grounds upon which they’ve built themselves. Whether it be founded in a fascination for light or in an affinity for cheetahs and falcons, Lalique has made it clear that our greatest inspiration should be what is already all around us, whether it be the air we breathe or the ground we walk on.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Richie Shazam at the Aperture Spring Benefit 2019  Aperture Spring Benefit 2019  Aperture Spring Benefit 2019  Erwin Olaf at the Aperture Spring Benefit 2019   Aperture Spring Benefit 2019  Aperture Spring Benefit 2019  Aperture Spring Benefit 2019  Dara Allen at the Aperture Spring Benefit 2019  Antwaun Sargent at the Aperture Spring Benefit 2019  Dara Allen  at the Aperture Spring Benefit 2019   Stefano Tonchi and Ethan James Green at the Aperture Spring Benefit 2019  Aperture Spring Benefit 2019  Aperture Spring Benefit 2019  Aperture Spring Benefit 2019  Aperture Spring Benefit 2019  Aperture Spring Benefit 2019  Aperture Spring Benefit 2019 At the Aperture Spring benefit, the Paradise Club dance floor was lit by an exploding sun overhead. Rays of LEDs bathed the House of Yes dancers in red light as the supermodel Alek Wek looked on. The evening was at a tipping point— that magic 20 minutes between the end of a Dinner and the start of the after party, when getting a drink is easy. I walked around Paradise Club twice before finding a voyeuristic private room. Inside, a live stream of the crowded dance floor faces a bed covered with pillows screen printed with photographs by 29-year-old photographer Ethan James Green. The evening celebrates his forthcoming monograph, which features portraits of the city’s queer and gender fluid boldface names, like Hari Nef, Matthew Domescek, and Nicky Ottav. He’s like a millenial Nan Goldin. After finishing a glass of champagne, I see Zsela and Dara Allen nearby before running into Carly Mark and Richie Shazam. Back on the dance floor, the artist Martine Gutierrez runs down the catwalk wearing TLC silk pajamas. The crowd watches intently. She contorts her face and body while lip syncing a sensual, tormented rendition of Celine Dion’s All By Myself. A very high res slideshow of Green’s work backlights the solo dancer’s silhouette. The number ends and the party starts back up again. I notice that I’m surrounded by models and a number of faces from the pillows, and, feeling small, head for the elevator. On the sidewalk around midnight, huge electronic billboards make it as bright as day. I hail a cab back downtown, where I run into Richie again at Kiki’s the next afternoon, in the real sun.  Photos courtesy of Aperture/ BFA Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photo by Dario Pigato Photo by Dario Pigato Myss Keta is the club kid whose songs are the feel-good jams you didn’t know you needed in your life. The veiled, Italo Disco Queen released her third album Paprika earlier this year and it features all the trademarks which has come to define her sound. Sporadic, disorienting samples? Check. Infectious, bass thumping beats which leaves your head nodding long after the track has ended? Yes, you will experience a strong desire to crank up those subwoofers as soon as the bass kicks in. Tongue-twisting, Italian lyrics spat out at an indecipherable pace? You won’t understand a word this rapper is saying unless, of course, you’re fluent with the Italian language.   The mystery behind Myss Keta continues to confound those who stumble upon the slew of trance-inspiring videos released under her moniker on YouTube. These videos, with the view count soaring into tens of thousands of watchers per clip, are bursting with both with style and energy, which pairs up with the music to a T. But a quick Google research on the Milan based enigmatic who ruled the Berghain dance floor back in November reveals almost nothing. Her face, name, and age remain ambiguous, an absolute perplexity considering today’s social network obsessed reality. But there has been a trail of breadcrumbs left lying for the curious researcher. Here’s what we know about Myss Keta so far: she’s a “product” of Motel Forlanini, a collective of musicians, film directors, designers, and artists who aim at capturing the “Zeitgeist and the Peculiar of the surrounding environment.” Another fact: she released her first video “Milano Sushi & Coca” back in 2013, which featured her rapping about enticing subjects like Milan, sushi, and, you guessed it, coke. More facts: she wrote a book titled Una Donna Che Conta, though an English translation doesn’t exist right now.  Flaunt spoke with Myss Keta in order to weave through the fog clouding her aura and find out more about her past, her present, and where she’s taking her music in the future.  You're described as a product of the collective Motel Forlanini. How did you meet Motel Forlanini, what is it? The first time I met Motel Forlanini was in my dreams and then in the real world. It all started in a boiling and hallucinating hot summer evening in Milan where we met at an exhibition by Amanda Lear and we spent the rest of the night and life together from that day on. was that night that M¥SS KETA and “Milano Sushi E Coca” were born. Now Motel Forlanini is a collective of creative souls working together in all MK(M¥SS KETA) projects but first of all it's my family! Why do you choose to keep your identity a secret? It could sound like a paradox, but sometimes the more you hide your appearance the more you can express yourself. The mask is a way to be 100% myself, through the veil the real essence of MK comes out in all its forms. Given its history, for some, a veil can stand for oppression, but your music, along with the accompanying videos, portrays you as a carefree, independent individual. Is there a specific reason you chose a veil, instead of something like a mask, to hide your identity? I use different types of masks to hide my face, but my favorite remains the veil, it keeps a strong mystery on stage and it's also a controversial element nowadays. I believe that in making art or music you always are the portrayal of a historical moment and specific generation. Do you think there will be a time where you are comfortable with revealing your identity to the public? It's not relevant for me, who cares who's behind the veil, MK is the veil and that's it. Photo by Dario Pigato It’s hard to think about your music without being reminded of the intense visuals which usually accompany your tracks on YouTube. What inspires the music videos you release for each of your songs? Each song evokes a certain feeling and precise image in the subconscious of Motel Forlanini. We then work together to improve every time and aim to the best result. our biggest inspiration could come from Fellini's film to Japanese anime, as Paprika by Satoshi Kon that was the main inspiration of our latest video and album. Back in November 2017, you sampled the song “Mi Gente,” by J Balvin and Beyonce for your track “Camalow,” and uploaded it onto YouTube by saying that Beyoncé was featured on the track. When Beyoncé finally shows up around the end of the track, she’s almost immediately interrupted by a voice recording of someone else’s voice. If given the choice, which artists or musicians would you like to collaborate with? Shout out to Sophie, Yves Tumor, Lady Gaga, Madonna, Raffaella Carrà, Fabri Fibra, Tiga, Asap Rocky, Tommy Cash, Marie Davidson, Charlotte Adigery: Send me a DM and I'm in! Drug references run rampant in your music. There are tracks like “Xananas,” “Milano Sushi & Coca” and, of course, your name, Myss Keta. What’s your relationship with mind-altering substances? And why do you think they are regularly used as themes throughout your music? Because sometimes they are good, even if sometimes they make you worse :) Photo by Dario Pigato Fashion plays an integral part in your music, as well as your overall image. From the “Milano Sushi & Coca” video with the t-shirt with emblazoned with “Prada,” to the single “Burqa di Gucci,”. When did you become interested in fashion? How has it influenced your music? Who are your favorite designers right now? We use fashion as a media to communicate our world. The most important thing to learn about fashion is how to dominate it and not be dominated by it. I love a lot of new young designers such as Ilariuss, Valenti, Yamuna Forzani, Marios, Rosamosario, Fausto Puglisi, Daizy Shely and many others. For years you’ve established yourself as a formative figure on the Italian dance scene but it’s only been recent since you’ve started making waves here in America. How does it feel gaining a new, American audience? Would you ever consider releasing music sung in English? It's great to know that my music moves also people that don't speak my language, it means that MK message is so strong that it arrives no matter what. Would love to be spend the winter in LA, please DM me if you have a cute villa for me and Motel Forlanini thnxsss! I can consider singing in English if I do a feat with Madonna maybe?? Back in December, you released your first book Una Donna Che Conta. What inspired you to write this book? Especially since you’ve kept much of your identity and past a secret. Inspired by the book’s success, would you ever consider writing another book? Maybe something fiction? The book ‘Una Donna Che Conta’ is a collection of MK anecdotes that was told before just through interviews and we wanted to have them written down properly for everyone to read it before bed time, instead of the bible which it's so old school nowadays! I'm open to every opportunity that comes up in my life so why not fiction? my life is already a fiction story or is it real? who knows! Do you have plans for a United States tour? It's my dream, coast to coast with my girls and my guitar Is there anything else you would like to add? You die a little to live a lot.. YAAAAAAASSSS!   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photo courtesy of Oliver Peoples  Photo courtesy of Oliver Peoples  Oliver Peoples x Cary Grant Dinner Party Photo courtesy of Billy Farrell for BFA  Photo courtesy of Billy Farrell for BFA  Eva Dolezalova at Oliver Peoples x Cary Grant Dinner Party  Photo courtesy of Billy Farrell for BFA  Lucky Blue Smith at Oliver Peoples x Cary Grant Dinner Party Photo courtesy of Billy Farrell for BFA  Lucky Blue Smith at Oliver Peoples x Cary Grant Dinner Party Photo courtesy of Billy Farrell for BFA  Winston Duke & Mahershala Ali Oliver Peoples x Cary Grant Dinner Party Photo courtesy of Billy Farrell for BFA  Winston Duke at Oliver Peoples x Cary Grant Dinner Party Photo courtesy of Billy Farrell for BFA  Winston Duke & Abigail Spencer at Oliver Peoples x Cary Grant Dinner Party Photo courtesy of Billy Farrell for BFA The luxury eyewear label Oliver Peoples and the Cary Grant estate celebrated the launch of their collaboration with an intimate dinner at the Tower Bar in West Hollywood. Hosted by Barbara Grant Jaynes, Jennifer Grant, and Oscar-winning actor Mahershala Ali, the party treated guests to a viewing of The Cary Grant eyewear collaboration paired with a three-course dinner and music courtesy of DJ Myles Hendrick.  Inspired by the sunglasses that the ever-so-classic Hollywood actor Cary Grant wore in Alfred Hitchcock’s North by Northwest— the collection features the vintage design. To further highlight the late Grant’s iconic style seen in his on-set wardrobe, guests took photos against a backdrop evocative of the train car from North by Northwest.  VIP guests of the evening, including Winston Duke, Abigail Spencer, Ethan Peck, Langley Fox Hemingway, and Lucky Blue Smith, lionized the launch of the collection by wearing the label’s eyewear.  Photos by Billy Farrell  Photos courtesy of Oliver Peoples  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    RICK CASTRO- WHITE STAG MATTE FIBER PRINT- 2015  RICK CASTRO- BLACK STAG  MATTE FIBER PRINT- 2015  RICK CASTRO- AMMIT- ARCHIVAL DIGITAL  PRINT 2016 RICK CASTRO- HORSEY- MATTE FIBER PRINT- 2007 Rick Castro is an invaluable figure in the history and tradition of LA’s bewitching underground. At every encounter I have had I felt like a child asking their parent for a bedtime story, only mine were questions of how fucked up everyone was, what they were wearing, and what seedy places they inhabited that are no longer there. His prolific work of the 80s and 90s is still a template for the sexual expression we so widely aestheticize in today’s hyper tech culture, though what is remarkable is the lack of pretense and self-awareness that has built the digital ages parameters for how far we can actually push the envelope. His fixation on the physique and body of leather was a natural extension of the spirit of Tom of Finland.  Reviewing Castro’s early work, his vision spoke of a specific era, a time when clothing were grungy and minimal(ist) along with stories of grit and glamour that only came with living in 90’s Hollywood. All this seems so reserve in the way we approach the digital sexual revolution of PrEP and sex positivity YouTube land, a triumph that seems radical as displayed in an era of high AIDS related deaths and the closet scene of gay men. It is with this signature style that it has come time for the photographer to present a retrospective at the Tom of Finland Foundation, curated by Rubén Esparza, which showcases his work at its most pure, sexual, sleek and unapologetic. I jumped at the chance to speak to the photographer to learn about what would birth his creative exploration into fashion, LA, and the euphoria of fetishism.  RICK CASTRO- HEAD BONDAGE 1994 How is installing, what’s been going on? Well, I’ve been organizing, how about that? And it’s been going really well, we’re actually going to install  on the 3rd and 4th.  You’ve been to the Tom House. So we’re taking over the living room and the dining room. The house is from 1911 so everything is going to be Victorian style, which I love. At the Antebellum Gallery, if you remember, I had railing on the walls, and that’s Victorian style, so you hang everything from the picture railing on two tiers. And the top tier, you hang the paintings or photographs, the framed art from cords with latches that hang over the picture railing and then you tilt the image so people don’t have to turn their head up, they just look on the other side of the gallery and just look straight and you can see there’s tilt. That’s Victorian style, which is very practical. It works well with the house. I’ll look at it... So this particular selection is all-encompassing over a certain amount of time. Is there any time, in regards to your career, where you feel like you didn’t get enough shine? Well, you may or may not know that I’ve been doing photography since 1986, so before you were born, and so its going to have images from then, like my signature images and then, of course, work from the present day. It really is a retrospective of my work, but it’s a curated retrospective of my work. It’s a small, condensed version, because I have a lot of work and a lot of work has not been seen, so this particular show is focusing on the work that is more of my signature pieces with a few new ones thrown in portfolios and that kind of thing. Also ephemera, which I love because I have a lot of personal,  artifacts from over the years. What pieces haven’t we seen yet? Is there anything new, or something that was lost and then found? Nothing lost, a lot of images that I did recently kind of tend to get a little bit more, slightly metaphysical and more introspective, considering the subject matter, which is fetish and bondage. They kind of lend themselves to color. So, a little more color, a smidge more color. MR. GUICHE MATTE FIBER PRINT 1993 I wanted to know your opinion about the way the fetish community is being mainstreamed right now. What is your take on that? It’s inevitable that that would just happen. On one hand, I’mm glad there’s acceptance. Because when I first started working in the mid-80’s there was very little, if no understanding whatsoever, and it was just kinda labeled either porn, or perversion, or whatever. Now, in the 21st century, my opinion, is all about fetish. People have at least a superficial understanding of what that is. They might not know the true, deep meaning. It is a lot more universal than most people realize. I think now it’s accepted as pretty universal, and it’s just a part of personality and everything that goes with the person is the idea of who they are. It cuts throught the core of who you are. It’s beyond sexual, in my opinion, it really is.  To me, its the same thing as religion or faith. Because for example, when you think of the true meaning of fetish, its something giving empowerment to something else. So the person is the one, who’s making the person, the object, or the shoe, or the other interesting. It’s just an object, it’s just a person. But the other person thats obsessing on it is giving it all the glory, the power.  It’s like an idol, or God-like at that point. Yes, and the fervor, the euphoria, and the climatic idea, to me, is very similar to when people are praying, or when their meditating, or orgasming. It’s really all the same euphoria, its like another level. It’s not just everyday, so I like that.  What is your relationship with the Tom of Finland Foundation? It goes way back, that goes back to also before you were born. There used to be this really great bar on Hoover Ave in Silver Lake called The One-Way. Have you heard of it? RICK CASTRO- THE WEB- BLUE TONED FIBER PRINT 2001 No. It was the best leather bar in Los Angeles, hands down. A little hole in the wall, not much bigger than this room we are in right now (Figaro Bistrot). But much darker, great music. Just beer, not even mixed drinks really, just beer, which I don’t drink. You were guaranteed to meet somebody at The One-Way, you were guaranteed to-if not go home with somebody, at least get your dick sucked right there. And it wasn’t a sex club. So anyways, I was there pretty often and I met this very hot leather guy and I tried to pick him up, which didn’t really work out, but we made out. We exchanged numbers, this was pre-cellphone, pre-internet, so we actually wrote down our numbers. And a few years later, I had my very first exhibition at the original Different Light Bookstore, which was in Silver Lake.  Which bookstore was that one? That was the first gay bookstore in Los Angeles. They have one also in San Francisco, they have one in New York. The one in Los Angeles was at the Silver Lake Junction, where Santa Monica meets Sunset. It was right in the triangle, thats where the first bookstore was. It was very cute.  So they gave me my first show. I invited this leather man to this show and I got a really good crowd and he was my first collector and on the spot, he offered me to publish my book. That was Durk Dehner,  founder of the Tom Finland Foundation with Tom. So Durk Dehner and Tom of Finland formed the foundation together. Right around that time actually, late-80s. So through Durk, I eventually met Tom of Finland and I went to one of his very early shows, which was the expansion of Circus of Books in West Hollywood. Because at one time it was just the one narrow room where the videos used to be. RICK CASTRO- JAPANESE BONDAGE BUDDIES- MATTE FIBER PRINT 1997 And they’re closing now Yeah, they closed. Oh, they already closed? That’s so sad. It’s all sad, gay history. So when they expanded, they opened the large room and before they put the bookshelves in they had an exhibit. That exhibit was Tom of Finland. So he was there, and actually, to put it all into art context, I used to work for Joel Peter Witkin, the art photographer as a stylist, art director and model scout in the 80s. He was interested to go, so we went together. And he kept saying “you should buy this, you should buy this. This is going to be worth a lot of money, you should buy this” And at the time, I was so broke, I said “well I can’t buy this, I don’t have the money.” And he said “use your credit card.” And I kept going, “I don’t have a credit card.” I asked him to buy me a Tom of Finland - he didn't. What I ended up doing was buying prints for something like ten or twenty dollars, and Tom of Finland signed the prints. And one print was a print of Tom’s drawing of Peter Berlin with another leatherman. So I eventually met Peter, so I had this signature of Peter Berlin and Tom of Finland on the same print.  If I had a little bit more money I would have bought the drawing, dude, I would be retired by now.  What do you feel is the relationship of the fetishist? Is it universal? You can go down melrose and find chains and leather as fashion now. What is the relationship with fashion, and what is your relationship with fashion in reference to how you work with fetish? Well you know I never really liked fashion to tell you the truth. When I was working in the industry I was a wardrobe and costume designer. That was my initial introduction. I was doing costume and wardrobe on stage, working with Bette Midler, Tina Turner — a lot of the mainstays of Hollywood. Then I had an interview with an agency who at the time was involved with New York fashion. At that time there was no fashion in Los Angeles in the 1980’s, it was all about New York and Europe. So through that agency which was, Chantal Cloutier, not sure if its still around but everything went through that agency.  RICK CASTRO- BODYART2013 DIGITAL ARCHIVAL PRINT 2013 I showed her some work that I wanted to do. They all happened to be work with Italian Magazines, Per Lui, and Lei, young Italian magazines. Ironically about a month later she said “a photographer working in my office works with Per Lui and Lei and since you showed me these magazines I think you’d be the perfect stylist to work with them” so I said great, and she introduced me to Herb Ritts who was just starting with editorial. So I just kind of fell into doing fashion editorial, but Herb Ritts didn’t approach fashion as fashion -  they became this California idea of fashion. A lot more Italian editorial story, casual. Then I went into more of a theatrical aspect- interjecting something wild like (sarcastically) black jeans, black boots, and leather jackets. Or things I was doing on my own that for me represented fetish and I was met with a lot of resistance. I would sneak it in, sneaking more each time until eventually I had Veronica Webb in full rubber - Versatile Fashions From Anaheim which did all the kink- from top to bottom. It was a euphemism, sex rubber. because the people I was working with had no idea I could sneak things through - which was fun to do.  Do you pay attention to this generation, who do you think is carrying on the torch for kink and fetish, expanding on the language and embracing on it.  Matteo Carlomusto. Italian designer I think is spot on 21 century fetish. The young kids have no qualms representing full on things which would never have been the mainstream assumption. But now people anticipate it and wear it without any problems. But I think a lot of times people do not know what it is exactly that they’re wearing or if they do maybe it doesn't arouse them the way a true fetish person might be aroused.  RICK CASTRO- CAUGHT SMOKING MATTE FIBER PRINT 1993 There is no more arousing and also such a high focus on style and fashion. That's why I don’t like fashion, it never really goes deep enough. I’m all about aesthetics and presenting myself a certain way. For me it has to be comfortable, for me I’m projecting myself a certain way. I think a lot of the mainstream anyway is label conscious and that will never be my interest. Labels and branding, who came up with that term, was probably a Kardashian and I hate that term. If I ever had to brand myself I’m sure that I just wouldn’t. I think I have always been true to what I am presenting. For example when I started to explore my photography it just ended up being fetish, just made sense. I had no interest in doing something commercial with it because I already had my career in commercial stylist - there was plenty of commercial work and I didn’t need to dive further into that realm.  But, somebody got me an interview when I was in New York with Annie Flanders, she started Details Magazine which in the 80’s was an art and fashion magazine. They were very East Village, very experimental. Nothing to do with men’s fashion. I got an interview with her and showed her a very small portfolio of my work which had BDSM and the goddess bunny, amputees and she looked at my work and she said to her secretary, “Must I be subjected to this?” and so the interview was over. During that same month I also submitted my work to Drummer Magazine, which was the granddaddy of bdsm magazines based in San Francisco. I loved it and it was what I wanted to work for. They gave Robert Mapplethorpe, his first photographic cover.  Is it still around? No, nothing good is still around. Initially they also rejected me, opposite of Annie, they said my work was “too artsy for us”. And she was saying my work was too porno. Nobody wanted me. With Drummer Magazine I  eventually became the Los Angeles photographer for them when a new art director took over and sent me a letter— “We would be honored to publish anything you offer.” 5-6 years later, Long Nguyen contacted me saying, would you like to work for Flaunt. I was shocked out of my mind, asked him if he had actually seen my work. He said yes, of course. So that was my first time doing “fashion” as a photographer. My first shoot for Flaunt was in New York and Dior Homme when Hedi Slimane first joined. So he wanted me to do that collection in bondage but he did not tell the model. So I got to break it to the model, he was a good sport.  Rick Castro | Fetish King is on view from April 6- April 27 2019 at the Tom of Finland Foundation 1421 Laveta Terrace Los Angeles Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    GUESS kicks off festival season  GUESS kicks off festival season  GUESS kicks off festival season  GUESS kicks off festival season  GUESS kicks off festival season  GUESS kicks off festival season  GUESS kicks off festival season  GUESS kicks off festival season  GUESS kicks off festival season GUESS kicked off the spring season with a festival inspired party at the Lombardi House in Hollywood. Influencers and VIP’s were invited to take a part of the festivities with eyewear, handags, watches, fragrances, and clothing all festival inspired. The event cultivated and encouraged personalizing, offering the opportunity to have GUESS items such as handbags and watched embossed and enhanced on-site.  A photobooth trailer was set up alongside clothing and eyewear suites to offer guests the ability to capture their party pieces and share the looks. Besides it was the fragrance station which also offered a popsicle pairing to highlight the undertones of each scent.  The fashionable night was aided by festival inspired food like mini tacos and grilled cheese. Relaxed guest enjoyed gifts such as survival kits. The ultimate festival looks all enclosed to feature a fresh spring look which showcased the best of GUESS.  Guests such as Corinne Olympios, Scheana Marie Shay, James Kennedy, Shaun Ross, Caelynn Miller-Keyes, Danielle Lombard, Whitney Fransway, Mark Dohner, Laura Lee, Tyler Oakley, Ciara Riley Wilson, Serayah McNeill and many others looks flawless with their festival aficionados.  Photos courtesy of Guess Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Emma Stone in Louis Vuitton’s  “New Classics” campaign  Alicia Vikander in Louis Vuitton’s “New Classics” campaign  Léa Seydoux in Louis Vuitton’s “New Classics” campaign Louis Vuitton prepares for their spring and summer seasons with two new groundbreaking releases, Les Colognes and a new leather goods campaign featuring Emma Stone, Alicia Vikander, and Lea Seydoux.              Last night at their Beverly Hills location, Louis Vuitton introduced Les Colognes, a new line-up of fragrances created by the brand’s master perfumer, Jacques Cavalier Belletrud, and inspired by California’s cool, effortless spirit. With artwork created by the multimedia artists and filmmaker Alex Israel, it arrives as the first ever unisex fragrance released by Louis Vuitton. With a scent which captures the endless holidays and  top-tier destinations which reflect the Golden State, the fragrances are titled Sun Song, Cactus Garden, and Afternoon Swim.  Their new campaign released today features the House’s “New Classics,” bag, the leather goods campaign exhibits three standout actresses at the forefront of their careers showcasing the relationship they’ve developed with their respected bags. Oscar winner Emma Stone carries the Capucines, a classic bag with streamlined geometry which makes it the ideal accessory for today’s modern sophisticate. Former Academy Award Winner Alicia Vikander is captured with The Twist, emblazoned with a sliding chain strap and a twisting Louis Vuitton logo clasp. And international actress and breakout star from 2013’s Blue is the Warmest Color, Lea Seydoux selected Dauphine, a bag with a modern twist on the House’s 1976 Monogram standard with a bold leather standing as the backdrop for a circular LV logo buckle. All three women are photographed standing in front of a white canvas, which allows the women and their chosen bags to shine.  Photos courtesy of Louis Vuitton Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Messika is the young diamond brand founded by Valérie Messika in Paris, 2005. The heir of France’s most successful diamond merchant André Messika, Valérie has continued the family business in her own right. Pushing the boundaries of traditional diamond layouts, Messika carries an edgier, bolder aesthetic with tribal, punk, and ethnic influences. Since the launch of her first collection, Move, the luxury brand has taken off, adorning the necks of nearly every notable celebrity, including a collaboration with esteemed model, Gigi Hadid. Encompassing her family legacy and fresh take on the world of diamonds, Valérie has blended the luxury of high jewelry with tactile, and ergonomic designs; shifting dialogues from unattainable and untouchable to practical and accessible. We spoke with Messika to discuss the foundations of her international brand, family history, creation process, and what’s to come. What was it like growing up with jewelry being such a large part of your family? My entire childhood is filled with memories of my father and his passion for diamonds. They were our principal means of communication at the time. From a young age, he communicated his passion to my brother, Ilan, and I. When I was a little girl, I remember him bringing home incredible diamonds and he would let me play with them. My first real crush for diamonds was at the age of 12 when I found an envelope with tiny diamonds at my father’s place. I was fascinated by the light they exhaled. What are the kinds of things you learned from him about stones? He taught me how to look inside each stone and everything I know about diamonds. That’s where my attention to detail and keen observation comes from. Have you always been captivated by jewelry or did a specific moment spark it? When I was younger, I wanted to work in communications or interior design. Immediately after I completed my degree, my first job was in the marketing and communications department of Chanel Jewelry. I changed my career path after my father asked me to spend a year with him to learn about the jewelry business. I worked alongside him for five years, learning every secret of the industry. Even if his desire was for me to take the lead of his company one day, I had a feeling something essential was missing; creativity. That is why I decided to launch the brand, and since then, I can say that I am living the dream. Do you have a favorite type of stone to work with? My favorite cut is the pear shape diamond. When I was younger, my grandmother who is one of the most amazing women, offered me one of her rings –a pear shape diamond of 9.30 carats. This is my favorite piece of jewelry. What is the creative process like for you? It is by far the most important for me. My pieces are not created to remain in a safe. I create elegant diamond pieces to be worn on an everyday basis. I like my creations to be very comfortable; women should be able to live their lives without feeling uncomfortable by excessively heavy jewelry.  Messika is a mix between timeless and contemporary pieces but always includes a twist.  “Less is More” is my credo, and I imagine my collections around four core values: Lightness, Liberty, Purity, and Sensuality.  Can you speak about the physical process from an idea/sketch to the finished product? All of my creations begin with a blank page. For Messika, each new collection is a real jump into the void; although I admit feeding obsessions for certain jewelry techniques. I always start the process without a precise brief. What are the most difficult and exciting parts of this process? For me, the most difficult aspect of the creation process is transcribing my ideas into a drawing. I always have a lot of ideas, but sometimes it’s quite difficult to get the result I imagined. However, we always manage to make it possible thanks to my creative team.  You’ve mentioned before that your children are an inspiration in your work. What else influences your jewelry? I am constantly searching for inspiration! Whether it’s through my travels, through architecture, interior design, or observing people’s styles, I try to find inspiration in everything. The names of collections are chosen after the jewels are created. The jewel is always the starting point. You’ve collaborated with Gigi Hadid on two jewelry lines; is there anyone else you’d like to pair up with in the future? Working with Gigi was really great. Everything went so well with Messika and Gigi the first time around that a second collection was a must.  She created a number of highly precise mood boards, which formed the basis of our creative process.   You will have to wait and see what comes next –Messika has a lot of surprises to offer!  What should we expect from Messika in the next few months? Everything is moving so quickly for Messika, and I feel like I’m living in a dream! We are presenting the new High Jewelry collection at Baselworld, and we are planning to expand further into a few markets. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Gherardo Felloni, Ines De La Fressange and Maye Musk  Courtesy of Roger Vivier/ Getty Images  Hotel Vivier Photos by Chuck Grant  Hotel Vivier Photos by Chuck Grant  Hotel Vivier Photos by Chuck Grant  Courtesy of Roger Vivier/ Getty Images  Hotel Vivier Photos by Chuck Grant  Hotel Vivier Photos by Chuck Grant  Patricia Arquette, Gherardo Felloni and Mandy Moore   Hotel Vivier  Photos by Chuck Grant  Cailee Spaeny  Hotel Vivier Photos by Chuck Grant   Hotel Vivier Photos by Chuck Grant  Courtesy of Roger Vivier/ Getty Images  Hotel Vivier Photos by Chuck Grant  Courtesy of Roger Vivier/ Getty Images  Hotel Vivier Photos by Chuck Grant  Hotel Vivier Photos by Chuck Grant  Hotel Vivier Photos by Chuck Grant  Hotel Vivier Photos by Chuck Grant  Hotel Vivier Photos by Chuck Grant  Courtesy of Roger Vivier/ Getty Images  Hotel Vivier Photos by Chuck Grant  Hotel Vivier Photos by Chuck Grant  Hotel Vivier Photos by Chuck Grant The luxurious French shoe brand Maison Roger Vivier transformed a Bel Air residence into the whimsical Hotel Vivier on the second night of April. Hosted by Brand Ambassador Ines de la Fressange and Creative Director Gherardo Felloni, the evening was inspired by California’s hotel scene and alluded to classic cult film soundtracks and sets.  Notable attendees of the alluring evening included Mandy Moore, Patricia Arquette, Christina Ricci, Chanel Iman, Joey King, Halston Sage, Lottie Moss, Poppy, Kate Foley, and Kristen Noel Crawley, among others. Guests could freely roam and lose themselves in the imaginary world. Intertwined throughout the fairytale experience were chic and sporty shoes alike, emblazoned in glamorous details and textures, all featured in Felloni’s Spring Summer collection.  Photos courtesy of Donato Sardella for Getty Images  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Rhude and Thierry Lasry  Rhude and Thierry Lasry  Rhude and Thierry Lasry  Rhude and Thierry Lasry  Rhude and Thierry Lasry  Rhude and Thierry Lasry  Rhude and Thierry Lasry  Rhude and Thierry Lasry  Rhude and Thierry Lasry  Rhude and Thierry Lasry  Rhude and Thierry Lasry Rhude and Thierry Larsy have collaborated to create a new design for sunglasses launching April 2 called RHODEO. The eyeglass wear collection is hand made in France through Mazzuchheli Italian acetate and uses world renown technique, and science. The pieces come in 8 variations and color styles.  The brands unisex appearance is something which will be sought after for its high craft, fashion, and make process.  The sunglasses will be available in stores with The Webster and online through the brands direct websites.  Photos courtesy of Rhude and Thierry Larsy Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Gully Guy Leo in Club Fantasy  Gully Guy Leo in Club Fantasy  Gully Guy Leo in Club Fantasy  Gully Guy Leo in Club Fantasy  Gully Guy Leo in Club Fantasy  Gully Guy Leo in Club Fantasy  Gully Guy Leo in Club Fantasy  Gully Guy Leo in Club Fantasy  Gully Guy Leo in Club Fantasy  Gully Guy Leo in Club Fantasy  Gully Guy Leo in Club Fantasy  Gully Guy Leo in Club Fantasy  Gully Guy Leo in Club Fantasy Reaching beyond the cusp is all in a days work for Joe Perez, a freelance creative director and graphic artist based in Providence, Rhode Island whose work you’ve seen everywhere even if you don’t know it. He counts Zayn Malik, Ludacris and Adidas as clients and has put his touch on key productions from Kanye West and Travis Scott. After he attended Art Center College of Design in Pasadena, California, picking up a Film / New Media BFA, he put his Northeast LA-minted knowledge to work at Jack FX down by the ocean in Venice Beach. Perez spent seven years as lead art director at Kanye West’s design studio DONDA, and went through 325 design iterations in prep for the lauded Cruel Summer G.O.O.D. Music comp. He launched his own studio, which scored a “50 Greatest Album Covers of All Time” nod from Billboard Magazine for Nicki Minaj’s “The Pinkprint.” And trance bottle-poppers around the world take note, as he’s the man behind DJ Tiësto’s creative direction.  Perez recently took on the art direction and graphic design on Lil Wayne’s “Love Me,” which features Drake and Future. In animated .gif form we see dark moths drawn to a pulsating neon sign crying out for affection, ultimately disturbing the repose of grey plant leaves. We see these sorts of not-quite-sinister but definitely-sharp-edged creations bleeding into his first apparel splash, with the inaugural “MASON” collection in 2017. That energy has continued with his arrival at Club Fantasy. It’s dark chemical magic with high-minded intent, featuring plenty of purple on violet patterning and low-ISO delivery. It’s a zoomed-in take on reworked 90s electronica CD liner notes, where it was okay for the subject to be out of focus sometimes. Make no mistake, this is casual enough for the track pant fashionista set, but experimental enough for the underground. For Endless Euphoria, Drop 1, we were treated to West Midlands teen streetwear sensation Leo Mandella (who counts Playboi Carti and Heron Preston amongst those keeping an eye on his Insta) rocking a wavy blue-and-black visage that could be screaming in agony, but based on the name of the line is surely in utter bliss. Perez tells us where he’s at, with the release of Drop 2. Photo courtesy of Joe Perez How would you say the first collection’s title “Endless Euphoria” plays into the rebellious attitude seen in pop culture and how is that theme incorporated into the collection as a whole?  Are the pieces things you would wear yourself in that sort of environment?  I see the title paying homage to the rave culture of the 90’s and early 2000’s art where corporate branding and advertising were re-appropriated in a jestful rebellious manner for rave flyers and t-shirts. I already do wear this collection, I'd wear the pieces in almost any environment, but personally the mood I’m in usually dictates what I wear and why. How do the designs in this collection stand apart from your designs for DONDA or MASON. I see this collection as a departure from past projects interns of aesthetic, but there are some structures that have remained the same. While at Donda or when I was designing for Mason, the majority of the work I created myself, but with  Club Fantasy I worked with designers that I’ve been following on Instagram who I felt best represented the rave culture with their designs or the typographical languages they have been developing.   The designers I worked with on this first collection were:  Mikey Joyce, Baptiste Bernazeau, Ruben Martinho,  Jonathan Castro Alejos along with myself. Seeing as you have designed some prominent album covers and merchandise within the music industry, does music have any influence on your creative flow or on the overall collection? Absolutely.  Music is the glue and the main commonality that influences all of my work. I have a few curated playlists that I run during projects that call for a particular type of energy, etc. In terms of Club Fantasy, Collection 1 Endless Euphoria’s foundation is EDM and rave culture, so it’s heavily inspired by that industry’s culture and art which is all based around the music and lifestyle.  s there a certain mindset that you find yourself to be the most productive in and where do you draw inspiration from when designing? I enjoy the research phase, which is life in general, but in terms of design, it would be when I head to the RISD library and dive into books rather than the internet. I find the process of sitting down and focusing on one book, one page at a time, the most helpful because I never not stumble across inspiration at the RISD library. What is the most unique thing about this collection in not only its design but also in its overall tone? Authenticity.  We really tried to keep the purity of 90’s rave culture’s integrity intact.  I worked extremely hard to capture that spirit of art through the design team I assembled. Everyone on the team had been influenced by edm / rave culture in some manner and stylistically and contextually I’m extremely happy with the collection. How would you describe the archetypal Club Fantasy wearer? What were some of your inspirations for the Club Fantasy Collection? A person very much into individual personal expression.  A free soul.  The inspiration for Club Fantasy’s first collection are rave flyers from the 90s / 2000s.  The art, the typography, the layout, colors, etc.   That was my bible for Collection 1. Why did you choose Gully Guy Leo to front the first campaign drop? For two reasons:  1.  The UK had and still has a vibrant rave scene.  It was key in the development of the underground rave and evolution of what EDM is today.  As a US-based brand I wanted to have the rave scene in Europe represented equally from the start.  2. Gully’s attitude and visual presence really embodies Club Fantasy’s first collection.  You can just tell when a model has “that look” that fits your brand and it’s values as there is an energy and a balance. What excites you the most about the Club Fantasy project and brand as a whole? I’m excited about creating from a new palette, one with more colors and playful designs where rules do not need to apply.  What’s next for you as well as well as the future of streetwear?       What’s next for me is Club Fantasy collection 2 and directing music videos.   I’ve had my hand in ideation in videos recently and I’ve had the bug to go back and execute some ideas I’ve had for a while. As far as streetwear, I see a big push into cut and sow experimentation vs. the usage of blanks.   I’ve already seen kids learn screen printing and then the next month they’re learning pattern making and sewing.   I see the focus shifting to the essence of structure and infusing ones personality into that discipline.  Photographed by Julien Bernard Interview by BJ Panda Bear Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Still by Ruth Hogben  Still by Ruth Hogben  Still by Ruth Hogben Cut&Wrap, the fashion and film talk and screening series conceived and hosted by director Alyn Horton, was a sensation when it hit Soho House in West Hollywood a few years ago. Now it’s popping up at the Saatchi Gallery X Unit London space in a suite of events curated by artistic director Gemma Lacey this Tuesday April 2nd from 7pm. The series will then continue as part of the new HClub’s programming along with additional pop-up events in Los Angeles outside of the club. This reintroduction will feature a short screening and conversation with fashion film pioneer and photographer Ruth Hogben from creative studio Lobster Eye, followed by an audience Q&A. Her list of work includes films made for Alexander McQueen, creative direction and videos for Lady Gaga and Kanye West, along with a slew of other luminaries in the art, video and fashion spaces.  You can RSVP for the event taking place HERE. Cut&Wrap appears as part of a series of events in the space curated by Gemma Lacey for Saatchi, Unit London and Philip Colbert and will be supported by Sipsmith Gin. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Flaunt and Clément & Clément Celebrate The Elemental Issue and Preview The New Horizons Issue at Kee Club, as well as the 10th season of Ontimeshow Westbund, during Shanghai Fashion Week  Daniel Dugan, Pilar Zeta, Matthew Bedard, and Clément Buyi Zheng  Sebastian Hull  Flaunt and Clément & Clément Celebrate The Elemental Issue and Preview The New Horizons Issue at Kee Club, as well as the 10th season of Ontimeshow Westbund, during Shanghai Fashion Week  Flaunt and Clément & Clément Celebrate The Elemental Issue and Preview The New Horizons Issue at Kee Club, as well as the 10th season of Ontimeshow Westbund, during Shanghai Fashion Week  Flaunt and Clément & Clément Celebrate The Elemental Issue and Preview The New Horizons Issue at Kee Club, as well as the 10th season of Ontimeshow Westbund, during Shanghai Fashion Week  Chloe Popescu  Misty Fairbanks, Pilar Zeta, and Daniel Dugan  Nic Hallberg, Daniel Dugan, Francisco Sendino, and Clément Buyi Zheng  Sebastian Hull and Pilar Zeta  Flaunt and Clément & Clément Celebrate The Elemental Issue and Preview The New Horizons Issue at Kee Club, as well as the 10th season of Ontimeshow Westbund, during Shanghai Fashion Week  Flaunt and Clément & Clément Celebrate The Elemental Issue and Preview The New Horizons Issue at Kee Club, as well as the 10th season of Ontimeshow Westbund, during Shanghai Fashion Week  Flaunt and Clément & Clément Celebrate The Elemental Issue and Preview The New Horizons Issue at Kee Club, as well as the 10th season of Ontimeshow Westbund, during Shanghai Fashion Week  Flaunt and Clément & Clément Celebrate The Elemental Issue and Preview The New Horizons Issue at Kee Club, as well as the 10th season of Ontimeshow Westbund, during Shanghai Fashion Week  Flaunt and Clément & Clément Celebrate The Elemental Issue and Preview The New Horizons Issue at Kee Club, as well as the 10th season of Ontimeshow Westbund, during Shanghai Fashion Week  Flaunt and Clément & Clément Celebrate The Elemental Issue and Preview The New Horizons Issue at Kee Club, as well as the 10th season of Ontimeshow Westbund, during Shanghai Fashion Week  Luis Barajas  Flaunt and Clément & Clément Celebrate The Elemental Issue and Preview The New Horizons Issue at Kee Club, as well as the 10th season of Ontimeshow Westbund, during Shanghai Fashion Week  Flaunt and Clément & Clément Celebrate The Elemental Issue and Preview The New Horizons Issue at Kee Club, as well as the 10th season of Ontimeshow Westbund, during Shanghai Fashion Week  Flaunt and Clément & Clément Celebrate The Elemental Issue and Preview The New Horizons Issue at Kee Club, as well as the 10th season of Ontimeshow Westbund, during Shanghai Fashion Week  Flaunt and Clément & Clément Celebrate The Elemental Issue and Preview The New Horizons Issue at Kee Club, as well as the 10th season of Ontimeshow Westbund, during Shanghai Fashion Week  Flaunt and Clément & Clément Celebrate The Elemental Issue and Preview The New Horizons Issue at Kee Club, as well as the 10th season of Ontimeshow Westbund, during Shanghai Fashion Week  Flaunt and Clément & Clément Celebrate The Elemental Issue and Preview The New Horizons Issue at Kee Club, as well as the 10th season of Ontimeshow Westbund, during Shanghai Fashion Week  Flaunt and Clément & Clément Celebrate The Elemental Issue and Preview The New Horizons Issue at Kee Club, as well as the 10th season of Ontimeshow Westbund, during Shanghai Fashion Week  Flaunt and Clément & Clément Celebrate The Elemental Issue and Preview The New Horizons Issue at Kee Club, as well as the 10th season of Ontimeshow Westbund, during Shanghai Fashion Week   Lorenzo Hadar  Flaunt and Clément & Clément Celebrate The Elemental Issue and Preview The New Horizons Issue at Kee Club, as well as the 10th season of Ontimeshow Westbund, during Shanghai Fashion Week  Flaunt and Clément & Clément Celebrate The Elemental Issue and Preview The New Horizons Issue at Kee Club, as well as the 10th season of Ontimeshow Westbund, during Shanghai Fashion Week  Flaunt and Clément & Clément Celebrate The Elemental Issue and Preview The New Horizons Issue at Kee Club, as well as the 10th season of Ontimeshow Westbund, during Shanghai Fashion Week  Flaunt and Clément & Clément Celebrate The Elemental Issue and Preview The New Horizons Issue at Kee Club, as well as the 10th season of Ontimeshow Westbund, during Shanghai Fashion Week  Flaunt and Clément & Clément Celebrate The Elemental Issue and Preview The New Horizons Issue at Kee Club, as well as the 10th season of Ontimeshow Westbund, during Shanghai Fashion Week  Flaunt and Clément & Clément Celebrate The Elemental Issue and Preview The New Horizons Issue at Kee Club, as well as the 10th season of Ontimeshow Westbund, during Shanghai Fashion Week  Flaunt and Clément & Clément Celebrate The Elemental Issue and Preview The New Horizons Issue at Kee Club, as well as the 10th season of Ontimeshow Westbund, during Shanghai Fashion Week  Flaunt and Clément & Clément Celebrate The Elemental Issue and Preview The New Horizons Issue at Kee Club, as well as the 10th season of Ontimeshow Westbund, during Shanghai Fashion Week  Flaunt and Clément & Clément Celebrate The Elemental Issue and Preview The New Horizons Issue at Kee Club, as well as the 10th season of Ontimeshow Westbund, during Shanghai Fashion Week  Flaunt and Clément & Clément Celebrate The Elemental Issue and Preview The New Horizons Issue at Kee Club, as well as the 10th season of Ontimeshow Westbund, during Shanghai Fashion Week  Flaunt and Clément & Clément Celebrate The Elemental Issue and Preview The New Horizons Issue at Kee Club, as well as the 10th season of Ontimeshow Westbund, during Shanghai Fashion Week  Flaunt and Clément & Clément Celebrate The Elemental Issue and Preview The New Horizons Issue at Kee Club, as well as the 10th season of Ontimeshow Westbund, during Shanghai Fashion Week  Flaunt and Clément & Clément Celebrate The Elemental Issue and Preview The New Horizons Issue at Kee Club, as well as the 10th season of Ontimeshow Westbund, during Shanghai Fashion Week  Flaunt and Clément & Clément Celebrate The Elemental Issue and Preview The New Horizons Issue at Kee Club, as well as the 10th season of Ontimeshow Westbund, during Shanghai Fashion Week Last night, on the occasion of Shanghai Fashion Week, Flaunt and Clément & Clément hosted a private dinner in Shanghai at members spot, Kee Club, to toast this spring’s The Elemental Issue, and preview the forthcoming Looming Issue, which features Game of Thrones star Emilia Clarke on the cover. Dinner was followed by a party additionally celebrating the 10th season of fashion trade show Ontimeshow West Bund at nightclub 44WK, with co-founder and lead of business development, the ever charming Clément Buyi Zheng. My oh my, it was one for the books! Photos by Matthew Bedard and Yin Xin 尹昕 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photo by Clyde Munroe   Photo by Clyde Munroe  Photo by Clyde Munroe  Photo by Clyde Munroe  Photo by Clyde Munroe Knorts, the indigo-dyed denim knitwear line straight out of L.A., cordially invites you to join them in a conversation about the future of branding in a discussion moderated by cultural curator Daleen Saah. Held at NeueHouse, panelists will introduce topics of how exploitation, inclusion, culture, and identity play a role in establishing a brand.  Panelists include artist and creative director Clare Gillen, Knorts Founder and designer Eleanore Guthrie, director Cory Nixon, Free the Bid communications and content manager Chloe Coover, and photographer Karis Dolberry. RSVP to the discussion on April 4 and come with an open mind filled with inquiry and ideas.  The Future of Branding: Culture & Identity With Knorts Thursday, April 4 NeueHouse 6121 Sunset Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90028 Doors | 6 p.m. Conversation | 6:30 p.m. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Valerj Pobega Fall/Winter 2019  Valerj Pobega and Mattia Biagi  B Akerlund and Shirley Manson  Valerj Pobega Fall/Winter 2019  Valerj Pobega Fall/Winter 2019  Valerj Pobega Fall/Winter 2019  Valerj Pobega Fall/Winter 2019  Valerj Pobega Fall/Winter 2019  Valerj Pobega Fall/Winter 2019  Valerj Pobega Fall/Winter 2019   Valerj Pobega Fall/Winter 2019  Valerj Pobega Fall/Winter 2019  Valerj Pobega Fall/Winter 2019  Valerj Pobega Fall/Winter 2019  Valerj Pobega Fall/Winter 2019  Valerj Pobega Fall/Winter 2019  Valerj Pobega Fall/Winter 2019  Valerj Pobega Fall/Winter 2019  Valerj Pobega Fall/Winter 2019  Valerj Pobega Fall/Winter 2019  Valerj Pobega Fall/Winter 2019  Valerj Pobega Fall/Winter 2019  Valerj Pobega Fall/Winter 2019 Italian designer Valerj Pobega recently presented her offering for Fall/ Winter 2019 with a performance at the BADD House. Utilizing her signature painted silks, she merged the spirit of Liza Minelli via the Weimar Republic in Cabaret with the ghost of mid 70’s David Bowie with his Kabuki theatrics.  The garments featured exaggerated proportions and asymmetrical constructions that have become a hallmark of the designer’s repertoire. An expressionistic performance highlighted the fluid nature of Pobega’s designs as well as the raw seams and dripped paintings that detailed the garments.  Charissa Kroeger provided the choreography which had the troop of dancers contorting, flying in the air by way of an aerial acrobatic performers, and interacting with the audience. This performance was soundtracked by Lawrence Rothman, a chilling presentation of starkness that brought the crowd directly to 20s Berlin and well referenced the Bowiesque spirit. Photographed by: Mekael Dawson Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Cary Grant x Oliver Peoples  Cary Grant x Oliver Peoples  Cary Grant x Oliver Peoples  Cary Grant x Oliver Peoples  Cary Grant x Oliver Peoples  Cary Grant x Oliver Peoples  Cary Grant x Oliver Peoples  Cary Grant x Oliver Peoples  Cary Grant x Oliver Peoples  Cary Grant x Oliver Peoples In its first-ever authorized collaboration, Cary Grant’s estate has teamed up with California-based eyewear brand, Oliver Peoples, to design a collection of frames in homage to one of cinema’s greatest figures. This is the first time the actor’s name and likeness has been loaned to any brand. A huge deal, really. The essence of the “man on the run” that Grant encapsulated in his character, Roger Thornhill from “North by Northwest”, has been immortalized in a series of tortoise acetate frames offered in six sleek colorways. Along the temple, each pair is adorned with a CG monogram taken from Grant’s personal stationery as well as a custom case inspired by the colors of his suit worn in the film.  A man known for his “innate elegance” and tendency to dawn “simple, sophisticated” frames of “great quality,” it only seems appropriate that the Cary Grant frame follow suit. With Oliver Peoples, a brand whose signature commitment resides in quality and timeless class, this collaboration appears to be a match made in heaven.The Cary Grant will be available the first week of April in Oliver People boutiques and online, a Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Dior for Nuit Blanche  Dior for Nuit Blanche  Dior for Nuit Blanche  Dior for Nuit Blanche  Dior for Nuit Blanche  Dior for Nuit Blanche  Dior for Nuit Blanche  Dior for Nuit Blanche Dior Art Director Maria Grazia Chiuri has further established the inspiration that dance brings to her work as her latest designs blend together the art forms of high fashion and ballet in Nuit Blanche, the first of three performances devoted to composer Philip Glass.  Dance has been steadily engrained into Dior’s culture. Following Christian Dior’s passion for the art form, Chiuri drew inspiration from the world of dance in her Spring/Summer 2019 show, and has delved further into her exploration with this project set to run at the Teatro dell'Opera di Roma from March 29 to April 2, 2019. Chiuri collaborated on the costume designs with Eleonora Abbagnato, director of ballet at the Teatro dell'Opera di Roma, who will also be performing Nuit Blanche. Choreographed by Sébastien Bertaud, the ballet offers an avant-garde experience where fashion meets dance as ballerinas perform in delicate fabrics, merging the stage and the runway into one.   Photos courtesy of Dior Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Études x Karl Kani  Études x Karl Kani  Études x Karl Kani  Études x Karl Kani  Études x Karl Kani  Études x Karl Kani  Études x Karl Kani  Études x Karl Kani  Études x Karl Kani  Études x Karl Kani In their most recent collaboration, we have seen Parisian fashion label, ÉTUDES, and 90s classic, Karl Kani, make strides in reshaping popular ideations of Americana in the West. Bringing new life to the European Cowboy, their campaign brings us along Europe’s rural landscape. Placing articles of clothing grounded in hip-hop adjacent to quintessential Western styles, the brands have masterfully interwoven urban culture into a previously homogeneous narrative. The collection embraces streetwear staples (oversized trousers, sneakers, jerseys, durags) and puts them alongside pointed-toe boots, cowboy hats, and bolo ties. We can hear the harmonica playing in the distance, but this time, to a new-found rhythm.  Further toying with this idea, the pieces feature bold primaries that stand evocative of 90s streetwear. Nevermind the blasé earth tones. The collaboration takes what we think we know of the West and asks that we think again. This is the new West.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    White Chain Bag Louis Vuitton New Wave  Pink Camera Bag Louis Vuitton New Wave  Black Bumbag Louis Vuitton New Wave  White Camera Bag Louis Vuitton New Wave The New Wave collection by Louis Vuitton launches in stores today with an iconic yet contemporary design. The collection’s two pieces, the Bumbag and the Camera Bag are fashioned with the wave band quilting. Both bags are lightweight and practical, and with them comes an attitude of freedom and joy. The Bumbag has a strap allowing you to wear it across the body or at the waist. The Camera Bag has a shoulder strap which combines leather and chain falling across the body and offers color ways in candy pink along with white and black options.  These new pieces are charged with the spirit of modern times and fueled by the beginning of spring. They work to embody the Louis Vuitton essence while giving a fresh look in the wake of a new generation.  Photos courtesy of Louis Vuitton Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   PRADA coat, sweater, and top. Stefania LaVie Owen takes the chaos that consumes her twenty-one-year old life and grasps it firmly at its throat, undeniably conquering it with each stepping stone in her life. Unlike most people her age, she is not frightened by the inscrutable future, but rather exuberant for what’s in store.  Owen has flourished both on and off set since the debut of her acting career in “The Lovely Bones.” 2019 is an ambitious year for the starlet with two upcoming films, “The Cat and the Moon” and “The Beach Bum,” as well as the new Netflix series “Messiah.” Although very busy with her life on set, Owen indubitably makes time for family. “If I’m not in New Zealand, we’re on FaceTime or messaging each other, sending photos, sending videos just to stay in touch and know what each other’s doing so that we’re still connected in all of our experiences,” Owen described overcoming the physical boundary of long-distance relationships. “That’s one of the hardest parts about being away and being in this industry because you’re constantly moving and not able to stay in one spot.” LOUIS VUITTON jacket, top, and skirt Owen acknowledges that she is fortunate enough, however, to have a second family within the entertainment industry. “I love being on set, especially when it’s a family dynamic like “Messiah,” let’s say.” The cast is so close, in fact, that the first people Owen reached out to when she arrived back in L.A. from a family visit in New Zealand was her “Messiah” family. “We couldn’t get enough of each other. We would spend so much time outside of work and yeah, as soon as we wrapped we were still together.” Created by Michael Petroni, the 10-episode series documents themes of religion and politics through various points of view. One perspective comes from Owen’s complex character, Rebecca Iguero, a troubled Texas teen who wishes for any life but her own. “I think Rebecca comes from a very conservative family because she’s raised by a pastor, or someone who runs a church, and she’s grown up in that kind of world,” said Owen, as she dissects the meaning of her character. “She kind of goes against all that she has grown up with and it’s kind of her struggle to become who she is in a world that sort of restrains her. Throughout the show, she’s really discovering who she is throughout the chaos that happens around her.”  LOUIS VUITTON jacket, top, and skirt Although filming for “Messiah” could be compared to shooting a ten-hour-long movie, Owen’s most recent film, “The Beach Bum,” alongside the likes of Matthew McConaughey, Snoop Dogg, Zac Efron, and Isla Fisher recently premiered at South by Southwest.  “It was really exciting and very surreal,” Owen said about working with such a renowned cast. “Because we were filming in Miami, it felt like a dream. It felt like being on vacation and it was a very energetic vibe with the sun shining and it felt extremely surreal.” Owen’s life is perceivably beyond comparable to that of a conventional millennial lifestyle from constant travel, fickle set times, and everything in between. What sets her the furthest apart from her compulsively internet-addicted peers is her brave dedication to her nonexistent presence on social media. JIL SANDER dress and shoes. “I feel like sometimes it can cause a lot of anxiety. Also, social media can do really great things and I’m not against it. I also can see how it can be really negative on people - whether it’s their body image, whether it’s their view on themselves, or their lives - people can kind of get lost in that,” Owen reasonably justifies her lack of presence on apps that so often consume people’s cerebration at an unhealthy rate.  “I decided to take a step away from it and do my own thing for a while. Who knows, maybe I’ll go back on it again. But, for now I’m enjoying life without it.”  Owen’s thoughts on social media are partially reflected from her experience attending an all-girls high school. She observed the formidable ways that social media prompted a negative impact on many of her peers’ self-image. As Owen refrained from falling into the puissant hands of social media, her high school experience nonetheless proved to be empowering  and influenced her character as a feminist.  “I am a feminist, it’s just people define that in so many different ways. Well, of course the equality of men and women, but also just the empowerment of human beings and coming together as humans instead of having one or the other. I feel like when we go so black and white we lose sight of the wholeness of being one body of people. I guess it’s just being human to me and connecting to people on a person-to-person basis rather than ‘girl’ or ‘boy.’” JIL SANDER dress and shoes. Perhaps the word need not be definable, but rather should function as a societal movement. Owen’s universal advice to all humans seems to fit such a campaign: “Never lose sight of where you came from and who you are.” The undaunted Owen’s path in life hardly ends with her acting career, but rather opens up with opportunities to explore endless creative junctures alongside her journey as an actress.  “There’s a lot of things that I want to do and what’s cool is that in the film industry, you’re flexible to do other things. Alongside acting I want to do lots of things, but yes. Who knows, in five years a lot can change,” said Owen. With plans to attend New York University in September, Owen is excited to study an array of topics from sociology to history of film and writing. As for the unforeseen future, the only constant in Owen’s life is change. “There’s just so much to do. We have one life so you might as well do as much as you can.” Photographed: Justin von Oldershausen. Styled by: Noah Diaz. Hair: Kabuto Okuzawa. Makeup: Kento Utsubo.  Stylist Assistant. Robert Fuentes. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017        In a patent leather bodysuit and a chain-cinched waist, Yeha Leung opened the doors of her Brooklyn design studio. A sweet, soft-spoken tone match her fierce dominatrix look, like a modern-day Betty Boop. Custom-made accessories adorn the racks of her office magnified under a beam of neon pink. A trailblazer in the realm of lingerie, Yeha crafts handmade fetish wear to embellish everyday-wear. Empowering women and the female figure, she accentuates the natural bodice with crystals, black leather, and chains. I met Yeha in her NY-based design studio and showroom to discuss her business, Creepyyeha, Burlesque culture, Dita Von Teese, and the beauty of the human figure. When and how did Creepyyeha begin? Like many, I was unsure of what I was gonna do for work after design school. At the same time, my online blog, titled Creepyyeha was gaining some traction. The URL-turned-name of the brand comes from merging my Chinese name Yeha, and the word “creepy” as a reference of the horror inspired content I used to post.  Aside from mood content, I would post outfits and designs made by me. At first it was a few orders here and there, mostly through word of mouth, and later on, I started to take it more seriously and opened up an online shop.  What aspects of BDSM and Burlesque culture influence your design process? I am mostly influenced by the overall aesthetics of them. They both have a very rich history in relations to materials, colors, and texture. Favorite piece to date? The Rai belt, it is flirty, comfy and it can flatter any body shape.  Explain the process of handmaking your products. I usually start with materials. I source all over the place until I find something that either inspires me or serves as a solution to a previous unfinished idea. If I can't find the right material, we have it custom made. Once you have the raw materials, some require finishing touches before assembling the final piece. This is the part most people are unaware of since it takes a lot of trial and error.  We try our best to deliver smooth finished products, and it takes some prep time to get it right. Solange, FKA Twigs, Kali Uchis, John Yuyi, Amanda Lepore, and Cardi B, are just a few notable celebrities wearing your designs. If you could dress anyone in Creepyyeha, who would it be and why? Dita Von Teese. She is amazing. Self-made, and always embraces glamour. I love that. She is someone I aspire to be like.  How do you aim to embellish and glorify the human figure? I wanna glorify and play with the human figure with no restrictions. I like to translate beauty from one realm to another. For example, the latest Creepyyeha crystal set modeled by Fka Twigs and most recently Solange, was inspired by a chandelier in the background of a picture a friend took. To see more by Creepyyeha click here. Photography by: Tom Cadogan Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    FOR THOSE WHO SIN jacket and jeans.  SSS WORLD CORP shirt and PT PANTALONI TORINO pants.  FOR THOSE WHO SIN jacket and jeans and talents own shoes. The last time Flaunt spoke with Ross and Rocky Lynch, the brothers behind The Driver Era, the duo were releasing their first batch of singles under their newest moniker and were gearing up for a summer run of music festivals which would witness the band’s first ever live performances. Their band, was still an infant and Ross had started making a name for himself in the movie and television industry. It’s incredible how so much can change in such little time.  Since the Flaunt interview, The Driver Era has released a handful of singles, racked up millions of views on YouTube, and has positioned themselves as headliners on a nationwide tour. Oh yeah, Ross Lynch’s Hollywood star was shot into the stratosphere when he took on Netflix “Harvey Kinkle,” in the Chilling Adventures of Sabrina. Their newest single “Feel You Now,” accompanied by a stop-motion lyric video by Amber Robb.  “Feel You Now,” continues The Driver Era’s excellent streak of singles with a bombastic chorus combined with silky, summertime grooves. Concerning the lyrics subject matter, Ross Lynch says “Feel You Now is about the struggle between your head and your heart. Fear or love. A common topic conversation for Rocky and myself. “Dig the video and catch the vibes below then catch The Driver Era at the Roxy  on March 29.   Photographed by: Max Baker Stylist: Marissa Motley Groomer: Dalton Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    H&M’s Conscious Exclusive  H&M’s Conscious Exclusive  H&M’s Conscious Exclusive  H&M’s Conscious Exclusive  H&M’s Conscious Exclusive  H&M’s Conscious Exclusive  H&M’s Conscious Exclusive  H&M’s Conscious Exclusive  H&M’s Conscious Exclusive  H&M’s Conscious Exclusive  H&M’s Conscious Exclusive  H&M’s Conscious Exclusive  H&M’s Conscious Exclusive  H&M’s Conscious Exclusive  H&M’s Conscious Exclusive  H&M’s Conscious Exclusive  H&M’s Conscious Exclusive  H&M’s Conscious Exclusive  H&M’s Conscious Exclusive  H&M’s Conscious Exclusive  H&M’s Conscious Exclusive  H&M’s Conscious Exclusive Over this past week, Swedish powerhouse, H&M, held a star-studded event to celebrate the unveiling of their new Conscious Exclusive collection, an initiative meant to bring sustainable garments to the everyday consumer. Attending guests included names of the industry, such as: Irinia Shayk, Dakota Fanning, Rowan Blanchard, Halima Aden, Camila Morrone, Abigail Spencer, Amber Valetta, Alek Wek, and Emmanuelle Chrique, among others. With the line, the brand debuted three new textiles: BLOOM™ Foam (“a flexible foam made from algae biomass”, Piñatex® (a leather alternative made from “pineapple-leaf fibers”, and Orange Fiber® (a fabric made from “citrus peel from juice production”). In a day-and-age being so directly affected by “fast” fashion and its waste output, it’s a huge triumph to see a brand with such large influence taking initiative. Moving forward, this sort of research is much needed if we are to sustain today’s fashion climate. The production of our everyday garments directly impacts the natural world that we all inhabit—the inspiration at the heart of this collection. Taking note of the majesty that surrounds us, the collection’s garments are primarily comprised of feminine, flowy silhouettes and colorful jacquards. The airy sensibility behind their design mirrors nature and its beauty, a world we intend to preserve. By bringing this matter to the masses, H&M has affirmed that this initiative is not divisive by economics. Sustainability is not exclusive to “high” fashion; this is everyone’s home, and as so, it’s maintenance should be everyone’s priority.  Photos courtesy of  H&M Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photography and Styling: Kelsey Randall  Assistant: Fallon Carey  Model: Lucia Roberts  Hair: Stefani Annaliese  Makeup: Jenn Blum   Director: Dionne Loftus  DP: Theodore Rex King  Photography and Styling: Kelsey Randall  Assistant: Liz Fernandez de Lara  Model: Sarah McCall  Hair: Wade Lee  Makeup: Takahiro Okada   Director: Dionne Loftus DP: Theodore Rex King Photography and Styling: Kelsey Randall Assistant: Liz Fernandez de Lara Model: Sarah McCall Hair: Wade Lee Makeup: Takahiro Okada  Photography and Styling: Kelsey Randall Assistant: Fallon Carey Model: Lucia Roberts Hair: Stefani Annaliese Makeup: Jenn Blum  Director: Dionne Loftus DP: Theodore Rex King Photography and Styling: Kelsey Randall Assistant: Liz Fernandez de Lara Model: Sarah McCall Hair: Wade Lee Makeup: Takahiro Okada  Photography and Styling: Kelsey Randall Assistant: Fallon Carey Model: Lucia Roberts Hair: Stefani Annaliese Makeup: Jenn Blum  Director: Dionne Loftus DP: Theodore Rex King Photography and Styling: Kelsey Randall Assistant: Liz Fernandez de Lara Model: Sarah McCall Hair: Wade Lee Makeup: Takahiro Okada  Photography and Styling: Kelsey Randall Assistant: Fallon Carey Model: Lucia Roberts Hair: Stefani Annaliese Makeup: Jenn Blum  Director: Dionne Loftus DP: Theodore Rex King Photography and Styling: Kelsey Randall Assistant: Liz Fernandez de Lara Model: Sarah McCall Hair: Wade Lee Makeup: Takahiro Okada Midnight Cowboy campaign video. Director: Dionne Loftus, DP: Theodore Rex King, Photography and Styling: Kelsey Randall, Assistant: Liz Fernandez de Lara, Model: Sarah McCall, Hair: Wade Lee, Makeup: Takahiro Okada Kelsey Randall is the Atlanta-born, New York-based millennial couturier crafting one-of-a-kind, bespoke garments. Graduating from Parsons School of Design in 2009, she went on to assist French womenswear company, Lilith. While immersed in business-ends of the industry, Kelsey worked on honing her craft in design after-hours; evolving towards the creation of her label in 2015. With subtle nods to McQueen, Rabanne, and Kawakubo, Randall’s garments exude a fresh take with a distinct personality. A melting pot of Kelsey’s visual influences, her designs reflect the fantasy that grows within her realm. The multi-faceted perfectionist retains the utmost control in drafting every pattern and draping and sewing all muslin samples. Unplugged from the industrial sewing machine, you can find Kelsey directing editorial shoots and video campaigns for web content, furthering her world beyond the creation of clothing. “I'm going to figure out my voice in this, and I'm going to stick to things I believe in, and I'm not going to compromise on it.” In challenging her creative process and following moral guidance, Randall designs with a code of ethics. Utilizing deadstock fabrics and reputable suppliers ensure “above board” practices in conjunction with her New York team of seamstresses. Taking a page from the book of old school couture houses, she also constructs pre-existing designs with custom fabrics in hopes that her customers alter their perspectives  in future clothing purchases. The commitment for transparency throughout her practices are purposeful in opening dialogues about sustainability and what that can look like today; quality over quantity. At her Brooklyn design studio, I sat down with Kelsey to discuss her business, design influences, and the launch of her new diffusion line, GEORGIA. Kelsey Randall After a decade of work with different brands, you launched your own in 2015; how did you decide to go solo? I was working for nine years for the French womenswear company, Lilith, and I was doing a lot of wholesale and retail for them; really learning that business end, which I knew if I ever wanted to launch my own line, you have to understand all the business stuff. Once I got to the point where I felt confident that I could understand the backend of the business, I spent another year just writing my business plan and trying to figure out how I could go to market with it before I launched my line. Did you always plan on creating your own line? The thing is I graduated in 2009, so it was the height of the recession and everyone that had graduated the year before me were all getting laid off from their jobs--there just really weren't any design opportunities available. I was working for Lilith, and I was able to save up enough money that I could get my own studio space and start honing my craft. I mean fashion school is great--I went to Parsons, so you get this great, really intense three-year training in fashion, but there's just not enough to really develop your skills as a designer. I was able to have this studio space where I was going after work and on my days off and just teaching myself to be the designer I wanted to be. I was working on my pattern drafting skills because for each collection--I draft every pattern, I drape all the muslins, I sew all the muslins. It’s very hands on--I'm not just sketching it and handing it off to someone else. I think I needed all those years between school and launching my own line to really come into my own as a designer and have a clear point of view about what I wanted to do with my brand. There's a million different design directions that I'm inspired to go down, so it was important to figure out where I fit into it big picture-wise. I knew from the start it was really important to me that my line was made in New York because I knew that was the only way I could oversee the production, and make sure everything was ethical and above board. Just given the higher production costs in New York, you automatically jump up into a certain price point. It was figuring out, “Okay, how do I match the designs, the fabrications-- everything, so I land at a price that I feel is fair to my customers but also takes into account our production costs?” Do you find the overall production control worth the cost? Absolutely. When I first started, I worked with the factory, but now I work with a team of seamstresses that I pay a fair wage. I think that's really important because when you look at my clothes, there's a lot of handcraft and they're meant to be these pieces that aren't just disposable--they're not just in your wardrobe for one season, it's something that you're going to hang on to and wear for years. It’s important to me that the people helping me bring that to life are compensated fairly for their efforts. I know that objectively there's ways to do that overseas, but somebody has to be there overseeing it and I’m not in a place where I can do that. I read that Alexander McQueen’s work inspired your career path, is there a specific collection that inspires you most? When I was in middle school, I discovered that show on E! called Video Fashion, where they would be backstage at the runway shows and talking to everyone in the front row, talking to the designers and showing the runway shows. I think it was that great era of McQueen--this is late-90s probably--- he's doing these incredible runway productions that aren't just a model walking down a runway; it's the full vision of fashion and what it can be. I think it wasn't necessarily one particular collection, it was just seeing him season after season, create these new worlds. But there was still his signature running throughout all of it--he could take you into another place each season. It was just his vision--what was so inspiring is it’s just so fully-realized. It's not just the garments, but it’s the way he’s telling a story with them--he created a world and to me, that was so inspiring. As a designer, I'm always aiming to create this fantasy world. That’s what I loved about McQueen, too. It's so fantasy, but you can still walk into a McQueen store and buy something that is wearable and makes sense. But to me, it was always the big, high drama runway moments that were so inspiring. Do you ever see yourself pursuing runway shows? I would love to, but the reality is I showed the first two seasons that I did collections. I did presentations during fashion week and the cost is so high and when you're starting out, if you look at the full fashion week calendar, there's always someone showing at the same time that's bigger than you--that you know 90% of the people are going to that show. It just felt like I was putting a lot of money into doing presentations for my friends and family and a handful of press. Now what we do instead is we do press previews to our showroom--we have them for a week after all the fashion weeks are over and when everyone's back in town; they can come and see the new collection and what I'm working on for upcoming seasons. It’s a lot more hands-on and they can actually touch and look at the clothes. They can have some more insight into not just that collection, but what we're trying to do overall as a company. Of course, as a designer and loving that whole, “I want to create a world that people can come into,” someday when I hopefully have the money to do runway shows, then of course. But I'm also kind of a perfectionist in that I want it to be how I envision it, which would require a bigger budget. In the meantime, I do a lot of photo shoots that I style and art-direct, videos and stuff like that. Aside from just doing lookbooks and campaigns, I do a lot of editorial shoots and that gives me the opportunity to create these worlds for my clothes. And another dilemma with runways, you see a look for 15 seconds and can’t appreciate the garments in their entirety. Right? Exactly. You also see the same piece on Instagram over and over. There's those ones that make a statement in a moment. Fashion has just changed a lot as far as how people receive it. I feel like people are looking to Instagram more and more to find stuff, so I just try and focus on putting interesting visuals up on my Instagram and trying to keep a nice mix of editorials that other people have styled or people that are wearing our clothes. I would say at least half of my instagram is stuff that I've styled or art-directed. How have your southern roots influenced your designs? There is definitely the obvious stuff like gingham and cowboy hats and cowboy boots. Even when you look back at the first campaign for my first collection, the girls were wearing white cowboy boots. So there's certain nods that I go to naturally. I think one of the other great things about people that love fashion in the south is it's not quiet dressing--people aren’t afraid to wear bright prints or bright colors.  More than growing up in the south, what influenced me was my grandmother-- she was such a huge reason for my interest in fashion because she sewed her own clothes and when she was younger, she loved to throw big parties. She’s always throwing these theme parties and costume parties and she had kept all her clothes from that time, and so I'd just be at her house looking through her closet, seeing these beautiful dresses that she'd made by hand. She really put a lot of care into that; there are pieces that I still own to this day and they're still in great condition because they were made well. I think it's more so I'm really interested in that idea of heritage--things being able to be passed down and things that don't go out of style because they're not trying to be trendy. If you just come to it from a place of trying to create something that you believe in and that you think is beautiful in some way, there's that kind of authenticity that it's still going to look good five, 10, 25 years from now. I think for my childhood, that probably influenced me the most. Did your grandmother teach you to sew? When I first got a sewing machine she helped me with it. When I started my line, she helped me build the sets for my first presentation. She was just always so, so excited about everything I was doing.  She was my biggest cheerleader and always told me to follow my dreams. Of all your work, which garment holds the most meaning to you? I get really emotionally attached to my pieces, just in general. I think it's because I have a really big hand in the crafting of them, so I feel like I tend to get really attached to the pieces that I've made from start to finish. With plenty of my pieces, my seamstresses are helping to sew and that sort of stuff, but yeah, I think I just tend to get more attached to the ones that I've just walked through the whole way. That's such a hard question. It's like which of your kids do you like the best? I guess I could say from my most recent collection, I really love all the chainmail pieces and the crystal stuff. The chainmail has been something I've also been incorporating into this next collection; just trying to evolve. I really like those pieces because I find making them very therapeutic--I really like the repetitive action of just linking the metal chains and slowly building the pieces. I mean, those feel very close to my heart. With the chainmail ones, a lot of them take upwards of a month to make, and that's a month of working on it for multiple hours every single day. It’s just that kind of slow, meditative process. I work in sections and then at the end I put them all together, so the final piece really comes together in a day or two. There’s just such a big, slow build up and just a trust that, ‘Okay, this is going to work and it'll be cool.” How do you define the cohesiveness of each collection? For each collection, I definitely want to have a mood or a theme. I don't go so far as to being like, “Oh, it's inspired by ‘X,’ this one thing.” It tends to be sort of a melting pot of things that I think go together in an interesting way. So my last collection, the story was very midnight cowboy, very kind of Gram Parsons. There was a lot of this idea of sparkle and holographic and touches and this western feeling-- very late-60s rock and roll. I would say a through line with a lot of the work I do kind of goes back to these classic rock feelings. Probably because it's my favorite period of music, but I tend to be really inspired by Mick Jagger and anyone that Bob Mackie dressed--I'm a big Bob Mackie fan. I tend to get very excited about that kind of stuff; I tend to look to the past for inspiration because you can create your own kind of fantasies about it and just kind of imagine what it would have been like. I like to build one collection off the last one, so this next one's still feeling a little bit western--but it's kind of going toward an old-school, Vegas showgirl kind of feel. Classic Hollywood starlets and the slinky, bias-cut dresses and the feathers and lots of bling--silvers and pinks and things like that. It usually just starts with a handful of inspirations that I think have a nice dialogue together and then I just build out their fabric story and start designing from there. What’s your favorite material to work with? I think just in general, I love working with muslin because it's easy and such a good base because I put together this muslin dress for each design and in my mind, project what it would be like in all these different fabrics. I think it helps me the most, but I guess from a standpoint of actual dresses that people can wear, I love silk taffeta. Taffetas and Shantung and Dupioni silks--I love silks. They're great, I mean I could just do everything in them.  I also like silks because you can find a good mill to work with that has a good reputation; they have all the stock colors available, so it makes it easier. I feel like with my collections, I'm always trying to source fabrics that are either deadstock or from really reputable suppliers because I'm not buying in large quantities. It’s just always that push-pull of trying to find fabrics that make sense for our price point, but that are still luxurious and ethically made. It’s kind of nice with my silk suppliers that I'm like, “Okay, I know everything's above board here.” What does the importance of ethical fashion mean to you? I think for me, luxury fashion is aspirational. I feel if something's aspirational, it needs to be made in the best possible way. To me, the best possible way to make clothes is to make sure it's not doing harm and that hopefully it's doing some good, as in the people that are doing the production and labor are getting paid correctly, and that the mills that we're working with are manufacturing in a way that is not doing damage. Also, I use faux furs and leathers in our collections, or upcycle old leather.  For the new collection I’m working on now, I am using faux feathers I made because I really wanted ostrich feathers.  But after a quick Google search on ostrich feathers, it left me horrified with they’re obtained. So it was just like, “Okay, well I can't have ostrich feathers then, unless I find a way to make something that looks like them.” I think a lot of the time for me it’s trying to problem-solve.  With my brand, I am very aware that the clothes are expensive and that they're not for a mass market just because they're more expensive and often kind of fantasy and outlandish. But at least by having people being fans of the brand, we can maybe open up a dialogue a little bit about ethical manufacturing and what sustainability can look like. I think more than anything, the message that I hope to get across is: We need to think harder about our purchases. Instead of just this, “I'm just going to wear it once and it doesn't matter.” Getting people to think about, “I'm going to think about this piece, I'm going to invest in it.” All our clothes are made to order, so people see the line, they'll come to a trunk show or an event in our showroom, they'll try on stuff. They'll talk with me about, “What fabric do you want to do it in?” We take their measurements and we have it made for them, and it's just a different way of shopping; it’s very old school how the couture houses used to be. Even 20 years ago, people didn't buy half as much shit as we buy now. The market is so over-saturated these days... It's completely, and when you look at landfills across the world, they're full of clothes, so I think, “How can we get people to slow down and be a little bit more considerate about their consumer-spending habits?” Even if people can't buy my clothes, if they can maybe appreciate the idea of looking at things for quality or looking for things that speak to them on a deeper kind of emotional level; thinking a little bit more about who makes your clothes. If you're buying a $15 pair of jeans, you have to really stop and think about, “How much could the person who sewed this possibly have been paid to make these?” Because you're buying it from a store, they're taking more than half of that money, and it just keeps getting cut down the supply chain . When you start thinking about it that way, you're like, “Am I really comfortable with someone getting paid literally pennies to make this for me?” How do you feel about fast-fashion companies? I think they’re completely irresponsible.  A company like H&M is a multi billion dollar company that could easily afford to pay their garment laborers a living wage, but profits are their top priority not the people who make their clothes. When I first started my line, I was doing two collections a year. Now I'm just doing one because I firmly believe that the designs that I’m making aren't going to be going out of fashion or style anytime soon--whatever that means. I'm not trying to hit a trend. We always have the pieces from all our collections--they’re always available to be purchased. It’s not like, “Oh, you can't have it anymore.” I'm launching a diffusion line called GEORGIA by Kelsey Randall at the end of the spring, so it's going to be a lower price point. It's a collection of everyday dresses, very size-inclusive. It’s still all made in New York and everything's still made-to-order; it’s a shorter turnaround time, so you just pick the silhouette you want, you pick the fabric you want out of an option of different fabrics, you pick your size, and then we make it for you and we send it to you. I think delayed gratification can be a nice thing if you're willing to frame it like that. I'm guilty of wanting immediate gratification with ordering shit things off Amazon Prime and being like, “I have to have it today.” I think our culture is so instant, but I think we can at least try to--for some of our purchases--slow it down, roll it back, think a little bit harder. I used to be a total shopaholic because I am a fashion lover, and so I used to buy stuff all the time and I would buy things that I liked even if I didn't love it: “Oh I don't really like that thing it's doing in the back, but I like the piece, overall.” But then you never wear it because that little thing that's wrong with it is always kind of keeping you from wearing it. If we can spend a little more time only buying things that we know we love or things that speak to us and we know that we're going to wear over and over. What I hate is this idea that you should only wear something once--I think it's so stupid. I'm a firm believer in having signature pieces. I wear my white cowboy boots pretty much every single day--they’re something people know me for. I have the same faux fur coat that I've been wearing every winter for eight years and it's something people know me for and always compliment me on, no matter how many times they see me wearing it because they're like, “It's part of your look,” and it becomes part of who you are. But I think there is that thing in culture where we're being pushed to reinvent ourselves every five minutes. I just don't think that's sustainable or healthy, either. Would you ever create a collection of upcycled and re-worked pieces? I would love to do that. Since I did these jackets in my last collection that were reworked from old leather jackets, a few clients that I’ve done pieces for have been bringing me jackets of theirs to reimagine and do something new with. There is that element of, “Oh, well you can't mass-produce this,” but at the same time, I'm kind of like, “That's not what my brand is about, anyway.”  In my last collection, we have all these lace pieces, and they're all made out of Quaker lace tablecloths. Back in the day, everyone loved these Quaker lace tablecloths; they’re cotton lace that were made by the Quakers in Pennsylvania, so they're great quality, super-soft cotton. You can go on Ebay and find a zillion of these tablecloths and they all are the exact same color of cream lace, so I'm just using old lace tablecloths instead of buying new lace. Even though some of them are old, and it’s a tablecloth so sometimes there's a spot on them, I can lay my pattern out around that and I can cut around if there's a stain on it. They’re some of my favorite pieces from our most recent collection because I really like that they're everything that my brand is about. The materials themselves were made in America, made from American cotton, it’s deadstock waste fabric, if you will, that we've given a new life to. I'm just trying to look for more opportunities to do stuff like that. On your website, you’re transparent about every process throughout your operations. Do you think brands should practice transparency on topics of manufacturers, fabric suppliers, and so on? It's hard to say that other brands have an obligation to do it because at the end of the day they can do whatever they want to do. I might not like it, but there’s no strict laws about transparency.  But I think it matters to the people who buy my clothes; we have a shared value about it. I'm fortunate enough that with my clients, I tend to have a direct relationship with a lot of them that when we're selecting their fabrics, because a lot of what we do is bespoke, it's based off a sample from the collection, but I'll do it for them in a fabric that speaks more to them. We have a lot of conversations about where the fabric came from and how production works. There's just an understanding there that is, “If we're doing this custom piece for you, this is the timeline; this is how many months it takes to do it because we're going to do this here.” It means a lot to me, so I think I tend to attract people to my brands who care about it, too. Five years from now, how do you envision the growth of your company? My whole life I have very much been a future tripper--I'm always just thinking about the future. It's been very hard for me to be in the present moment because I'm just so focused on my goals and where I want to get to. I think if you had asked me that question a year ago, I would have laid out a very distinct list of goals I wanted to hit--who I wanted to dress, how much money I wanted my company to be making, where I wanted my brand being sold. But I feel like right now, I'm just sort of at a point where I'm trying to appreciate where we're at now and what we're doing currently. I think I'm just going to say that I am happy with the direction that we're going in even though that part of my mind wants it to be 50 times more successful than it is; I want it to be 15 years from now and I want to be running an empire, I want to be the creative director at a heritage house. Of course I want it to be like that, but I'm also just trying to re-focus on taking the next right action for our company. Hopefully launching our diffusion line, GEORGIA by Kelsey Randall, is going to bring in a whole new group of people that have really loved the aesthetic of the brand, but buying a $1,500 crystal rhinestone halter top isn't necessarily applicable to their day-to-day life. I think it will bring in new people to be a part of what we're doing. I'm really excited about a lot of the artists that I'm collaborating with, the musicians that I'm doing a lot of summer tour wardrobes for; music videos I’m styling and wedding dresses I’m working on for clients. I'm dressing people that I think are contributing in a positive way to society. In five years from now, I hope I'm still doing it--that's my biggest hope. That I'm still getting to make these clothes and that people still are getting to wear them and that I'm still getting to sit down and have conversations with people like you who clearly care about fashion beyond just the materialistic aspect, or how many followers you have or whatever it is--that actually think about these things on a deeper level. It’s hard when you start your own company because you want to do everything right so you can be successful. But at the same time, I have to remind myself that it's the disruptors and the people that always rebel a little that end up doing something that's really impactful. It’s like when I started my brand, it felt like I was being pushed to wholesale the line and to just get my price point down as low as humanly possible and try and move my productions somewhere cheaper. It was always, “Can we make it cheaper?” I'm really glad I didn't try and do that. I just said, “No, I'm going to figure out my voice in this and I'm going to stick to things I believe in and I'm not going to compromise on it.” In fact, I'm going to try and go further towards, “What does sustainability mean to me?” I think hopefully I'll be able to keep doing it and hopefully the audience will grow, and that's all I can hope for because I'm not someone that's in it for the money. I'm just in it to be able to keep fucking doing it. To see more by Kelsey Randall click here. Photography: Tom Cadogan Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   DIOR dress, HUDSON JEANS jeans, AGENT PROVOCATEUR bra, and CHARLOTTE CHESNAIS ring and bracelet. KOCHÉ top, HUDSON JEANS jeans, JIMMY CHOO shoes, SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO earrings, and stylist’s own ring. “It’s funny, because I didn’t grow up surrounded by luxury or access to actual fashion,” fashion blogger turned electro-pop singer Kristina Bazan says. “I was born in Belarus at a time where there really weren’t any shops. I remember how hard it was to even find a magazine somewhere.”  Where does one gather their panache in a place where inspiration is tough to come by?  For now 24-year-old Bazan, it started simply with her mother’s perfume. “I just remember when my mom was using her perfumes, and the little objects that she had in her room were really intriguing for me,” Bazan says. “I just really quickly associated fashion with this really beautiful, mysterious world that is extremely unreachable—kind of like a world with only perfect people, where everything is kind of gorgeous and dream-worthy.”  Bazan took her love for fashion and created her own “dream world” online, launching a fashion and lifestyle blog, Kayture, in 2011, after her family’s relocation to Switzerland. She was working without a real precedent, and not everyone understood what she was up to. “At the beginning when I started blogging, my family was kind of scared because it was such a new thing, especially at the time in Switzerland... So for my friends and family, it really was like, ‘Oh, Kristina has a hobby, which is to spend her days online.”  VALENTINO dress, AGENT PROVOCATEUR bodysuit, and stylist’s own hat. This hobby, however, landed her name on the 2016 Forbes’ 30 under 30: Art & Style list, which quieted any doubts her family might have harbored. “It was the first time that my dad kind of gave me his approval. He’s a really rational guy—for him it doesn’t matter whether I work with Louis Vuitton or Dior. He doesn’t even know really what it is. But to be in Forbes—that means something for him,” she says, laughing.  From the beginning, Bazan pursued her own vision, tapping into both her fascination with and admiration for the art of fashion. She references the period of Alexander McQueen—a time when the spotlight was focused on artistry and story, not on the perpetual churn of “hype.” “Sometimes I get really disappointed to see that nowadays fashion is becoming sneakers and hoodies, with the industry adapting to this consumer-oriented era,” Bazan says. The foreseeable turn to #Ads has become paramount in social media. “Whether you’re a blogger or influencer or whatever you want to call it, the end goal is to influence people to buy products, that’s why brands hire you... and I’m not sure that I want to support this consumerism, you know? I think that there are more important things in life,” she says.  HERMÈS bodysuit and dress, UNITED NUDE shoes, SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO tights, CHARLOTTE CHESNAIS earring, and BVLGARI ring. Bazan’s response to the perceived decline of narrative artistry and mystery in the fashion world, as well as an admitted frustration with the performative aspects of being an “influencer,” has been to integrate those core inspirations into a new medium—music.  “I think that music connects you to this inner essence that is the truth, to your humanity and feelings. Ever since I fully dove into my music project, I don’t even really go into stores anymore. I work with a few brands and sometimes I do some online shopping, but I even feel uncomfortable wearing labels or showing too much luxury in my feed because I don’t want to incite young girls or promote that kind of lifestyle.”  Perhaps it’s no surprise that she turns to another generation for her aesthetic inspirations. “I’m really fascinated by the movie industry and cinematography in general, so I actually find a lot of inspiration for my music in movies,” she says. “For example, I’m really into all the late ’70s/’80s dark thrillers and comic horror.” HUDSON JEANS jacket and shorts, WOLFORD bodysuit and tights, and ANDY WOLF sunglasses. Bazan’s EP, Ephv1, which debuted in late October of 2018, throws listeners into a constant roar of energy. Songs like “Killer,” “VR,” and “Old Soul” evolve gorgeous but eerie futures, creating cinematic soundscapes with background beats almost reminiscent of rolling film. Inspired by movies like The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Mulholland Drive, and Suspiria, her EP emanates that underlying level of the unknown, filled with changing shadows.  “I think that a lot of people were kind of surprised by the darkness that they found in my EP, the many subjects and many song titles that sounded really dark,” Bazan says. “But for me, it’s kind of a playful way to wink at the audience because, yes, I have a song called “The Devil,” but if you listen to it, it’s actually a love song that’s really sweet.”  At Lollapalooza Paris this coming summer, Bazan will be in attendance not just for the sake of seeing The Strokes— who she is most excited for—but to perform at the event herself. It’s her first major festival, and she aims to bring cinema to her musical performance, orchestrating a virtual reality experience to fully immerse her audience in their very own dream world. “I think for me that’s [my] ultimate goal— to be able to make people travel through their imagination, through sound.” Photographer: Théo Gosselin At LGA Management.    Flaunt Film by: Cédric Jereb Stylist: Mui-Hai Chu.   Hair: Quentin Lafforgue.  Makeup: Kristina Bazan.    Styling Assistant: Céline Gaulhiac  Location: Hotel Grand Amour, Paris.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photos courtesy of Ray-Ban. Ray-Ban announces DJ Peggy Gou as its latest addition to Ray Ban Studios — a series of exclusive product collaborations with artists rooted in the brand’s musical foundations. Peggy Gou’s Feel Your Beat campaign shines light on with what drives her as a DJ and producer. Her fashion background made for her Ray Ban Studios collaboration to include a gold sunglass chain complete with Gou’s initials being sold alongside sunglasses — a first in Ray Ban’s history of collaborating.  Photos courtesy of Ray-Ban. Photos courtesy of Ray-Ban. The Ray-Ban Studios x Peggy Gou collaboration will be available for $173-$223 on Ray-Ban.com. Photos courtesy of Ray-Ban. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photo courtesy of Louis Vuitton   Photo courtesy of Louis Vuitton  Photo courtesy of Louis Vuitton  Photo courtesy of Louis Vuitton  Photo courtesy of Louis Vuitton Following up the launch of its leather collection featuring hard luggage, Louis Vuitton has enlisted the multi-faceted designer Marc Newson to design the second range of modern rolling luggage. Paying less attention to rigid lines and strict parameters, the outer-shell is crafted from thermo-formed 3D knit, featuring a double-sided jacquard and Newson’s take on the classic LV Monogram.   “I had to identify a suitable technology to give the project validity, I had to have a reason, something really compelling to kick the project off. That was to be the technology, which was not so much a technology, more of a process or a technique, a process that I  was aware of through various other projects that I had been doing and essentially it’s knitting,” said Newson.  The essence of this collection is to ensure a modern look while convenient and lightweight for travel. The innovation of the custom designed collection further extends with the TSA approved ergonomic aluminum 3-digit combination lock system, operable with one hand, and near silent miniature wheels. Luxury has never melted so effortlessly into functional as it has in this collection, launching Friday, March 29. Photos courtesy of Louis Vuitton Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photo courtesy of Fendi The special re-edition purple sequin Baguette, worn by Sarah Jessica Parker in FENDI’s #BaguetteFriendsForever video is now available for pre-order exclusively on Fendi.com.  Photo courtesy of Fendi The 2019 re-edition of the Baguette was originally created for FENDI’s Fall/Winter 1999 Collection, and is now being re-introduced to be worn cross-body with a detachable shoulder strap in purple leather, or hand-carried with the top handle. The bag will also be sold in FENDI boutiques worldwide starting from mid-July 2019. Photos courtesy of Fendi Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Barneys New York becomes the first major retailer to introduce a cannabis lifestyle shop with the opening of “The High End,” its very own luxury cannabis lifestyle and wellness concept shop location on the fifth floor of its Beverly Hills flagship store. The High End features an exclusive partnership with luxe cannabis brand Beboe, along with an extensive selection of accessories and wellness products. Guests will be able to experience a collection of custom blown glass pipes, luxe rolling papers, one-of-a-kind vintage ashtrays, sterling silver grinders, and CBD-infused beauty.   Photo courtesy of Barneys New York  Photo courtesy of Barneys New York  Photo courtesy of Barneys New York  Photo courtesy of Barneys New York  Photo courtesy of Barneys New York  Photo courtesy of Barneys New York The collaboration includes an exclusive special edition silver Beboe vaporizer pen and costumers who visit The High End will also have the chance to purchase from Beboe’s delivery service, Emjay. “Many of our customers are incorporating cannabis into their lifestyle, and The High End meets this new need in a way that only Barneys New York can,” said Daniella Vitale, Chief Executive Officer & President, Barneys New York. “We are thrilled for customers to visit The High End and its extraordinary selection of products. It’s an experience they can’t get anywhere else.” Select products featured in The High End will also be available on Barneys.com starting March 29. Barneys New York plans to expand The High End to additional locations in the near future.    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   ZADIG & VOLTAIRE jacket, shirt, and pants. Ben Barnes was blessed with a career that has seen him give life to a world of characters. Never one to be typecast his ever-changing roles have helped him maturate and inform his craft, with acting choices frequently contradicting his past performances. A lot of this is attributed to time studying at the National Youth Music Theater, a key function in shaping an illustrious career in the theater world performing in lead roles on the West End. It was in his 20s that his foray into the film world began with high profile roles in The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian, playing the titular character in a classic coming of age story rebranded for the fantasy world.  Though his fantastical roles have captivated in his early career, lately the London born actor has taken to performing in darker roles which test his craft as an actor and question our fragility as beings. His turn as a gun slinging bad boy of the west coming to terms with the notion of being a robot in WestWorld helped question the internal dialogue with oneself when wondering “what is human?” Most recently his villainous role as Billy Russo in The Punisher has brought into question the trauma that comes with a life serving for the military. We spoke with the actor on mental health, challenging his acting range and the intensive research he takes on to best embody his roles.  BOSS jacket, turtleneck, and pants.  I wanted to focus on your character in “The Punisher.” I think it was very important to discuss this journey through mental health and your depiction of it? My first thought of call for this stuff is usually actually my folks because my Dad is a psychotherapist so he’s obviously been dealing with patients with mental health issues for about fifty years and my mum is actually a sexual relationships type of therapist. The character Billy has Krista as his veterans worker, a type of therapist, that is assigned to him when he is in the hospital so they were my first sort of call to try and make sure that the back and forth and the dialogue between Billy and Krista, which is a huge portion of the seasons of both myself and Floriana [Lima], who plays Krista. We wanted to make sure that that felt like something natural and it was also very important to the show, the show-runners and Jon Bernthal. He’s very keen to make any relationship with the veteran community an authentic one in the show.  Obviously it’s a comic book show, but it is definitely a character that has been taken up by a lot of institutions including various armed forces and police forces and things like that. I think that kind of emblem of justice or vigilante justice has somehow become the main sort of masculinity,  I’ve seen that everywhere. It was kind of obviously important to make sure that the art therapy that Billy’s been through in terms of conceptualizing and wearing a mask in order to be able to really talk about issues at his core and how people see him, how he sees himself, and I think that that was the whole, real journey of that character that both seasons actually goes into. Someone who’s very narcissistic, vain and greedy and sees himself in this extremely powerful alpha way, almost like an immortal kind of figure, untouchable.  TOPMAN turtleneck. How do you see his transition from the first to second season? In the second season, he sort of comes to understand who he is in the most obvious way,  when he looks himself in the mirror he sees the physical scarring, but underneath that is somebody who can’t remember what got him here. Except for the trauma he had as a child and he has this chance to sort of turn over a new leaf but he doesn’t feel like he can talk about it because nobody sees him how he sees himself because he doesn’t know how he sees himself. He’s got no reflection as it were at the beginning of the second season and I think that it’s almost like he’s screaming inside of his body and no one can really hear it, including him, because he can’t understand. I thought that was all kind of really interesting stuff to throw into the melting pot.  With all the makeup and everything, what was that whole process in production like? Was that something that took a long time?  I mean, I think we started it actually with the big fight at the end of the first season between myself and Jon on a carousel. And it’s quite specific, the way that Billy’s face sort of hits various mirrors and porcelain ponies. I think that what they tried to do in the show a little bit is show the history of each star so, you know, Jason’s character, Curtis, gets sliced once on his face in the first season, and therefore he has this scar all the way through the second season on his cheek. Jon just kind of carries wounds over from specific moments and I think that they wanted to be able to account for each of the scars on his face, being able to see this specific moment. There’s a hole in my right cheek where a bullet ricochets and hits me and I stick it out in the first season so that’s more of a hole shape prosthetic and then, obviously you have some of the left side has a jaggedy-looking scar that we nicknamed “John Travolta” because it looked like him on the cover of, Saturday Night Fever pointing one arm on the air. We have nicknames for all the scars by the end, so that in case one came off halfway through filming we’d be like, ‘Oh, we’ve got to replace Tyler Durden, we’ve got to replace John Travolta at lunch time because it’s looking a bit worse to wear.’ Interestingly, they never came off when I was doing fight scenes, they only came off during love-making scenes.  GUCCI pants and stylist's own t-shirt. I want to continue on to speak about love-making - your new role in BBC’s “Gold Digger.” I wanted to talk about your storyline and what is it like being the younger man to an older woman. Is it a concept that you feel like is antiquated now that we have this type of feminist experience where women are doing for themselves Well, I think that all of these things should be something - all of these -isms should be something that are entirely antiquated by this point, but we have a society which when you take one step forward, will be pushed back two steps in the other direction by the powers that be. I think that it is always worth telling a story that you feel is underrepresented and certainly for me,We’re living in an age where all of these -isms should be something that are entirely antiquated and play into the way that we tell stories, but they do and obviously, I’m not pretending to be any kind of social justice warrior for taking on a role such as this one. It’s nothing that hasn’t been done before, but at the same time I think that any stories which put a 60-year-old female character at their center and talk about their journey and tells a story from that perspective is something which is less than usual. I think that is something in itself which should peak our interest to address the balance and I think it’s interesting to toy with stereotypes of femme fatale characters and sort if these younger women and older male dynamics which have been played out in so many films over the years, almost without us batting an eye. We also see this fifty-five, sixty-year-old movie stars and these twenty-something-year-olds actresses opposite them and don’t even question it and I also think it’s interesting to have that be something that this story is about on some level, but it also turns the lens very much on the person watching it.  ALL SAINTS shirt and pants and GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes. Do you feel there is a responsibility in the way we watch media? The responsibility for judgement is very much with the audience which is what I found so compelling about this type of storytelling is that it’s like, 'we present you with this story and this set of circumstances and these people’s emotive reactions or opinions on that and then it almost takes you on an adventure. If you’re judging this, why are you judging it? And I think that’s a really interesting, challenging way to make T.V. and that’s what excites me about it.  That brings me on to my other question, which is about maturing in the industry and your career progressing, do you feel that its very hard to change the cultural impressions of you knowing people know your work before and how you grow into it? Yeah,  interesting. I think that you know as a very very young actor I was always unbelievably excited by seeing actors kind of smash any preconceived notices that I had about what kind of performance they were going to give. Actors you kind of come across a completely different way from a way you imagined them and I think that for the first sort of decade of my career I was consistently quite playing earnest characters, kind of coming of age stories and my friends would joke that I played boy with sword or graduated to boy with gun or boy with magical gemstone or whatever but it was essential about defeating the monster and winning the girl. I'm a child of the 80s and those adventure stories are deeply embedded in me but at the same time it's nice to kind of in my early to mid 30s start to be able to cross that impression a little bit and to take on, and to draw out my selfish side, my sadistic side, my tough side my kind of cocky side my funny side. All these other kind of elements which are everybody but if you have told me at age 21 that I was going to be playing a Marvel villain opposite Jon Bernthal, literally fighting in hand to hand combat and playing this kind of sadistic killer types with mental health problems and ex marines and things like that I'd probably wouldn't believe you. I always thought I'd sort of be this you know english bubbly more Hugh Grant type characters (faint laugh) and obviously there's still time for that. I always want to subvert something I'd just done by doing something completely opposite. That’s was excites me about this job and being afforded those kind of opportunities and switch and change how you come across and how you think.  BOSS jacket and pants and COMMON PROJECTS shoes. Yeah but the bad guys are always hotter and you're at the stage now so that’s great lol (laughs) Do you feel that maturation comes a complexity that your characters do take on this more dynamic arenas of being right? Yeah I taught a few acting master classes when I was back in London. I never really done anything like that before, the idea of sitting to think and write down the knowledge you've accumulated over the years. This is stuff that we kind of take for granted and use on a daily basis on set but just kind of really thinking about some of the things someone could help me with. Just thinking about like always the seeing the cracks of the other side of the character even if the character is sweet and light, being able to see the cracks of the selfish in them, or the cracks of the darkness of them. Every character no matter how one dimensional it is is a melting pot of characteristics and is the sum of their entire history and I think that those are just things we learn as people as we get older. We are able to infuse our characters more and round them out more fully the more we live.  Who is the ultimate character you'd want to perform?  I 'm always looking to do whatever I haven't just done. So having played that kind of character in The Punisher and that kind of untrustworthiness of the ego and selfishness of something like Logan in Westworld I think that it would be nice to do something a little more sunnier. I grew with all those 80s rom coms and those Harry Met Sally sort of things and the Richard Curtis types and i always am looking for something really kind of positive to go out into the world like that. But it's so rare to find one that really kind of fresh and funny but something like that is definitely on my bucket list. As soon as I do something like that then I'll want to do something set in a prison, ya know what I mean? Just to kind of have balance. Photographed by: David-Simon Dayan. Styled by: Alex Shera. Groomed by: Christine Nelli using Chanel Beauty and Oribe at The Wall Group. Photo Assistant: Corrine Ciani. Produced by: BJ Panda Bear Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Rose In Good Faith | The Violent Dance  Rose In Good Faith | The Violent Dance  Rose In Good Faith | The Violent Dance  Rose In Good Faith | The Violent Dance  Rose In Good Faith | The Violent Dance  Rose In Good Faith | The Violent Dance  Rose In Good Faith | The Violent Dance  Rose In Good Faith | The Violent Dance  Rose In Good Faith | The Violent Dance  Rose In Good Faith | The Violent Dance  Rose In Good Faith | The Violent Dance  Rose In Good Faith | The Violent Dance  Rose In Good Faith | The Violent Dance  Rose In Good Faith | The Violent Dance  Rose In Good Faith | The Violent Dance Last night I found myself in the politest mosh pit I have ever been in. It made me miss the decade before when I was a preteen with my asymmetrical hair and teen angst, smoking behind art buildings. I would go to rock shows in dilapidated spaces, not really sure why I was so angry. The rush of seeing a bunch of shit-heads moshing, while the worst sounding bands performed felt so right.  My look was comprised of bondage pants circa Marc by Marc Jacobs, a band tee of some band I only knew 2 tracks from and my dad’s leather jacket. It was a time when Myspace meant something, everything.  With that same conviction LA based brand Rose In Good Faith just dropped the ultimate scenster approved collection with their signature use of luxury fabrics. Founded by Akiva Alpert and David Teitelbaum the brand bridges the extreme highs and lows of culture and fabrication in a space of earnest appreciation. Past seasons have included collaborations with Christian Audigier and Ed Hardy, evoking the glamorous era of 2000’s bedazzled bad taste with all of the ghost of Kitson fully awoken. When presenting their latest collection, initial PTSD of cringe worthy dutch angled photo selfies and oversaturated malaise comes into mind. Upon further inspection, beyond the distressed fabrics and faded gothic text lay the comfort of heavy weight Japanese French Terry hoodies, silk Charmeuse jackets and all the cotton cashmere needed to combat the thoughts of all the poly hell of yesterday’s Hot Topic wardrobe. We hit up Akiva Alpert to give us the strength to once again embrace the scene within. What is the inspiration behind this collection? The Violent Dance references hardcore-dancing, which is an esoteric style of moshing prevalent in the hardcore scene. This combined with my experiences within the scene itself, and love for Japanese import-tuning.  Is there any Myspace subtext in the way you gathered this collection? Absolutely. Myspace truly was the epicenter of it all. I utilized old scene makeup, and hair references, as well as my old Myspace profile photos, and mosh-pit photography of that era. What places made you think of this era, were there venues you thought of when designing this collection? Growing up between Atlanta, and South Georgia, The Masquerade in ATL, and my local venue called The Lot were my biggest reference points.  My teenage years literally existed adjacent to those two venues, specifically. The Masquerade was iconic, and the Norma Jean shows there were always incredible. I was always at The Lot on Friday or Saturday night hanging out at the venue which was simply an elevated wooden stage in a dirt parking lot. Completely DIY. What is it about the Straightedge style that fits in with where we are in 2019? Straight-edge culture, and the hardcore community at large have always been heavily inspired by athletic apparel, as hardcore dancing is ultimately a sub-cultural contact sport. With the comeback of baggier, more athletic fits, it makes perfect sense in 2019. The standard straight-edge style fit comprised of: basketball jersey, mesh shorts, Nike Airmaxs, and a New Era cap are pretty timeless to begin with. How do you see the gothic fonts fitting in the way this era's main focal point of music and subculture? Internet culture has blended sub-culture, and nostalgia in such a way that the 90s, 2000s and prominent sub-cultures such as goth, scene, and trap have all coalesced. Gothic fonts can be viewed as one of the binding visual elements for all darker sub-cultures to blend, and coexist together.  How do you best see this fit in the way you could mosh in the clothing? I fully expect to see designer apparel being worn in the pit at rap, and metal shows for the foreseeable future. You should definitely throw on a hoodie from this collection, hood up, paired with denim, or mesh shorts, along with your favorite Nikes and throw down. The more worn-in, and lived-in the garments, the better. Are we ready to revisit scenster themes of the 2000's? Definitely. Its time for the Toni and Guy era haircuts, and more hyper-modern styles to make a comeback. I think there is traditionally this societal reaction of growth and progression away from our teenage selves, and then perhaps a profound realization that nostalgia, and teenage experience truly is/was a part of our core identities. Our generation of millennials and beyond aren’t tethered to this antiquated notion of adulthood. Lets bring it all back.  Where do you see our culture converging? Its absolutely incredible to be in a time where self-expression can exist so freely, and untethered; with divisions within fashion, and music being virtually non-existent. Also, I’d like to collaborate on a hair-straighter lol. Photos courtesy of Rose In Good. Faith Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    AG Blanda capsule collection launch  AG Blanda capsule collection launch  AG Blanda capsule collection launch  AG Blanda capsule collection launch  AG Blanda capsule collection launch  AG Blanda capsule collection launch  AG Blanda capsule collection launch  AG Blanda capsule collection launch  AG Blanda capsule collection launch  AG Blanda capsule collection launch  AG Blanda capsule collection launch  AG Blanda capsule collection launch  AG Blanda capsule collection launch  AG Blanda capsule collection launch  AG Blanda capsule collection launch  AG Blanda capsule collection launch  AG Blanda capsule collection launch  AG Blanda capsule collection launch  AG Blanda capsule collection launch  AG Blanda capsule collection launch  AG Blanda capsule collection launch  AG Blanda capsule collection launch  AG Blanda capsule collection launch This past Thursday, AG jeans celebrated the launch of their capsule collection with multimedia artist Blanda. Co-hosted by the lovely Emily Ratajkowski, the party acknowledged World Water Day, as the collection is partnering with Water for People in a 12 month partnership, coinciding with the collection’s launch.  The brand and its respective partnership acknowledges the global impact of denim production with an initiative to reduce waste in an effort to improve the fashion industry. The capsule  highlights Newton’s Third Law of cause and effect and how the human experience relies on an interconnected chain of action in order to properly function. The collection will be available online and in AG stores.  Photos by Owen Kolasinski courtesy of AG jeans Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017     David Miller   Audemars Piguet CEO Antonio Seward   Joey Zauzig  Josh and Kristen Taekman  Melany C. Rodriguez and Tara Descalzi  Moti Ankari  Trevor Noah, Audemars Piguet CEO Antonio Seward, and Luke Sabbat Over three hundred guests gathered at The Wiliam Vale Hotel to experience the first-hand look at CODE 11.59, the latest collection by one of Flaunt's favorite luxury watch brands, Audemars Piguet. The immersive event welcomed stunning visuals, music, performance, and a collection of the brands history and features. The launch is a representation of the brand’s new page in history; a new genetic code: Challenge, Own, Dare, and Evolve. Jasmine Audemars, the Chairwoman of the Board of Directors explained it best, “At Audemars Piguet, we constantly challenge ourselves to push the limits of craftsmanship. Endowed with a strong spirit of independence, we proudly own our roots and territory, daring to combine precision and creativity. Faithful to our legacy, we continue to evolve by preserving and rewriting traditions. 11.59 is ahead of the game, constantly on the brink of tomorrow.” By revolutionizing the classic with the contemporary, Audemars’ collection brings forth history and expertise while composing thirteen edgy references. CODE embodies the complications and caliber of the latest generation. In attendance were some iconic and notable faces who have also revolutionized their fields: Trevor Noah, Luke Sabbat, and Johannea Huebl. Photos courtesy of Getty Images for Audemars Piguet Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017        John Lydon by Dennis Morris EYEVAN, luxury Japanese eyewwear set to launch its residency at 180 the Store with a capsule eyewear collection in collaboration with Dennis Morris. To celebrate, the brand will be exhibiting photographs by Morris which  including Bob Marley, King Tubby, Keith Hudson, Lee “Scratch” Perry, The Slits, Sly & Robbie, John Lydon of Sex Pistols, Public Image Ltd, Althea & Donna and XTC.  Althea and Donna by Dennis Morris The new collection features two new, limited-edition styles: The SPUTNIK  and The UPTOWN, both embodying the art work of Denis Morris and a vintage inspiration. EYEVAN classic born anew concept shows again that, eyewear for fashion takes precision and a lens, as does photography.  Photos by Dennis Morris and EYEVAN Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Lo-Res Car Virtual Reality Shopping United Nude VR/AR Pop Up As if the aces of architectural footwear, United Nude, isn't revolutionary enough, their new Augmented Reality pop-up shop will give shoe lovers and coders alike a look into the future of shopping. Thanks to VR virtuosos Float Land and AR platform Magic Leap, this fashion-forward futuristic fantasy becomes reality at the Westfield Century City Mall in LA.   With shoes from the unbelievable United Nude SS19 collection up for grabs, as well as an exhibition of new designs from killer collaborators such as Iris Van Herpen and Lady Gaga, this pop up is not something you can miss. That’s not to mention the literal Lo Res full scale car casually on display after its cameo in Rich The Kid’s “New Freezer” video and after winning a Wallpaper Design Award. Yeah, no big deal. Creative Director/Founder of United Nude, Rem D. Koolhaas, explained the vision for customer experience in stating, “For eight weeks we hope you come join us in the trial and error of exploring the potential and pushing the boundaries in new ways to connect, share and learn how to bridge the real and the digital”. Whether your soul is in soles or your heart is in HD technology, United Nude has created an experimental empyrean for everyone.  Take a look here at just a few of the shoes on display:  Lady Gaga RockShoe NovaShoe BoltShow ThornShoe United Nude Augmented Reality Pop Up is open until May 3rd at the Westfield Century City Mall Photos courtesy of United Nude Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   “One thing you’ll learn about me if you spend more than an hour with me is that I change my outfit constantly,” says Colson Baker, who you may know by Machine Gun Kelly, as he takes off his black ASOS jacket to prepare for a shoot-out on his arcade-style mini basketball game. Stripping off the jacket by its velvety red lapels, Baker reveals the full extent of his tattoo-riddled, wiry 6’4” frame. A big anarchy tat in the middle of his stomach is seemingly stamped on the red bricks engulfing his abs. He conducts much of the interview shirtless. I’m at Baker’s Los Angeles house to talk about his role as drummer Tommy Lee in the upcoming Mötley Crüe biopic The Dirt, releasing on Netflix March 22nd, but he doesn’t want to get into that just yet. At this point, the 28-year-old is busy firing a steady stream of half-inflated mini basketballs my way. I look down for a second and a behind-the-back pass whizzes to my left and just misses a framed picture. “You could have shattered your whole glass,” laughs an associate playing pool right next to us. That’s the cue to move to our next location. Baker didn’t sleep last night, which manifests in a twitchy energy, eyes darting to look for the next move whenever we’re stationary for too long. His house is populated by friends and associates, scattered throughout the premises. We walk past the guys shooting pool, a group of five chilling on a giant L couch in the living room and chatting about plans for Vegas this coming weekend, and another cluster surrounding a granite kitchen island, keeping an eye on the Bucks-Raptors basketball game. There are guitars and rock memorabilia covering most of the walls in his house and a small, blonde wood piano in the corner of the dining room where the game is playing.  DIOR MEN jacket, tank top, and pants, BRUNO MAGLI shoes, CHROME HEARTS bracelet and ring worn throughout, and talent’s own earrings worn throughout The first piece of art Baker ever bought, he tells me, was the big photo of Marilyn Manson that’s hanging in his bathroom. Manson is full-nude and covering his junk. He’s backstage, on set for John Stewart’s The Daily Show. Baker explains that some girl finessed her way backstage with a camera, telling them she was with “the show,” and Manson stuck his tongue out, covered up, and posed. Baker, enamored with the hustle, had to cop it after hearing the story.  We sit down at the dining room table and I ask about Utah, where Baker recently went for the Sundance premiere of his new movie with actor and SNL-staple Pete Davidson. Baker responds that he’s tired and that he needs a drink before we get to it, and he takes a sip of some Don Julio from a mason jar. “It’s been a long-ass day,” he says, now clanking some weed from a grinder out onto the table, which he proceeds to roll into a filterless joint. “Do we have to do the interview?” he jokes. We head out to the porch for a little more privacy. He apologizes a few times for being in a “mood,” repeating that he’s exhausted.  “I love this shit though. Pain weather. That’s when the good shit comes,” he says, looking longingly at the sky and kicking his vans up on the porch table while taking a drag. It’s the first of a few instances in which he refers to pain with a glint of admiration in his eyes. It’s a rare gloomy day in LA. Just like Cleveland, I mention. After a childhood spent largely on the move, Baker settled on the east side of Cleveland when he was 14, where he first established himself as the rapper Machine Gun Kelly. It was his rapid-fire delivery that earned him the nickname, given to him when he was working for free (he offered, already on the hustle) at the Sly Airbrush over at Tower City, where he would rap for anybody who came through the doors. For someone who got his name by rapping like a machine gun, he speaks very slowly and intentionally, often taking long pauses to collect his thoughts. DIOR MEN jacket, tank top, and pants, BRUNO MAGLI shoes, CHROME HEARTS bracelet and ring worn throughout, and talent’s own earrings worn throughout “Airbrushing was a huge part of that Southern rap culture back then,” he says. And there was a “big Southern influence on Cleveland. Gucci Mane was like a god to people. All the Houston rappers—Paul Wall, Mike Jones—would come through the Sly Airbrush and get their shirts and stuff.” Baker was 16, rapping for all those dudes, and wonders if they would remember him from back then. His rap career took off shortly after, as his first album, Lace Up, would debut at number two on Billboard’s R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart in 2012.  But it wasn’t just those rappers who had a big influence on Baker growing up. He was obsessed with the early ’80 and hairmetal, a subgenre of heavy metal with more pop-inflected hooks and bombastic guitar riffs. He idolized members of Mötley Crüe and Poison, Skid Row and KISS. He called the collaborative autobiography of Mötley Crüe, titled The Dirt: Confessions of the World’s Most Notorious Rock Band, his bible, which was ironic given how he used to roll his eyes when his missionary father would recite bible verses at him when he “fucked up.” This was his fuck-up bible.  Reflecting on how these bands influenced his music, he states that “a lot of people don’t realize we were really taking that step, to go out there and tell people that it was okay to blend all these types of music and to bring that lifestyle and punk fashion into this world. Even with the live performance... unless you were a stadium rapper like Jay-Z, people didn’t have bands. It wasn’t a thing for rappers to have bands, and I’ll never forget the reaction when we came on the scene and we were doing that.” He pauses to re-light the joint and pensively looks up at the grey sky.  LOUIS VUITTON suit. “I’m talking about loading all our instruments into a van, transporting that shit, six hours to Indiana for whatever show at whatever shitty little 150-cap venue to perform with acts like Big Sean and all that. People were lookin’ at us like, ‘Who the fuck are these dudes loading all this equipment?’”  When Baker, who first began auditioning for acting roles in 2012, heard that The Dirt was being adapted into a biopic movie, he knew he had to focus all his energy on getting a role as one of his idols. He’s coming off two successful movies—Birdbox, the post-apocalyptic sci-fi blockbuster with Sandra Bullock, which shattered Netflix’s streaming record for a movie in its first week with over 45 million streams, and Big Time Adolescence, the aforementioned project with Pete Davidson, a comedy that follows a young kid growing up under the questionable influence of his college dropout friend (Davidson), which just premiered to strong reviews at Sundance.  When asked if he was interested in film or acting as a kid, Baker cites the Jackass series as a huge inspiration. Fitting, since the single that first put a real national spotlight on Machine Gun Kelly in 2011, called “Wild Boy,” references a popular figure from Jackass on the hook: “Yeah bitch, yeah bitch, call me Steve-O / I’m a Wild Boy, I’ma I’ma Wild Boy.” Jackass struck a chord with him because it was “people that looked and dressed like me, listened to the same music as me, doing things that, even though they were bad, were things I could do. And the way it was filmed, it seemed like something I could film.”  So he bought a big camera that he had to load film into and would shoot everything he and his boys were doing: skating, rapping, egging cars, jumping off the roof of the school into bushes, and pushing people off precarious perches in grocery carts. You know, fun degenerate shit. GUESS JEANS U.S.A. x PLACES+FACES raincoat. Jeff Tremaine, who also helmed the filming of the entire Jackass series, was directing The Dirt. Baker initially tried out twice for the role of lead guitarist Nikki Sixx, but was told his vibe was closer to that of Tommy Lee’s, the brighteyed drummer who once threw a television out of a Sheraton window and got the group banned from a city in Canada. He came back to interview four more times for Tommy Lee and got the part after getting into a car accident on the way to his final interview. “I was just so focused on getting this role, I was like fuck it, I don’t even care,” he laughs. He was uninjured.  By this point in our interview, Baker has abruptly switched locations, bored of the porch. He shows me his home studio, boasting about the interior design. “I picked these rocks myself,” he says before we head back inside, pointing to the black granite lining the purple-lit studio. There’s now a barber on-site, giving a fade to one of Baker’s neon-shoed associates over the long dining room table where Baker rolled his joint. He debates getting a shape-up before the photoshoot for this article, happening the next day.  Baker leads the way up a spiraling staircase and I comment on his impressive guitar wall, stocked with around a dozen gorgeous models. Asked if he has a favorite, he leads me into his room to pick up a black Gallagher sitting on a massive loveseat. “I grew up seeing an old Gallagher, always seeing people playing old hollow bodies,” he says. I quickly learn that Baker is the type of guy who has harbored particular dreams and who is particularly driven to achieve them. He takes a special pleasure in checking them off, one by one.  TODD SNYDER coat, FENDI shirt, SALVATORE FERRAGAMO pants, BRUNO MAGLI shoes, and OLIVER PEOPLES sunglasses The first thing you notice when you walk in to his room is the giant silver Buddha figurine in the foyer. “Got this piece in Wisconsin. I was on tour and saw it and got it shipped out,” he proudly explains. Though he doesn’t believe in any religion, he says he’s spiritual and likes what Buddhism represents, and I can sense its influence in his calm, almost meditative openness. He’s very inviting, talking to me like we’ve known each other for years, but it’s possible that it’s his exhaustion that’s keeping his guard down. He digs into his closet and pops out with a silky eggshell white, long-sleeve fishnet shirt without saying a word. He did warn me. His tattoos are still visible through the shirt. He’s plucking away at the Gallagher, more focused on the riffs he’s concocting than my questions, though he’s still listening and giving thoughtful responses. Still noodling away on his guitar, he recalls the friendships the cast of The Dirt formed while filming. “As soon as we touched down and all had drinks together, that first hour that we got to New Orleans for filming, the next five months were a blur in the best way,” he says, perking up out of a slight malaise and laughing. “The office was a bar down the block called The Saint. That was literally the office.”  SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO jacket and DIOR MEN shirt, pants, and belt. Working with Tremaine on the movie was another dream actualized for Baker, having grown up almost studying his work on Jackass. “The bond that he created between all of us off-screen, including with the production crew, is what made everything on-screen so authentic, as if there were no cameras there. It’s hard to make running around in a studded leather g-string and knee high white tube socks feel cool, unless Jeff Tremaine makes the environment so fun and free that you can do anything and it feels like Mötley Crüe, like we were right there.”  He grabs a hardcover book off a shelf above his bed and flips through images of cut scenes and outtakes from filming, among shots of the crew at The Saint. He didn’t know the book was being made, it just showed up in his mailbox one day. Tremaine signed the inside cover with a pentagram, which Baker shows me with a cackling laugh. He takes particular delight in remembering how the whole crew would mess with the director of photography, named Toby (“cool ass Australian dude”), by insisting it was his birthday everyday for five months. He points at a picture of Toby in a little party hat and laughs—“See, it was always his birthday.” But as Baker knows all too well, there’s a dark underside lurking beneath all the glamour of living a carefree rockstar lifestyle. Nikki Sixx almost fatally overdosed, as portrayed in the film, and Baker has spoken openly about his own struggles with addiction. He turns to lamenting some of the people he’s lost in the past few years. “Losing so many key people in music and my life this past two years, I’m just okay with being here,” he says, drawing out the word. “I used to be in such a rush, I wanted everything so quick.” He re-lights his joint and continues. “Now I’m at this point where I just enjoy being able to make music, to pick up a guitar and jam. I’m just stoked to be here, because there’s so many people that should be here that aren’t.”  JW ANDERSON shirt and SIES MARJAN pants. Now we’ve migrated to a room across the hall from Baker’s own, where a muted drum set stands next to the bed. The rest of the room is empty. He speaks while banging the padded set and twirling his drumsticks, looking like Tommy Lee without the long hair. One of Baker’s favorite things to do while on the road, he tells me, is to visit juvenile detention and addiction centers to give the kids a pep-talk, tell them not to give up. He was one of those kids once too, so showing face in these places means a lot to him. It’s one thing to give money, he says, “but to actually see the difference [I can make] is really cool.” Baker has come a long way from those days, and right now he shows no sign of slowing down. In addition to The Dirt and Big Time Adolescence, Baker will be releasing or working on at least two other movies in 2019. He’s still running his own music festival (five years strong), was the face of the John Varvatos 2017/18 campaign, and is launching his own coffee lounge, because—as he puts it—everyone needs a high one way or another. He’s thinking about performing in Vegas tomorrow, but he says his mind is really on his next album. He’s hunkering down to make what he believes will be “the one.” Before we part ways, I ask if Baker has any plans for the Super Bowl, which is a few days out. He flashes a loose grin. “This album is my Super Bowl.”   Photographed by Max Montgomery  Flaunt Film Directed and Edited by Matilda Montgomery Stylist: Jenny Ricker  Groomer: Kristin Heitkotter at Tomlinson Management Group Location The Record Parlour, Los Angeles Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   A Company is the conceptual fashion brand founded in 2018 by Sara Lopez. Raised in the hill country of South Texas, Sara became fascinated by the natural world and its manipulation through humankind. After graduating from the University of Minnesota and studying couture in Paris, she worked under the designer Rachel Antonoff before embarking on A Company.  The design approach of A Company deconstructs traditional wardrobe staples and reorients them into a well-structured yet surrealist garment. Focusing on one staple, Sara builds a collection article by article. The trench coat inspired her first collection, and her second, most recent collection paid homage to the suit. With a focus on sustainability, A Company rejects mass production; encouraging wearers to be conscious of clothing life and longevity. We spoke with the up-and-coming designer to discuss A Company, her mission, and her knowledge in conceptual and functional designs.   Tell us about the inception and mission behind A Company. The name came about in a sort of accidental purposeful way. I was working on the business model, large concept ideas, initial branding and the like, and still hadn’t come up with a name, so I created a folder on my desktop called ‘A COMPANY’, as a placeholder. As time passed, the notion of a generic brand name, with an article signifying its specificity, became curious to me. What is ‘A Company’? What would ‘A Company’ of one look like? There are multitudes of hands who are critical to this brand, and I wanted to give voice to all, minimizing the singular and focusing on the collective. And then of course, there’s its reference to tradition, which I pull a lot of inspiration from: the uniform of the business world and classic tailoring and silhouettes. Also, its nod to the military, whose functional uniforms and innovations have undoubtedly impacted and informed our everyday wardrobes. I also love the missing ‘c’ that can be heard in how someone might pronounce A Company. Because isn’t that a critical role clothing occupies? It accompanies us through all moments in life acting as a physical veil between the internal and external worlds.  After working with Rachel Antonoff for 5 years, spending a year freelancing and consulting, and taking some time to lay in the grass at my parents’ small ranch in Texas, I began A Company as a container to move around the ideas that have been consuming my mind for years. A space where clothing could be critiqued as any other object, investigated, dismantled, and live in constant dialogue between the maker, wearer, and everyday. The collections do not adhere to specific seasons, but instead take one item from the common western wardrobe as a starting point, essentially building a new wardrobe collection by collection, article by article. We focus on longevity and reject the idea of over mass production; therefore, each style will ever only be produced in limited quantities of 144 pieces. Encouraging wearers to hold, mend, and cherish the clothes for years. We hope the clothes will act as the initiation to think differently about clothing and the body within them. After graduating with a BS in Clothing Design from the University of Minnesota, you studied couture in Paris from dressmakers and designers. What did you gain most from that experience? There are few moments in my life which have altered me as much as that one. It could seem trite, this story of going from the midwest to Paris, but I suppose sometimes those narratives exist for a reason. I had an unparalleled design professor and mentor who challenged me in the most necessary ways and encouraged all of my strange musings. There was a freedom I found there which initiated the foundation of much thinking I still hold.  And my couture sewing and draping teachers, who were retired from working for houses such as Mme. Grès, Yves Saint Laurent, and Nina Ricci, were paramount to my knowledge of the craft and these methods which are sadly dying quite rapidly.  How has your expertise in design helped to understand the connection between the body and space? The barrier of clothing has always interested me: these spaces between body and cloth, cloth and environment. I especially enjoy paying attention to the negative spaces. How do our limbs interact with one another… the space between our fingers, or our upper arm to the ribs, how flesh folds on flesh, and how do these parts interact with the objects around us? How does clothing communicate with these interactions? How do clothes inhibit or encourage movement? And how does that inform our experience in the world?  My knowledge of fit and function, of course, assists me in design, but honestly, it’s these improv somatic movement classes I go to as frequently as I can that have been most beneficial. They reorient my mind and open a new way of seeing how we can move within and occupy space. I recommend them to everyone I meet!  What’s the importance of ‘Variants of Relation’ from The Fashion System to you? Roland Barthes’ The Fashion System, was one of the books I read while designing this collection. He’s mostly dissecting fashion language and destabilizing words and ideas he’s gathered from fashion magazines. Ultimately seeing clothing as a metaphor, he investigates what makes one sign more important or valuable than another. He takes almost a scientific approach. Words and garments become specimens. There are these wonderful tables and graphs included throughout.  It resonated in the way I approach design— dismantling and critically reorienting traditional shapes.  The chapter ‘Variants of Relation’ speaks to the relationship between garments within ensembles, details within a specific garment, symmetry versus asymmetry in regards to clothes and the body, and overall, gave some context and direction to how I was thinking about the collection. Tell us about your suiting inspiration for season two of A Company.  I find it interesting that the modern suit has largely remained unchanged for over 120 years. Given that fashion styles are always influx, it’s the ones that stay around that make me curious. And though the suit is seen as a traditionally male uniform, women have been wearing it for years, beginning with the first recorded woman Sarah Bernhardt in the 1870s. For season two, I chose to focus on how women adopted this outfit as a kind of protection in the ’80s, to navigate a largely male business world, showing a rejection of the traditional feminine and reinforcing an idea that mimicking the conventional man meant strength and success.  Simply as an object, the suit has very powerful lines: creating this upside down triangle, elongating the body and putting emphasis on the shoulders. There is no doubt the garment speaks loudly, regardless of its cultural narrative.  The suit has played a huge role in bridging a gap between business and gender worlds. It allowed women to function within a space not previously open to them, representing new freedom. Whereas for men, the suit is still a requirement in both business and social spheres, representing a more restrictive symbol. It’s that duality I sought to explore.  I made many pieces in the collection that blur the lines between gender-ness of the garments (i.e., how they button and zip, the inclusion of interior welt pockets on the jackets, etc). Ideally hoping to erase these boundaries, I aimed to create pieces that highlight woman-ness and male-ness, hoping men will adopt from women’s wardrobes and women from men’s, because we’re all a bit of both and ultimately neither. How do you approach both conceptual and functional designs in your work? It’s a constant tension I have fun playing with. I most enjoy the potential clothing carries to alter the way we exist in the world. And, as a wearer, I know I won’t wear something that feels uncomfortable. Honestly, my wardrobe consists mostly of jeans and t-shirts. So, during the development process aside from fitting on the dress form and model, I make sure to try on every drape, deconstruction, fitting muslin and sample. I like to know how something feels and make adjustments accordingly. I aim to make intellectual design still quite pedestrian and not too precious. Though I do find much intrigue in inanimate clothing, activated clothes excite me the most. In what ways do you hope your wearers to be introspective? I’ll defer to Joseph Beuys’ on this, “I don’t give a damn. You can nail the suit on the wall. You can also hang it on a hanger, ad libitum! But you can also wear it or throw it into a chest.” What’s your favorite piece from season two, and why? Oh, that’s a difficult question! Perhaps the one that brings me the most humor and still inquiry is the ‘All Fitting Bra Top.’ I love hearing how other people interpret it. Some say it reminds them of wearing their mother’s bra when they were young or seeing their grandmother’s bra for the first time, some reference Madonna… it’s been interesting to hear how many personal stories and nostalgia it evokes. I enjoy the collapse of form… this notable absence.. and thinking about what that means. I’m curious about all the ways our bodies evolve throughout our lives, breasts naturally changing shape or being removed electively or not. I was also thinking about what it could look like for a male body to borrow this ultra-feminine garment since traditionally women have primarily borrowed from the male wardrobe but not the reverse. And if I hoped to make the suit a neutral garment… could that be possible with the bra? I also just found it hilarious. To see more by A Company click here. To shop A Company click here. Photography by: Danielle Alprin Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The American artist, Sterling Ruby just announced his latest project S.R. STUDIO. LA. CA. Set to launch in June, the collection will be comprised of both women’s and men’s ready to wear as well as a selection of accessories inspired by his artworks of sculptures, quilts, backdrops and garments. This marks the first time Ruby has gone on his own in creating garments. Previously he has worked with longtime collaborator and friend Raf Simons on an acclaimed and highly collectable collection for the designers namesake brand as well as textiles for Dior Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2012, during Simons’ tenure at the house. More recently his work was used for the advertisements and show design for Calvin Klein 205W39NYC.   About his approach to fashion Sterling has said, “I’ve always been interested in the behavioral power that comes with clothing. For years I have been privately exploring garments as a medium, as something that impacts the way one can think, feel, and move. I couldn’t be more excited to finally put my clothing out into the world.”  For more information visit www.srstudio.com. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Sapphire and Diamond bracelet, Aletto Brother  Gold, Diamond and Cultured Pearl Earclips, Chanel  Emerald and Diamond Ring, Bulgari + 4.34 cts. + AGL + 2 GIA + Signed Box  Gold 'Aegean' Necklace and Bracelet, Elsa Peretti for Tiffany & Co.  Enamel and Diamond Demi-Parure, Paulding Farnham for Tiffany & Co.  Turquoise, Sapphire and Diamond Ring, Van Cleef & Arpels  Fancy Intense Blue Diamond and Diamond Ring + 3.42 cts. + 3 GIAs + Type IIb  Gold, Shell, Tsavorite Garnet and Diamond Clip-Brooch  Diamond, Coral, Emerald and Seed Pearl Brooch, Cartier, circa 1925  Pair of Gold and Diamond Earclips, Van Cleef & Arpels  Emerald and Diamond Ring, Harry Winston + 15.20 cts.  Gold and Ancient Coin Bracelet, Bulgari  Pair of Emerald and Diamond Pendant-Earclips, Harry Winston  Gold, Jasper, Lapis Lazuli, Mother-of-Pearl and Malachite Bracelet, Bulgari  Diamond 'Serpenti' Necklace, Bulgari  Tri-Colored Gold and Diamond 'Mamma Pesce' Earclips, Bulgari  Round Diamond Ring + 30.40 cts  Gold and Diamond 'Cheveux-D'Ange' Necklace, Van Cleef & Arpels Ahead of their April 17th sale, Frank Everett, Senior Director of Sotheby’s Luxury Division, and Quig Bruning, Sotheby’s Los Angeles jewelry specialist, will be on hand for a discussion about how historic jewel collections continue to influence the modern fashion world. The talk will be in Sotheby’s Los Angeles with preview exhibition hours: March 19-20, 2019 from 10am – 5 pm and by appointment. Carol Elkins, Sotheby's senior jewelry specialist, and Marion Fasel, the founder and Editorial Director of online jewelry magazine The Adventurine, will also participate in the panel. You can peep old school jewels from the 19th century and more recently uncovered fare, at the Sotheby's Spring Jewelry Highlights show.   In 2018 Sotheby’s banged out an impressive $414 million in total jewelry sales, according to National Jeweler. But the auction house will be hoping the jewelry on display at the exhibition will help them best that number this time 'round, since those sales were down from the $551.3 million they brought in the previous year. If you hit up their spring jewelry round-up to examine the vintage jewels on display by brands like Cartier and Van Cleef & Arpels, you may wonder if any of the prized items will rival the buzz of the 2017 sale of “The CTF Pink,” which was taken home by private Hong Kong conglomerate Chow Tai Fook for a cool $71.2 million. And you might even get to try some of the stones on for size. We caught a word with Frank Everett for a quick preview on what glimmering stones were in store for us. Do you feel that the current fashion landscape is creating a culture which references the historic jewelry's craftsmanship and designs in a literal sense or more in the conceptual way. Certain design motifs are evergreen: serpents, tassels and flowers all come to mind and are referenced over and over again in new ways, with a nod to the past. I think blackened metal is a major element of antique jewelry (silver-topped gold that has tarnished) that has been appropriated by edgier, contemporary designers who are using new techniques to achieve that look (rhodium plating, black gold and titanium to name a few).  How do you see today's luxury fine jewelry market making a mark on tomorrows historical jewelry? What design aesthetic do you see leaving a mark? If I’m choosing one design innovation from today’s jewels that will last? I think gradient (or hombre) colored pavé is very important. Using the full spectrum of colored stones in a “painterly” way has offered limitless possibilities for the jeweler’s art.  What are the top pieces from the selection that you feel will pull in the most attention? Enamel and Diamond Demi-Parure, Paulding Farnham for Tiffany & Co. ﻿Without question, the Paulding Farnham ( made in 1904 for TIffany & Co.) diamond and enamel necklace is so special, so rare and in such impeccable condition, it will have the most jaded collectors buzzing. It’s truly a one-of-a-kind masterpiece, the likes of which very few people have seen.  What is your opinion on the contemporary place for fine jewelry? I’m consistently amazed with contemporary design innovations and re-interpretation. You’d think, after thousands of years it has all been done. A ring is round, earrings hang from lobes, bracelets encircle wrists. But jewelers continue to find fresh, new ways to create objects of beauty to adorn the body.  Los Angeles preview exhibition hours: March 19-20, 2019 from 10am – 5 pm and by appointment Jewels from both the Magnificent Jewels and Fine Jewels auctions will also be on view in NY from April 12-16 from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Photos courtesy of Sotheby's Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Louis Vuitton Taigarama  Louis Vuitton Taigarama  Louis Vuitton Taigarama  Louis Vuitton Taigarama  Louis Vuitton Taigarama  Louis Vuitton Taigarama  Louis Vuitton Taigarama Louis Vuitton further extends the neon trend with the latest leather goods collection, Taïgarama, launching at the end of the month. The structured Taïga leather is canvased in the signature Monogram in an array of vibrant hues including blues, whites, greens, and yellows.  The sophisticated collection comes in an array of shapes and styles including the Keepall, Discovery Backpack, Outdoor Bumbag, Messenger Bag, Horizon 50 Rolling Luggage, and Multiple Wallet. Each piece offers an electrifying energy, creating an exotic statement paired with any summer outfit. The collection is sure to radiate during the season of sunshine and bring class to any adventure. The Taigarama line will be available on March 22, 2019 in Louis Vuitton stores and online. Photos by Chris Rhodes Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    MILFDAD "Conversions" Photographed by: Yuta Kawanishi  MILFDAD "Conversions" Photographed by: Yuta Kawanishi  MILFDAD "Conversions" Photographed by: Yuta Kawanishi  MILFDAD "Conversions" Photographed by: Yuta Kawanishi  MILFDAD "Conversions" Photographed by: Yuta Kawanishi  MILFDAD "Conversions" Photographed by: Yuta Kawanishi  MILFDAD "Conversions" Photographed by: Yuta Kawanishi  MILFDAD "Conversions" Photographed by: Yuta Kawanishi  MILFDAD "Conversions" Photographed by: Yuta Kawanishi  MILFDAD "Conversions" Photographed by: Yuta Kawanishi  MILFDAD "Conversions" Photographed by: Yuta Kawanishi  MILFDAD "Conversions" Photographed by: Yuta Kawanishi  MILFDAD "Conversions" Photographed by: Yuta Kawanishi  MILFDAD "Conversions" Photographed by: Yuta Kawanishi  MILFDAD "Conversions" Photographed by: Yuta Kawanishi  MILFDAD "Conversions" Photographed by: Yuta Kawanishi  MILFDAD "Conversions" Photographed by: Yuta Kawanishi I was connected with the brand MILFDAD in the way most people connect these days, via my DMs. When I scrolled through their feed, I saw a refreshing take on streetwear that felt so future yet wearable now. A textural play with the digital and analog, as brown woolen houndstooth trousers were matched with neon track tops designed with incoherent all over prints. It was seductive and subversive, a satirical take on a world which had intellectualized street wear to the point where items were at times literally incased and displayed like art. The work the brand has done helps to bring the clothing back to it’s roots while presenting a take of conceptualism that was grounded in the critique of consumerism culture.  Started by Ben Fine, a former financial analyst and Justin Butler, a creative with a background in English and film, the brand was conceived to cater to a middle ground of the creative and commercial while aestheticizing the visual language that came from Ben’s financial work of graphs, spreadsheets and charts. Notably their neon color palette tracksuits and accessories has garnered a following including Lil Xan to Billie Eilish and even Bella Thorne. For their latest collection titled “Conversions” the duo brought Flaunt an exclusive look with a shoot in NYC’s Chinatown, we also caught up with Ben to get better acquainted with what exactly is a MILFDAD. Whats your background, how did you get into clothing and design and where did the name come from? BF: I’m from New Jersey, spent one year working as an investment banking analyst for Wells Fargo Securities before quitting with the intention to do something more creative. I started spending more time with my MILFDAD co-founder and hometown friend Justin during that period, and he got me into re-selling streetwear online. I had an eye for which pieces people wanted, so that was my intro into focusing on clothing. The name MILFDAD was conceived during an acid experience where Justin and I were spitballing cool usernames for an app. It has a ring to it and it just works, which is the most important thing for a fashion brand. The logo is a bold italic sans serif web font (from iPhone notes app), with the dots underneath representing an incorrectly spelled word for a spell check. That iconography is designed to draw your attention, and since you’re used to seeing it on a screen and not printed on clothes, the eye-grabbing effect is doubled.  The collection I’m releasing now features a lot of stock market motifs, which is a reference to my own past working in finance. It’s a timeless and clean aesthetic, very recognizable, but almost never featured on clothing. That’s where I learned design, putting together these sterile presentations filled with financial information for big corporations - chart design, color palettes, and the overall aesthetic of the material was considered much more important than the actual information. The finance background is a unique one for a fashion designer - it sets me apart, so I’ve combined it with the streetwear format to create something unique.  What does New York spring mean to you in regards to the fashions you wear colors you choose? BF: The mild weather during spring lets people wear what they want in New York instead of dressing for function, so it is the best time for fashion. In winter, everyone needs to wear heavy coats, and the summer is usually a dead period for fashion with people mainly wearing shorts and tee shirts.  This series of photos depict a very chill post Chinese New Year day, is there a brand identity you'd like to grasp in the downtown scene? BF: This is where our office is, so it naturally is part of our identity. I like to keep things natural - for this photoshoot, the Chinese New Year thing was a coincidence, but the energy outside was amazing, and all the confetti on the ground created a great image. Your brand seems to be able to be worn by everyone from skater punks to eastern block dad to art girl of the moment, how do you go about creating a line that is accessible to everyone? BF: I think a brand is a natural extension of the creator’s mentality, and in this case, the reason the brand is so accessible to different types of people is that I’ve always disliked the exclusivity associated with fashion. I’m not a superficial person, I believe listening to people is the most important thing in life & the number one trait of happy successful people - that  Also, as a creative person doing this project with no outside backing, I’ve been open to working with anyone who’s been down to get involved and help out. Since we can’t afford to really pay employees yet, I usually make sure to at least give everyone I work with some pieces, so you’ll see all types of people wearing them around. In addition, I like working with non-traditional models, especially the elderly, which creates a cool and inclusive feeling for the brand as well. Our first hot product was our tracksuits - there’s something unifying about tracksuits in general - whether it’s black, Italian, Russian, Spanish, etc. there’s a multitude of ethnic groups and age groups associated with tracksuits, and all of the people who wear them have something in common. There’s a shared mentality among people who wear tracksuits, a sort of comfortable-in-your-own-skin feeling which I really vibe with. For us, we were very fortunate that our first tracksuit that we released (the baby blue colorway) gained a lot of traction after being worn by Famous Dex, Ski Mask the Slump God, fatboy SSE, Ronny J, Bella Thorne, and a bunch of other pop culture figures. For whatever reason, this brand has gotten the most support from the hip-hop world - I think because artists see my personal hustle and understand what I’m doing. And also because my clothes fit within the image they’re trying to portray, and especially the mentality of not giving a fuck, putting it all on the line and dedicating your life to the process. It’s led to some crazy experiences which I never expected to be a part of, like being in a SixNine music video or spending New Year’s Eve at Diddy’s house in Miami. Everyone I’ve met in the year or so since starting MILFDAD has been amazing, so shout out to the YRP family, Pop Out Boyz, Sturdy Gang, Treyway, Fatboy Gang and everyone else in the industry who has helped us get our name out.  Against your contemporaries, your label stands with a great satirical take on street wear is that what you are cornering or what is your approach to design and textiles? BF: I came into the fashion industry as a reseller, I was raised in a household with zero focus on fashion - my parents are very minimalist and all through my childhood and teen years I didn’t really have any of the popular name brands. The brand that I created is definitely a response to the phenomenon of the hypebeast, people who try to build their whole persona through consumption of brands. It’s mainly teenage children leading this culture - to me there’s something ironic about the idea of a father who works a traditional office job coming home to see that his son is spending all of this money on clothing descended from a hip-hop culture that the father doesn’t understand. In a sense, Milfdad is an amped up version of this dynamic. The stock market motifs in the collection are a critique on the inextricable link between wealth and fashion. Clearly, fashion has potential to be a great art form, but the consumption of fashion in the mainstream is mainly as a status symbol. So a lot of the leading brands, although they may have a great legacy, their brand meaning has been reduced down to nothing more than conveying the idea that the wearer is wealthy or has status. I think clothing can express so much more than that. Also, relative to our contemporaries, I want to deliver consumers a better value for their money, so we focus on sourcing the best fabrics, and compose our collections fully of cut-and-sewn garments. A lot of streetwear brands simply print on cheap blank clothes and promote themselves with influencer campaigns. To me, that’s sad and lazy, but the good news is that it’s easy to do a better job than those brands. They seem to be motivated only by money, but I’m not - that’s what gives this brand the potential to turn into something special - if I was interested in money I would have stayed in my well paying comfortable job, rather than risking all my money to start a business where I’d be statistically likely to fail. What about expansion and the production end, you are going to eventually have to grow with success. Is there something about the creativity and conformity? Fashion as art is held back by the constraint of mass production, so designers  are attempting to appeal to what they believe consumers want, rather than just creating art. Steve Jobs said that the consumer doesn’t know what they want and they need to be told, and I believe that. And people will always be drawn to the energy of something authentic. So I wanted to create a brand that quote unquote “doesn’t make sense,” or “shouldn’t exist” to really show people that magic or unlikely things happen all the time, and they should try.  The name Milfdad has led to a bunch of confusion and some resistance from fashion vets. They’re sort of accustomed to the current climate and maybe fearful of what’s coming next, which makes sense.  The culture of memes on the internet has gotten to a very advanced stage, so the generational gap is very intense at this point in time, even the gap between people who are in their late 20s vs. people in their late 30s is enormous. We’re doing something different, which will always lead to criticism from people who are stagnant. It’s sort of similar to a Dennis Rodman - the way he was dressing was super unconventional for the time and he faced a lot of criticism from his peers and in the media. He was mocked for his style, but is now considered a style icon - current designers are still pulling inspiration from his outfits from 25 years ago. I hope that we’re doing the same thing - I wouldn’t start a brand just to play it safe - I want to influence the next generation of artists in this streetwear fashion game to similarly be true to their vision and not compromise to market forces. Do you see the brand growing and building different aspects of lifestyle products? You seem meant to be doing more on the accessories side are you going to push for more for those products? BF: I’m really excited to show the world our next collection, which we are sampling now. Yes, we’re doing more accessories and taking the brand in a higher end direction, with more subtle branding and a focus on improving the quality of the clothing, fleshing out full collections with the aim of eventually putting together a runway presentation. I want to expand into footwear, bags, outerwear, denim, formal attire, etc. I’m working on a number of those things now. I’m also working on a short film and looking into a bunch of tangential industries,  like concert promotion and consumer products. I really want to do an interview series where I put a spotlight on people I think are relevant (not always because of what they’ve produced but because of mentality and their story). MILFDAD was designed to be a blank slate platform - not necessarily limited to clothing - the reason I chose to do fashion as opposed to some other creative project is because I think it has the greatest ability to move culture, in part because celebrities tend to amplify the messages you’re putting out. It also appeals to me that you can work in any creative medium or visual art form as a way of promoting fashion. I’m the type of person who has always wanted to try everything, which is partially why it took me longer to find my path in life. With this brand, I want to do as much as I can, to do all the things I’ve always wanted to do & to inspire people that they can do the same.  What do you think about the idea of unisex clothing? The name MILFDAD references both men and women, so is that a direction you would pursue? I’m encouraged by the growth of unisex clothing, I think it represents general progress in culture - the imbalance between men and women is shrinking, and it’s dope to see men move away from the mentality of extreme masculinity, which leads to a lot of foolishness. The idea of the mother and father is referenced in most great art - they are the source of your whole experience and a source of wisdom as well. With MILFDAD, you have the male and the female put together, which is the idea of a genderless “god," which is present within all of us. Everything in the world fits on some spectrum of masculine and feminine energy, when you put those two words together you have everything. But the idea of MILF makes it much more fun, in today’s internet context DAD is a youthful word that also implies wisdom - it’s fun and inclusive. There’s a lot of spirituality embedded inside the brand, just things that I personally think about, but I don’t make it overt. The slogan “The Only Path Forward” featured on some of our graphics from this collection references that, but it also reads like a generic corporate slogan so I put it over a graphic inspired by IBM. Once you’re a spiritual person you see meaning and beauty everywhere you look, I’m trying to spread that worldview as well. Even a slogan like “Better ingredients, Better pizza” is deeply meaningful if you think about it. It’s a mantra. You get out what you put in. That’s what MILFDAD is.  For more on MILFDAD Photographed by: Yuta Kawanishi Models: Yo Foo, Jacuzzi (Jabari Khalid Furry), Cannon Lord Styled By: Ben Fine Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017     SYREN skirt, VEX LATEX necklace, and vintage top from Last Follies closet FALGUNI AND SHANE PEACOCK dress and ELISABETTA FRANCHI shoes. BLUMARINE dress and AGENT PROVOCATEUR bra ELISABETTA FRANCHI dress, MICHAEL KORS shoes, and stylist’s own hat. ALMAZ jacket and top, CHARLES AND RON skirt, and MIU MIU sunglasses MAISON THE FAUX dress. CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes. BLUMARINE jacket and skirt. SANDRO dress. Photographed by: Tim Black. Models: Dallas Allegra, Jalisa Roberts and Kamryn Kelley. Creative Director: Kit Scarbo.   Styled by: Laura Duncan.   Hair: Stacy Schniederman.   Makeup: Erin Walters. Balloons /Sculpture: Badass Balloon Co.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Karen O and Danger Mouse  Photo by Eliot Lee Hazel  Karen O and Danger Mouse Photo by Eliot Lee Hazel After piquing the Internet’s interest in late 2018 with the sprawling, space-influenced, nine-minute-long track “Lux Prima,” and then following it up a few weeks later with the driving, empowered stomp of “Woman,” Karen O. and Danger Mouse’s collaborative album Lux Prima arrives on Friday, March 15th after months of build-up and hype. The project marks a return-to-form for two vastly different artists who’ve both built their reputations, and fan-bases in the indie and underground music scene.  Karen O. made a name for herself as the front-woman for the Yeah Yeah Yeahs, a New York City based indie-rock band who stumbled upon almost-instant success with their genre-weaving first single “Maps,” a track which immediately found its place among the indie rock cannon. With four studio albums under her belt with the band, O. then ventured into the solo world by teaming up with Spike Jonze for the Where the Wild Things Are soundtrack in 2009 and then again in 2013 for the film Her, with the latter earning her an Oscar nomination. She released her debut solo album Crush Songs in September 2014. Danger Mouse came to prominence with The Grey Album, a wildly ambitious mash-up album which combined Jay-Z’s vocals from The Black Album with instrumentation from The Beatles White Album. Despite having approval from both Jay-Z and the surviving members of The Beatles, record label EMI notoriously shelved it, which only added to the project’s mystique. The 6-time Grammy award winner then teamed up with Cee-Lo for the massive single “Crazy,” created the band Broken Bells with James Mercer from The Shins, formed Danger Doom with the influential, underground rapper M.F. Doom, and has also produced for an array of artists existing in all types of genres including Norah Jones, Adele, and A$AP Rocky. In accordance with the release of Lux Prima, the duo plan a special March 18th performance on “The Late Show With Stephen Colbert,” promised to be directed by Spike Jonze, and will unveil “An Encounter With Lux Prima” at the Los Angeles’ Marciano Art Foundation from April 18-21st. The installation, which sold-out immediately upon release, promises to be “an immersive, communal listening experience sound-tracked by the album, uniting their singular creative vision with groundbreaking audiovisual technologies.”  Lux Prima by Karen O. and Danger Mouse will be available digitally, and in C.D. format on March 15th, 2019.  Photos by Eliot Lee Hazel Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Not Just A Label has been providing the world with a platform showcasing leading contemporary designers since 2008. The NJAL platforms provides over 35,000 designers spanning over 150 countries with educational tools and exposure in the industry via NJAL’s media platforms and connections. The programs comes at a low price point for its participants and 100 percent of the sales goes to the emerging designers. NJAL’s newest endeavor is THE SHOP, an online database currently featuring 200 designers. THE SHOP provides an incredible online shopping experience for stylist, personal shoppers, editors and normal consumers , giving them a chance to discover new talented brands from across the world. It is a more “feel good” way to shop as consumers know that they are supporting creatives directly. NJAL’s THE SHOP and its participating designers focuses on sustainability, supporting local manufacturing and small batch production.   Since NJAL represents some of the top creatives in the world you could definitely depend on them for latest trends and in season fashion. Check out these up and coming brands to stay on top of your game this spring season. Photo courtesy of Camille Cote.  ﻿After Camille Cote accidentally designed a hat with an elastic band in 2014 THE ORIGINAL CROPPED HAT WITH INTEGRATED ELASTICS THAT FITS EVERYONE was born. Camille’s mission as a self taught designer is to redefine practical accessories into the daily life of all women.  Photo courtesy of Luna Amani.    For 2 decades, Luna Amani has been designing accessories inspired by her Persian heritage. Azadi, the name of Luna first collection, means freedom in Farsai. Azadi is all about exploring your own freedom in creativity, in travel and Luna believes that freedom is right to all women.  Photo courtesy of FAKBYFAK. FAKBYFAK, Russia’s first fashion eyewear brand, newest collection is inspired by the 1980s and Post-Modern artist. The two styles, Sharp and Grace comes in 6 different colors and the choice of a matte or glossy finish.   Photo courtesy of YUUN.  The Surfacing collection by jewelry brand YUUN is embracing the subtle qualities of the baroque pearl. The pieces are equally confident and playful while also celebrating imperfections and intimacy.   Photo courtesy of Gayeon Lee. Gayeon Lee is a sophisticated women's wear brand that focuses on bring on simplicity and confidence in women. Gayeon Lee herself is inspired by fine art and her background in textile design. Her collection are always conceptually driven, exploring new possibilities in womenswear. Photo courtesy of Monosuit. Monosuit is a NYC based brand known for its futuristic concepts and avant garde transformation options. “The new Monosuit collection continues to explore flight and flying. On the one hand, we refer to the direct meaning of the word “flying”, for example, skydiving, piloting, free fall. On the other hand, we investigate the psychological meaning of flight, like the feeling of flying that is mentioned in sacred texts of several religions. That's the reason why we chose to allude to the monk aesthetic. In other words, we are trying to visually marry monks and skydivers.” commented the founder of Monosuit. Photo courtesy of Andy Lif Jewelry. Andy Lif Jewelry is a collection of 18 karate gold jewelry that incorporates diamonds and colorful gemstones. The Speed of Color collection is an embodiment of Andy’s own obsession with color and craftsmanship.  The Speed of Color features rings, earrings and pendants in a variety of colors and sizes to fit anyone’s personal style.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Gentle Monster just dropped their latest collaboration line with French animator and artist, Ugo Bienvenu. The signature eyewear was released with a three part video series; The Unsuspected World of 13, Undecember, where in an alternate future, a drifting moon changes the Earth as we know it - creating the 13th moon as well as a need to survive. The Korean established brand has distinguished itself yet again as cutting-edge and contemporary by evolving their vision through dynamic collaboration. Like the world of Undecember, the eyewear design teters on the edges between consciousness and subconscious; illustrating in fashion, what fantasy can do to change the world.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    STILL FROM BLUE VALENTINE (2010) FEATURING PRODUCTION DESIGN BY INBAL WEINBERG. PHOTO BY DAVI RUSSO.  SUSPIRIA (2018) FEATURING PRODUCTION DESIGN BY INBAL WEINBERG. PHOTOBY MIKAEL OLSSON.  WHISTLES dress and RACHEL COMEY shoes. Inbal Weinberg is an architect of the imagination, a designer equipped with the tools of history, nostalgia, and fantasy. Her work is what enables the escapism you seek in a film, the sense that the fictional universe you’ve entered for some 120 minutes is believable, a “real place” even if it’s utterly fantastic. As a production designer, she says her role “is more of a magician’s role, creating something that never existed and will never exist.”  “We all have our own psychology,” Weinberg tells me over the phone. “The films that I love watching don’t have to be the same films that I like making.” Having seen several of Weinberg’s films throughout the years—Suspiria, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, and Blue Valentine, to name a few—I’ve noticed her style leans heavily towards a lush realism, offering a heightened, detail-oriented artistry that communicates layers of information. While creating beautiful visual compositions, she avoids the pitfalls of sentimentality and romanticism. Describing her creative process, she says, “I walk down the street in New York and I immediately catch at least three scenes that could have the same drama that you might see in a fantasy movie. Imagine you’re looking at an apartment building. I can knock on any door...behind every door there’s a whole universe of people living there. Every little detail of that world reflects back on the person. Humanity is so interesting as it is.”  With her most recent project—Luca Guadagnino’s reimagination of Dario Argento’s Suspiria—Weinberg was tasked with a unique hybrid of period piece, labyrinthine spaces, and occult underworlds. “It was an interesting challenge to learn about Berlin in the ’70s, but it wasn’t an unusual process,” she says of the initial stages of research. “Then there’s the fantastical spaces of the witches’ underworld. You sort of have to start from zero and put together a lot of different references. Luckily,” she continues, “Luca has a vast knowledge of the art world and crafts, so we had interesting references that maybe don’t connect, traditionally. The richness of the references were there, and we would find images of surreal art and performance art and color palettes and so on.”  In Weinberg’s world, tapping into the human element of a set is the ingredient that allows a space to be believable. “Our memories of spaces are emotional. When you think back on your grandparents’ house, you have this sense of love for the people, and it permeates everything in the memory. When we are able to bring history into a place, it also has to do with the people that used that piece of furniture or purchased that tchotchke. That helps to bring character to a set.” As for the progression (or regression) of beauty in our spaces, Weinberg has strong feelings: “The contemporary to me, somehow in my visual subjectivity, is always to be avoided. When you look back at other periods it’s like, ‘Oh my god, things were so colorful, or things were so patterned!’ Nowadays I walk into an office and it’s white walls and LED lights, and you think to yourself, ‘Are the white walls and the LED lights going to be considered beautiful 30 years from now?’ It’s very hard to pinpoint what is going to turn a set into a cinematic space.” We’ll see Weinberg’s work in two upcoming projects this year. For the first, she teamed up for the second time with director Dee Rees (of, most recently, Mudbound fame) after their prior collaboration on Rees’ film Pariah. The upcoming project, titled The Last Thing He Wanted, is based on the Joan Didion novel of the same name. Set in the ’80s and starring Willem Dafoe, Anne Hathaway, and Ben Affleck, the film follows a political reporter who quits her newspaper job and becomes an arms dealer for a covert government agency working in Central America. It’s a visually rich era and location, which means a big job for Weinberg. “It was a period piece and had hundreds of sets. It was a really epic story and an adventurous shoot.”  Next comes a miniseries called I Know This Much Is True from director Derek Cianfrance, with whom Weinberg worked on Blue Valentine and The Place Beyond the Pines. Clearly, her talent has earned repeat customers. “It’s based on a book as well, and is also going to be a kind of epic saga with multiple periods. Right now we’re doing deep historical research, and that’s always a great time—before the madness starts, when you can still have a little bit of time to really think about the periods that you’re going to recreate.” Her dedication shows: although Weinberg’s work exists as an ephemeral stage, her magic lies in cinematic memory—that impossible sensation of nostalgia for a time we never lived in, a realization of the supernatural, or a fictional billboard burned into cultural consciousness.  Photographer: Tyler Nevitt at The Brooks Agency.  Stylist: Anna Brown at The Brooks Agency.  Hair and Makeup: Claudia Lake using Mario Badescu And Bobbi Brown Cosmetics at Contact NYC Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Jil Sander Sombrero bag SS 2019  Jil Sander Sombrero bag SS 2019  Jil Sander Sombrero bag SS 2019  Jil Sander Sombrero bag SS 2019  Jil Sander Sombrero bag SS 2019  Jil Sander Sombrero bag SS 2019  Jil Sander Sombrero bag SS 2019 This past weekend’s super bloom in LA as well as daylight saving time has had us fully embracing spring, which could only mean waiting for those hot as hell summers of endless outdoor parties, barely-there clothing, and adding to our big bag repertoire. In comes Jil Sander who just dropped their statement making sombrero bag from the Spring/Summer 2019 collection and we couldn't be more enthused at the big bag trend to finally hit stores and our closets. Created for the beach to city moves of either hanging limp around the wrist or for the stern fashion hold (see below) the sleek design makes for that ease from casual to formal without batting a lash. Carried in 3 different sizes large, medium, and small, the larger options are going to be the best for that structural fashion art girl impact. Get your sombrero bag Here Read more on “The Big Bag Theory”  Photos courtesy of Jil Sander Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photo by Alissa Ashley  Photo by Denzel Golatt  Photo by David Gannon “What’s good? What’s popping?” Denzel Dion asks his 1.1 million YouTube subscribers at the beginning of each video he uploads onto the site. The social media celebrity, who has also amassed nearly two million devotees on Instagram, is known as much for his biting comedy, which directs its sassiness towards the pop culture and fashion world, as for his own personal style. Standing at six foot five inches, it’s hard to not notice Dion whenever he’s on your computer screen. With a high-top fade, a la Christopher Reid circa House Party, and usually decked out in clothes seemingly pulled from Will Smith’s wardrobe in Fresh Prince of Bel Air, he first found viral fame on the now defunct Vine platform by uploading comedy based skits such as “when ratchet girls ask to use the bathroom in school,” and “#awkwardmoment when you call your friend’s house thinking they’ll pick up but their parents do.” After abandoning ship right before Vine sunk, Dion relocated his comedy to Instagram and YouTube where he has gained an even larger following thanks, much in part, to his signature style, featuring fanny packs, track suits, and windbreakers.  And the Internet has noticed —  with Denzel receiving nominations for “Best Breakout YouTube Star” at the best “Fun & Entertainment” YouTube channel at the forthcoming Shorty Awards and Global Social Awards, respectively, this year. What does one do after conquering all forms of social media? Well, in Dion’s case, he’s aiming his targets at the fashion world. His clothing line, Dion By Denzel, made its debut this past February, with a collection of hoodies and t-shirts emblazoned with phrases which match Dion’s signature confidence, such as “Heartbreaker,” and “Voluntarily Single.” In the upcoming months, he plans on expanding his fashion brand, by focusing on less merchandise based clothing, and more on everyday fashion. He also floats ideas about starting his own podcast, where he can break free from the cameras for a bit a create a more lucid environment, where he can touch on topics not discussed on his Instagram or YouTube page. “With a podcast I can just get on there and talk,” Dion says during our phone conversation. “Because if you give me a mic, oh I can talk. I can talk, for hours.” There’s no doubting Denzel Dion was blessed with the gift of gab, now the only question remains is, are you popping? Because I know Denzel is. How long have you been uploading videos to YouTube? My first video was in 2014, but I started YouTube in 2016…February 2016. Tell us about your first experience going viral…how did (going viral) change the way you use and interact with social media? Going viral changed the way I use social media because when you go viral you’re obviously seen more. Yeah, subscriber growth is always good, but there’s always hate and backlash because not everybody is going to like you. It made me stronger. How so? I’m from New York, so I would always respond to comments. Now I don’t respond to mean comments, I just laugh because they don’t make me mad anymore. I don’t stoop to their level and respond with the hate they give me. I just respond with a positive pushback. Are you still reading the comments on your YouTube page? Yeah…I feel like everyone does. Others say they don’t read their comments, but I think they do because they want to see what the feedback is.  You start every video with the phrase “What’s good? What’s popping?” Where did this phrase originate? I’ve just always said “What’s good? What’s popping?” when I greet people. It’s are you popping, because I know I am… it’s a confidence booster. It is…You feel good when you hear that. Exactly. What does your fan base mean to you? Without my fan base I feel like, obviously nothing would happen, but they’re not ordinary fans. They ask me for outside ideas, like styling tips. They’re like “Denzel, oh my god, I wanna wear this to the place where I’m going.” They’re like my friends, sort of. I sometimes give them advice, styling tips, on how to go about things in life. I feel like with my videos they feel very connected to me, because my videos are very raw and real. I feel like they can come to me for anything. Do you encourage interaction between you and your fans? Yeah, a lot. Sometimes on Instagram but mainly through Twitter. When was the first time you remember being recognized in public by one of your fans? I remember this because I will never forget this day. It was April 20th, 2014…this was because I made a Vine then deleted the app off my phone, not knowing the Vine got popular when I was off…I used to work at the YMCA and my first paycheck I ever got I went to California and I was only here for about twenty four hours (because that’s all I could afford)…I was here for 24 hours, I came here and I didn’t know anyone here. So I went to City Walk because it was a very touristy thing to do and they were having a free concert there. Basically many people noticed me from the audience and came up to me like “can I take a picture with you,” and I’m like, me? “Yeah, you’re from the Vine,” After that I downloaded the app and literally posted every day after that. Wow, that must’ve been a confidence booster, your first time in LA and somebody immediately recognizing you? Yeah, first it was like nothing happened, but it was towards the end of the night, you know a lot of teens go there (City Walk) but you know when you see somebody taking a picture it’s like “you look familiar…oh wait, I know him” It was a Domino effect? Yeah, exactly. Besides your commentary and your comedy, you’re also known for your style. When did you first become interested in fashion? When I first knew I was fashion-forward was when I was in the fifth grade, so when I was ten, I remember when I used to wear things in school and they were like “Oh my God, that’s for girls,” and I was like, okay…cool. My mom was always stylish, she had clothing stores, so I guess that’s where it came from. But I just always wanted to look good, that’s just what it was. I just like looking good for myself, not for anybody else. Who are some people who have influenced your look? Its not more so people, its more so era’s. I was very inspired by the 90’s era. The shows like Fresh Prince of Bel-Air, or movies like Boyz in the Hood, Clueless. I don’t get inspired by fashion icons, just era’s. Now, I’m into the 2000’s era, like I love the whole “Simple Life,” with Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie. I was very inspired by era’s, I don’t know why. Now someone I respect is Rihanna for sure, and that’s pretty much it. Would you say your fashion is changing as you grow older? Or do you keep the same style you had when you were younger? I’m evolving in my fashion because there are some things I wore like two weeks ago I’m like “eww, why would I wear that.” Every day new things inspire me and I just like to know what works for my body, what works for me. Because, yeah, everyone can wear anything but, to me, I feel like I need to know what works on you first. To me, I feel like, not everybody can pull something off…but there are certain things I know that I could wear but it wouldn’t look right on me. If you get what I’m saying? Yes. You previously mentioned the possibility of starting your own clothing line…is this still an idea you’re flirting with? Oh yeah, I’m starting it now. I’ve released some stuff in February but since we’re going into a new month and new season, definitely in April, May, I will be having some stuff come out. But yeah, I’m just designing stuff right now I want to be very different. Do you have a name for your line? Dion by Denzel. Where can fans purchase these clothes? DionbyDenzel.com, or Dion by Denzel on Instagram. Back in December of last year you reached one million subscribers on YouTube…how did it feel hitting this mark? Honestly, it felt so good because my (2019) New Year’s Resolution, I was around 500,000 at the time, I said “I don’t know what needs to happen but before this year ends, I need my million.” I had my million on Instagram and the only thing I was working towards was my million on YouTube. And just for the fact that I never saw myself using YouTube…even when I started YouTube I was like I’d be happy if I just get 10,000 subscribers, you know what I mean? So for some reason I didn’t feel like I was capable of doing it…like, I know I was capable but I just couldn’t believe I could hit a million subscribers, and it’s the point where I take pride in that because I don’t really collab with a lot of people…my channel is basically all me. So for me to be me, doing what I do, and be at a million subscribers, I’m very happy because of that. So if I don’t reach it, even I reached it on January first I would have been pissed. It needed to happen in 2018. That’s cool it happened right before the year ended. It was right before I reached it…like December 31st, December 30th. It was very near. Did you do anything to celebrate? Not really, I was going to have a party, like have a little get together, but I was like “it’s fine, it’s cool.” I was just so happy, I didn’t really need a celebration. Me having a million subscribers was my celebration. What do you have in store for your fans in 2019? 2019, I’m trying to come up with new, fresh content which is why I haven’t posted in a week and a half. I’m trying to figure out what I want to do with my channel, I feel like my channel is very nice now but it’s like what else do I have to give? So, I’m trying to challenge myself on making my videos better, better quality, and just better content overall. And I do want to make more clothes, I really do want to drop more clothes…because already my merch is really merchy, do you know what I mean? I’m just wanting to take it to the next level.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Altuzarra Fall/Winter 2019  Balenciaga Fall/Winter 2019  Balenciaga Fall/Winter 2019  Chanel Fall/Winter 2019  Chanel Fall/Winter 2019  Chloé Fall/Winter 2019  Comme des Garcons Fall/Winter 2019  Dior Fall/Winter 2019  Dries Van Noten Fall/Winter 2019  Givenchy Fall/Winter 2019  Givenchy Fall/Winter 2019  Loewe Fall/Winter 2019  Louis Vuitton Fall/Winter 2019  Maison Margiela Fall/Winter 2019  Noir Kei Ninomiya Fall/Winter 2019  Rick Owens Fall/Winter 2019  Sacai Fall/Winter 2019  Valentino Fall/Winter 2019 The Paris fall/winter 2019 fashion season was surely a mixed bag with stellar collections from Balenciaga, Rick Owens, and the particularly supreme lyrical Comme des Garçons as well as an emotional tribute to Karl Lagerfeld at Chanel in a snow filled mountaintop Swiss ski resort with Philip Glass music enchanting the audience. On the whole, the Paris shows remains the undisputed global fashion capital that attracted smaller brands like Altuzarra and Noir Kei Ninomiya to compete on an equal platform for both audience and commerce with the giant behemoths Chanel, Dior and Louis Vuitton.   The buzzword floating around Paris was ‘bourgeois’ meaning the kind of style associated with the upper middle class French recalling the era when French designers such as Claude Montana who dominated the ready to wear market with a style of outsized silhouette and expert tailoring with clothes that portrayed power and influence. But bourgeois now concocted expensive and classic garments that are a sure commercial bet rather than statement making, despite some with those oversize shoulders.   By the time the last show ended, it was clear that clothes, well specifically these ready to buy and wear garments available in stores and at various e-commerce sites around early August, took center stage at the most influential Paris runway shows. Balenciaga and Celine led the pack that stayed clear of narrative or convincing story telling because the clothes can stand on their own without any requisite additives.  In his 109 look co-ed show, Demna Gvasalia set a new template for Balenciaga in terms of business – the brand will no longer do resort and pre-fall collections but just two collection per season with delivery of products stretched out during that half year retail time frame.  This was the commercial model for high fashion in the decade and a half ago prior to the advent of standalone cruise collections.   To achieve this new commercial model, Gvasalia delivered on the high fashion premises of the clothes that updated the house’s heritage of innovative silhouettes for both women and men to wear day or night in the forms of pantsuits with broad shoulders, wool coats with giant exaggerated shoulders, colorful puffers and duvet coats and long print dresses that all encompass novel shapes in a range of fabrics. Shown at a television film studio with asphalt floors, flashing lights and loud dance music, the Balenciaga clothes had distinctive Balenciaga signatures and required no supporting ‘actors’ aka expensive stagecraft.     Similarly inside a vast tent under the gold dome housing Napoléon tomb at the Hôtel des Invalides with just a moveable ‘dressing room’ as a set, Hedi Slimane stirred a new direction at his third show for Celine, ushering in a more classic look of camel cashmere coats, jackets and pleated skirt, and riding capes with scale and conviction that mirrored his men’s show in January. In lieu of the late night nomads feel of his debut show last September. The new spirit in this Celine show was the apparent all too normalcy of the clothes rather than a collection framed in the usual rock and music aficionados’ sartorial language. All done with the intention of reaching the now generation who may not used to these more conservative dressing styles. Slimane’s major altered course will allow Anthony Vaccarallo at Saint Laurent to continue to develop and evolve on the silhouettes that Slimane firmly established at the house. This time Vaccarallo injected big shoulder aesthetics of the 80’s onto heavy coats and jackets that gave his Saint Laurent a slight move forward to construct his own vocabulary in the near future.   At Dior, Maria Grazia Chiuri made great commercial clothes – yes that meant tartan anoraks and parkas, faded denim jackets and skirts, slim pantsuits, and easy evening dresses – that triumphed over the omnipresent messaging of feminism with the décor of the poet Tomaso Binga body letters spelling out words inside the tent at the Rodin gardens.  Natacha Ramsay-Levi gave her Chloé girls remarkable chic clothes with special attention to details like an olive wool military coats with fur collars or a camel coat with funnel collar, wine check wool dresses with tight waist, long floral dress with side slit or a simple denim coat-dress.  Joseph Altuzarra showed his strength in creating a rift on sophisticated dressing by pairing his soft print silk dresses with black oversize shearling bikers and parkas – adding a fetish element into his repertoire of feminine wardrobe.  At Sacai, Chitose Abe brought new proportions to her hybrid couture with an interplay of the mixture of the sizes of garment combining them into one such as a heavy grey wool coat with a green corset waist belt, a skinny knit biker and large puffer coat, or an oversize camel trench coat with a tiny cropped green down vest.  Tailoring was the strength of both Claire Waight Keller’s Givenchy and Sarah Burton’s Alexander McQueen. At Givenchy, the tailoring took a rigid and structure route with the shape of big shoulders on top and belt at the waist like a double-breasted Prince of Wales coat and a green or brown versions of a pantsuit, both belted to telegraph the dramatic v-shape outline of the garments. At Alexander McQueen, the mills towns of north England, where the wools were traditionally made for London’s tailors, provided Burton with a grounded inspiration for her meticulously cut jackets and coats draped in asymmetrical layers of worsted wool fabrics. Dries Van Noten too opened his show with a navy tailored pinstripe pantsuit following by coats in charcoal that signaled a quieter outing for his dresses and coats decorated with photo print of roses from his own garden in various stages of bloom.  While elements of tailoring permeated here and there at the Off-White show expressed in a white collar jacket with short wavy skirt or black leather pantsuit, the end of the street wear influence left a conundrum for the brand where a model wore a long flare silk organza coat, hot pants and leather boots all in a yellow and light charcoal checkered print that exactly matched the painted floor.  The clothes shown were fine – oversize trenches and coats, pantsuits, great denim pants and blousons – but the lack of the force of logos of past seasons diminished their draw power.  John Galliano at Maison Margiela showed what a pure tailored silhouette can manifest into great coats with elevated sleeves like a camel trench with black sleeves or a black slim fitted jacket with flare sleeves and pants.   At Valentino, Pierpaolo Piccioli didn’t just talk about being in love metaphorically – he did with asking four poets to compose verse based on conversations with him among them Greta Bellamacina and Robert Montgomery whose verse ‘The people you love become ghosts inside of you and like this you keep them alive’ were mounted with light letterings at the entrance of the catwalk. Some of these poets words ended up on the bottom sides of black or white trenches, on white short dresses with space floral print or black flare coats with floral print on the side. But Piccioli created great and poetic clothes with haute couture volumes with little need for putting actual words and photo prints of black and white figures embracing each other in collaboration with Jun Takahashi on dresses and coats that at times seemed overdone with unnecessary decorations.  But at Noir, the designer Kei Ninomiya showed some the most intricate clothes based on the rose, like a black rigid circular weave top and leather skirt, a black and white rose flowers coat or a long tulle dress adorned with rose replicas – a collection that encompassed both the poetic and the experimental.   On the opposite spectrum, where the decoration was vital to the collection, Nicolas Ghesquière’s anchored his Louis Vuitton show in a faux reconstruction of the Beaubourg Museum, where colorful venting pipes covered the building exterior was integral to the mixtures of materials and cuts of each looks that recalled the – pink floral dress with v-neckline ruffles, floral ruffle blouse with tailored crepe pants, oversize patchwork sleeveless vest, stripe shirt and red tie and blue skirt, or colorful patchwork of leather jackets and short skirt.  In between were black double-breasted jacket, black leather bikers, and the likes of a black broad shoulder coat.  But Jonathan Anderson at Loewe truly mastered the mixture of a bit of drama into his collections for the Spanish house and this time with a show around 17th century miniature portraits that offered the intimacy of the clothes – black slim wool coats, blue and black silk v-neck dresses or brown slim suit all worn with black or white hats with ears or furry caps.  A brown wool coat with asymmetrical collar and out fold patch pockets while at first seemed slightly weird was a classic Anderson mix of the eccentric and the mundane that worked wonderfully in this show.  The most emotional show of the season was at Chanel where there was a tribute to the late designer Karl Lagerfeld in a Swiss mountain resort setting. After a minute of silence and the voice of Lagerfeld in an interview, where he talked about his early days at Chanel where others advised him against taking the job, sounds of small bell rung and the show started as with any Chanel show over the decades with a grand display of the new versions of the house tweed suiting and coats – this time crafted with ease in loose silhouettes primarily paired with pants and led by the house longtime muse and ambassador Cara Delevingne.  An all white final section of the show was a spectacular and masterful farewell to Lagerfeld whose presence at Chanel will be felt for many years to come.   But two of the outstanding shows in Paris this season belonged to Rick Owens and Rei Kawakubo at Comme des Garçons.  Both these designers relied on their own instinct to evolve their work rather than looking elsewhere for content to substitute for true creativity.  Owens abandoned his more hardcore approach in the last two seasons, like the spring show of burning pyre representing the destruction of the utopian Tatlin’s Tower, allowing a bit of glam and sex into a collection that combined great tailored jacket and coats with dresses that twisted around the body in different print fabrics.  All the silhouettes were signature Owens but the spirit and mood were different pleasure and more of an embrace of the celebratory.   In the second season where Rei Kawakubo left behind her five years of showing a framework for conceptual clothes rather than actual ready to wear garments, the designer marshaled elements of Victorian dresses to modern day shapes in the mostly black collection under the theme of ‘gathering of shadows’ like a black cotton ruffle paired with a black rubber bolero or red tweed Marie Antoinette pannier skirt with black wool cropped capes with round collar and ruffle trims and yellow tartan pants.  At Comme des Garçons, the clothes themselves provided the narrative.  All the models came out for the finale and formed a circle and raised their hands above their heads as a beam of white light shone from above.   Somewhere in between the darkness of the clothes and the menace noise of the soundtrack was a group of children singing “All Things Bright and Beautiful.”  In times of darkness there is always light ahead the clothes indicate.  The Paris shows define the zeitgeist of where fashion is today – bourgeois, eccentric and individualistic.   It is also more conceivable today that the consuming audiences are looking to some kind of connection to the designer’s frame of mind as expressed in the clothes they presented, a sort of kinship.  Yet the best of the clothes embraced the craft of making clothes were from the designers with a clear vision for their brand and for fashion at this moment.  Better are the clothes that can stand on their own and tell a story rather than have any narrative imposed externally.     Photos courtesy of Respective Houses Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                                               “There’s no place like home,” Dorothy Gale famously proclaimed in 1939’s landmark film The Wizard of Oz. The phrase, which entered the world’s subconscious and stayed there decades after the film’s release, transcends the traditional meaning of “home,” by signifying the comfort, or warmth felt when surrounded by loved ones in a familiar environment. “Home is where the heart is,” another well-known phrase states, which proves the meaning of home can possess you in other places besides where you lay your head down to rest. But the word “home,” can unveil other feelings besides stability and love, such as how it can provoke loneliness when stuck at “home,” on a Friday night. Or how the word “home,” can feel like a prison when you’re trapped in a small town, dreaming about a larger world existing outside your comfort zone. In “MAISON pour MAISON,” a  fashion presentation held during Amsterdam Fashion Week, MAISON the FAUX presented their newest collection which was detailed in a series of vignettes showcasing the many interpretations one can summon when thinking about “home.” From scenes depicting the sense of unity experienced when living with people you love to settings imagining the bedroom as a prison, and the chaotic environment created when rehousing, MAISON the FAUX fitted their models with their rendition of leisure wear, with looks ranging from robes combined with sleeping hats, bedroom gowns, two-piece PJ’s, and sweaters donned with MAISON the FAUX Melatonin graphics. The setting’s mise en scene included pillows, duvets, mattresses, and sleep-masks to convey the universal feeling of home. MAISON the FAUX describes itself as a “creative studio posing as a grand couture fashion house.” The studio has recently underwent major renovations to its brand as it is no longer accepting whole sale orders and is, instead, now focusing their energy towards more creative pursuits such as costume design, spatial design, and art direction. They will present “MAISON pour MAISON,” at Tokyo Fashion Week later this year which will produce even more home fashion products, including the ones showcased during Amsterdam Fashion Week.  Photos by Team Peter Stigter Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Natalia Dyer     Alisha Boe               Charlie Heaton            Never one to tire and ever ready to stoke the fire, Flaunt continued our multi-city release celebrations of The Elemental Issue at The W Hotel's Trace in Austin last night, alongside our pals Zadig & Voltaire and Walking Taco Productions, for the opening of global arts and innovation festival: SXSW. To toast? Why, the charming Natalia Dyer, who graces the digital cover of said Elemental Issue and who found herself in the Lone Star State for the world premiere of her film, "Yes, God, Yes". On tap was Gem and Bolt Mezcal (delicious, if we do say) and our crisp coat of arms, Peroni, who kept the mood groovy to the sweet sounds of DJs Sean Diagle and Eric Ellison, as the night faded from dim to dark to darker. Thanks to all who came out! Photos by Sean Diagle  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017     Photography by Alan Moncada Photograph by Alan Moncada What Los Angeles is really about is the blend between what is fine and what is gritty, and that’s what’s encapsulated in FINE STREETWEAR JEWELRY of A.D.iii. The LA designed collection is reminiscent of the ball chain necklaces designer, Aaron Thompson, wore as a Valley kid in the late 90’s. It was what musicians were wearing, it was what pro skaters thought was cool. It was rebellious, it was bold, and now, with Thompson bringing the past into the now, it’s refined.  Photo courtesy of A.D.iii A.D.iii produces pieces that can connect with different social classes. It brings together the cultures of the high and lowbrow in a way that all people can understand. We can all see the rebelliousness in this collection. AD.iii FINE STREETWEAR JEWELRY consists of 18k gold clasps that are flooded in 4 carats of hand selected VS diamonds on a ball chain.  It can be found exclusively at Maxfield LA.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    UNIQLO 2019 Collections Celebration  UNIQLO 2019 Collections Celebration  UNIQLO 2019 Collections Celebration  UNIQLO 2019 Collections Celebration  UNIQLO 2019 Collections Celebration  UNIQLO 2019 Collections Celebration  UNIQLO 2019 Collections Celebration Last night UNIQLO celebrated the launch of their UNIQLO Spring/Summer 2019 line as well as their JW Anderson and Hana Tajima collaborations with an intimate gathering on La Cienega’s art row at the SmogShoppe. The venues wide space and walls of ivy made for a perfect background to the pop up that presented a mock shop of modular displays. On the wall screened JW Anderson’s collection in the form of a film mimicking the iconic “run through the Louvre” scene in Band of Outsiders. The 3rd collection from Anderson continues to show a classic dose of English humor matched with UNIQLO’s everyday sensibility. An assortment of rugby shirts inspired by the designer’s father worked well in complementing the women’s selection of trench coats in playful and colorful patterns, like the paisley and strip canvas pieces.  Shop the collection here  UNIQLO 2019 Collections Celebration Photos courtesy of UNIQLO  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   In New York, Natalia Dyer sits in a warm coffee shop on a glacial afternoon. It’s something like 10 degrees outside but she’s not complaining about the “polar vortex.” Her voice flits over the many animated city-dwellers fighting to get an edge in around her. I hear the chatter, talk of art galleries this, circumcision that. Even though she speaks softly, her voice chimes above the rest because of its fragile honey. To all of those that know the name and not the face, or know the face and not the name, Dyer is emerging, from a cocoon, from younger husks of herself, and from her childhood home, Nashville, as a talented actor. ZADIG & VOLTAIRE jacket, shirt, and shorts. As Dyer tells it, becoming an “actor” was a gradual process, but there is one defining moment. She grew up in an athletic family, and in elementary school, she followed her sporty sister to an athletic camp. On the first day, she had twisted her ankle in a race. She admits that she “fudged the pain a little.” Perhaps, as Dyer felt the first twinge of discomfort, she also felt that her first instinct was to act, to embellish just a little. While her initial courtship with acting seemed natural, it took some time before she realized her calling: “I didn’t think it was what I was going to do as my career, for my life. I wasn’t sure it was feasible or reliable. And it’s not necessarily either of those things—it’s a lot of luck and persistence and patience.” ZADIG & VOLTAIRE jacket, shirt, and shorts. Thankfully she has all three in spades, and Dyer soon found herself offered roles like the one that would become her most recognizable character, Nancy Wheeler in Stranger Things. Her talent was immediately apparent—in an interview, musician James Bay told NME that he called up Natalia after binge-watching season one of Stranger Things to ask her to be in his music video for his song “Wild Love,” saying afterward that the process was “wonderful”: “She’s as lovely and simple in her approach in chatting to you as she is in her acting.”  But Nancy Wheeler is not a simple role. She is a dynamic and richly layered character, and Dyer fully embodies her dynamism. Just in episode three, Dyer does a formidable job of navigating Nancy’s emotional shifts as she embarks on a budding relationship with love-interest Steve and confronts her rising fear over her friend Barb’s sudden disappearance. Dyer succeeds in defining Nancy’s fraught internal motivations and emotions in this early episode, and with two seasons (with a third season coming out in July) her understanding of the character continues to evolve. “It’s nice when you get to grow with a character. I really like Nancy. I love her storyline and where she’s going. She’s very human and relatable,” Dyer tells me. But Nancy isn’t the only Dyer character subjected to otherworldly horrors. As if the “Upside Down” wasn’t enough, her most recent role finds her sharing screen time with carnivorous paintings. VALENTINO top, skirt, shoes, and belt. On February 1st, Netflix released Velvet Buzzsaw, a satirical and biting look into the LA art scene. Dyer plays Coco, a young intern who is trying to make it in the absurd gallery world, appearing alongside Jake Gyllenhaal’s turn as a cynical, snidely pretentious critic. Dyer emphasizes Coco’s hard work, and sympathizes with her hard-earned realization in the film that the world is not “quite fair,” to put it mildly. This insight into Coco’s character seems to sprout from Dyer’s own evolving realizations as a rising talent. ZADIG & VOLTAIRE jumpsuit. Just like Coco, Dyer is eager to learn. She absorbs lessons from each film, and she describes the most exciting part of acting to be “exploring a little bit about myself with each character.” And you can see Dyer in the characters she plays—she’s present in Nancy Wheeler’s growing confidence, in Coco’s determination, and, as SXSW audiences will see in March of this year, the intimate vulnerability of Alice in Yes, God, Yes. LOUIS VUITTON dress. In 2017, a short film (also titled Yes, God, Yes) was released, exploring the hypocrisy and hilarity of navigating female adolescent sexuality. This year, the feature-length adaptation will have you marveling at Dyer’s seamless portrayal of an emotionally aware and curious 16-year old. One subject of her inquiry: what do a mop, a phone, and a back massager have in common? VICTORIA BECKHAM jacket and top. Alice is a watchful, independent, and somewhat surprising main character, and Dyer captures it all. You can see the unfolding revelations and seismic spiritual shift in her gaze in a pivotal moment, when Alice discovers her anti-masturbation preaching Catholic mentor doing just that which he preaches against. Guilt, lust, and furtive Titanic viewings mingle to create a story that is redemptive in its sympathy for human fallibility. But the true shift in Alice’s perspective occurs in a dimly lit bar, when Alice orders a Wine Cooler and shoots the shit with the leather-clad bar owner. After some much-needed perspective from her new, more experienced friend, she finally realizes the absurdity of her worries, naming her “sins” and finally smiling unencumbered. “I thought I was going to hell for having cybersex,” she laughs. Dyer, as Alice, even twists her ankle again, and again she maybe embellishes the pain to attract the attention of the dimple-smiled football jock—but this time Dyer was paid for her efforts. MIU MIU jacket, sweater, top, skirt, and shorts. A self-proclaimed “introvert,” Dyer says she stays grounded partly through her minimal use of social media, and she humbly draws from her own experiences to imbue her characters with an easy, unforced authenticity. “During filming, there is a lot of introspection, self-analyzing, and reflection. I am not remotely grown into myself, and I learn more on every shoot. With these roles, the internal stuff isn’t always vocalized, but it’s there. When I was younger, I tried to tread lightly when drawing from my own experiences, but with a role like Alice, I can go back and examine what that was.” CHANEL shirt, pants, belt, and earrings. Dyer tells me she loves to walk, and I imagine her “treading lightly” through the avenues of New York City. If she were given a day with no obligations, she tells me, she would spend it weaving down side streets and exploring storefronts, enjoying the surprises that a stroll can bring: “If I can just wake up and be with friends, walk, and get food, honestly that’s a day for me,” she says. She constantly strives to learn while embracing serendipity, finding “part of the fun to be when things just fall in your lap.” She’s eager to grow in range and in roles, saying she “would love to do more comedy or action, to try things that are challenging but in a different way.” Dyer has a thrilling race in front of her, and this time she shows no sign of stumbling. Photographed by Chris and Jonathan Schoonover Film by David Vollucci Styled by Emma Jade Morrison  Hair: Marc Mena using Oribe at Exclusive Artists  Makeup: Tina Turnbow using Ogee at Crosby Carter Management Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Shay Mitchell   Rainsford  Mui-Hai Chu   Bernd Kroeber and Sophia Esperanza  Tati Gabrielle  Mia Rae and Zella Day   Bec Adams  Lilimar  Clement Buyi Zheng and Matthew Bedard  Violet Benson  Z Berg  Dana Dentata  Mads Paige  Sophia Pernas  Mishel Prada      Tolula Adeyemi         Ella Mai Weisskamp  John Kolic            Neither rain nor traffic nor an impending Thursday workday could keep our intrepid revelers from their celebrations. The evening commenced with dinner in the atrium at WeHo stunner Barbette, where The Elemental Issue digital cover queen Shay Mitchell was joined by a captivating crowd including Rainsford, Sophia Esperanza, Lilimar, Mishel Prada, Violet Benson, Bec Adams, Mads Paige, and Tati Gabrielle looking their loveliest in full-bloom spring offerings from BCBGMAXAZRIA and gathered around a table strewn with flower arrangements from Caiti Hawkins’ The Magic Shop. After laughter, toasts, and ample bonhomie, the party moved to the main room, where DJ Tolula Adeyemi and Z Berg got the room moving with a little help from good vibes provided by Peroni, Bandero Tequila, Three Olives Vodka and Freixenet. Scope the photos above to relive a lovely evening. Photos by Sean Behr & Devin Kasparian  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                       Today, Random Identities is bringing us back to classic roots with it’s 3rd release titled “Tailoring” For this collection Stefano Pilati draws inspiration from his decades long experience with garment construction and his own classic aesthetic. “The release focuses on tailoring, a category intrinsic to the brand due to my experience and my own foundation. I did the collection in black: essential, effective and as the last conservative way to not compromise the riguous formality of wearing no color during the winter time” as explained by Stefano in an statement of the collection. The pieces are truly timeless as they are references from Stefano’s intensive archive  and own personal wardrobe. Random Identities is menswear oriented but this collection provides a feminine touches here and there with the glass shape cut Officer Coat and a 6 button double breasted suit meant to provide “inter-seasonal chicness”. Of course, all of the garments are to be paired with the brand's signature white PJ shirt and the R.I. worker boots. The collection is available March 7th on SSENSE and Dover Street Market New York, Los Angeles, London and Ginza.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Rashida Jones for Maison Kitsuné Parisien Photographer: Benjamin Lennox  Rashida Jones for Maison Kitsuné Parisien Photographer: Benjamin Lennox Rashida Jones embodies the Maison Kitsuné attitude as the first campaign ambassador for the Parisian labels latest collection. Known for its chic and simple designs, the brand could not have picked better representation, as Jones is photographed for the Spring/Summer campaign wearing a white cap paired with two wool cardigans - one in red, one in navy - buttoned up together. Each piece embellished with the tricolor fox logo, Jones playfully wears the sporty, yet dapper look.  “I am incredibly honored to be Maison Kitsuné’s brand ambassador,” said Jones. “Not sure why they picked me but I said yes because my ideal style is a blend of the French and Japanese Aesthetic: sophisticated, simple, timeless, menswear inspired and slightly quirky." The Maison Kitsuné Parisien collection is available online and in certain Maison Kitsuné locations. “The Maison Kitsuné woman never seems like she is trying too hard,” note Gildas Loaëc and Masaya Kuroki, co-founders of the brand. “She is confident with a casual attitude and subtle but undeniable charm, has good taste and a playful sense of humor. For our first-ever Parisien campaign, we were looking for a strong, thoughtful, talented and witty woman. Rashida perfectly embodies the spirit of the Parisien collection – we are very excited for her to be part of the Maison Kitsuné family!” Photos courtesy of Benjamin Lennox. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   BALLY coat, ELLERY top and shorts, MONSE shoes, TIFFANY & CO. necklace, and CARTIER rings. If you’re going to be anywhere at 9AM on a Friday morning, you could do a lot worse than Topanga Canyon, with its chaparral-coated hills, eucalyptus breeze, and hazy mysticism that reverberates from somewhere deep within the Santa Monica Mountains.  The morning sun is sparking through the treetops as I pass a rusting statue of a plump pink pig with wings perched atop a metal pole. When pigs fly: an emblem of the canyon’s enduring free spirit, its winking whimsy and dreams of the impossible, its aging embrace of authenticity and spirituality, concepts since co-opted by the entrapments of social media. At one point, I almost drive myself off a cliff draining my second coffee of the day, a necessity since I stayed up half the night binge-watching You (a show so gnarled with thrilling twists and turns that it practically defies you not to watch it all in one sitting) in preparation to interview Shay Mitchell, whose sartorially flawless and emotionally fraught portrayal of crisp and calculating bestie-gone-bad Peach Salinger has a good majority of Twitter all up in a tizzy.  Perched across from me in a treehouse against the side of the canyon, Mitchell is fresh-faced and utterly self-effacing, a far cry from her character on the shrewd stalker drama, who may well be the pouty, possessive poster child for the dangers of unbridled wealth and toxic co-dependency. You, which transitioned from Lifetime to Netflix in December, caught a wave of cultural attention as a sort of soapy love child of Dexter and Gossip Girl, starring Penn Badgley as a pretentious bookstore manager in Brooklyn who stalks an aspiring writer while simultaneously trying to woo her, thanks to ample help from an eager accomplice: social media. Bouncing between self-aware satire and millennial horror story, the series ultimately casts a villainous pall over all of its main characters. Occasionally, it comes across like an indictment of the internet itself, the way interest can fester into obsession under its watchful eye. There are two sides to every coin, every story, and every person.  BCBGMAXAZRIA dress, ALTUZARRA earrings, and VRAM rings High in the hills of hippie country, where talk of social media feels almost sacrilegious, I ask Mitchell what appealed to her about the role. “I thought it would be fun to play the bad girl, but mostly I was drawn to the show because it was so relevant.” Her soft-spoken tone is matter-of-fact. “That’s the state of social media in this day and age. Everything is a highlight reel, everything is smoke and mirrors, and what you see isn’t always what you get. I think that’s what You is trying to get across.”  It’s an idea that hits close to home for the Canadian-born actress and entrepreneur. She is best known for playing Emily on the dark teen drama Pretty Little Liars, which ran for seven years and accumulated a rabid social media fandom comprised of mainly young women. Mitchell herself has a hefty Instagram following (22.6 million, to be exact) and in 2014 launched a YouTube lifestyle channel where she regularly posts makeup tutorials, fitness routines, and cooking experiments, as well as her wildly popular travel series, Shaycation, which documents her passion for globetrotting via glossy, in-depth guides to exotic locales. Merging confessional footage with movie-quality cinematography, it’s easy to get sucked into these educational- meets-eye candy segments, and although you come for the gorgeous views and glam lodgings, you stay for Mitchell—her commentary slips easily between playful and profound, and her easygoing magnetism keeps the series grounded. She never takes herself too seriously, but her earnest enthusiasm for exploring other cultures feels earned. She is somehow both sides of the social media coin, both aspirational and relatable, both hashtag goals and hashtag me.  FENDI jacket and skirt, ZANA BAYNE belt, MONSE shoes and LAGOS rings. “When something’s too perfect, it’s not even aspirational, it’s annoying,” Mitchell sighs, closing her eyes as the makeup artist sweeps bronzer across her high cheekbones. “You can see beyond that. My Instagram photos are very heavily curated but my Instagram stories are very real—I like to give people both sides. When I post a photo, I’ll make sure to say, ‘This is the one good one out of 50,000!’ or show the glam team when I’m getting ready. If you want to filter yourself, awesome. If you want to change something about yourself, fine. Just be honest about it!”  It’s not exactly a rallying cry you hear often from celebrities, and it’s refreshing coming from a woman who understands the importance of a well-filtered photo and obviously enjoys the expertise of a well-stacked glam squad. I can tell early on in our conversation that honesty is something she thinks about often, as is toppling the cult of perfectionism that pervades celebrities and women in general. That’s why she started her YouTube channel, as a way to be open with her fans about her passions, her insecurities, her goofy sense of humor: “It’s like, if I can do this, you can do this. Let’s not take it too seriously. Nothing that I’m doing is perfect, and that’s what I want to get across.” She makes videos in order to satisfy her own seemingly endless curiosity, describing her channel as “a platform for me to learn and grow and share experiences, whether that’s traveling to a place I’ve never been or even just trying to do ASMR.” (For what it’s worth, the recent video of her and Internet celebrity Brettman Rock attempting ASMR—a genre of internet videos in which viewers search for sounds that trigger a frisson of pleasure—while eating spicy fried chicken and doing a makeup tutorial had me cackling gleefully.)  ALTUZARRA top, TIFFANY & CO. necklace, CHLOÉ necklace, LAGOS rings. Although she made a name for herself playing a teenage girl embroiled in an uncertain fate, Mitchell herself emanates a straight-shooting sense of self. Don’t confuse her for a wide- eyed starlet on the rise; she is a grown-ass woman who knows who she is and what she wants. And what does she want? She wants to play a superhero—maybe Jane Bond? “I want to do fight training. I wouldn’t even complain about the six hours of hair and makeup. I actually enjoy it.” She wants people to stop asking her what it was like to play two lesbian characters: “Would you say that to me if I played five straight roles in a row? Would you be like, ‘What was it like kissing another man?’ You wouldn’t. I don’t know why it’s even a topic of conversation. It’s like, ‘She had softer lips. And?’” She’s not exactly a party animal: “Honestly, there’s nothing that makes me happier than having a whole picnic on my bed. I don’t ever get FOMO of people going out, I get FOMO when I see my friends are at home in bed and I’m out. I’m like, ‘What are you watching? What are you eating? What popcorn is that?’” She sees how social media makes us feel less alone, but she wants us all to have a little more perspective: “If you don’t love it, don’t do it. The world is not going to end if you don’t post a YouTube video every Thursday. Your mental health is more important than your follower number will ever be. You shouldn’t exhaust yourself. Not doing this. There are single mothers working three jobs cleaning hotel rooms so yeah, you can complain, but I always pull myself out of it and say shut up.” She wants us to learn a thing or two from the Japanese: “I loved Kyoto. The peacefulness. The organization they live by. They were vacuuming the subway! I love how thought out everything is.” But the thing she wants most is to continue to travel the world, and parlay her experiences into her freshly launched travel brand, Béis.  Her voice swells with excitement when she talks about the travel accessories line, which arose organically as an extension of her Shaycation series. “Some people have their home base, but for me, wherever I am, I can make a home. I feel really comfortable being away, sometimes even more than I feel being home. I love traveling and I know what’s not out there and I know what I need. I spend hours of my life on a plane. People will ask, ‘How’d you think of that?’ Because I live it!” Béis’ first drop, which features chic backpacks, weekender bags, cosmetic cases, luggage tags, and passport covers, all in sleek neutrals and for less than $100, is an ode to her expertise as both a smart and stylish jetsetter: “There are a lot of things on the market that are absurdly overpriced. You don’t want to feel like you have to take care of your luggage with white gloves. I wanted to make people’s travels easier. I wanted it to be freeing.” She is quick to note that Béis is not a partnership nor a collab, but rather her own company that she built from the ground up—every product has her nod of approval. She has “little kid on Christmas” levels of excitement about their upcoming second drop, which will feature items such as a seatback pocket organizer that slips over the decidedly non-chic one found on most commercial airlines.  BCBGMAXAZRIA dress, VRAM earrings, and DIOR bracelet The brand itself feels like a love letter to the art and adventure of traveling, something Mitchell has been passionate about since she was a 17-year-old leaving her home in Canada to live in Bangkok for six months. “The education I got from being on the road and meeting different people and being uncomfortable allowed me to grow so much more. You can go to school and read all the books you want on different cultures but there’s nothing like living it and breathing the air and getting to talk to people who live there. You come back with such a different perspective. When I came back from India, I kissed the ground because I was so grateful we have running water! The littlest things become so apparent when you allow yourself to go experience how other people live. I think sometimes you get so caught up in this bubble of what you’re used to and you forget there’s a whole world out there. When you come back, it really balances your perspective.”  Striking a balance is something that Mitchell seems to have down to a science. Between social media and real life, between bare-faced and glam, between beauty and vulnerability—she is comfortable on both sides of the coin, all while being authentically, unapologetically herself.  After our interview, I stick around to watch a little of the photoshoot before heading back down the winding dirt road towards home. For the first shot, Mitchell stands on a grassy hillside so green it looks Photoshopped while the photographer sets up his equipment. In a flowing dress, her hair long and loose, her arms by her side, prisms of sunlight striping her face, she looks the part of a lady of the canyon. She clasps her hands at her heart and kicks her right leg straight up towards the sky, her face upturned to the sun. For two long seconds, it’s as if the whole canyon is watching. It’s as if the canyon itself is holding its breath. By the time she breaks the pose, everyone has pulled out their phones. Someone asks her to do it again. The spell is broken, but she obliges with a grin.  ﻿Photographed by The Saint  Styled by Mercedes Natalia at Tomlinson Management Group.  Hair: Jesus Guerrero.  Makeup: Ash Holm using Buxom at The Wall Group.    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017              After presenting an eye popping optic dream world of psychedelia through his collaboration with Danish artist Verner Panton, Dries Van Noten is now occupying Opening Ceremony LA’s Pop up shop for Spring/Summer 2019. Hosting a cocktail to celebrate the new collection, the cool kid approved store space showcasing large scale photos of Panton’s signature interiors. A perfect home for the menswear selection of allover print graphic outfits in the iconic wave and geometric infinity patterns. This is the first time the designer has collaborated with the Danish artist who has become synonymous with the OP-art and pop art movement of the 60’s and 70’s whose body of work continues to influence today’s art and design world. Photographed by: flying studio    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Chanel Fall/Winter 2019  Chanel Fall/Winter 2019  Chanel Fall/Winter 2019  Chanel Fall/Winter 2019  Chanel Fall/Winter 2019  Chanel Fall/Winter 2019  Chanel Fall/Winter 2019  Chanel Fall/Winter 2019  Chanel Fall/Winter 2019  Chanel Fall/Winter 2019 In the vast open air space of the Grand Palais now decorated with mini wooden Swiss chalets surrounded by the main cabin house ‘Chanel Gardenia’, giant panels displaying high mountaintops covered with snow and all fake white snow at least two inches thick on the ground, a minute of silence seemed a great deal longer to pause and remember Karl Lagerfeld who has led Chanel since 1983.  Apparently he declined the first offer thirty seven years ago but then accepted when the Chanel owners proposed a second time making fashion history in every way imaginable.  There was a moment of silence after a procession of ringing and chiming of small bells and then the voice of Karl Lagerfeld in an interview where he was asked about when he first joined the house as to why he would be willing to work at such a dusty fashion company. According to many experts at the time, the venture would simply never work to turn Chanel into a modern high fashion brand.  Obviously, the naysayers then were clearly and perhaps totally in the wrong.  The magic that Lagerfeld deployed over more than three and a half decades taking Chanel to the top of the fashion food chain has no comparison, his legacy is simply too numerous to start naming.  Lagerfeld created the business model for Chanel that now has become the standard bearer and more than anyone he had the innate understanding and the wisdom to change style way ahead of anyone and above all take the risks by bringing Chanel into the current conversation of fashion. Remember the surf collections for Spring Summer 1990 with Linda Evangelista in a blue sequin Chanel version of a scuba jacket and stretch surf shorts, Cindy Crawford in cut out denim for Spring Summer 1994, and Tatiana Patiz, Naomi Campbell, Cindy Crawford, and Christy Turlington in the Fall/Winter 1991 punk rock collection. Iconic with all these supermodels at the time on the runway all wearing clothes inspired directly from the underground and the subculture that at the time was revolutionary for a luxury house.   Today’s final tribute with a show consisted of just precisely seventy two looks about fifteen percent less than the usual mid eighties, something that might indicate that Viriginie Viard did not add additional looks to the ones she and Karl had worked on together as a team.   Cara Delevingne opened the show leading a small cast of models all wearing the new version of the traditional Chanel tweeds, this time tweeds upon tweeds upon tweeds, but each season acquired new shapes – the skirt of the tweed skirt-suit was now a pant and the entire silhouette was loose and roomy but not oversize like the white and black loose pants, blouse and large overcoat, charcoal grey double breasted coat with sweater and loose wool pants, or a matching grey and reddish brown wool checkered coat and pant with silk white blouse.  In fact there were very few of the usual tweed skirt-suit anywhere in sight – an aqua blue suit with below the knee skirt and a red biker jacket with a skirt. The loose silhouette is very much where fashion is now but done in the chic and elegant Chanel manner little compromise.  The leather hiking mountain boots with shearling tops anchored the alpine theme show of clothes for ‘elegant mountain dwellers’ but surely not exclusively them.  The strength of the outerwear lay mainly the variety of woolen coats – charcoal coats with over fold sleeve and collar, black and white tweed coat, or a red and blue windowpane and houndstooth stripes coats – all as shields for the mountain cold or for that matter city cold especially when there is a polar vortex. And for after ski, there was the simple khaki Nordic motif cardigan paired with loose wool pants as one of a few choices for those who chose just to hang out rather than ski.   Evening dressing was kept to a series of simple linear dresses with minimal embellishments, like those white chiffon dresses with mini patterns or that black cape with black vinyl pants and white silk blouse.  The actress and current Chanel campaign model Penélope Cruz wore a white tiered cashmere sweater with a white feather skirts and carried a white rose in her left hand as she led an all white segment of great evening ensembles that included perforated leather floral tops with feather short skirt or a simple cropped white pantsuit with silver belt and a large necklace in lieu of a blouse.   As to the agility of the Chanel brand to adopt street style but made them completely unique are the series of mixed tweed jackets, t-shirt blouse, skirt and skinny biker shorts just below the knees just like the way guys would wear tights underneath their shorts for a run or gym session.  This is somewhat unique to Chanel – the way Lagerfeld absorbed what’s current and make them totally Chanel in his own way.  For Lagerfeld’s final collection, this is not an exception but the rule.  I sat next to Stella Tenant who told me that, “Lagerfeld loved to break the rules because in doing so something new was created each time.” Surely that meant also the rules that have governed what a luxury brand represents.   It was indeed so fitting that the show ended in all majestic whites that encompassed both day and evening looks.  This gesture did not go unnoticed among the many Asians in the audience, myself included, that in Asia white is the color for funeral.  Alesso’s song ‘Heroes’ played as the audience stood for a standing ovation for a designer who always looked ahead and refused to look in the rear mirror to the past. In the white folder with photographs of the show looks was a sketch that Lagerfeld drew a while back with figures of himself and Coco Chanel with the caption ‘The beat goes on …” For the moment and perhaps during this long transition, the house current design director Virginie Viard has been appointed to take over the direction of the collections and that’s comforting to provide a stable platform for the future and for the continuity of the business.  But eventually and in the longer term, Chanel would need a new leader, one with foresight, one with design acuity and one with an acumen for sensing the changes in taste and desire in popular culture as creating fashion is much more than a firm command of craftsmanship.   Photos courtesy of Chanel Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    MIU MIU dress and belt.  MIU MIU dress and belt.  MIU MIU jacket and sweater.  CALVIN KLEIN JEANS sweatshirt and turtleneck, BROCK COLLECTION dress, and VANS shoes.  CALVIN KLEIN JEANS sweatshirt and turtleneck, BROCK COLLECTION dress, and VANS shoes.  CALVIN KLEIN JEANS sweatshirt and turtleneck, BROCK COLLECTION dress, VANS shoes and stylist’s own hat.  MIU MIU dress.  MIU MIU dress.  MIU MIU dress.  VIKA GAZINSKAYA sweater and MIU MIU dress. MIU MIU jacket, sweater, skirt, shoes, and socks It’s a family affair. upon meeting actress Thomasin McKenzie for our interview, I am also introduced to her parents and little sister, the lot of them blue-eyed and sporting charming New Zealand accents. As a journalist, interviewing actors can feel like a series of high-voltage blind dates. An absurd exchange of personal questions between two strangers; one of whom is assigned a book report of the interaction, the other never calls again. In this particular instance, it feels like we’ve skipped a few steps. I’m already meeting the parents. Maybe this is a different kind of date—I feel like a middle schooler being dropped off for a well-supervised afternoon with a friend.  The feeling remains as we wave goodbye to her folks. With her hair down and a big red heart printed on her shirt, the eighteen-year-old actress has a sort of sweetness about her, a youthful, adventurous vibe that makes me nostalgic for slumber parties and long summer days outdoors. Perhaps surprising, then, that she’s become known for roles that veer towards the intense and weighty, but the determination and thoughtfulness you can glimpse in her ice blue eyes explains it. “I like films that are gritty and raw and real,” she tells me. “Films that are intellectually challenging.”  MIU MIU dress, belt, and socks. Her first starring role, as “Tom” in last year’s Leave No Trace, directed by Debra Granik, certainly fits the bill. The story follows Tom and her father, a veteran suffering from PTSD (Ben Foster) who retreats from the chaos of the modern world to live life off the grid with his daughter. Their quiet existence is uprooted after they are discovered in the forest, and they try to preserve their sense of family as everything around them changes. McKenzie’s performance is subtle yet expansive in range. She is able to relay nuanced emotion in a character that speaks very little, though when she does speak, she sports a flawless American accent. “I was on set basically every single day for, like, five weeks,” she says. “So it was a lot of work. But it was such an incredible experience.”  McKenzie goes on to humbly reject my calling her the star of the film. “I never felt like I was the star of it,” she says. “I don’t know, I never thought about that side of things. I was just doing the job and being the character and having a good time doing it.” Though she’s a natural, clearly at home in front of the camera, she tells me that acting wasn’t always the dream. McKenzie grew up in the showbiz orbit. Her parents—the very ones I had just met inside—are writer/director Stuart McKenzie and actress/acting coach Miranda Harcourt. McKenzie is also the granddaughter of New Zealand actress Kate Harcourt, who has been on the silver screen since the early 1960’s and is still acting at the age of ninety-one.  VIKA GAZINSKAYA sweater and MIU MIU dress. Originally, McKenzie worked in cinema simply because it was the ol’ family business. She did voice overs and short films for pocket money, but growing up in the harbor city of Wellington, New Zealand, she was more concerned with her friends, playing the piano, and spending time in nature. “I was bored of it,” she confesses when I ask her about her perception of the industry as a child. “It was all ‘acting, acting, acting,’ and I was over it.” That was until McKenzie was cast in Consent: The Louise Nicholas Story. Thirteen at the time, she played a young Louise in the true account of her sexual assault. The gravity of the role challenged McKenzie in a way that made her change her view on acting. “I realized that I have such an amazing opportunity to make a difference and to tell important stories,” she tells me, her blue eyes shining as she recalls the moment.  That sense of excitement has only grown as she’s come into her own as an actress, moving from small parts to complex characters and leading roles. “I’ve just fallen in love with acting,” she continues. “I’ve fallen in love with having different experiences, turning into different people, and going places I would never go otherwise.” It was this change of heart, paired conveniently with a well of natural talent, that has led McKenzie to a point in her career where she has four films set to release in 2019 alone.  MIU MIU top, skirt, shoes, and socks. Settled at a table outside the cafe, McKenzie and I can still see her parents sitting inside through a window. I catch her father’s eye and we exchange a smile and a wave. “My parents have been a real guide for me through this whole journey, this acting journey,” McKenzie says. “I’m very lucky to have them. I’m lucky their jobs don’t require them to be in the office or anything.” McKenzie has even had the opportunity to work with her parents before. In 2017, she had a small role in The Changeover. Directed by her parents and based on the novel by Margaret Mahy, the film follows sixteen-year-old Laura (McKenzie) who discovers that she possesses supernatural abilities, and wields them against ancient evil forces who are besieging her brother. “We are hoping to work together again in the future,” McKenzie says. “We’re just trying to figure out if there’s a project out there that we want to work on.” At the time of our interview, McKenzie is finished filming for the moment, and she, her parents, and her little sister are soon returning to Wellington. But there will be plenty of opportunities to catch her in the near future, at least on the big screen—2019 promises to be her biggest year to date, a resounding vote of confidence from the Hollywood movers and shakers, a signal that a new star has arrived. Details on the projects are mostly limited to teasers, snippets of Variety gossip, and IMDB synopsies (I regretfully couldn’t score a screener), but we know she’ll be appearing alongside Timothée Chalamet, Robert Pattinson, Ben Mendelsohn, and Joel Edgerton in Netflix’s loose adaptation of Shakespeare’s King Henry plays; in the Liz Garbus-directed drama Lost Girls; sharing screen time with ScarJo and Sam Rockwell in Taiki Waititi’s WWII-era dark comedy Jojo Rabbit; and with Russel Crowe in The True History of the Kelly Gang.  VIKA GAZINSKAYA t-shirt, BROCK COLLECTION skirt, and HUNTER boots. The workload is exhausting to even contemplate, and now that she’s through it, the projects now in post, McKenzie is looking forward to a well-deserved vacation with her family. “I just want to relax,” McKenzie says, “and not feel like I have to do anything.” She’ll hang out with her friends, play the piano, spend some time in nature—a nice reprieve before getting back to the family business. She smiles at the thought, but there are still a few loose ends Stateside, this interview is only one example. At that, our “playdate” is over, mom and dad exiting the café to scoop her up for her next appointment. They say a cheerful goodbye, and the charming foursome head out the door. I half-wish I could join them in Wellington. Photographer: Keith Oshiro.  Stylist: Chris Horan a Tomlinson Management Group.  Hair: Bridget Brager using Herbal Essences at The Wall Group.  Makeup: Kara Yoshimoto Bua using Chanel At Star Works Group.  Manicure: Merrick Fisher using Chanel Le Vernis at Opus Beauty. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   PRADA turtleneck, shorts, and belt. Jogia, 26, has migrated vast distances since his popular roles of Beck Oliver in the Nickelodeon sitcom Victorious and Danny Desai in the ABC drama Twisted. The actor, writer, and director now plays the leading role on the STARZ comedy series Now Apocalypse (2019) and will appear in the upcoming reboot of Shaft (2019), as well as Zombieland: Double Tap (2019).  PRADA turtleneck, shorts, and belt. Is it true that when you moved to Los Angeles, you were given 6 months to land a role or you would’ve had to go back to school? I like timelines and due dates. I think without a deadline that you really respect, you can’t get anything done. If I had come out here and sort of didn’t know exactly that I had 6 months to get this done, I think I may have mingled around here for a few years and maybe tried it. I need the pressure of something forthcoming to really kick it into gear.  Alongside acting, you’re a director, a musician, and a poet, with a book of poems, Mixed Feelings, coming out later this year. What is the appeal of poetry for you in a world of moving images and digital communication? I’m glad that I direct and write and paint and do all the things that I do, because I don’t think I would feel nearly as fulfilled if I didn’t. As far as how appealing poetry is in a world of moving images and digital communication—pretty words and beautiful sentences will always be alluring. With all that use of words [on social media and texting] there is such a cheapness and impoverishment of pretty words and pretty language. I think the reason poetry is having a renaissance at the moment is because we are tired of boring words and people using words cheaply.  You play the lead role Ulysses in the STARZ series Now Apocalypse that takes a contemporary look at life and dating in Los Angeles. Does the world that the show portrays feel familiar to you? I think it’s sort of wild, it’s such an insane show with so many different elements. It’s a show that is very much to my taste in terms of its cinematic elements and editing. Gregg Araki has been ahead of the curve about what young youth culture is about. He is an integral part of the energies and questions that were being asked in the ’90s that we’re living in now. He is such an integral part of discussions on gender fluidity and sexual fluidity and questions of the binary and labels and identities. The show really benefits from his well-informed look at [these topics].  Read all the profiles from our collaboration with Prada: Brad Oberhofer Kelvin Harrison Jr Lucy Tcherniak Pippa Bianco Yalitza Aparicio Photographer: Carlos Serrao at Beauty and Photo.  Hair: Sheridan Ward using Orbie at Cloutier Remix.  Makeup: Kristin Hilton  using Hourglass Cosmetics at The Wall Group. Manicurist: Merrick Fisher using Chanel Le Vernis at Opus Beauty. Photographed at Hubble Studio Producer: Amy Ground.  Production Coordinator: Thalita Mangin.  Lighting Director: Ron Loepp.  Digital Tech: Damon Loble.  Cinematographer: Monica May.  Sound Design: Mey Chen.  Illustrator/ Collage Artist: Alice Isaac.  Assistant: Jacob Khan.  Grips: John Brunhold And Brian Beverly.  Electricians: Garrett Lara And Ernie Rosas.  Prop Designer: James Lear.  Prop Assistant: Wyndam Garnett.  Location: Hubble Studio, Los Angeles.  Post Production Stills: Rare Digital.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   PRADA top, shorts, and headband. Writer and director Pippa Bianco premiered her first feature-length film, Share, at the 2019 Sundance Film Festival after adapting it from her popular 2015 short by the same name. Bianco fearlessly tells stories she believes “have real moral concern,” stories full of questions she admits she doesn’t always have the answer to. On top of the success of Share, she’s also directed a documentary short on conceptual artist Barbara Kruger and debuted a film portrait of Kruger at LACMA in collaboration with Nicolas Jaar. Among other prizes, your short film Share (2015) won Cinéfondation’s First Prize at the Cannes Film Festival. What were the biggest challenges in adapting it into a feature-length film for its Sundance Film Festival premiere? Honestly fatigue. For me, filmmaking requires a certain level of monogamy (I envy artists who don’t work that way) and falling in love with one idea, and staying in love with it as you both evolve over time takes work and reinvention and devotion. But to me, that’s the only way I can to get to the meat or the heart of what’s really good about an idea. It’s easy for me to fall in love with a new idea—every new idea feels perfect—it’s when you dig in that you find the flaws and hardships and challenges, and that’s the moment that it’s very tempting for me to want to give up or bail to another new seemingly easier thing, but it’s actually those flaws that are the best part, if you sit with it. PRADA blouse, bodysuit, skirt, and headband Video leaks, cloud hacks, and revenge porn constantly circulate on the internet—anyone, like Mandy in Share, can have the most intimate aspects of their lives (consensual or not) broadcast to millions in an instant. How do you think this kind of vulnerability shapes our culture? You know, maybe I’m naive, but I’m not in a panic about privacy loss on a person-to-person level, because I don’t think it’s that new in certain ways. I think we need to legislate the parts that are new as fast as we can... but I think even those crimes are not that new and should have been given a better legal framework a long time ago. Basil Dearden’s Victim from 1961 is a beautiful exploration of how those kinds of crimes affected the queer community more than half a century ago. What is it about Barbara Kruger that made her a particularly resonant subject for your documentary about her work, Picturing Barbara Kruger? To me so much of Barbara Kruger’s work is about looking, about being seen, about media-making and reference, and power structures and structures of meaning and reinvention—and to me it all feels in service of deconstructing the way we receive ideas so we can better observe ourselves and the way we behave (and then maybe do something about it). I think these are themes that I think about a lot, and I am deeply inspired by the ethics and humanism I find in her work. Read all the profiles from our collaboration with Prada: Avan Jogia Brad Oberhofer Kelvin Harrison Jr Lucy Tcherniak Yalitza Aparicio Photographer: Carlos Serrao at Beauty and Photo.  Hair: Sheridan Ward using Orbie at Cloutier Remix.  Makeup: Kristin Hilton  using Hourglass Cosmetics at The Wall Group. Manicurist: Merrick Fisher using Chanel Le Vernis at Opus Beauty. Photographed at Hubble Studio Producer: Amy Ground.  Production Coordinator: Thalita Mangin.  Lighting Director: Ron Loepp.  Digital Tech: Damon Loble.  Cinematographer: Monica May.  Sound Design: Mey Chen.  Illustrator/ Collage Artist: Alice Isaac.  Assistant: Jacob Khan.  Grips: John Brunhold And Brian Beverly.  Electricians: Garrett Lara And Ernie Rosas.  Prop Designer: James Lear.  Prop Assistant: Wyndam Garnett.  Location: Hubble Studio, Los Angeles.  Post Production Stills: Rare Digital.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                With thousands of brands stretching across the entire globe, there is even more variety in the fashion designers at the head of these brands. Some of these designers worked to make their collections relevant to the younger generation by adopting the signs and signage from popular culture (aka streetwear) and evolved their brand’s ethos to mirror the fast changing taste. Designers working for high profile brands very often have to take into account their brand’s heritage and stylistic DNA codes to portray such recognizable house signatures. Embodying that very task, designer Demna Gvasalia pondered how to make the house’s heritage of creating odd and modernistic silhouettes as way to relate the clothes to the body. This can be shown in the broadening of the shoulder and by removing the waist of a dress to manipulate how the clothes contoured around the wearer’s curves and edges. The question is, what is a ‘real Parisian’ – not the Parisian from some imaginative magazine shoot but real Parisians today- wearing on a daily basis?  In this season’s stellar show for Balenciaga, Gvasalia focused on how “the patterns and shapes emblemize the daily activities – grocery shopping, commuting via motorbike, and going out after work,” he provided the clothes for each of those occasions:  Green shirt, jeans and brown shopping bags for the supermarket, black leather, sleeveless green nylon vest and jeans for the bike rides and perhaps a long light pink dress for going out after work.   After several seasons at the forefront of shaping street culture – the big ugly sneakers, the logo baseball cap, the logo anorak, sweatshirts and tee-shirts of course- Demna Gavsalia abandoned all the ingredients that has previously given Balenciaga the meteoric rise in the culture’s discourses as well as a firmer business footing to return to the house’s heritage. She has done so by posing questions about the construction of the clothes themselves and how to arrive at different solutions if a usual construction was altered in some manner (like shifting the shoulder upward in a mustard wool coat or reinventing the cocoon figure in today’s materials as nylon down coats or as a brown wraparound belted shearling coat).  Tailoring took center stage from pantsuits to coats ranging from rigid to loose structures inclusive of  all ages and genders.    The show began with a black tailored single breasted wool suit worn with a black blouse, and the shapes of the jackets and coats began to shift as shoulders were raised and broadened under the asphalt floor and strobe lighting overhead.  The very linear Balenciaga DNA is reflected in the series of floor length gabardine coats, or black and white gingham wool, or camel cashmere coats with exaggerated shoulders.  Several of the wool coats had multiple pleats in the front and the back to allow the volume to extend on the sides, yet still maintaining a sharp linear drop forward.  The hooded red coat or a black and white puffer coat with collar extending over the head provided the armor cloth to shield the person nearly entirely from the external world, a new form of cocooning that paid homage to the founder’s monastic and anonymous ethos.  In the 109 looks show, there was not one sneaker in sight- just leather square toe shoes and high boots.  It’s much less about the acumen to anticipate and foresee the changing of taste and desire.  It’s much less about the ability to create and follow trends because that may be good for short-term business.  The final series of velvet tee-blouse like a light green version with black pants or a dark blue with crystal beading dress with circular metallic neckline that seemed to lift the stretch velvet away and up from the body as an exercise of pure fashion with an experiment to construct a new garment where the yoke and the sleeves rested on the rigid circular mold around the front and back necklines.   There is a clear and strong sense of where things are and where the future is in this Balenciaga show that also boded for plenty of ideas that would spawn a lot of merchandises at retail.  These are the kinds of clothes that would resonate far beyond the Parisian women and men of all ages.  And in a world full of loud techno music noises and random flashing white and yellow lights (aka a dangerous world, perhaps), these garments may also offer some warmth and comfort as well.  Photos courtesy of Balenciaga Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017               “I went home for this collection, back to where I grew up in the North of England, surrounded by mills, towns and wild countryside. I took my team to those mills, to a landscape that I remember from my childhood. The heart of the collection is inspired by the bolts of cloth we saw woven both by man and machine,” said Sarah Burton in the show program placed on our seats, which were, in fact, rolls of different types of woven woolen fabrics. The dark navy, wool chalk, stripes roll that I sat on had identification markings on the trims woven in white capital letterings ‘BRITISH CLASSIC ALL WOOL MADE IN ENGLAND,” on the selvage of the cloth roll made by threading heddles, warping and wefting to combine worsted spun wool yarns, and double-blind finish to make the authentic, anthracite flannel cloths softened by the local water.  Devoid of any historical references to places and people that inspired and, perhaps at times, anchored her collection in the past where the clothes, while utterly impeccable, felt slightly like costumes rather than actual proposals for a women’s wardrobe, Burton relied this time on her instincts along with her skills at craft and tailoring for a stellar collection that verged on haute couture of precisely linear tailored suits with strong shoulder, defined waist, and added elements of asymmetry like a charcoal flannel coat with a side flap and often colorful deconstructed pleated dresses with floral prints from photography and post-punk posters. A silver heddle embroidered tulle dress was inspired directly from the heddle of the loom at the factories, with the laser-cut heddle sequins that when touched by others, as the model walked, recreated the sound of the loom in motion and the manner of embroideries placing the metal sequins and bugle beads in a mechanical pattern to mimic actual production sequences. One of the great suiting looks was a patchwork of dark navy pinstripe suit with a deconstructed canvas jacket, inspired by the archive sample books at the Huddersfield wool mills, which documented the fabrics for menswear, and the different shades of the white chalk striped reflected the various black and white photographs hung around different mills. There was a great black wool coat with the bottom section of asymmetrical lighter grey blankets sample cloth.   Despite all the handiwork, the collection felt light and airy like the red rose patterned taffeta gown anchored by a bodice and black leather waist belt with a full petal folds skirt, and a neckline which resembled the Red Roses of Lancaster from Lancastershire. Even the evening portion of dresses was kept to a minimum, with less ornamentation than in previous seasons like a navy blue corset draped dress. One of the more outstanding looks arrived towards the end of the show with a black tailored wool silk tuxedo with rose silk stain duchess draped petal sleeves.  What made the show powerful is the fact that Burton worked from her heart and each cut, each drape, each fold, and each asymmetrical pleat came from the emotion and the desire which goes into making clothes. Each of the 41 looks in the show reflected this spirit and conveyed this same emotion.  Photos courtesy of Alexander McQueen Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   PRADA coat, socks, shoes, and headband. Writer and director Lucy Tcherniak does not shy away from difficult subject matter. Where fires have burned and bombs have popped, Tcherniak finds a way make stories bloom from the rubble. She first gained attention with her short film Lay Me Down (2014) and has gone on to direct the critically acclaimed series The End of the F***ing World (2017) and Wanderlust (2018) for television.  PRADA blouse, bodysuit, skirt, belt, and headband. When conducting interviews to humanize your characters, how do you go about the process of getting subjects to open up to you?  I think going into research interviews with an open mind and trying not to have any preconceived ideas or judgements is key. The most important thing is to put someone at ease and really listen to them. I guess it’s kind of similar to how I like to work with actors and crew on set. For me, the most successful creative collaborations are when egos are left behind and everybody’s heard.  One of the most talked-about episodes of Netflix’s Wanderlust was the fifth episode, which you directed, where Joy visits her therapist Angela. The two share the screen for the majority of the episode, almost the length of a real- life therapy session. How did you keep the energy throughout such an intense and intimate scene? What was the filming process like?  That episode was like nothing else I’d ever shot before. Thankfully, I had Nick Payne’s brilliant writing and the incredibly talented Toni Collette and Sophie Okonedo on my side. It’s such a long, complex and emotionally draining scene. I worked closely with Toni and Sophie during prep to find natural divisions between emotional beats, but during the shoot we often found it was working better for them to keep going longer than planned. We were sometimes doing 15 or even 20 minute takes! I had to balance this unconventional shooting approach with the very particular way I wanted to use the camera, gradually zeroing in on Toni’s character Joy, as her therapist does the same.  Can you tell us anything about the upcoming feature you’re working on?  Only that it was one of those rare scripts that leapt off the page for me as soon as I read it. It’s a truly wild and compelling story and I’m very excited to be telling it, all the more so because Julianne Moore will be playing the lead. I’ve forever been such a fan of hers, so I’m feeling incredibly lucky to be working with her on my first feature.  Read all the profiles from our collaboration with Prada: Avan Jogia Brad Oberhofer Kelvin Harrison Jr Pippa Bianco Yalitza Aparicio Photographer: Carlos Serrao at Beauty and Photo.  Hair: Sheridan Ward using Orbie at Cloutier Remix.  Makeup: Kristin Hilton  using Hourglass Cosmetics at The Wall Group. Manicurist: Merrick Fisher using Chanel Le Vernis at Opus Beauty. Photographed at Hubble Studio Producer: Amy Ground.  Production Coordinator: Thalita Mangin.  Lighting Director: Ron Loepp.  Digital Tech: Damon Loble.  Cinematographer: Monica May.  Sound Design: Mey Chen.  Illustrator/ Collage Artist: Alice Isaac.  Assistant: Jacob Khan.  Grips: John Brunhold And Brian Beverly.  Electricians: Garrett Lara And Ernie Rosas.  Prop Designer: James Lear.  Prop Assistant: Wyndam Garnett.  Location: Hubble Studio, Los Angeles.  Post Production Stills: Rare Digital.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   PRADA turtleneck, shorts, and bag. While only 24, Harrison has stood out from the crowd with a prolific streak of acclaimed roles, including Travis in the 2017 horror film It Comes at Night and Weeks in Dee Rees’ Mudbound. His ascent continues in 2019 with a slew of projects, including the films Luce, The Wolf Hour, Gully, and the T.V. series The Godfather of Harlem.  PRADA turtleneck, pants, socks, shoes, and sunglasses. Besides your natural talent for acting, we read you’re quite the accomplished trumpeter and pianist, and that music is a family tradition.My mom’s a jazz vocalist and my dad’s a jazz saxophonist, so music is a huge part of my family. My uncle, my cousins, almost everyone in my family plays music to some extent, so it was something that naturally happened. I played piano in the church, and music was a huge part of my upbringing. My dad wanted me to be a musician because we have connections and we understand the art form in the world, so it was something that felt fixed. So to derail from that path and start acting felt like a bold step.  Your latest film, Luce, about an adopted boy from Eritrea living in America debuted at this year’s Sundance Film Festival. Why is Luce Edgar’s story such an important one to tell? What was the biggest take away from playing the character?At first I had a lot of questions, because I judged the character. And you can’t judge the character or else you won’t be able to play the role. But I was like, why would this kid have such a vendetta? Why is he so angry? Then I started to peel back the layers and it was such a fascinating exploration of what it feels like to be a young man from another country, trying to find his place in America. [Luce] has been asked to take away pieces of himself to become who he needs to be to find some type of equality in a world that doesn’t necessarily offer that to him as a black man in America. That was interesting to me, and that’s what I kind of wanted to explore. I identify with his struggle to protect his identity.  PRADA turtleneck, shorts, socks, shoes, and bag. It seems like you’re taking on some pretty heavy, rewarding roles. It also seems like the process of becoming these characters is a big driver of empathy for you. Would you say that acting helps facilitate that empathetic connection?When I look at scripts I’m always like, ‘What do I have to offer, what can I learn from this?’ If I can learn something from it, then I believe other people will too. That’s how I approach it. If it seems really simple, at the end of the day, it’s about expanding the level of empathy that I have for the world. I love acting. It’s all good and fun, but it’s for a purpose. If it’s not for a purpose, then what would I be doing?  Read all the profiles from our collaboration with Prada: Avan Jogia Brad Oberhofer Lucy Tcherniak Pippa Bianco Yalitza Aparicio Photographer: Carlos Serrao at Beauty and Photo.  Hair: Sheridan Ward using Orbie at Cloutier Remix.  Makeup: Kristin Hilton  using Hourglass Cosmetics at The Wall Group. Manicurist: Merrick Fisher using Chanel Le Vernis at Opus Beauty. Photographed at Hubble Studio Producer: Amy Ground.  Production Coordinator: Thalita Mangin.  Lighting Director: Ron Loepp.  Digital Tech: Damon Loble.  Cinematographer: Monica May.  Sound Design: Mey Chen.  Illustrator/ Collage Artist: Alice Isaac.  Assistant: Jacob Khan.  Grips: John Brunhold And Brian Beverly.  Electricians: Garrett Lara And Ernie Rosas.  Prop Designer: James Lear.  Prop Assistant: Wyndam Garnett.  Location: Hubble Studio, Los Angeles.  Post Production Stills: Rare Digital.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Celine Fall/Winter 2019  Celine Fall/Winter 2019  Celine Fall/Winter 2019  Celine Fall/Winter 2019  Celine Fall/Winter 2019  Celine Fall/Winter 2019  Celine Fall/Winter 2019  Celine Fall/Winter 2019  Celine Fall/Winter 2019  Celine Fall/Winter 2019 Change is essential to fashion.  In last season’s debut for Celine, Hedi Slimane brought his trademark signatures of the late night rockers looks worn by the young Parisians on their night outings, the kind of clothes that he had carefully and selectively fine tuned in his short stay at Saint Laurent where he not only turn a great fortune for the brand but more importantly he firmly established the ‘Slimane aesthetics’ that became so ingrained not just in fashion but in the wider cultural arena. But on a late Friday evening inside a vast tent at Place Vauban just behind the golden dome of the Hôtel des Invalides, Hedi Slimane turned the page on his greatest hits of the past, just like he did at the men’s show in January where the soft styles of British youths took the limelight, to bring forth a new aesthetics for the Celine women that was simply just understated chic.  And that was actually radical and a brand new beginning both in terms of aesthetics and business. Hedi Slimane ushered in a new era at Celine in his own manner: an rectangular glass box with a sort of conceptual living room was moved forward and lowered to the ground level allowing the model who had stood still like she was readied to move out into the world wearing a loose black wool jacket, a white blouse, a belted multi pleats loose knee length short pants, a print silk scarf and black leather thigh high boots to step onto the runway to open the show. An original score by Caen band Embrasse Moi’s ‘Les écrans allumées’ that played throughout the entire show. This opening look set the tempo for the rest of the show where the aesthetics of the clothes diverged entirely from Slimane’s show last September when he captured both attention and criticism for showing the styles he left off at Saint Laurent in 2016.  Now the clothes followed a change in popular taste with the diminishing prominence of street wear at the forefront of luxury fashion in the last five years with a return to tailoring and clothes devoid of logos and statements. This shift in the last year or less is significant as popular desire and taste continue to evolve causing designers to sense and foresee these hints of changes before they become more widespread. Just as he had done in the past at Yves Saint Laurent Rive Gauche Homme, then Dior Homme and Saint Laurent, Slimane firmly establish an overarching aesthetics and surrounded this aura with incredible clothes that became cult hits at retail.  I remembered seeing his first show for YSL men on a January 1997 morning a day after the official calendar had ended in a small meeting room at the Maison de la Chimie and was taken in by how he had honed in a specific and crystal clear vision on dress and taste that was very different from prevailing trends at the time.  For the Celine the brand founded in 1945 by Céline Vipiana to provide clothes and accessories to a new group of rising upper middle class French women following the war thus cultivating the image of a fashion provider to the French bourgeoisie. Owned by LVMH since 1996, Celine underwent several transformations under various designers but the brand is known principally under the ten year reign of the designer Phoebe Philo who made the products high and trendy fashion.  A storm of debate raged at Slimane’s debut with many opined that the designer did little to move forward from his own signature trademarks.  But like watching a long series on Netflix, each new episode began with a quick reprise of the past to remind the audience of where and how and what had transpired. It was like Slimane wanted to own his territory again before moving on to the current episode.  Here in this fall show is the suggestion of an entire wardrobe for women from the grey pantsuit with beige turtleneck, cashmere cape with washed jeans, khaki trench with long plaid skirt and white blouse, long shearling bomber with plaid short pants, gold sequins cardigan with blue bow blouse and plaid pants, silk print dress with black coat, or black wool long dress – clothes that yearned less for attention grabbing than channeling a non-challant attitude.  Many of the looks were paired with small handbags carried on the models’ shoulders in a way to kind of hide them behind the girls’ arms tucked into the pants or coat pockets.   Photos courtesy of Celine Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                   Several major events happened at the Balmain show on a cloudy, Friday afternoon. First, the show locale had been moved to the outskirts of Paris, past Porte de Champaret, in a vast industrial event space with grey cement floor. Secondly, the collection that Olivier Rousteing showed was one of his most mature collection to date, because not only did he leave behind his past fond attachments to anything sparkling with massive shoulders, and as short as possible to maximize the leg’s exposure. Now, in lieu of all that fun, which seemed like a distant past, Rousteing instead offered a sober collection, where the range of clothing choices were vastly more comprehensive than in past seasons.  Possibly because of his debut haute couture in January, where he could be much more experimental and where he could now take much more risks and perhaps taken off some of the more embellished clothes he felt were necessary in the past for ready-to-wear.  In the spirit of providing a new template for the Balmain women, and the Balmain Army of fans, Rousteing softened his signature silhouettes yet still retained some of his trademarks – pronounced broad shoulders and subtle embroideries – and, on the whole, made the clothes friendlier, for the most part, saved perhaps for the leather short dress with metal spikes everywhere, fashioned for the most rebellious girl in the army. Oh, and on the subject of metal spikes, they appeared on boots, biker jackets, bags, hats, on transparent trenches, and even appeared on jackets.   The opening look-an oversized blazer, with metal studs falling off the shoulders paired with a metal mesh tank and a matching skirt with feather trims-led the way for a less in-your-face sex appeal than recent seasons, with a softer silhouette which permeated throughout the show-especially with the washed denims paired with double-breasted jacket, with green crushed velvet blouson, or with an embroidered string skirt. There were plenty of great clothes-sweaters, bikers, cargo pants, coats, vests, corsets, capes, or suits-that were more approachable and feel a bit less precious than they were in the past.   Perhaps his foray into couture has taught him about the value of craftsmanship, and how that diligent and artisanal work has permeated throughout the collection shown. This telegraphed a different set of values than the quick Instagram moment which the designer had a hand in creating for Balmain. Now his audience would have to look closer at the value of the clothes they are purchasing and understand that luxury clothes mean a time-consuming process of manufacturing by using the best available material.   Yet even with this excursion to amplify the collection of clothes for his customers, Rousteing restrained any temptations to merge some portion of streetwear which has shown up in bits and pieces over the past few seasons but wasn’t anywhere present on this season’s runway. The collection contained the strong signatures but was devoid of some of the logo garments. Even the washed denim looked very polished and not something seen in streetwear. It was wise to move on from street influences when that wind is winding down.   Photos courtesy of Balmain             Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   PRADA turtleneck, pants, socks, and shoes. Brad is the lead singer of the band Oberhofer. If you didn’t catch them a few years ago crooning in the desert winds at Coachella, surely you’ve heard their pop/surf rock rhythms soundtracked in shows like Gossip Girl, Teen Wolf, and BoJack Horseman. On top of the band’s success, Oberhofer, the man, composed the T.V. show Alone Together (2018) and recorded a soundtrack for the film Table 19 (2017).  PRADA turtleneck and pants. Your band Oberhofer has had so many songs featured on T.V. shows, commercials, and in film. Why do you think the band’s sound has paired so well as a soundtrack to the screen?  I have a terrible short term memory. Usually I can only finish working on a song if its melody makes its way thoroughly into my subconscious and is stuck in my head until I finish it. That may explain its commercial usage, maybe it gets stuck in other people’s heads too.  What is your favorite aspect of composing scores for film and television? What’s the most difficult part?Music directly manipulates the emotional subconscious, I would argue more overtly than most other artistic mediums. Composers take on a lot of moral responsibility; you could manipulate someone into loving a terrible mind-numbing medication through well-strategized background music, or you could motivate someone to fight for better education, or to advocate for something you find to be morally just. This is both my favorite aspect and the most difficult aspect of composing for film, TV, and commercials. Your morals as an individual directly affect the stance the music in your score takes, whether it be in support of a protagonist or to empathize with a villain. I take this responsibility seriously.  Which scene did you most enjoy scoring for Alone Together? And recording for Table 19? In Alone Together, there’s a hilarious scene in which Ester asks to drive Dean’s car, he responds with “Do you know how to drive a seven-speed, dual-clutch transmission?” and they race to find Benji. It was fun to see such macho music placed to such a funny scene.  In Table 19, my favorite scene to work on was the ending, where I covered “Melt With You” while Craig Robinson, Lisa Kudrow, Stephen Merchant, Anna Kendrick, Wyatt Russell, and Tony Revolori were all dancing together after the wedding. The whole cast was incredible to be around.  Read all the profiles from our collaboration with Prada: Avan Jogia Kelvin Harrison Jr Lucy Tcherniak Pippa Bianco Yalitza Aparicio Photographer: Carlos Serrao at Beauty and Photo.  Hair: Sheridan Ward using Orbie at Cloutier Remix.  Makeup: Kristin Hilton  using Hourglass Cosmetics at The Wall Group. Manicurist: Merrick Fisher using Chanel Le Vernis at Opus Beauty. Photographed at Hubble Studio Producer: Amy Ground.  Production Coordinator: Thalita Mangin.  Lighting Director: Ron Loepp.  Digital Tech: Damon Loble.  Cinematographer: Monica May.  Sound Design: Mey Chen.  Illustrator/ Collage Artist: Alice Isaac.  Assistant: Jacob Khan.  Grips: John Brunhold And Brian Beverly.  Electricians: Garrett Lara And Ernie Rosas.  Prop Designer: James Lear.  Prop Assistant: Wyndam Garnett.  Location: Hubble Studio, Los Angeles.  Post Production Stills: Rare Digital.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   PRADA blouse, bodysuit, skirt, and headband. Freshly nominated for an Academy Award for her performance in the Alfonso Cuarón film Roma, Yalitza Aparicio has the world watching her journey from educator in Oaxaca to an international movie star, fluttering with magnanimity and humbleness in a sky of Hollywood hawks.  PRADA dress, shirt, handbag, and headband. What surprised you most about the filmmaking process once you were on set? Was Alfonso Cuarón a helpful guide through the process? Alfonso was a great teacher and he helped me at every moment during the shoot; he instilled confidence in me and he taught me about a capacity that I had within me, which I was unaware existed.  What was your favorite scene to film in Roma? What made it memorable? Was there a particularly difficult scene to film?  My favorite was with Sofi (Daniela Demesa) when I am singing a lullaby to her and the song I sing is in Mixtec and that she, without knowing the song, learned it. The hardest scene was the beach scene.  You’ve said on the red carpet and in interviews that you’d like to start doing some training as an actor. What kind of roles would you be inspired to play in the future? I would like to play women from the real world.  What has it been like to go through such a life-changing experience so quickly? Do you feel you’ve adjusted to the attention, or is it still surprising? How have your family and friends responded? I am still surprised and I still get bashful when people recognize me. My family is very happy for me, they always ask me to give the best of myself. And my friends congratulate me and really like seeing me on screen; they feel they are triumphing alongside of me.  You are the first Indigenous woman to be nominated in the best actress category for an Oscar. In the Times, you spoke about the potential nomination as something that would go beyond a personal achievement for you alone. What is the greater significance of the nomination? To break certain barriers despite the stereotypes. This nomination proves that dreams are within reach. Read all the profiles from our collaboration with Prada: Avan Jogia Brad Oberhofer Kelvin Harrison Jr Lucy Tcherniak Pippa Bianco  Photographer: Carlos Serrao at Beauty and Photo.  Hair: Sheridan Ward using Orbie at Cloutier Remix.  Makeup: Kristin Hilton  using Hourglass Cosmetics at The Wall Group. Manicurist: Merrick Fisher using Chanel Le Vernis at Opus Beauty. Photographed at Hubble Studio Producer: Amy Ground.  Production Coordinator: Thalita Mangin.  Lighting Director: Ron Loepp.  Digital Tech: Damon Loble.  Cinematographer: Monica May.  Sound Design: Mey Chen.  Illustrator/ Collage Artist: Alice Isaac.  Assistant: Jacob Khan.  Grips: John Brunhold And Brian Beverly.  Electricians: Garrett Lara And Ernie Rosas.  Prop Designer: James Lear.  Prop Assistant: Wyndam Garnett.  Location: Hubble Studio, Los Angeles.  Post Production Stills: Rare Digital. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                                          We claimed a space of our own amidst the dramz, drinks, and dazzling dresses deep in the mix of fashion month, when all eyes are on Paris (and how she shined!) It was a particularly cinematic evening in the city of lights, made all the more memorable with a glittering celebration of The Elemental Issue hosted by the ever-babely Caroline Daur at the timelessly elegant Hôtel Plaza Athénée. We filled our flutes from waterfalls of champagne and bumped shoulders with a transatlantic cadre of beauties, looking like they hopped straight from the catwalks to the club floor. Familiar faces included Flaunt faves Iman Perez, Cesar Domboy, Caroline Vreeland, and James Goldstein among many others moving and shaking to tunes from DJ Zoe Gitter from the girl gang Les Filles and Mo Laudi of Globalisto. We’ll catch our z’s on the plane. Photos by Matthew Bedard and Bil Brown Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                In a continuation of his men’s show in late June, Rick Owens paid homage to Larry Legaspi, the creator of the silver and black space-sleaze looks for Labelle and Kiss in the 1970’s, with a book to be published in October when the fall clothes will be at the stores.  Owens stated that Legaspi “introduced a camp ferocity to the mainstream and help set a lot of kids like me free, with his mix of Art Deco sexual ambiguity and raw, black leather bombast.  There was a sweaty elegance to his vision that stayed with me.” That memory of the ‘sweaty elegance’ and of the Legaspi legacy showed up in black and silver degrade print on duvet duffer coats, scarves, and bleach denims as well as some of the lightning bolt flash signs as charms on accessories and bags and long duffles.   It was a tremendous show of force for the many signatures that Rick Owens has nurtured over the years, but at times obscure some of his best work with complicated large coats sometimes dangling amorphously over simple column dresses that were hidden beneath layers of felt wool and shearling cloths.  This time Owens gave a balance of great clothes to wear with a quotient of his own signature twists of fashion in a demonstration that started with the first few opening looks of his tailoring skills at the forefront – a black wool coat with pagoda shoulders, worn with a stretch bodysuit with twist curls, a black long single breasted wool coat draping over the legs, and a mustard gold high shoulder long coat with large leather patch pockets –  all paired with those glam rock, a bit of raw sex appeal shown through with the various snap crotch stretch maillot bodysuits. Bodysuits were paired with tank tops or under silver horsehair blousons, which along with the iterations of short shearling coats were probably some of the best designed shearlings blousons around.  Owens has no rivals when it comes to his work on leather and shearlings.   Owens was in a new mood that started with the men’s fall show. Here the designer went further to celebrate beauty in a way that has not been apparent in his last several shows, including last season Tower of Babel.  The work done with the dresses in the show was very detailed and from afar, one can easily tell it’s a Rick Owens garment – a white jersey dress that wrap around the body revealing a little bit of skin here and there, a red jersey asymmetrical sleeves long dress with split at the knees or a violet long jersey dress with one raised shoulder and side drapes.  Furthermore these dresses are both sexy and romantic, not really adjectives to describe Owens clothes.  But there they are and that sex appeal even included a red bodysuit worn under a perfectly tailored mannish grey wool coat. What was great to see is how in these last two shows, Owens has taken a great leap forward both in the conceptualization of his shows and in the execution of the clothes. Images courtesy of Owenscorp  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017           Artistic/Creative Director Maria Grazia Chiuri explores one of Britain’s first subcultures for Dior’s ready-to-wear Autumn/Winter 2019 collection.  The collection pays respect to Britain’s Teddy Girls - the female counterpoint to Teddy Boys - rediscovered in Edwardian-style men’s jackets with velvet scarves, abundant skirts, and black leather jackets. Captured is England’s well-sought after mix of elegance and rebellion through Chiuri’s rediscovery of the richness found within the house codes. Go behind the scenes with Dior to hear the artisans behind the stunning collection speak on their personal style and clothing choices.  Photos and video courtesy of Dior. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    VALENTINO shirt, pants and shoes.  LOUIS VUITTON vest, shirt, pants, and shoes. CALVIN KLEIN JEANS tank top, jeans, boots, and belt. Remember, in 2013, when Obama was president, and Miley Cyrus released “Wrecking Ball,” and everybody—and I mean everybody—was doing the Harlem Shake?  The song shouts out “Con Los Terroristas,” and someone’s hips awkwardly gyrate to an ascending beat. Then, after about fifteen seconds, the beat drops, the video cuts, more people enter the frame and they collectively lose their minds. Dressed up in costumes, people flail and do what some might call dancing. After a short but sometimes unwatchable ten seconds of madness, it’s over.  If you were a person on the Internet at the time, odds are you watched the videos. You might have even made your own. Rewatching them now reaches ice-bucket-challenge-levels of cringeworthiness—but in 2013, we couldn’t get enough, and the videos have hundreds of millions of views to prove it.  VALENTINO shirt The person we have to thank for the viral trend used to go by Filthy Frank. Early in 2013, he took the song by Bauuer from the previous August, dressed up in a pink spandex bodysuit along with three other people, and created the viral dance.  Filthy Frank wasn’t exactly a one hit wonder either. He amassed 6.1 million YouTube followers and over 800 million views across his videos. Many of his videos, much like the Harlem Shake, are hard to watch now, with titles like “One Direction Fan Commits Suicide #Cut4Zayn,” or videos of him cooking a dead rat. The channel’s description says that Filthy Frank is “the embodiment of everything a person should not be,” and emphasizes that the account is parodic. Whether or not the parody was effective is a different conversation, but what’s interesting about Filthy Frank is that as his contemporaries found themselves down alt-right rabbit holes, as others struggled to maintain YouTube fame, he took a different path. He rebranded, became Joji, and started to release good music—so good that Time Magazine named his song “YEAH RIGHT” the 4th best of 2018.  GUESS Jeans U.S.A. x PLACES+FACES raincoat and GUESS t-shirt. * * *If Filthy Frank was provocative, stoking the culture wars under the guise of comedy, Joji—whose legal name is George Miller—seems to be the opposite. In interviews he’s relaxed, friendly, and calm. He talks like the guy who you know who wears a lot of Supreme. His songs are less for dancing and more for driving alone on a summer night with your windows down. His first full-length album, BALLADS 1, which was released in October, is instrumental, lo-fi, and moody. He made it when he was having health issues. “It was a way for me to distract myself,” he tells me over the phone. He hopes it helps distract anyone listening who needs it.  Joji named his album “BALLADS 1” because, to him, “ballads, the big ones, they’re just timeless. They transcend language. Celine Dion is huge in Asia. No matter where you are, people know the lyrics to her songs.” A musical omnivore, his influences range from Etta James to Aerosmith. Born and raised in Japan, Joji says ballads were a huge part of his musical education. “An Aerosmith song, like ‘I Don’t Want To Miss a Thing,’ that’s on every Karaoke box.” He was so inspired that he decided to dabble in the form himself.  DSQUARED2 jacket, shirt, pants, and shoes. And maybe Joji’s onto something. BALLADS 1 was the first album by an Asian artist to ever reach Billboard #1 for Hip Hop and R&B. Joji’s label, 88rising, which released the album, represents primarily Asian artists, including other ascending talents like Niki, Rich Brian, and Keith Ape. “The ones that sound cinematic and bigger, I wanted to bring back the ballad concept,” he explains, “but with a touch of the sauce.”  The “sauce” that Joji brings feels like a recipe that’s still simmering. It’s not that Joji is new to (a particular type of) stardom, but rather that his work now is so different from his previous persona that it still feels like he is evolving. Like Filthy Frank, he tells me that “Joji is definitely a character, but as close as it’s been so far to myself.” On much of BALLADS 1, Joji sings of love and heartbreak and not fully understanding your own feelings—stuff most twenty-six year olds feel. And there’s a definite sense that Joji is growing up, pranks on Youtube swapped for songs like “SLOW DANCING IN THE DARK,” a single from the album. On the song, he’s still trying to figure it all out, singing, Give me reasons we should be complete / You should be with him, I can’t compete. On “ATTENTION,” he asks, Girl, would it kill you just to throw a little bit of attention? / If I hurt you, I’m afraid God’s gonna teach me a lesson. Rather than trolling, he’s speaking honestly about his own emotions and experiences. MOSCHINO jacket and pants and KYLE’LYK shirt. While his first EP “was done in a bedroom,” “BALLADS 1,” he says, “was a little more social.” “I spent a lot of time just going in on beats, and then we would go to the studio and hang out, fuck around in the booth.” The collaborations on the album, with people like Clams Casino and Shlohmo, “just came from sessions that we didn’t really expect to get anything out of.” But spontaneity shouldn’t be dismissed as a lack of work ethic. “There was a two month period where we were ina room with no windows working on the album,” he says. The result is such a marked departure from his previous releases that many people who listen to his songs have no idea that they come from a character they’ve more than likely previously seen on YouTube. Not everyone has reacted positively to the transformation, though. Vox chided, “Joji is a music project so generically hipster that it should be sold bundled with a flannel and knit cap.” They claim he’s essentially rebranded himself as a “quirky, totally chill bro,” even though he “profited off of cruel humor.” But Joji, characteristically, seems unbothered by the people who criticize the transformation. Their comments don’t phase him, he tells me, because they don’t have the full picture. “They might know one thing, but it doesn’t really matter. That’s what makes this whole thing pretty crazy,” he says. PRADA top. ***In a now deleted Youtube video, Joji got on screen and had a conversation with Filthy Frank. He takes a deep breath and says, “Frank, I love you man, but you’re a stressful motherfucker. All you do is you just push and push and push, and that’s fine to an extent, but it affects your health and my health.” In the clip, Joji and Frank get into a fight, and it ends with Joji saying, “I’m fucking out of here man.” The screen changes to announce Frank’s death, reading “Filthy Frank 2011-2017.” This seemed like his way of putting that part of his past behind him. Around the same time, Joji released his EP In Tongues, then a year later, BALLADS 1. “At the end of the day, that was just a totally different thing, it was just having fun,” Joji tells me. Filthy Frank, he says, “was good practice.” “I’ll admit, I played the character pretty well, and that’s what makes this whole Joji thing pretty crazy, like, woah—this guy is this guy.” Despite the changes and evolutions he’s undergone, one thing remains constant: Joji is still having fun. He just finished a European tour, and is getting ready for his first US headlining tour. As our conversation winds down, I ask him what lies ahead. His answer is fittingly elusive. He laughs, and I can hear his smirk through the phone, a bit of the prankster still in him. “An unaimed arrow never misses.” Photographer: William Lords.  Stylist: Newheart Ohanian.  Hair: Junya Nakashima using Bumble And Bumble.  Groomer: Moises Ramirez using M.A.C Cosmetics.  Styling Assistant: Zhen Domanskiy.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                                          Photos courtesy of Chloé Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    HARDWARE LDN coat, pants, and hat, AGENT PROVOCATEUR top, STUART WEITZMAN shoes, and vintage choker.  HARDWARE LDN top and pants, vintage belt available at Squaresville. We all live and love in  the consumeristic fast lane, and in this hyper-connected digital delirium, even the most curmudgeonly among us can’t help but snap and share a selfie here and there. Sophia Esperanza has managed to flourish in the Brave New World we’re all living in, though for the Texas-born girl any clichés of the “vapid influencer” do not apply. She has managed to stay true to herself as she has navigated the social media plane, while wielding her ever-increasing follower count for good rather than evil, promoting causes that are important to her and to the world at large, including veganism, the ethical treatment of animals, and care for the environment.  HARDWARE LDN dress and SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO bodysuit. The influencer and model first established herself in the fitness realm before taking on the planet. But as she explains, care for our fellow creatures was an instinct from the outset. “It was all based around fitness at first... But when I went vegan, I did it purely out of compassion—nothing for my health, nothing for the environment, purely for animals. Then when I started to become friends with some of the top environmentalists and environmentalist photographers in the world, I started to realize that when you don’t eat animal products you don’t contribute to one of the biggest portions of greenhouse emissions that’s killing our planet, which is causing global warming.” Her digital activism is well informed, and she often cites peer-reviewed journals from Harvard and Duke, or chilling data from the U.N. report on climate change. “We have 12 years to act on climate change before the world as we know it is lost,” she tells me, and her passion is contagious. I can’t help but feel compelled to look at my own decisions.  It is with this conviction that Esperanza has united her interests with her lifestyle, which she then shares with her 2.4 million followers, demonstrating that health, beauty, fitness, compassion, and environmental stewardship can all be united. Through her popular vlog she opened up a dialog on body dysmorphia, as seen in a captivating video post where she recounts her decision to remove her breast implants. It was during her time becoming a doctor that her life took a turn towards activism. Switching from budding dermatologist to Instagram celebrity is a distinctly unique career shift, but then again, very little about Esperanza is ordinary. “I was going to school to be a doctor in Houston. I was going to be a dermatologist because after going to different doctors for ten years with no one being able to help me with my skin issues, I was like, ‘Well, I’m just going to go become a doctor and help myself.’ But three years into that I realized that everything is just so heavily pharmaceutical-based, and I don’t want to be a modern day drug dealer.”  SECTEUR 6 shirt and shorts and HARDWARE LDN bodysuit and biker shorts. As Esperanza continues to expand her ambitions into the realm of acting, we can rest assured that she won’t veer from her commitment to help make the world a better place. As she explains, “With acting, it’s a great step to be able to do something that doesn’t contribute to waste, and then to be able to raise funds, either with an existing organization or one that I create myself where, through and through, the money that’s raised doesn’t come from harming the planet at all.” She’s a rare case in the world of celebrity, where you feel that as her star rises, the planet directly benefits. As we finish our conversation, I realize that in her focus on her causes, I didn’t even get to the cutesy standard-issue profile questions. I mention this, and Esperanza laughs. “I feel when a lot of people are interviewed it’s so uplifting and happy, like, ‘What do you like to do for fun?’ or ‘What’s your favorite yoga class?’ While mine is, basically, ‘The planet is dying.’” Perhaps, with influential people like Esperanza dedicating themselves to the cause, that won’t have to be a certainty.  Photographer: Bil Brown. Stylist Jessica Horwell. Hair: Gui Schoedler at Exclusive Artists Management. Makeup: Aaron Paul at Exclusive Artists Management.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Bakar and Jack Laver  Bakar   Bakar and Jack Laver  Bakar   Bakar   Bakar and Jack Laver  Bakar and Jack Laver FENDI’s F is For... just released the first rooftop performance of the year to celebrate the rockin’ style of British musicians Bakar and Jack Laver who perform “Million Miles” in a lively show at the top of Palazzo della Civiltà. Decked out in Fendi’s Spring/Summer 2019 collection the duo encapsulates the brands ethos of casual elegance in their freestyle session. Bakar is the London bred musician who has captured the interest of Skepta to Elton John, while multi-instrumentalist Jack has a background in art as well as modeling. F IS FOR... is the platform from the Italian luxury house that has given a stage to millennials to create for millennials in a display of artistry aligned with the modern narrative of the brand. Below we get to know more about the band keeping London rocking. When did you know that you were going to pursue music as a career? I would say 2 years ago, only after I made big dreams about it! Who is your inspiration musically?  I have so many.  I always struggle to answer this question because I always leave people out. But like anyone from Lily Allen, Foals, the Gorillas were a big influence on me, The Streets and Mike Skinner as well What would you say your ‘big dream’ is? My big dream is to have the number one album in the Country. Being a born and bred London boy, do you ever see yourself moving out of the city? Yes, I do but I think I’d always come back… there’s only a few places that I think I could move to like New York, Rome now that I’m here. I like the idea of going somewhere for a specific period, so I would like to go somewhere like Rome and spend 3 or 4 months there writing, then go back to London. Would you say your style of music reflects your fashion style? No, I actually feel like they contradict each other which is why sometimes I think people like get confused about. Some people think I’m like a rapper and stuff, so I think it actually contradicts itself, but I like that. What is your number one go to when it comes to Italian food? Chicken parmigiana, and meatballs. You know what I have always been in search of the perfect margarita pizza, so like everywhere I go I just try and find the best margarita pizza.  F is For… Freedom… so do you feel like music gives you the freedom you want? Yes, definitely like I think that is the main reasons when you asked me at the start about when did I start take things seriously, was actually when I realized music was freeing me and then the aim was to make sure it was freeing other people, to let other young people know you can do whatever you like, so yes it defiantly makes me feel free. F is For…? F is for… FENDI! What came first, guitar or modeling? Guitar came a long time before, my dad taught me my first chord when I was six or seven. Tell us how you met Bakar. I met Bakar at a show in London a few years back before all the music stuff began for him. How does it feel to be in Rome? It feels amazing to be here in Rome, it’s my first time and the history here is immense. What came to mind when you found out you were coming here to work on this f is for… project? Excitement! We saw you in London, now here in Rome. What came in-between? I’ve been working on printmaking making etchings and screen-prints. And I just came off tour      with Bakar and The Badkids. What’s your next project? Many more prints and paintings and working on Bakar’s new album with the rest of the band. For you, F is for… Freedom! Photos courtesy of Fendi Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photo by Viviane Sassan  Photo by Viviane Sassan  Photo by Viviane Sassan  Photo by Viviane Sassan For over a decade Phillip Lim has been a leader in the language for modern city dressing, a little casual, a lot of details, and always out together. Through his designs at 3.1 Phillip Lim he made everyone a lot more chicer even in the most casual circumstances. It was with this similar approach that he taken to presenting his latest project, “More Than Our Bellies,” a cookbook with frequent collaborator, photographer Viviane Sassan. Envisioned as more of an art book, the pages are lined with a gorgeous array of vibrant photos to complement the dishes that explore a complex world of flavors, colors, and inspirations.  These dishes are the manifestation of his fond memories of his mother and childhood. We caught up with the designer and chef after his recent fashion week presentation to have him whet our appetite for his vibrant take on food.  The dishes you have in your book well reflect your upbringing with Chinese and a strong Thai influence. Did you feel your family's recipes are more Chinese with a Southeast Asian touch or vice versa? My parents are Chinese but they also lived in Thailand and Cambodia, so the recipes are an amalgamation of all of these influences. Which dish would you say is best for celebration and which is the most robust for a night in?  For celebration, or just for having a few people over, I like to make the ‘Thai Stuffed Chicken Wings.’ Like I say in the book, it is a real crowd-pleaser; it seems complex but is fun to create and incredibly delicious. As for a night in, you can’t go wrong with any of the recipes – they are all hearty and fulfilling, but if you’re talking comfort food, the ‘Oxtail & Potato Soup’ is unbeatable for when you crave the comforts of home. How do you feel that your career in fashion relates to your passion in food? how often do you pull these recipes out?  My fashion career came first of course, but I am always seeking out new experiences so that I can continue to learn and grow creatively. Opening myself up to this passion for cooking has been a new outlet for me, one that is just as creative while being totally new and totally my own. Not only that, cooking is meditative for me, it’s a way for me to unwind and let go of stress after a long day/long week/long year. It recharges me which in turn, helps me return to my day job feeling refreshed and energized. What was the process of adapting Vivianne's photo style into documenting food? I am in awe of Viviane’s talent and vision. So when we decided to collaborate, neither of us put constraints on the other. Viviane wanted to take pictures of food on her travels through Africa and Asia. The photos do not correspond to my dishes and frankly, that is the beauty of it. She is an artist and this is more than a traditional recipe book, it’s really an art book. Because the photos don’t show the way a dish “should” look, the cook is free to interpret the recipes as they wish and make them their own. Because I am not a trained chef myself, that was my hope for the book. I was interpreting and adapting recipes from my childhood, I never had a road map, and that was the magic of it. So I wanted that for anyone who bought this book as well – make the recipes your own, and appreciate the photos. Are there dishes that your mother hasn't taught you that you feel might show up in a sequel? No plans for a sequel yet – right now I am just taking a moment to feel immense gratitude for finishing this one. Can you give us the perfect menu course by course to make for a dinner of 6 using your recipes? Most of my dishes are best served family style. This isn’t formal or fine dining; it’s just food to be shared with loved ones over good conversation. Casually and humbly. When I do a potluck with friends, I like to start with soup – the ‘Tom Yam Ghoong’ is perfect for this as it is so warm, so fragrant. Your guests will walk into your home and be surrounded by the most mouth-watering aromas. And I like that you can serve this to them out of one giant pot. I then love to have a bunch of different dishes on the table, family style for everyone to grab and share: the ‘Garlic Eggplant Sliders’ are a great appetizer for this – and from my experience, they are universally loved by both my vegetarian and meat-eating friends. Put that out with the ‘Hainanese Chicken Rice’ plus the ‘Thai Stuffed Chicken Wings’ and you have a meal that is savory and filling.  Purchase Phillip Lim’s More Than Our Bellies here  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017               Tiffany & Co. will be launching their new collection this spring, Return to Tiffany®  Love Bugs this spring,. The collection consists of stickpins, brooches, pendants and rings that are redesigned from the iconic Return to Tiffany® collection. The design elements from the original collection are redesigned, bringing a freshness to the repertoire of Tiffany. Taking inspiration from urban gardens, the classic silver engraving have be disassembled and crafted into butterflies, blossoms, birds, and bugs. The jewels that are incorporated into the flora and fauna sculptural designs are including amethyst, blue topaz, yellow, and green quartz.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Zegna Spring/Summer 2019 Campaign  Zegna Spring/Summer 2019 Campaign  Zegna Spring/Summer 2019 Campaign “All The World’s A Stage” by Filmmaker Luca Guadagnino, the final evolution of “Defining Moments” by Ermenegildo Zegna Spring/Summer 19, has been unveiled today.  Guadagnino is the Oscar-nominated Italian director of I Am Love, Call Me By Your Name, and Suspiria. The film is shot in Milan as a three part character series,  dedicating each part to a coordinating star.  Boyd Holbrook, André Holland, and William Chan are the three stars that make up the series. Each part explores personal moments through their daily life, during which they define for themselves who they want to be. Each star explores the distinct aspects of Ermenegildo Zegna, all while embracing the progressive attitudes and versatility of Zegna’s modern menswear. See what the director has to say about fashion and how it inspires his work in this directors cut. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019   Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019  Marine Serre Fall/Winter 2019 Photos courtesy of Marine Serre Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017        Left to right: GUCCI suit, shirt, hat, and underwear. TOM FORD underwear. OFF-WHITE C/O VIRGIL ABLOH jacket and pants and ADIDAS BY RAF SIMONS shoes. ECKHAUS LATTA t-shirt and pants. GYPSY SPORT jeans and Y-3 shoes. 1017 ALYX 9SM tank top. BALMAIN sweater and pants, HERON PRESTON jacket, t-shirt, and pants RICK OWENS jacket and pants. SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO jacket, shirt, t-shirt, and jeans GIVENCHY jacket, suit, and shirt and GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI boots. JUNYA WATANABE jacket and pants VALENTINO, jacket, shirt, pants and hat. COMME DES GARÇONS HOMME PLUS jacket, shirt, shorts, and tie. TOM FORD jacket and sweater. TOM FORD underwear. TOM FORD underwear. Left to right: PYER MOSS suit. PYER MOSS jacket and pants. DRIES VAN NOTEN jacket and pants. LOUIS VUITTON sweatshirt, pants, and shoes. Photographed by Robert Nethery  Model: Ton Heukels and Bram Valbracht at Wilhelmina NY Grooming notes: Clarinsmen Super Moisture Balm and Clarinsmen Super Moisture Gel by Clarins. Crème with Silk Groom and Silk Groom Serum by Kiehl’s Stylist Series.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Loiuis Vuitton Rodeo Drive Loiuis Vuitton Rodeo Drive Loiuis Vuitton Rodeo Drive Louis Vuitton Rodeo Dr Display Louis Vuitton NY 5th Ave Display Louis Vuitton NY 5th Ave Display Louis Vuitton NY 5th Ave Display Louis Vuitton NY 5th Ave Display 12 Louis Vuitton stores are now decorated with a window display that takes you far and beyond the here and now. Thanks to creator Es Devlin under the artistic direction Nicolas Ghesquiére, each window acts a post-card-portal, symbolizing a gateway to a city unexplored. These digital displays not only showcase the Women's 2019 Spring-Summer Collection behind the stores doors, but stretch beyond to emphasize the network of Louis Vuitton worldwide. In a time where we must understand one another no matter our look or location, our perspective of the ground we walk on is of the upmost importance. As shoppers and window watchers gaze from the portal in their neighborhood Louis Vuitton to a setting far and beyond, the world becomes that much smaller and perspectives can shift. The Mannequins who star in the digital display are not posed as passive women, but rather in action and ready to take a walk around the world. With the futuristic touch of visual art by previous print master Mike “Beeple” Winkelmann, each window is an immersive experience dedicated to the community of fashion and fellowship around the globe.  Photos courtesy of Louis Vuitton Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    BOSS coat and jacket, ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA COUTURE pants, and BRUNO MAGLI shoes.   BACCARAT crystal.  BOSS coat and jacket, ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA COUTURE pants, and BRUNO MAGLI shoes.   HERMÈS jacket, VICTOR LI shirt, and BACCARAT crystal.  DIOR MEN coat and tank top MSGM sweater.  LOUIS VUITTON jacket. LOUIS VUITTON jacket. BOSS coat and jacket, ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA COUTURE pants, and BRUNO MAGLI shoes. FENDI jeans. HERMÈS jacket, VICTOR LI shirt, and BACCARAT crystal. DIOR MEN coat and tank top, and SIES MARJAN pants. DAMAT jacket, MSGM cardigan, BVLGARI watch. Photographer: Ian Morrison at Opus Reps. Flaunt Film directed by Scott Smith and  Ian Morrison  Cinematography by Scott Smith Original Score by Michael Tyrone Delaney   Stylist: Monty Jackson at Starworks Artists. Groomer: Diana Schmidike using Sombra Sunscreen at Art Department.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Dior Fall/Winter 2019  Dior Fall/Winter 2019  Dior Fall/Winter 2019  Dior Fall/Winter 2019  Dior Fall/Winter 2019  Dior Fall/Winter 2019  Dior Fall/Winter 2019  Dior Fall/Winter 2019  Dior Fall/Winter 2019  Dior Fall/Winter 2019  Dior Fall/Winter 2019  Dior Fall/Winter 2019  Dior Fall/Winter 2019 Tomaso Binga is the official pseudonym of an Italian poet, born Bianca Pucciarelli Menna. Her life time of work parodied the privileges enjoyed by men in society in order to destroy the imposed differences between the sexes, through the use of written word, bodies, gestures, signs, images and even sounds in performances, videos, collages, and paintings. Binga read from her new poem prior to the first models entering the catwalk in a collection that veered towards a new ambience of a utilitarian sportswear luxury albeit Dior sportswear.   Inside the tent in the gardens of the Musée Rodin, Maria Grazia Chiuri had placed images of Binga forming different letters to spell words on an array of square grids based on the poet’s 1976 masterwork ‘Alfabetiere murale’. It surrounded the audience in the designer’s continued quest to affirm her social-political activism in espousing unabashed feminism while creating a new wardrobe for a younger generation of women that embraces the Dior house codes with the social engagement mentality of the new customer. The opening look of a light grey tee-shirt printed with ‘Sisterhood is Global’ and grey skirt with a black vinyl waist belt continued the feminist activism of past collections. This dominant silhouette anchored the show, the waist was the main focus of each look emphasized by a large waist belt with a noticeable shape of the Saddle bag that delineated the coats and jackets on top and large, flowing skirts shapes on the bottom.    Chiuri deployed the laissez faire attitudes of the Teddy Girls of the British subculture in the early 1960’s, “impertinent characters with wild quiffs who wore Edwardian style men’s jackets with velvet scarves, ample skirts, jeans and black leather jackets” like Princess Margaret who chose a Dior gown in 1951 for her official birthday portrait by Cecil Beaton.  Through these rebellious girls, Chiuri reconnected to the golden era of Dior but opting to make the clothes more contemporary rather than historical by focusing on the types of garments that can fit easily into any women’s wardrobe – tartan pants, green checks coats, a gray spread collar cropped jacket with large pants, lumber jackets and nylon anoraks striped wool sweaters and a variety of long skirts in a choice of fabrics from black tulle embroidered with flowers to pleated washed denim.  Even evenings looks are more relaxed like pairing a black elbow sleeve tight blouse with neck bow with an embroidered tulle skirt or a simple spaghetti strap long black wool dress.  There can’t be a Dior show without a manifestation of the classic heritage Bar jacket New Look. Now softened into a more linear shape like the short grey pantsuit under a black vinyl leather coat or as a sleeveless double breasted short coat-dress where the rigid lines of the original version has been molded into the body in a less exaggerated manner.   While this more commercial oriented show has perfect amount of fall merchandises and balance the past and present flawlessly, the Dior heritage is also one of innovative shapes and fabrics with a significant quotient placed on the high fashion. What was missing in a reality driven fashion business today is perhaps this notion of experimental fashion that drives fashion forward in the same way the revolutionary 1947 New Look invented the fashion template of the modern era.  But this is perhaps for a future chapter in today’s evolving Dior brand.  Photos courtesy of Dior Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019     Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Fall/Winter 2019 The period of the 1980’s remains an era of particular fascination due to a goldmine of style that provides designers with a limitless bounty for remaking that period of glamour and power. Designers dress into a contemporary wardrobe for a new generation who may have only seen pictures from the past, if they saw them at all.  On an unusually warm Tuesday evening once again, a stage facing the Eiffel tower from the grounds of the Trocadéro now illuminated with a 3D light show as a backdrop. Anthony Vaccarello moved his Saint Laurent collection forward by returning to the vast forty years of YSL archives- especially focusing on the 80’s time frame as well as the shocking 1971 collection. This collection drew scandalous criticism with clothes centered around the 80’s most prominent feature – the big shoulder that framed wool coats as well as sparkling tuxedos and short evening dresses.   The giant short fur coats, reminiscent of that 1971 couture collection, came out in various iterations – the black and white side striped furs and a short greenish furs that mirrored the original version.  It has been more than three years and six shows since Vaccarello has assumed the creative director role at Saint Laurent. In general, the designer has polished his firm view of the glam rocker women rather than finding a new voice for the house within the framework of the YSL heritage.  This time he seemed to have taken more risks in both assessing the heritage as well as how to adapt the strong fashion footprint to create a new silhouette and products.  The first three looks of the show – a broad shoulder grey felt wool long coat with black satin pants and black satin blouse, or a camel felt wool military with a short black wool dress – set the stage for a collection themes with broad shoulder silhouettes throughout the show that moved the collection forward beyond the familiar glam of past seasons.   This emphasis on tailoring, one of the legacies of Yves Saint Laurent since the legendary designer first to put women in pantsuits as liberation from male patriarchy, gave the show that spark of sophistication that was missing. This exemplified in a white pantsuit with large spread lapel and a black cumber bund around the waist.  But for those customers accustomed to the very short dresses, have no fear. There are still a sum of super sexy micro dresses as well as some bloomer shorts looks to choose from. Red floral embroidered dress with puffy trims, black sparkling laminated long sleeve short dress or a simple black short sheath dress with silk polka dots bow show the likes of these looks. Just as there were still a good amount of hot pants shorts or even diaper shorts with furry blousons, pants made a come back in cigarette pleat pants paired with silk lame blouse.   The menswear section of the show was the weak link, as the men’s clothes remained static with little evolution– namely the black slim fitted jeans still anchored the leather jackets, the coat, and the occasional beaded velvet blouson – garments that spelled success at retail over the past years but seemed to have outlived their fashion cycle.  It was unfortunate that the menswear did not get the ‘shoulder treatment’ to bring the clothes on par with the women’s offerings.   At the end, an entire segment of the show was done under black lights with models walking behind a glass partition so that only certain reflective parts of their clothes and their shoes were visible to the audience.  It gave the show a push of edge into the night sky.   Photos courtesy of Saint Laurent By Anthony Vaccarello Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    FENDI dress and stylist’s own earrings, top, and gloves worn throughout.  FENDI shirt, skirt, earring, and baguettes FENDI coat, jacket, skirt, shoes, and baguette and stylist’s own bustier and hat. They make it look easy, but being an “influencer” isn’t all poolside selfies and comped cold press. Just ask globetrotting travel and fashion blogger Caroline Daur, seen here at Paris’ iconic Hôtel Plaza Athénée beneath a pile of new assorted-sized Fendi baguettes. “I love my job. Though it can be tiring sometimes—travelling nonstop, not a lot of sleep, and being present 24/7. Most of the time, people only see the glamorous side—which of course exists, don’t get me wrong. But the fact is that my journey also demanded a lot of energy and it is not always ‘easy.’”  FENDI shirt, shoes, and baguette. “Influencer” is probably too reductive a word to describe Daur’s output anyway. Her blog, Carodaur.com, covers fashion, travel, lifestyle, and beauty. Her immense popularity and dedicated fanbase has made her a go-to figure for tastemaking, taking her all over the world and earning her a partnership with M.A.C makeup (for whom she created her own makeup line) and runway appearances for major fashion houses. Her current dominance obscures the blog’s relatively humble origins. “I am from a tiny village near Hamburg in Germany. I remember back in the days when I was a kid, after finishing my homework, I would be head deep in my mom’s wardrobe playing dress up. This habit has never stopped, leading to the start of my blog three years ago.”  FENDI shirt, bra, pants, and shoes. Despite her success, she’s never content to stand still. She travels “around 300 days a year,” and she’s pushing her creative sphere ever-further, even branching out into acting. “When I was younger, I did theater and I was always passionate about it. I recently began taking acting classes again,” she explains. “I realized what I loved most about theater was the ability to slip into other characters and by following my passion for acting I began to explore other sides of myself. In this industry it is important to keep moving forward and continue growing; with every new character I am evolving and that is what feels special about it to me.”  FENDI jacket, shirt, shoes, and baguette and stylist’s own shorts and top. Today, as she prepares for her latest international excursion (to Flaunt’s own fair city), she’s rocking full-look Fendi. The brand is a personal favorite, she says. “Fendi is super loyal. We built a strong personal connection over the last two years. The team and I randomly met and hit it off. In this industry, there is such a high turnover rate for designers/PR and things change so quickly, I really appreciate this devotion. The personal connection to the team, designer, Fendi family, creative work and craftmanship makes me feel so connected to the brand.”  FENDI dress, sweater, and rings. What makes Daur different is that, though she’s flying higher and farther than ever before, she stays true to her roots. Her followers—now 1.5 million strong on Instagram—are still dear to her. And after sharing every step of her journey with them, she’s grown to see them almost as friends. “For me, being so transparent comes naturally,” she says. “I feel like since my followers are so open to me I can be open to them. I don’t even like to call them followers. We are more like a community, because I get inspired by them, too. I feel honored if they tell me that I inspire them. It’s only possible when you are honest and transparent.”  FENDI shirt, shorts, shoes, and baguette. Photographed by: Sol Sanchez at General Pop.  Flaunt Film Cinematography by: Joanna Nguyen Edited by: May He Styled by: Henry De Castillon.  Hair: Audrey Lambert At B Agency.  Makeup: Jolanta Cedro At B Agency.  Styling Assistant: Mathild Jauny.  Location: Plaza Athénée Paris. Special Thanks: Virginie Picot.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    RICK OWENS bolero, jacket, sweatshirt, and skirt.  PRADA top, skirt, and bag. DIOR dress, underdress, bodysuit, and shoes. CHANEL jacket, blouse, shorts, shoes, belt, necklace, and bracelets. GUCCI dress, tights, and shoes. GIVENCHY dress and shoes. BALENCIAGA dress and shoes. LOUIS VUITTON dress blouse and boots. CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC tanktop, bodysuit, harness, and boots. CELINE jacket and pants. SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO jacket, blouse, shorts, shoes, and sunglasses. RICK OWENS bolero, jacket, sweatshirt, and skirt. Photographer: David Bellemere At Art Department.  Model:  Michi Delane at The Industry, NY Stylist: Long Nguyen.  Hair: Yoichi Tomizawa at Art Department.  Makeup: Misuzu Miyake at Art Department.  Styling Assistant: Zaquan Champ Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    PRADA dress and socks and WOLFORD turtleneck.  PRADA dress and socks and WOLFORD turtleneck.  PRADA dress and socks, WOLFORD turtleneck, and GIVENCHY shoes.  PRADA dress and socks, WOLFORD turtleneck, and GIVENCHY shoes.  CHANEL jumpsuit, belt, bracelets, and earrings, WOLFORD turtleneck, and GIVENCHY shoes.  MIU MIU jacket and shorts, WOLFORD turtleneck, and ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER belt.  MIU MIU jacket and shorts, WOLFORD turtleneck, and ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER belt.  MIU MIU jacket and shorts, WOLFORD turtleneck, and ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER belt.  MIU MIU jacket and shorts, WOLFORD turtleneck, and ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER belt.  GIORGIO ARMANI turtleneck.  GIORGIO ARMANI turtleneck.  PRADA dress, and socks, and GIVENCHY shoes. MIU MIU top and pants, WOLFORD turtleneck, FRANCESCO RUSSO shoes, and CHANEL earrings and cuffs. MIU MIU jacket and WOLFORD turtleneck   CHANEL jumpsuit, belt, bracelets, and earrings, WOLFORD turtleneck, and GIVENCHY shoes. GIVENCHY top, skirt, shoes, and bag, WOLFORD tights, and CHLOÉ earrings. MULBERRY jacket, blouse, and skirt, WOLFORD turtleneck, and PRADA socks. GIVENCHY top and CHLOÉ earrings. DRIES VAN NOTEN sweater.    GIORGIO ARMANI turtleneck. ISABEL MARANT trench coat, and WOLFORD turtleneck. Photographed by: Emmanuel Giraud at Artsphere.  Styled by: Jonathan Huguet.  Hair: Jean-Baptiste Santens at Capsule. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Piaget unveils the world’s thinnest mechanical hand-wound watch, the Altiplano Ultimate Concept. The Altiplano Ultimate Concept, developed by the Piaget “Research and Innovation” division, set a record as the world’s thinnest mechanical hand-wound watch at just 2mm thick, which pays tribute to the historical movement of the same size -Calibre 9P.  This ultra slender aesthetic stems from four years of research and development and involved a team of three engineers in order to achieve the world’s thinnest watch.   As one of the world’s most prestigious watchmakers, this model represents a success in miniaturization and continues to push the boundaries of micro mechanics. Photos courtesy of Piaget Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                          Totokaelo is the NYC/ Seattle-based retailer specialized in the new wave of fashion. Luxe contemporary brands hang in the museum-like store surrounded by visual nuances. Since opening their Totokaelo boutique in 2008, the company has expanded in online capacities building a significant international presence and global impact. More recently, the brand has announced their first in-house proprietary label, Totokaelo Archive; perfected and crafted for wardrobe staples.  Designed in New York, the collection intends to strengthen both lives and wardrobes for the common yet powerful customer. The 28-piece line retails between $300-800 with staple scarves, gloves, crewnecks, cardigans, jumpsuits, and outerwear. The quality-focused design ethos transcends trend and offers garments made to last through ageless style; this DNA relates to the collection name ‘archive,’ an accumulation of past references and information. Totokaelo Archive is ideal for paring and layering different looks and lifestyles. Check out the new collection in their first look book with stylist Katie Burnett and photographer Zhi Wei. Stylist: Katie Burnett Photographer: Zhi Wei Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019  Marni Fall/Winter 2019 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   CHANEL FINE JEWELRY Les Talismans Secretes white gold necklace with diamonds, Les Talismans Attirante white gold earrings with diamonds, and Camélia Brode white gold with diamond necklace. CHANEL HAUTE COUTURE Broad and round shoulder maxi collar coat inlace embroidered with twisted chiffonribbons in roses patterns and round neckline mermaid organza dress with top embroidered with chiffon mother-of-pearls and bottom with twisted chiffon thread and pleated tulle keel and satin heels. CHANEL HAUTE COUTURE Pleated tulle ruffle sleeves boat neckline with embroidered braid and side triangular cutouts and pleated tulle ruffle trims and CHANEL FINE JEWELRY satin boots and Signature Duo white gold ring with diamonds. CHANEL FINE JEWELRY Les Talismans Fascinante white gold ring with enamel and diamonds. DIOR HAUTE COUTURE Tulle dress appliqué with geometric motifs, structured silk corset, sill pleat collar, and leather star patterns boots. DIOR HAUTE COUTURE Pastel multicolor harlequin pleated organza evening dressand sunray pleat collar. “What is couture in 2019?” was the question on Olivier Rousteing’s mind as he designed and prepared his first collection this past January for Balmain, a Parisian couture house that had not shown haute couture in 17 years.  Rousteing’s extravagant propositions with outsized proportions – think circle hard leather skirt, asymmetrical jacket-dress,  silver painted feathered suit, and arrays of pearls beaded onto shredded denim - affirmed his ebullient belief in how these traditional crafts are totally relevant in today’s environment and in the service of an unfettered platform to benefit both the creative expressions and experimentations, as well as the commercial enterprises.   This fundamental question of the relevancy of couture, especially today, has been posed so often since January 2002 when Yves Saint Laurent announced the closure of his couture operations. Since then, many of the French houses on the original roster of the official calendar had quietly ceased the business of couture. However the resilience of couture – surviving the deep crisis years and now expanding globally - is remarkable.   BALMAIN COUTURE Cashmere double ply turtleneck, leather round shape ballskirt, metal belt, leather heels, suede hat and silk gloves. VALENTINO HAUTE COUTURE ‘Orchidea’ pearl, khaki, turquoise, cobalt blue and pistachio green floral jacquard dress with ton sur ton lace encrustations. VALENTINO HAUTE COUTURE ‘Begonia Picotee Arlequine’ printed chiffon and organza dress floral encrustations with neck scarf and matching bolero. At the spring-summer 2019 couture shows in Paris this January, the heritage of crafts was the unheralded hero.  The ‘savoir fair’ work performed by the specialized skilled artisans at the different ateliers around Paris  – like the embroiderer Lesage and Montex, the fabric flower maker Guillet, the pleater Les Atelier Lognon, or the feather creator Lemarié supplied the decorative elements and the in-house seamstress and ‘petit mains’ from the fashion house’s ateliers hand made each garment –  worked together to churn out these spectacular unique garments shown on the catwalk.     MAISON MARGIELA ARTISANAL BY JOHN GALLIANO Chantilly lace top fused with poodle print satin duchesse jacket cut into sweet heart top with plumedcuffs, duchesse satin poodleprint coat cut into shorts, and white leather sandals. MAISON MARGIELA ARTISANAL BY JOHN GALLIANO Duchesse satin poodle print ski pants cut into dress with should straps and feather embellishments and leather sandals. IRIS VAN HERPEN ‘Cosmica’ dress with vaporous hand colored print clouds by Kim Keever in translucent organza with unfinished contours. The capacity of the fashion houses to make these couture clothes allowed their respective designers the unique possibility of crafting narratives to tell the story of and about these clothes with unprecedented staging and imagination.  It is mainly the province of haute couture and so much more than for ready to wear that designers can foster the real drama and conjure an imaginary world in the service of arming the clothes with a sense and perhaps a place in fashion history.  It’s been over a decade now, but I still remember the Dior Haute Couture Spring 2007 show as vividly as it happened. Faux snow falling onto the runway and the audience inside a tent at the Longchamp racing tracks, where models paraded in colorful, multifold kimono and obi New Look jackets and dresses, their faces done up with Geisha white makeup and Shalom Harlowe as the bride – in a white gown with bird origami folds – a show that the designer John Galliano simulated the imagined visual repertoire of ‘Pinkerton’s affair with Cio-Cio San, Madame Butterfly” with an abundance of grace, beauty, history and emotion all converged on each outfits.   GAULTIER PARIS Wool crepe one shoulder body jacket, pleated organza skirt, satin waist belt and rubber boots with pleated organza socks, and chiffon hat. ARMANI PRIVÉ Crystal embroidered cape in plissé crinoline organza, silk cady slip dress, vinyl leather belt, and leather heels. Inside a tent erected the gardens of the Musée Rodin complete with harlequin flooring carpets and hanging tungsten halogen lights, the London all female circus company Mimbre performed its acrobatic routines among the models wearing micro tulle dresses with circular embroideries recalling clown decorations, metallic goddess gowns, and chiffon harlequin long dress. All necessary accouterments that set the atmosphere for Maria Grazia Chiuri's collection inspired by a 1955 Dior tour of London dubbed the ‘Dior Circus’ by the local press. In what turn out to be one of Chiuri’s strongest shows for Dior, the designer allowed the clothes and the inspiration and atmosphere to blend together to create a harmony where no elements overwhelm the other.   VIKTOR & ROLF HAUTE COUTURE - Stacked and layered tulle puff sleeve dress with bow detailing and laser cut tulle skull artwork and statement. ELIE SAAB Floral embroidered tulle micro dress and coat and leather heels. DIOR FINE JEWELRY ‘Salon d’Apollon’ white and yellow diamonds necklace set on white, pink and yellow gold. A sumptuous orange painted Mediterranean villa with a fountain, tall cypress hornbeam trees, and swimming pool dubbed ‘Villa Chanel’ provided the setting for a Chanel couture show where the lean silhouette and light floral clothes in palettes of pastels like the pink floral embroidered onto belted corset and long skirt. The light leaf green dress with floral folds or the white ceramic floral bustier dress - looks that at times evoke memory of the 18th century bodice with a full skirt template with the intricate constructions and embellishments that made the clothes felt now.   While it was easy to imagine women in these clothes in an early evening seaside villa, the show and the couture garments placed Chanel at the forefront of championing high fashion with such a display of absolute beauty in such a siren setting in a world seemingly not only lacking but anathema to such splendor.   ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER Layered ruffles polka dots silk blouse, crepe cigarette pants and leather wrap heels. GIAMBATTISTA VALLI HAUTE COUTURE Silk crepe short dress with train trimmed with ostrich feathers and suede boots. BVLGARI High Jewelry Serpenti necklace in pink gold with mother-of-pearl, coral elements. No special staging was required just simple rows of chairs in the different rooms at Valentino where Pierpaolo Piccioli delivered the season’s sensation in a stellar show where the designer simply deployed all the elements and premises of couture – ruffles, frills, fringe, volume, and flowers - to create and wrap his couture garments that evoke an emotion.  Piccioli casted a new roster of women – this time about two third of the show models were black women – in clothes crafted with the ethos of couture which Piccioli considered immutable.  What’s modern for couture is the new troupe of women wearing these garments – volume and colorful tiered ruffled dresses, giant multilayered flower dresses and orange taffeta with giant sleeves – all hand made in the most traditional manners possible.   MAISON MARGIELA ARTISANAL BY JOHN GALLIANO Wool fitted jacket fused with sleeves from great coat featuring satin corset ribbons ties, silk jersey long johns, leather sandals. GIVENCHY HAUTE COUTURE Grain de poudre wool one button flap pockets jacket embroidered with chromed tube beadings, silk organza shirt embroidered with foliate motifs, grain de poudre straight pants with satin bands and calf leather boots. GIVENCHY HAUTE COUTURE Mesh guipure tee-shirt embroidered with textured flowers in patent leather, ecru tulle and silk cady long dress embroidered with degradé crystals, patent leather ankle strap sandals. GIVENCHY HAUTE COUTURE Mikado silk flap pockets jacket with mother-of-pearls buttons and silk lining, silk crepeline tee-shirt with hand powdered silver paillettes, Mikado silk pants with satin ribbons waistband and metal-edged calf leather boots. The case at Maison Margiela was the opposite where the designer John Galliano deployed couture and the process of dressmaking as a way to create a small degree of order in the utter chaos that is the contemporary digital life guttered and littered with images everywhere and at all times. Galliano’s Artisanal clothes went from a multicolor one-piece formless ‘dress’ made to match the bluish graffiti backdrop to cargo pants that evolved into a dress. A series of black coats and herringbone boiler jacket, a more familiar clothing staples took shape until the last outfit, a black double-breasted onesie coat without sleeves.  In a sense the same process took place in reverse as a demonstration of total control at Armani Privé show where the designer opted for lean shoulders and linear forms embellished with red and blue shiny ‘lacquered’ Art Deco motifs that spoke to the rigors of couture techniques to create clothes that while at times felt extreme offered a strong direction for his embrace of couture fashion.  At Givenchy, Claire Waight Keller evolved her strict constructions by adding elements like latex to break the ice so to speak and added a little bit of sex appeal onto her repertoire of finely crafted garments.   CHANEL FINE JEWELRY Les Talismans Secretes white gold necklace with diamonds, Les Talismans Attirante white gold earrings with diamonds, and Camélia Brode white gold with diamond necklace. What’s clear about couture in 2019 is the ability of the designers to lean on the traditional craftsmanship and handicraft skills of the respective ateliers to make one of a kind clothes around a dream and a fantasy that framed these exquisite dresses with narrative to evoke emotion. Even as Galliano railed against the craziness of the digital age, the elaborate and imaginative couture shows produced just the right images for the small screens of all the internet gadgets.   Beauty notes: Les Beiges Glow Moisturizing Tint Light, Les Beiges Glow Foundation 12 Rose and 22 Rose, Sublimage Le Teint Beige Rose and Beige, Joues Contraste Powder Blush In Love and Rose Petale, Palette Essentielle Concealer Beige Clair, Les Beiges Natural Eyeshadow Palette Light, Les 4 Ombres Quadra Eyeshadow Spices, Illusion d’Ombre Convoitise, Rouge Allure Velvet Matte Lipstick 71 Nuance and 62 Libre, Rouge Allure Liquid Powder Matte Lip Color Invincible, Rouge Coco Allure Lipstick Dernier Givre and Boy, Le Vernis Nail Color Bleach Mauve, Ballerina, Organdi and Blanc White all by CHANEL. Photographed by: Fabien Montique.  Models: Linde At Premium, Paris; Tao And Rickie At Supreme, Paris; Ruiqi Jiang At Marilyn, Paris, Aliou At 16men, Paris; Soni And Terence At Studio Paris Agency; Yu Hang At Success Paris.  Makeup: Océane Sitbon.  Casting: Nicolas Bianciotto At The-art-board.com Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Moncler 0 Richard Quinn Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 1 Pierpaolo Piccioli Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 0 Richard Quinn Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 1 Pierpaolo Piccioli Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 0 Richard Quinn Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 1 Pierpaolo Piccioli Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 0 Richard Quinn Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 1 Pierpaolo Piccioli Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 0 Richard Quinn Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 1 Pierpaolo Piccioli Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 0 Richard Quinn Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 1 Pierpaolo Piccioli Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 0 Richard Quinn Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 1 Pierpaolo Piccioli Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 0 Richard Quinn Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 1 Pierpaolo Piccioli Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 0 Richard Quinn Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 1 Pierpaolo Piccioli Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 0 Richard Quinn Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 1 Pierpaolo Piccioli Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 0 Richard Quinn Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 1 Pierpaolo Piccioli Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 0 Richard Quinn Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 1 Pierpaolo Piccioli Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 0 Richard Quinn Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 1 Pierpaolo Piccioli Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 0 Richard Quinn Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 1 Pierpaolo Piccioli Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 0 Richard Quinn Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 0 Richard Quinn Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 0 Richard Quinn Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 0 Richard Quinn Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 0 Richard Quinn Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 3 Grenoble Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 3 Grenoble Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 3 Grenoble Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 4 Simone Rocha Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 4 Simone Rocha Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 4 Simone Rocha Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 4 Simone Rocha Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 5 Craig Green Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 4 Simone Rocha Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 5 Craig Green Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 4 Simone Rocha Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 5 Craig Green Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 4 Simone Rocha Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 5 Craig Green Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 4 Simone Rocha Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 5 Craig Green Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 4 Simone Rocha Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 5 Craig Green Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 4 Simone Rocha Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 5 Craig Green Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 4 Simone Rocha Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 5 Craig Green Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 4 Simone Rocha Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 5 Craig Green Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 4 Simone Rocha Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 5 Craig Green Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 4 Simone Rocha Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 5 Craig Green Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 4 Simone Rocha Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 5 Craig Green Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 4 Simone Rocha Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 5 Craig Green Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 4 Simone Rocha Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 5 Craig Green Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 4 Simone Rocha Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 5 Craig Green Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 4 Simone Rocha Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 5 Craig Green Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 4 Simone Rocha Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 5 Craig Green Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 4 Simone Rocha Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 5 Craig Green Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 4 Simone Rocha Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 5 Craig Green Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 4 Simone Rocha Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 5 Craig Green Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 4 Simone Rocha Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 5 Craig Green Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 5 Craig Green Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 5 Craig Green Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 5 Craig Green Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 5 Craig Green Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 5 Craig Green Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 5 Craig Green Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 5 Craig Green Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 6 1017 Alyx 9SM Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 8 Palm Angels Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 6 1017 Alyx 9SM Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 8 Palm Angels Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 6 1017 Alyx 9SM Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 8 Palm Angels Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 6 1017 Alyx 9SM Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 8 Palm Angels Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 6 1017 Alyx 9SM Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 8 Palm Angels Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 6 1017 Alyx 9SM Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 8 Palm Angels Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 6 1017 Alyx 9SM Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 6 1017 Alyx 9SM Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 6 1017 Alyx 9SM Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 6 1017 Alyx 9SM Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 6 1017 Alyx 9SM Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 6 1017 Alyx 9SM Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 6 1017 Alyx 9SM Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 6 1017 Alyx 9SM Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 6 1017 Alyx 9SM Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 6 1017 Alyx 9SM Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 6 1017 Alyx 9SM Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 6 1017 Alyx 9SM Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 6 1017 Alyx 9SM Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 6 1017 Alyx 9SM Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 6 1017 Alyx 9SM Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 6 1017 Alyx 9SM Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 6 1017 Alyx 9SM Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 6 1017 Alyx 9SM Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 6 1017 Alyx 9SM Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 6 1017 Alyx 9SM Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 6 1017 Alyx 9SM Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 7 Fragment Hiroshi Fujiwara Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler 7 Fragment Hiroshi Fujiwara Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler Poldo Dog Couture Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler Poldo Dog Couture Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler Poldo Dog Couture Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler Poldo Dog Couture Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler Poldo Dog Couture Fall/ Winter 2019  Moncler Poldo Dog Couture Fall/ Winter 2019 Photos courtesy of Moncler Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019  Bottega Veneta Fall/Winter 2019 Photos and Video courtesy of Bottega Veneta Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Kids of Immigrants x Border Angels Love Has No Borders Photographer: Melchizedek Chan Model: Empress Of Stylist: Debbie Gonzales   Kids of Immigrants x Border Angels Love Has No Borders Photographer: Melchizedek Chan Model: Empress Of Stylist: Debbie Gonzales  Kids of Immigrants x Border Angels Love Has No Borders  Kids of Immigrants x Border Angels Love Has No Borders  Kids of Immigrants x Border Angels Love Has No Borders Photographer: Melchizedek Chan Model: Empress Of Stylist: Debbie Gonzales  Kids of Immigrants x Border Angels Love Has No Borders Photographer: Melchizedek Chan Model: Empress Of Stylist: Debbie Gonzales  Kids of Immigrants x Border Angels Love Has No Borders Photographer: Melchizedek Chan Model: Empress Of Stylist: Debbie Gonzales Using fashion as a means to express passion, love, and social awareness, the fashion brand Kids of Immigrants is releasing a new collection and campaign, entitled “Love Has No Borders,” in collaboration with the nonprofit organization Border Angels.  Border Angels advocates for human rights, humane immigration reform, and social justice with a special focus on the United States-Mexican border. All proceeds from the sweater, with the campaign’s mantra printed throughout, will help to fund shelter in Tijuana, Mexico, providing housing for many migrants.  Serving as the face of the collaboration, Honduran-American singer “Empress Of” wears the sweater proudly. As both the fashion movement and the nonprofit are mutually dedicated to immigration reform, Empress Of relates her family’s story of immigration to the larger picture of social reform that the country faces today.  “My parents migrated from Honduras to New York in the 1980’s to create a better future,” said co-founder Daniel Buezo in relation to the campaign’s purpose. “A country built by immigrants now closes its doors to immigrants. If it wasn’t for my parents taking that chance, taking that risk, I wouldn’t be here today."  Grab your sweatshirt here Visit the “LOVE Has No Borders” Gofundme here Photos courtesy of Melchizedek Chan Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   GUCCI suit, OFF-WHITE C/O VIRGIL ABLOH belt, and NIKE shoes i’m sitting in a yoga studio-slash-coffee shop on highland, waiting for actor Ismael Cruz Córdova. There are all the requisite signifiers: wood-slat chairs, Insta-inspo quotes on the walls, expensive juices, soothing new-agey chords thrumming out of well-hidden speakers.  Córdova walks in dressed in all black, wearing a thick coat and pants. A subversive burst of orange peeks out from the lining of his coat. I mention how pleasant the cool winter weather is, and he asks incredulously, “You like this kind of weather?” “Yeah, I love it,” I reply. In LA, a brisk day is as much a novelty as sunshine in Seattle. A chance to break out the fall/ winter looks, to stay inside for once.  “Well, I grew up in Puerto Rico, and it was hot and it was always hot and it was humid and that’s the way I like it. There’s very little clothing needed—beach weather all the time. That’s me, so you can have all the winter weather you want. It’s yours.”  When he was young, Córdova moved to New York to pursue NYU’s theater program. Like his acting, Córdova lives his life by jumping from one extreme to the other. Having ordered a Blood Orange-Carrot-Ginger Kombucha, he plays with the foil seal, gently ringing it around his fingers, smoothing it out on the table and folding it again.  I ask him about how he adjusted to the weather and grocery shopping, since grocery shopping in New York is a less- than-pleasant experience in the winter. He thinks about it for a second, his bright green eyes flicking over the greenery in the open-air seating area. “I went and spent my first winter there and my first snowfall ever there and the first coat weather and everything. It was beautiful and exhilarating and traumatic. But for the saddest reasons I don’t think I have memories of grocery shopping. When I went there I was so broke. I remember all my parents could contribute was six dollars a day for me to eat. So my grocery shopping was going to Wendy’s around 6pm and getting six items from the value menu, and that had to last me until the next 6pm. The first three months I got skinny—cheekbones on fleek.” He laughs, bringing humor to a difficult situation. He does that a lot during our time together, approaching tough subjects with a light touch, always ready with a small grin and a hearty chuckle. SHADES OF BLACK shirt, RAF SIMONS top and pants available at H. Lorenzo, and MAYA GELLER necklace.  I’m talking to Córdova at a time of great change for the actor. After years of shorts, commercials, a couple roles in TV shows, and smaller parts in film, he’s officially “breaking in” with two of his biggest roles to date. In the first he plays David Rizzio, courtier and constant companion to the Queen (Saoirse Ronan) in the Josie Rourke-directed Mary Queen of Scots. The film explores the intertwined paths of two unapologetically powerful women in a patriarchal age—Mary, Queen of Scots, and Elizabeth I, Queen of England (played by Margot Robbie)—as they vie for power and control. It’s a full-fledged Hollywood period piece, taking liberties with history to provide a more inclusive take on the often all-white biopic. On the heels of his role as Rizzio, he will hit screens as Lino, the leader of a drug cartel, in February 2019’s Miss Bala.  Let’s get one thing straight: Córdova and I have a few things in common. We are both indecisive about ordering drinks. We are both Aries. And we are both ambiguously brown. We don’t forget that. It would be hard to do. I understand how difficult it can be to try and forge your way into traditionally “white” spaces. So, how did he manage to overcome tradition and typecasting in one of the whitest genres in film? I ask Córdova about the implications of being an “afro-boricua” from Puerto Rico, acting in a period piece—but not as a servant, immigrant, or “savage,” but as a character.  “There are very few people who don’t have a fairy tale story in their mind that they would like to inhabit. Unless you’re talking about something very specific, and usually about struggle that relates to immigration or slavery, most of these stories are usually heavily cast as all white, so I was very discouraged as well. I didn’t realize that that was one of the dreams that I had kind of let go. When Josie [Rourke] approached me to do this I couldn’t believe it,” he says, barking out a laugh that seemed to surprise even him. “They sent me an audition and I thought, ‘I need to do this. I need to do this.’ It’s so important to me, because... I mean, I’m fulfilling the dream.” His green eyes gleam, and I can sense the culmination of a journey, from Puerto Rico to living on six dollars a day in NYC to breaking through to the big screen.  The word Afro-Boricua slides off his tongue as he talks about his home. “I’m culturally Puerto Rican, and I think it definitely affects the way that I view the world. There’s so much music, so much rhythm, the weather, the language as well. It’s like a heightened sense. Everything is at ten. The pavement is hot and the sun is sunnier and the wind is windier. This is all poetic, but I don’t know if there’s a scientific explanation. Home is home, and even if you weren’t born there, I think genetically you’re from there and somehow we have to be wired to respond to that. I think I bring that to my acting. You know?” I do know. Córdova has worked tirelessly to achieve recognition, for himself, for his community, and for minority actors to come. For the next Córdova, perhaps landing a role in a Hollywood period piece may no longer seem like an impossible dream.  Photographed by: Jennifer Rovero At Uxe. Filmed and edited by Jason Bergh Stylist: Shalev Lavan At The Visionairies Agency. Groomer: Daniele Piersons Using Baxter Of California At Art Department. Music by King Conduit Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019  Fendi Fall/Winter 2019 Film and Photos courtesy of Fendi Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019  Prada Fall/Winter 2019 Photos courtesy of Prada Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   One of the leading figures in the art market and active charity auctioneer Simon de Pury is teaming up with UCLA for the sake of the environment. The Institute of Environment and Sustainability (IoES) focuses on  pioneering research and inspirational teaching to teams of students with the desire to tackle real-world problems and create positive environmental change.  Notably items up for auction include a Luigi & lango signed portrait of Gisele Bündchen, an Oscar Murillo oil painting, and signed personal guitar of Mick Jagger featuring the signatures from the  rest of the stones.  Luigi & IangoUnique portrait of Gisele Bündchen, 2019 Black and white photograph on Baryte paper 200 x 162 cm Signed by the photographers and Gisele Bündchen Oscar Murillo(Untitled) Catalyst , 2018 Oil and graphite on canvas 82.75 x 65 in (210 x 165 cm) Roberto MattaMagitair, 1991 Lifetime Cast Bronze 60.63 x 11.81 x 11.42 inches (154 x 30 x 29 cm) Number 2 of 6 Titled, numbered and signed on the plinth Mick JaggerRolling Stone and legend, has offered one of his own important personal guitars. For several years this guitar has been a part of Mick Jagger’s tour and was recently used to compose several Rolling Stones songs for their upcoming album. The guitar has been signed by the entire band at the end of their recording session, and is donated specifically for this occasion! To preview the rest of the auction lots, click here.   Live Gala AuctionThursday 21 February 2019  21:00 Beverly Hills, Los Angeles Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Edouard Manet. Bar aux Folies-Bergère, 1882. The Fondation Louis Vuitton is presenting the industrialist patron of the arts Samuel Courtauld’s collection for the first time in over sixty years. From Feb. 20 to June 17, “The Courtauld Collection: A Vision for Impressionism” will be on display at the museum in Paris.  Accumulating over 110 works, including 60 paintings and graphic pieces, that are typically preserved at the Courtauld Gallery and in various public and private collections, The Courtauld Collection is a rare opportunity for the French public to bathe in the years of culture represented in the art collection that was last seen at the Musée de l’Orangerie in 1955. French paintings from the late 19th century to the beginning of the 20th century such as Un Bar aux Folies Bergère (1882) by Manet, Les Joueurs de cartes by Cézanne (1892-96), Autoportrait à l’oreille bandée by Van Gogh(1889), Nevermore by Gauguin (1897), and ten watercolours by J.M.W. Turner which belonged to Samuel Courtauld’s brother, Sir Stephen Courtauld, will be displayed for contemplation. Vincent Van Gogh. Autoportrait à l’oreille bandée, 1889. Samuel Courtauld’s family created a textile business in 1794 which grew to become the largest in the world. Eventually achieving the role as the company’s president in 1921, Courtauld frequented Paris, where he began his obsession with art, often collecting from French dealers under the advice of art historian Percy Moore Turner. Between 1923 and 1929, Courtauld had acquired his collection alongside his wife, Elizabeth.  The Courtauld family strongly valued the “humanist” conception of art, and desired to share the collection to a wider audience. In 1931, Samuel founded the Courtland Institute, where a majority of his collection could be publicly viewed. A perfect match to Fondation Vuitton’s goal of showcasing the role of emblematic art collectors throughout time, the Courtauld Collection  will be open until June 17, 2019.  Paul Cézanne. Joueurs de cartes, vers 1892-1896. Address: 8, avenue du Mahatma Gandhi, Bois de Boulogne, 75116 Paris. Dates: February 20 - June 17, 2019 Open: Monday, Wednesday and Thursday: 11 a.m. to 8 p.m. Friday: 11 a.m. to 9 p.m. Night opening on the first Friday of every month until 11 p.m. Saturday and Sunday: 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. Closed on Tuesdays Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                                     Photos courtesy of Max Mara Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    BOTTEGA VENETA coat, sweater, and pants and PIERRE HARDY shoes.  LOUIS VUITTON tracksuit and shoes.  LOUIS VUITTON tracksuit. LOUIS VUITTON tracksuit. “The modern loss of faith does not concern just god or the hereafter,” writes Byung-Chul Han, the Korean- German phenomenologist. “It involves reality itself and makes human life radically fleeting.” Heady stuff, but such reflection comes naturally for 35-year-old actor Steven Yeun, whose roles often confront the darkest corners of human nature. Han is just one of the many figures who populate Yeun’s bookshelves, and Yeun revisits him often to deepen his understanding of life, reality, and art.  I meet Yeun at Maru Coffee in Los Feliz to discuss his new film, Burning. He arrives dressed as his character, Ben, might have—black sweater, slim jeans, and black loafers, casualness belying celebrity.While Ben might or might not be a serial killer, Yeun is warm and funny, possessed of a disarming authenticity. Our conversation ranges from nostalgia for our Midwestern childhoods to the intersection of filmcraft and philosophies of life.  Burning, from writer/director Lee Chang-dong (Poetry, Secret Sunshine) is a master class in ambiguity. Based on Haruki Murakami’s short story “Barn Burning,” the film follows Jong-su (Yoo Ah-in), a poor aspiring novelist whose lonely life is kindled by the amorous attentions of Hae-mi (Jong- seo Jun), a spirited woman who loves pantomime and yearns to satisfy her “great hunger”—an existential desire to know the meaning resonant in all things. When Hae-mi leaves for Kenya in search of that understanding and returns to Korea accompanied by a new lover, the wealthy and mysterious Ben (Steven Yeun), Jong-su resigns passively to his demotion to third-wheel.  In one of the film’s most elegant sequences, the three spend an evening smoking pot at Jong-su’s farmhouse. Hae-mi undresses and dances hypnotically as the sun sinks below the horizon. Later, Ben confesses to Jong-su that he has a passion for setting fire to greenhouses. The next greenhouse he plans to burn, says Ben, is very close to Jong-su.  Shortly thereafter, Hae-mi goes missing, and Jong-su suspects Ben’s burning of greenhouses to be a metaphor for serial murder. He takes to stalking Ben, intent on learning the truth. The plot unfolds and Jong-su grows reckless. The truth recedes into ambiguity.  Burning is not slow but patient, precise. Many scenes contain loaded silences, as if we’re always on the verge of revelation. Lee Chang-dong’s filmcraft is a refreshing contrast to much of American cinema. Does Yeun see anything distinctively Korean in the patience of Lee’s method? “Patience isn’t the virtue of Korea per se,” says Yeun. The barista drops off our tea in unadorned clay mugs, and he thanks her, smiling broadly. “I would actually argue against that. Korea is fast. You see this when you look at mainstream films that America rarely gets, rather than the art house stuff. The top tier always has auteurs, like Bong Joon-ho, Park Chan-wook, or Na Hong-jin. They have the luxury of patience.”  BOSS coat, jacket, shirt, and pants. He takes a sip and continues. “American filmmaking feels rushed. I don’t know if the auteurs of America have the same leeway as the auteurs of Korea. It’s still about budget and time. Whereas with Burning, we’re like, “Five months for shooting? Okay.” Who can do that here? Nowadays it’s a month, or two months. And two months is crazy.”  In Burning, the luxury of patience affords a reliance on natural light and climate, which facilitates the narrative’s seamless unfolding. Tension crystallizes and Jong-su’s resolve hardens in pace with the approach of winter. Scenes shot at dusk and gloaming complement the themes of liminality, transition, and dreamlike uncertainty.  “This was a magical situation where a lot of things came together that normally don’t get to,” says Yeun. He reiterates the “magical” quality of the shoot throughout our conversation. “the Director Lee, Yoo Ah-in, Jeon Jong-Seo, and myself would talk about it all the time, how natural the experience of the film felt. Just things that would happen, or moments that would arise out of the ashes of another ruined moment—that happened so many times. I don’t want to get overly serious about a film, but I do want to emphasize how very organic the experience of this film was, all overseen by the deft touch of a master filmmaker who has seen the world through a unique lens his whole life. Director Lee is one of those wonderful people who have seen a lot of crazy things and yet press on bravely to chart their own course. He’s a student of life. I admire that so much. Ah-in and I would talk a lot about how much he impressed us. He’s truly one of the greats.”  In art, the universal is accessed through the particular, the concrete. And Burningis nothing if not particular. American audiences will be struck by Jong-su’s deference to everyone he encounters, especially Ben. As idiom and manners are so revelatory, I ask what features of Korean culture are likely to be missed by non-Korean audiences.  “Korean society has a hierarchy built in,” says Yeun. “Interaction is based on your place in any given situation. So if I were meeting you for the first time, I’d ask your age, which will let me know if I should address you honorifically.  “Jong-su is indicative of a common Korean way of being, which is deferential. He constantly assesses his worth, making sure he’s playing the required role. Whereas Ben—the freaky part is that he’s not weighed down by any of these societal rules. When he acquiesces, it’s completely on his terms. I think that makes the power struggle between Ben and Jong-su more intense.”  ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA COUTURE suit, BASSIKE shirt, PIERRE HARDY shoes, and LU CHUNG socks. Ben’s aloofness is palpable in ways that transcend cultural and linguistic barriers. Rather than flout expectations with disdain, he does so with blessed indifference. He’s at once socially and morally aloof, and yet capable of real generosity. Is he a serial killer bereft of conscience? Or is he a decent guy who’s been spiritually hollowed out by affluence and now resorts to occasional arson to feel alive?  My suspicion was that such a character must be difficult to inhabit. How did Yeun think his way into that ambiguity? Did he run with one interpretation? Or did he walk that knife’s edge the whole time?  “I rolled that edge pretty often,” says Yeun. “I’d chooseone way, and I’d realize it doesn’t make sense to go that far, and then I’d choose the other, with the same result. The real difficulty, though, came not in embodying Ben, but in shaking the character after I was done. “Someone who’s unlocked in that way—not a slave to any system—that’s an immense power. You glide effortlessly through life. It made starkly real to me how much my anxiety is predicated on my own attitudes. So Ben felt very powerful. That was something I had to come back to reality from after I had finished.”  Yeun’s trouble letting go of the character wasn’t purely internal. During his Korean press tour, he chose to stay in character. “When I go back and look at the interviews I did,” he says, “I’m kind of a dick. And I feel bad. People seemed to react positively, but you never know who I might have pissed off because I didn’t play along.”  It’s an interesting specimen of life imitating art. “The whole film was crazy like that,” Yeun says, excited. “That was only one of a trillion things that happened that felt like this magical film was making itself regardless of whether we wanted to go with it or not.”  Burningsucceeds marvelously as a Murakami adaptation. There’s this feeling that anything is possible, even the surreal. “It’s perception, right?” says Yeun. “Our perceptions drive our lives. You really can change yourself by turning the angle slightly to the left or right. But it’s difficult because we’re afraid of failing. That’s something that this film helped me unpack— accepting the chaos of reality and going with it, rather than suffering through it by struggling against it.”  Chaos in Yeun’s life takes many forms: uncertainty about the future; the internet; raising a child; maintaining a healthy marriage. “Life is pure chaos,” he says, and laughs.  “Sometimes you’re driving down a familiar road, zoning out, and it’s all fine and good, and then you realize in a flash that a car could T-bone you and destroy you any second. We’re programmed to live in this easy-to-manage way, it’s how we deal with the anxieties of the world. But then those sweeping feelings come through and you realize how precious life is.”  Z ZEGNA shirt. At first blush, Maru Coffee is an unlikely setting for existential musings. The edges are too crisp, the decor too Spartan, the light too bright. But it may just possess what the waiter from Hemingway’s “A Clean, Well-Lighted Place” knew to be necessary for dwelling on nothingness and questions of meaning.  “That’s what’s fun about embracing the chaos—things become more meaningful. In every interaction, Ben is the most present person. He looks vacant, but only to our eyes. It’s a nihilistic optimism, someone who’s gotten to base zero, to accept that everything is meaningless, and to rebuild the world from that framework.”  Yeun has previously discussed how Lee Chang-dong hoped his “American-ness” would lend a certain dissonance to his performance. Interestingly, Yeun felt “at home” for the first time playing Ben, and yet was able to function as a kind ofother for his Korean audience.  “Ben’s otherness,” says Yeun, “is rooted in the tension between individualism and collectivism. Americans live very singularly. I remember growing up as a Korean kid in predominately white neighborhoods and talking to my friends, and someone saying, ‘If I don’t get a job when I turn eighteen, my mom’s going to kick me out of the house and won’t help with college.’ To a Korean kid that sounds crazy. We’re lucky because that’s where collectivism serves us: everyone’s grinding for everyone else.  “But that kid getting kicked out is also beautiful because it respects the individual. Few Koreans get to experience that. You’re usually serving the whole and have to play your required part. But in the U.S. there’s this feeling that you can inhabit your own space. I feel much more like an individual here than I do in Korea.  Yeun sees the West as hungry for meaning and community, while the East seeks an easing of strictures. “I’ve met many young Koreans and they feel primed to transgress cultural boundaries,” he says. “The internet has really allowed East and West to cross-pollinate. The West is trying to grasp collectivism, and I think that’s what the West needs. And people in Asia are grasping their individualism. It’s cool to see that happening.”  They often mean well—they’re trying to give solace to those who feel alone. But they can easily become traps, because if you stay in your safe space, you never deal with the trauma that caused you to seek it out in the first place. The goal is to be free and comfortable in your own skin, and only then submitting yourself to the collective, as a full being and not as a fragment.”  Z ZEGNA suit and shirt. The hope is to find that golden balance between collectivism and individualism. “If we got to real balance, it’d be beautiful,” says Yeun. “But that’s almost utopic.” He worries that a tendency to swing towards extremes may be hardwired in the system.  But what’s impossible in life is sometimes realized in art. During filming, director Lee would often approach his cast and say, simply, “Balance.” Certainly, every scene does feel perfectly weighed and measured.  “The dude is like a Zen master,” says Yeun. “And that equanimity matters because he’s a 64-year old man telling a story about the youth, and not telling them who they are, but rather telling them, ‘I’m giving you the space to express who you are to me so that I can help you craft the story.’”  Balance, as a theme, features prominently in Murakami’s short story. The unnamed character that Burning’s Ben is based on speaks of his arson as a force of nature. “They’re waiting to be burned. I’m simply obliging... Just like the rain. The rain falls. Streams swell. Things get swept along.” His destructive acts are central to the balance of his “simultaneity,” his sense of existing everywhere at once, unbounded by time. “Without such balance,” he says, “I don’t think we could go on living.” The translation of this theme into Burningis nothing if not elegant.  ***  One of the stranger moments in Burning comes when Jong- su stalks Ben at the latter’s church. Whether Ben is a killer or a ritual womanizer, his presence there feels utterly dissonant. I ask Yeun, who grew up in a devoutly Christian home, what role faith plays in his life.  “Faith, for me, is an ever-changing road. I’m very thankful that I got to study religion; it gave me a lot of information, although I didn’t gain much wisdom. But as I’ve grown older, having fallen away from the Church, I find myself being drawn back to it under different pretenses. Not that I need it to tell me how to live, but I want to carefully consider what the Christian Bible is trying to say. Or even the Qur’an, or the Torah, or Buddhist scripture—they’re all talking about the inherent wisdom of doing what you are meant to do in this universe, and going with its flow, as opposed to warring against it. At the moment, I’ve been re-reading passages in the Bible, and I’m like, Whoa, that means something completely different to me now. I really understand the wisdom of this passage.”    *** BOSS suit and shirt and PIERRE HARDY shoes. In a late scene in Burning, Hae-mi performs a dance she learned in Kenya. The dance—which enacts two “hungers”—is adapted from Sir Laurens van der Post’s study of the Kalahari Bushmen. “There is the Great Hunger and the Little Hunger,” writes van der Post. “The Little Hunger wants food for the belly; but the Great Hunger, the greatest hunger of all, is the hunger for meaning... There is nothing wrong in searching for happiness. But meaning is of far more comfort to the soul.”  It’s a revelatory scene. Jong-su observes Hae-mi’s movements with affection; he longs for her, but also through her, as if she’s come to mediate his pursuit of meaning. Ben, however, observes her with an unreadable expression. We’re left questioning whether this man, who has never known physical hunger, has also never hungered for meaning.  Eager to lock up and get on with their evening, the baristas finally ask us to leave. We finish our conversation outside in an alleyway. It is dusk and the air is refreshingly cool. Yeun’s driver waits nearby, his black blazer unbuttoned to reveal a comically long ivory tie riding the curve of his belly.  The Great Hunger is sated in different ways for each of us. Steven Yeun tries to feed it by “flowing with the universe as it comes.”  “I acknowledge that I’m in a very privileged position to say something like that,” he says. “I’m not suffering on my daily so that it’d be hard to go with the flow. But it feels purposeful. My favorite verse is Romans 12:2, ‘Do not conform to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind, then you will be able to test God’s good and perfect will.’ In understanding that, I feel that I’m in the flow, that what I desire is equivalent to what the universe desires in my life, so then I’m just an agent of the universe, I’m a wave in the ocean. That’s where I’m trying to find my Zen—this constant, careful consideration of myself. Every time I’ve tried to push against the current, it never works out, and I’m always devastated by it. But every time I just let go to the process, it becomes this magical lesson or experience.”  Photographed and filmed by: Shane Mccauley.  Stylist: Nicolas Klam at The Visionaries Agency.  Groomer: Sheridan Ward using Oribe at Cloutier Remix.  Photography Assistant: Jake Harrison.  Styling Assistant: Kyle Huewe.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019    Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019  Gucci Fall/Winter 2019 Photos courtesy of Gucci Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    LOUIS VUITTON top.  PRADA top and all jewelry by BVLGARI.  ALEXANDER MCQUEEN vest and all jewelry by BVLGARI. SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO dress and all jewelry by BVLGARI. “I have a chance to say something important,” Cailee Spaeny tells me, almost incredulously, as we chat in a sun-strewn Los Angeles backyard. Still only twenty-one, Spaeny’s had the kind of year that most young actors dream about. She landed the lead in a big-budget blockbuster (Pacific Rim Uprising), a major part in a star-studded auteur-driven ensemble film (Bad Times at the El Royale), and smaller roles in two vitally important and timely political dramas (On the Basis of Sex and Vice). That’s not even counting a series regular role on director Alex Garland’s (Ex-Machina, Annihilation) new television show (Devs), and any number of other upcoming projects. Most surprising of all? Only eighteen months ago, she had never appeared in a widely released project.  SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO dress and all jewelry by BVLGARI. Onscreen, Spaeny casually commands attention. Instead of getting lost in the clamor of CGI explosions and robots- fighting-aliens or shrinking next to more famous co- stars, her characters buzz with a natural ferocity. But in person she’s gracious and immediately likeable. She sits curled up in a chair and speaks with a slight Midwestern twang, with the kind of blue eyes that you’d swear were photoshopped. She’s unusually kind to the craftspeople working around her, and when she discovers that the photographer roots for her favorite football team, she invites him to come watch a game at a local fan bar.  BALENCIAGA top and boots and all jewelry by BVLGARI. Spaeny grew up as one of nine children in Springfield, Missouri, where she bristled at the life that seemed to be laid out for her. “I grew up in a very religious household, where things were black and white, you know?” she tells me. She describes how everyone followed the same path: school to college to a job to marriage. It was a path that never felt right for her. “Schooling wasn’t the foremost thing in my mind. It was always like: Okay, I don’t fit in this box of, ‘You have to be good in school.’ I’m not. I’m failing every class and I’m in sixth grade!”  “I knew at such a young age that I was going to commit my life to something else,” she says when I ask her how she got into acting. “I don’t know where that came from. It felt like there was some higher power or being that touched me and said, This is what you’re going to do,” she laughs. “That sounds so corny, but I don’t know how else to explain it.” At eleven, Spaeny began piano and guitar lessons, and quickly started a band, recruiting a group of boys to play birthday parties and local festivals with her. She describes the feeling of empowerment she gained from being the frontwoman. “There was something about bossing boys around from 11 to 15—telling them what songs I want to do. Boys did not faze me at all.” By her teens, she was acting in community theater projects, and enduring 25-hour car rides between Missouri and Los Angeles for auditions, a grueling process that didn’t dim her enthusiasm.  ALEXANDER MCQUEEN vest, pants, and boots and all jewelry by BVLGARI. And then everything changed. She got the part in Pacific Rim after dirtying herself up and building a homemade replica of a giant robot cockpit for her self-taped audition. She applied for her passport and left the country for the first time to promote the film. And from day one, she’s found herself  surrounded by a cavalcade of stars. She’s shared the screen with the likes of Jeff Bridges, Jon Hamm, Felicity Jones, and Armie Hammer. She nods animatedly when I ask her if it’s ever a challenge to be such a new face amongst so many established actors. “I feel like I’m always running to catch up. I never took an acting class growing up, so being on set is like taking an acting class. Except it’s filmed and immortalized forever on screen and you can’t take it away.”  SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO dress and all jewelry by BVLGARI. These days things have settled down a bit. She moved to Los Angeles. Got a boyfriend (at whose mention her eyes invariably light up). She reads a bunch. Takes cooking classes. Goes to the laundromat. All the classic Stars, they’re just like us! stuff. Despite that, she doesn’t feel completely at home in the Hollywood bubble. “I don’t think I have any actor friends my age, really,” she tells me. “You just talk about the same things over and over.” She went home for the first time in a year for Christmas, and is eager to maintain a sense of self outside of her profession. “I don’t want to identify myself as just, like, ‘I’m an actor.’ When people think of me, I hope that they think of something bigger than that.”  MIU MIU dress and all jewelry by BVLGARI. But when we start talking about what exactly she wants to be—how she wants to be seen, what she wants to be known for—she pauses. “There’s this thing happening inside me, I don’t know what it’s going to be, or what I’m going to turn into, or what I’m going to stand for, but it’s kinda hitting me, like, ‘Oh shit,’ I’ve been doing these interviews for a year, and in the beginning, I just wanted to get through them—I didn’t know what to say. But no, let’s fucking find something to say, and let’s say it. I’m just trying to find those things.” She talks about working with actors like Alison Pill and Jeff Bridges whose outreach work inspires her. Hearing about their causes has motivated her to find her own.  PRADA top and all jewelry by BVLGARI. Spaeny tells me that growing up, she never learned about politics. Stepping onto set for the first time also marked the beginning of her political education. Shooting On The Basis of Sex—a film based on the life of Supreme Court Justice, Ruth Bader Ginsburg—was eye-opening. “We were on our third day of shooting when the Harvey Weinstein stuff came out, so there was a huge sense of, ‘Oh fuck, we really need to make this movie.’” The film was directed by Mimi Leder—a deeply personal project for a woman who’s faced the ruthless double standards that plague Hollywood (and, you know, the world) first-hand. “There’s a different energy on set with a woman director who knows this story so well,” Spaeny says. When I ask her what roles she’d be excited to portray, she lists off a few male roles—McConaughey in True Detective; Paul Newman in Cool Hand Luke—before cursing in exasperation. “This is the fucking problem! Every time I think of these awesome characters, I’m like, ‘Why aren’t any of them women?’ So yeah, let’s do a woman Paul Newman-esque film. I want to do that.”  LOUIS VUITTON top, pants, and belt and all jewelry by BVLGARI Then she turns the tables, starts asking me questions. What am I passionate about? What excites me about my work? Where have I travelled? The sun keeps moving, passing through the leaves, lighting up Spaeny’s face and blinding her. She squints, but nonetheless faces the sun head-on. It’s a fitting moment. From here on, there’s no hiding for Cailee Spaeny. And though she’s still figuring out exactly what she wants to say, she can’t wait to speak up.  Photographer: Robin Harper at Opus Reps.  Film by Seannie Bryan Edited by May He Stylist: Yana Kamps at Defacto Inc.  Hair: Kylee Heath Using Serge Normant at Starworks Group.  Makeup: Loren Canby using Chantecaille Foundation and Becca Shimmering Skin Perfectos Liquid at Starworks Group.  Manicurist: Naoko Saita using 7true at Opus Beauty. Music “Bamel Clues” by Suff Daddy  Production Assistants: Jake Harrison and Andres Gudino. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019  Jil Sander Fall/Winter 2019 Photos courtesy of Jil Sander Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                            Photos courtesy of Richard Quinn.    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    MM6 Maison Margiela Fall/Winter 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Fall/Winter 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Fall/Winter 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Fall/Winter 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Fall/Winter 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Fall/Winter 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Fall/Winter 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Fall/Winter 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Fall/Winter 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Fall/Winter 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Fall/Winter 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Fall/Winter 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Fall/Winter 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Fall/Winter 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Fall/Winter 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Fall/Winter 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Fall/Winter 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Fall/Winter 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Fall/Winter 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Fall/Winter 2019 Photos courtesy of MM6 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Svitlana Bevza | AW19 Bevza is the minimal-inspired Ukranian womenswear brand established by Svitlana Bevza. Clean silhouettes reflect a timeless elegance with influential notes from Svitlana’s hometown of Kyiv. Known for the signature white dresses, Bevza creates simple styles that serve as a blank canvas to dress up and down for any occasion. Her most recent AW19 collection, The Closet, includes the signature white dress, FAUX REALITY coats, and puffers, as well as leg warmers inspired by a Ukranian morning gymnastics TV show “rhytmika.” We spoke with the intuitive designer to discuss the brand’s background, influences, and AW19 collection. Bevza AW19 How have your Ukrainian roots influenced your design concepts? When I grew up, especially in the late nineteens, we had an interesting, quite specific processes going on in Ukraine. We had a deficit of clothes, media, industrial goods, everything that was foreign. Women in our country styled themselves through some catalogue videos and rare magazines that we could get from abroad. I still find a lot of inspiration from the memories in my mom’s wardrobe and memories from my teenage years. So yes, Ukrainian roots influenced Bevza a lot. Bevza AW19 How did Bevza begin? I dreamed of becoming a designer since my early childhood. My first higher education at the University of Trade and Economics was as an economist, but fashion design was my dream, since I was 4 оr 5, (the age when I told my mother I want to own a fashion house. I literally made sketches of houses, where models lived with huge wardrobes). I had already been working on my third collection during my second higher education at the University of Technologies and Design. While clean and straightforward,  your silhouettes reflect feminine elegance. How do you approach minimalism in your design process? It’s always a key interest to play with simple things and make them different and eye-catching. Because it's much more complicated to create pure and clean items that look extraordinary and sophisticated. So, I love playing with that and minimalism comes from my inner style preferences. I like clothes to look elegant, refined and clear. There is still a lot of intuition leading me on what to do, what to create. Bevza AW19 Which garment holds the most significance to you thus far? I think it’s the white dress. Bevza started doing this item as compulsory from the very beginning, and in every collection, the white dress is a signature. It can be long, short, evening; it can be a spring dress, light and structured, etc. I love to play with white colors because, on the one hand, it’s one of the most complicated colors, but on the other hand, it’s always something new, energetic, and emotionally refreshing. When wearing white, you create a new day, new you every day. It’s like a blank sheet of paper that can be modified, that can entirely create a new mood in your new day. Tell us about the influences and inspirations behind your recent AW19 collection. This season is about incorporating key pieces which every woman should have in their seasonal wardrobe. Fall 19 collection is called ‘The Closet.’ It is literally soaked with my love for Kiev. It includes a floral printed jacket which is a print of a photo I took on my iPhone of the Kyiv National Botanic Garden in autumn. Bevza's signature white dresses and square shaped shoulders will be once again present this season. Taking on an athletic flair, by introducing leg warmers inspired by a Ukrainian morning gymnastics TV show “rhytmika” that I watched as a kid. Key points that I stand on are elegance in its best, purity and timeless. Bevza AW19 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The legendary Karl Lagerfeld recent passing is still quite a jarring thought. The solemn feeling has extended well beyond the fashion world. The man, the legend, is a symbol of fashion. Whether you can afford Chanel or not, you know the powdery white ponytail, leather gloves, and blackout glasses.  An extravagant man requires an equally extravagant taste in music - a taste so vast it requires him to own hundreds of iPods, all of which are dated with the day he uploaded his favorite albums. His philosophy on music was shared in an interview with LeWeb in 2011, stating his belief that,  “One should buy music and not charge it for free.”   Take a listen to the Karl-approved artists below.   The  story of Karl seeing Cat Power on a pile of Louis Vuitton luggage while smoking in front of the Mercer Hotel in NY can only spark magic.   She came out performing from a shell… enough said! It was allege that Mr Lagerfeld hand picked the band to perform. We wonder if Michel Gaubert iconic touch had to do with this discussion. You know that collection that yield the Chanel wicker basket bags...  The cruise collection that saw the twins performed on the gorgeous Paseo del Prado Extra credit, a video Chromatics did using their BTS footage of the Chanel SS 13 show for their track “Looking For Love“ Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   PRADA shirt. PRADA turtleneck. Three years ago, in an essay titled “decolonizing my desires,” playwright Jeremy O. Harris, 29, talked about a recent play he penned that “explored a relationship between a 25-year- old black artist and a 65-year-old white art collector, to parse the ways I was cradled, coddled, and collected by white institutions, and how I’ve collected and used them in turn.” That play, now titled “Daddy,” premiered Off-Broadway as a co-production of The New Group and Vineyard Theatre at The Pershing Square Signature Center on February 12th, featuring actors Alan Cumming, Ronald Peet, Hari Nef, and Tommy Dorfman. “Daddy” comes right on the heels of Harris’ incendiary Slave Play, recently wrapped on January 13th after a two-week extension to its first off-Broadway run, during which it seemed to scandalize and delight the theatergoing set in equal measure. The play, which explores the fraught intersections of race, power, gender, and sexuality in 21st-century America through the lens of interracial relationships, has netted  Harris the Rosa Parks Playwriting Award and the 2018 Paula Vogel Award, while also receiving drop-ins from the likes of Madonna, Whoopi Goldberg, and Scarlett Johansson, along with miles of worshipful column space from critics.  Alongside these successes, Harris is soldiering through his third year as a graduate student at the Yale School of Drama, has appeared in a Gucci video series (a brand he appears to live in), and is currently adapting an upcoming screenplay, titled Zola, alongside writers Andrew Neel and Mike Roberts, based on the insane tell-all viral 2015 Twitter thread by Aziah Wells and the Rolling Stone magazine piece that followed.  A week after Slave Play closed, Harris took to Twitter  in response to a fellow queer black writer’s post on the importance of community over competition, saying, “... I’m not in competition with other playwrights, period. I’m  in competition with the limitations of the canon. I’m in competition with the limits of Jeremy O. Harris’ imagination.”  In testament to his collaborative ethos, Harris sat down with one of the leads from “Daddy,”  Ronald Peet, seen in some of 2017’s most acclaimed films—The Meyerowitz Stories (New and Selected), First Reformed—and soon to appear in an intriguing Netflix sci-fi series, The I-Land. Among the topics of discussion: Harris’ meteoric ascent and the accompanying pressures, how “Daddy”  is actually a love letter to his mother, “digital natives,” and white people thinking it’s ok to touch his hair.    Ronald Peet: “Daddy”  is the first play that you ever wrote, right? What does it feel like to see the set starting to come to life, and the staging that we’re doing right now and the rehearsal?  Jeremy O. Harris: It was really the first play I wrote. In a lot of ways it’s really bizarre. Doing Slave Play was really exciting because it was so immediate. It was like, I wrote it, then it got done at Yale, then it got produced at the O’Neill, then it immediately had a production in the city.  You don’t change as much in a year and half as you do in four years. I’ve changed a lot in four years and I’ve thought about a lot of things differently and, like, I want to allow this play that I think is really beautiful to stay that play, while also recognizing how I’ve changed as a writer and how some of my interests have changed and even some of my understandings of melodrama have shifted. I’m in this weird mode where I don’t know how to rewrite, or if I should rewrite. I’m someone who very much believes that some of your first impulses are your best impulses. So, I don’t want to police the impulses of 25-year-old Jeremy, because 25-year-old Jeremy wrote this play and it excited him and a lot of other people. That play should still be allowed to be itself. It shouldn’t get a face lift just because I’m over it.  DRIES VAN NOTEN jacket. You’re going to have many opportunities to write something new for 29-year-old Jeremy. Exactly. And every time I see it, everyday I’m in rehearsal, I’m loving it more. A lot of my anxiety I think is possibly because I’m still in mourning about Slave Play being done. But every day that I have a separation from Slave Play I’m like, No, I love this. A lot of my anxieties are gone. I also wondered, too, if some of my anxieties about where I am now compared to where I was then are anxieties about the success of my last play, and insecurity around working in a landscape where a narrative has been told about me.  Those themes are, in a way, present in “Daddy” —desiring an idea of success, and then coming into that idea, and then the way in which the reality does and does not fit what you expected. You’re on this meteoric rise, and when you’re inside of it it’s exciting, but you’re also like, ‘It just feels like I don’t where I am,’ and you wonder if the shoe is going to drop and when. But it hasn’t.  Yeah, when is everyone going to realize that I’m actually just a fraud who’s only written like three plays, you know what I mean?  Well, they’re not. But you hear, a lot of the time, people who have very long careers, and who create things that all of us look up to, they ask themselves that for the entirety of their career. So maybe that means that this is just the experience of doing it, of being it.  As great as it is to have two plays happening in one season, it’s also like, ‘What the fuck?’ Maybe if I had more time to breathe I would not have this anxiety. I’m not someone who believes that critics define a work or your career, but I’m very protective of my collaborators and the work I do, so I think that it would be nice to not have as much pressure on my collaborators to succeed in some way that’s, like similar or even better than the thing I just did.  When everyone decided to work on this play with me, for the most part no one knew that I was working on a movie too...  How do you feel right now, having just finished your first TV show [The I-Land]? We talked about acting onscreen, and how that felt like a different muscle to start trying out.  Definitely... I’m coming back and switching into this other mode that was originally more familiar to me, just doing theater, but there are times when we’re blocking that my instincts feel very close to the chest—less theatrical and more cinematic. I’m having to check myself and be like, ‘No, bigger, bigger, communicate,’ because the camera’s not right in front of your face. When you’re working day after day for two and a half months doing this kind of storytelling, and then you come to this other mode of storytelling, it is kind of a mindfuck—like, ‘Where am I? What instincts and impulses can I trust?’  I noticed that.  Yeah?  Mhm. Your first couple of days, and I was like, “Is Ronald TV acting?” I was so confused because your voice was like here, I was like “Wait, Ronald knows he has to speak up, right?” But the last two days, you have been in theater, and I was like, “Wow, that’s an adjustment.” Have you started to prefer one? Because I know that when I first did film I quickly learned that I kind of liked that more.  3.1 PHILLIP LIM suit and talent’s own necklace and bracelet. I think I have found it easier to disappear into a character when I’m doing film or TV versus theatre, because with theatre I’m always so aware of the audience’s presence. It’s kind of hard to just check them out and be with my scene partner. When I’m doing a film it doesn’t feel like a scene partner, it feels like a thing that’s happening, an interaction that’s happening, but on stage it always feels like a scene. We all know that this is a scene happening, I’m going to bring my full self, and it’s going to be honest, it’s going to be full—but it’s still a scene. Sometimes with film and TV, it can feel like you’re just living truthfully under the imaginary circumstances, and you forget that they’re imaginary circumstances, and it’s nice.  And you get to travel. I just went to Tulum for New Years Eve and Christmas on a whim with a bunch of other friends. One thing I’ll tell you about Tulum is some of the food is amazing. Like Arca is the best restaurant. I heard Hartwood was great, but we couldn’t get a table, so fuck Hartwood! (laughs) But it was really annoying to be fully in a different country where everyone’s speaking English and all the tourists are fucking wealthy, annoying, American tourists. The amount of people who tried to touch my hair, I was like, this is crazy.  Are you serious?  None of the Mexican people tried to touch my hair, it was all white Europeans or Americans. So I want to go someplace that’s actually, truly different and truly a place where I can get to observe a different culture and exist within a different culture.  I want to go to Ghana and I really really really want to go to Seoul, Korea. I think I’m going to do that next year when I take my year off. . . I think it’s going to be really important for me to take a second to be a young adult just living his twenties, and to take some time for myself.  The play’s called “Daddy.”  But you’ve said it’s a love letter to your mother.   I didn’t really realize that until, [playwright] Amy Herzog told me that as she read it. She was like, so many male playwrights write these plays about their moms, and you can tell they hate their mom, but you wrote a play and all you can see is someone who loves their mom. Then she said, “This is a like love letter to your mom.”  Wow.  And as soon as she said that I was like, well, that makes complete sense, because there’s no way it couldn’t be. Part of the impulse of me writing it was to try and write a play that my mom would like.  I want to invite my mom into the fullness of my being. I want my mom to see a queer person as someone who is not having normative sex, not that these are things that I’m doing, but these are potentials of my identity. And those potentials are not scary or dark. And I think  that this play invited my mom into that world in a really exciting way, because there’s also this other character that counterbalances this and it gets to be her surrogate and her guide through the world, which I think is really fun.  I’m very lucky that there are a lot of really amazing queer playwrights who got to make impacts on the theatrical landscape in each of their generations. What I feel really lucky to be is someone who’s of a generation where I can truly invite everyone in. I don’t need to hide parts of my identity in order to be produced, and I think that we’ve all inherited that limitlessness.  PRADA shirt. PRADA turtleneck. Beautiful.  Yeah. So it was a love letter to my mom in the sense that I didn’t come out to her properly. She asked me if I was gay, in a very loving way. She was like, You’ve had a secret. And I was like, what do you want to know!? That sometimes I sleep with men? And she was like, Yeah, I just want you to be honest with me. Tell me who you are.  What do feel the role of music is in your plays? In Slave Play, music is like another character. I feel like it serves as another character in “Daddy”  as well, but in a different way.  I think when I first started writing plays I was obsessed with cracking the code of what millennial dramaturgy was like. What’s a play for a digital native, someone who grew up with the internet?  A digital native. I love that term.  How do we see the world and how do you dramatize  the way we see the world? And I think that we are one of the only generations that truly have grown up with constant stimuli from music and porn and visual media and information. So there’s no other generation that has listened to music as consistently. We’ve been listening to music since Napster. So I think that for me, to deny that music is a part of the subconscious of my plays in the same way that it’s a part of my subconscious—I wouldn’t know how. I didn’t know how to write a play without having music be a part of it. I wanted all my plays to feel like someone had just turned on their computer. I also just love music. If I had been a more disciplined child, I would’ve been a musician probably. I played the piano, I played the saxophone.  Me too, I played the saxophone. Which one, alto?  Alto! Always. Duh!  Tenor.  You played the tenor sax!  I played the tenor saxophone, that big ass thing.  That’s insane!  I took it to school everyday.  That’s insane! Who has time for that? I was first chair.  Of course you were.  Yeah, but I would always quit after like two years. I would be good enough to get first chair and then I’d be like, I’m bored. But I always loved music.  Would you ever consider writing lyrics and collaborating with people?  Mm-hmm. I’ve written lyrics, yeah.  Cool.  I have a credit on two albums but I’m not going to tell you which ones.  There are so many things I don’t know about you. Introduction by Sid Feddema and Miles Griffis Photographer: William Lords. Stylist: Rika Watanabe.  Grooming: Izumi Sato using Bumble and Bumble at Salon87. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    RODARTE dress and gloves.  GIVENCHY dress.  SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO dress.  TOM FORD dress and CHOPARD jewelry.  TOM FORD dress and CHOPARD jewelry.  RODARTE dress and gloves. VALENTINO dress. New York is full of famous people trying to look like they aren’t famous and not- famous people trying to look like they are, so when Julianne Moore walks into Cafe Cluny in the West Village, it’s instantly obvious that she’s part of the former category.  Dressed in all black—black shoes, black pants, black sweater, black coat, black sunglasses, black hat—she’s the classic archetype of a New Yorker, but with something more to hide than most of us. Like the fact that underneath all that winter gear, she’s Julianne Moore.  Hat and glasses removed, the secret is out. With hair color somewhere between pumpkin and persimmon, and facial features so expressive that talking with her is as if one of those How Are You Feeling Today? posters came to life, she’s a vital force, even at nine in the morning, and even though she’s done enough interviews to last two lifetimes. When I ask if she finds the experience of being profiled stressful, her face contorts from steady and serious to open and reflective until at last she lands on theatrical exuberance.  “It’s kind of unusual, because nobody’s ever going to get to know you, really, over the course of an interview, even over the course of a few days or a couple weeks. They’re going to form a capsule of you,” she says. (Serious.) What about that several- thousand-word John Lahr New Yorker profile that came out a few years ago? “I mean, come on, it’s also enormously flattering to have a long New Yorker profile. It certainly serves my ego.” (Reflective.) On this last line, she unlocks an ear-to-ear smile and holds a hand to her chest, eyes wide and leaning in towards me. “‘Oh, it’s all about me!’” (Theatrical and exuberant.)  To engage with Julianne Moore in conversation is to get a real life reminder of the diversity of her talents, for in person, she exhibits a tiny shade of everything. Her strength is in shapeshifting—from indie darling to blockbuster star, siren to cipher, warmth to frost—while rarely having to default to the Hollywood tradition of spackling a star in prosthetics, draping them in period costume, and calling it a day. She is so studied that even with the hallmark of her terracotta hair, you lose contact with Julianne Moore the public figure within seconds of seeing her onscreen.  RODARTE dress. Try, for example, to imagine Julianne Moore playing basketball. Her husband (director Bart Freundlich) and her two children play, and paparazzi shots of Moore courtside at Knicks games indicate that she at least understands the rules of play, but she says she is the only non-athlete in the family. Fine, fine. But what if, by some impossible circumstance, Moore became the Knicks’ star shooting guard? And in the last minute of a championship game against the Celtics, the Knicks were down by one, and Moore walked onto the court as their secret weapon? At first, it would seem impossible that the fifty-eight- year-old, five-foot-three actress—an Oscar-winning Hollywood heavyweight, star of over seventy films and a handful of TV shows, gun control activist, children’s book author, parent, New Yorker, redhead, former soap actress, waitress, and Boston resident—could just course-correct years of flagging energy and missed opportunities.  But you could still see it, right? If Julianne Moore told us she could do something, who are we to say she can’t?  ***  But first, Gloria. That is, Gloria Bell, the title character of a film by the same name that is Moore’s latest release. Directed by Sebastián Lelio, who originally made the film in Spanish five years prior, Gloria Bell is a story about a middle-aged woman grappling with a recent divorce, two adult children who have flown the coop, an unstimulating office job, and whose internal life is complex but not heroic—all of which is to say it’s the kind of movie rarely greenlit in Hollywood. The Guardian called Moore’s performance “predictably brilliant.” And it is.  She is more muted here than in her performances as, say, Maude Lebowski or Havana Segrand, but she plays the character of a mother who refuses to shrink away (or make herself a shell of empty longing for her children) with finesse. At a nightclub she meets Arnold (John Turturro), another divorcee with two children, and begins a relationship destined for a different kind of loss. “Let’s put a regular woman with an ordinary life at the center of her own story,” Moore says of the film. “Then you can see how dramatic and full it actually is.”  Moore’s best moments in Gloria Bell are those of Gloria alone, uninhibited, and uninterrupted in her own world. In all her fullness, Gloria loudly sings along with the radio as she drives. She goes to nightclubs alone and dances, largely free from the insecurities of a younger woman. She comes into some weed unexpectedly, and smokes it alone and without pretense, because why not? With this, Lelio lets viewers in on a secret: there is more to Gloria, and older women in general, than we allow. We are taught to equate aloneness with loneliness, but Moore’s vivacious performance as Gloria dispels that myth.  SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO dress. In Gloria’s life, her children (played by Michael Cera and Caren Pistorius) are a focus rather than a fixation, a subtlety that Moore expresses fully. “As a person with a 21-year-old right now, the thing I can say about being a parent is that it’s so intense. It’s so, so intense for twenty years,” she explains. “But everything you’re doing as a parent is teaching your child to move away from you, and at a certain point, they really start to move away. I think the shock is that they’re so enmeshed, and then it happens really suddenly. And then there’s that fear that you haven’t parented correctly.”  Moore also has a sixteen-year-old daughter, so her nest, at least for the moment, is still half-full. In fact, while filming a remake of After the Wedding, Moore’s daughter came on board as a production assistant, and with Moore’s husband directing, the movie became a bit of a family affair. “Usually when I’m at work, I go back to my room and have time to focus on my lines. In this case, Liv would come back and I’d be like, ‘Did you get any lunch? Are you okay? You want to sit down? What’s going on?’ It was just a little fuller than it usually is.” Freundlich was content staying on location in Oyster Bay, New York at the end of the day, but Moore and her daughter would drive to a local hotel to sit and talk, “and watch The Bachelorette, which is awesome.”  Parenting sounds like it can be heartbreaking, tragic even, I say. “I wouldn’t say that it’s tragic. The thing that’s great about Gloria, the thing that I love, is that her children have no idea about her inner life. There’s a different relationship between kids and parents,” Moore explains. “Oddly, you might know more about your children’s lives than they would ever know about yours. Then, of course, the person she turns to when she’s in trouble is her own mother. I loved all that kind of layering.” She pauses to think. “I find it intensely emotional, but I don’t think of it as being tragic.”  ***  VALENTINO dress. When Moore says something is intensely emotional, you kind of have to believe her. Would you doubt an astronaut saying space is cold? She traffics in the intensely emotional: in the 2014 film Still Alice, for which Moore won the Oscar for best actress, she plays a linguistics professor at Columbia who is diagnosed with early onset Alzheimer’s disease. It’s another of Moore’s film roles where, though she is right there—with her same hair and similar style and even same home city and same co-star she’s been partnered with on-screen before—she is so fully a linguistics professor named Alice Howland that Julianne Moore ceases to exist for 101 minutes.  Part of that phenomenon can be attributed to fact that Moore diligently researches for each of her roles. “I’ve always made sure that I knew my lines really well, but I am even more prepared now than I used to be when I started out,” she says. The researching is her favorite part. “Now, I find that I need to know more and more. I want to know things that are really specific.”  When she was growing up, Moore wanted to be a doctor. (“Can you imagine?” she asks. I can.) So for Still Alice, spending time with neurologists and surgeons, and taking acuity tests to learn what it’s like to get the initial Alzheimer’s diagnosis, was engrossing for her. “It’s really, really challenging to diagnose somebody. A person will come in and discover that they’re just exhausted and low on sleep or stressed. But there are people who are very good at covering it up, because they’re smart, because they have advanced memory skills. Doctors told me about this woman who came in who was able to pass all these tests, but was physically presenting symptoms with problems of executive function, like stains on her clothes.  “I think sometimes directors might think, ‘You don’t need to know that because this is not exactly about that.’ But I need to know in order to ground it in something that’s true, because I do feel that the audience feels it. It’s that thing when you watch a movie and the language is slightly wrong or a street sign is wrong, and the minute that happens to an audience, they go, ‘This isn’t real.’” Enabling the audience to suspend disbelief is very important for her, she says. “If anything, I’ve gotten more and more deliberate in my preparation.” GIVENCHY dress and tights. This commitment to research accounts for the ease with which Moore disappears into roles. For Bel Canto, an opera singer. In Boogie Nights, a maternal porn star. Magnolia, a drug- addicted former golddigger. Sarah Palin in Game Change, one half of a struggling lesbian relationship in The Kids Are All Right. A silent era film star in Wonderstruck.Twins in Suburbiconand twins in As The World Turns. A star-shooting guard for the Knicks.  Along with her iconic roles, Moore has also played minor characters that become surprising cult favorites. One of those is Nancy Donovan, a high school flame of Jack Donaghy, Alec Baldwin’s high-powered (and, in retrospect, Trumpian) character from 30 Rock. Donovan is defined by the heavy-handedness of her Boston accent, her devotion to the Catholic church, and her whipsmart comebacks. “Nancy Donovan has a core group of fans,” Moore tells me, adding that she loved doing comedy.  In contrast, how does she prepare for a role as a real person like feminist icon Gloria Steinem, who Moore will play in an upcoming Julie Taymor project? What kind of research does that take?  By way of example, she pulls out Steinem’s most recent memoir, My Life on the Road, from her big black bag. “I watch a lot of interviews. I listen to stuff,” she says. And she’s been talking with Gloria herself, to try to get her cadence and tone right. “I got to her house for the first time and when she opened the door, I almost started crying. I got really overwhelmed.” What Moore finds admirable about Steinem in particular is that she’s stayed consistent in her message and behavior since she first came on the scene. “Especially with the criticisms and the barbs that have been thrown at her, she never takes the bait. She’s just a major American political and humanist figure. She’s someone that we should all be really, really proud of, and glad to have lived at the same time as.”  When I bring up that Moore is known to play complicated or difficult women, she delivers a wisecrack in the same cadence (though sadly not the same accent) as Nancy Donovan.  “Ah, that’s just something someone put on my Wikipedia page! Somebody wrote that twenty years ago. I hardly think that Nancy Donovan is a difficult woman, right?”  VALENTINO dress and shoes. I almost push back before I come to the realization that, when you watch enough Julianne Moore movies, your expectation for complexity and depth can sometimes yield a false positive. Nancy Donovan isn’t the same as Gloria Steinem or painfully unhappy housewife Laura Brown (The Hours) or passionate, dying lover Sarah Miles (The End of the Affair) or unflinching political radical Julian (Children of Men)—but she is still wonderfully funny. Isn’t that a kind of depth in its own way? After Donovan returns from the ladies’ room on one 30 Rock episode, Donaghy asks her what took her so long. “Ah, the usual ladies’ room nonsense,” she says. “A girl with boyfriend trouble, someone forgot tampons, everybody was bad at science and math. You know the drill.” Pitch perfect delivery in that over-the- top Boston accent. *** Moore is adept at shapeshifting partially because her family moved around a lot when she was young. Her passion for acting came when they settled for a few years in Frankfurt, Germany, where Moore (whose real last name is Smith) attended the Frankfurt American High School. She appeared in a few plays, had a supportive theater teacher, and decided to pursue the acting path post-high school, with her parents’ wary support. She moved to Boston for college, where she was a cocktail waitress at a bar called the Up and Up Lounge on top of the Howard Johnson’s in Kenmore Square. “They hired me as a cocktail waitress when I was a freshman, then I eventually became a bartender, then by the time I was a senior, the funny thing is, they said, ‘If you want to stay on, you can start as a night manager at the hotel.’” (I can imagine it.) Moore laughs at the memory. “I was like, ‘Uhh, I’m going to move to New York and be an actress.’”  The rest is history.Well, kind of. GIVENCHY dress. There are dozens of feature stories on Julianne Moore that you can pick up and read to learn the broad strokes of Moore’s life, her earlier challenges and her perseverance, her first big break and her first big disappointment. Not that it’s not all fascinating—it is—but Moore is forward-moving. What happened then matters, of course, but what’s happening now matters much more.  “For me, I just don’t look back,” she says when I ask if she thinks about past roles in order to influence future ones. “I’m only thinking about what I’m working on at the time and then when that’s over, I’m worried about whether or not I’m going to get another job. When I do see things from a while back, I’m like, ‘What the hell were you doing?’” She even gets surprised when she hears how many movies she’s done. “It’s almost like the things that happened [before] just don’t exist to me.”  That doesn’t change the fact that we’re all interested in her—past, present, and future. If we’re all reading about Julianne Moore, who does Julianne Moore read about?  Ideally, head of the Special Counsel investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 election, Robert Mueller. Not who I thought she was going to say. “He has not uttered a word publicly since he started this investigation,” she says, and for a brief second, I wonder if she could pull off playing Mueller in a movie. I can imagine it. “In a world where people are constantly speaking and uttering statements on Twitter and on Instagram, here is this central, incredibly enigmatic figure who is hopefully accomplishing something major and he has not said a word. That’s something that I think is really, really compelling.”  TOM FORD dress and CHOPARD jewelry.  *** The Knicks don’t win, by the way. Not for want of trying, of course—with Moore’s appearance, the whole arena was invigorated, the city enraptured, the throngs brimming with feeling. For a long moment, victory felt within reach. But sometimes victory is just not as interesting. What’s so human about glory?  The New York papers described the game the next morning in their typical irreverent way: NOW THAT’S MOORE LIKE IT and THE KNICKS ARE ALL RIGHT. The less successful free paper appealed to New Yorkers’ misanthropy: THE BIG LEB-OUCH- SKI. Many made sure to pick up a copy of all three, presumablyto stash in closets until the time came to share the story with their great-grandkids. The drama, the intensity, the improbability and simultaneous hyperreality of it all. What a moment. “You had to see her,” they’d say. “She made it look so easy.”  Moore, the morning after the game, woke up as if nothing had happened. Yesterday, she may have been the city’s most unlikely basketball player, but today, she’ll be someone else.  Photographer: ioulex.  Stylist: Danielle Nachmani at The Wall Group.  Hair: Serge Normant using Serge Normant Hair Care at Statement Artists.  Makeup: Hung Vanngo at The Wall Group.  Manicure: Gina Edwards using Tom Ford Beauty at See Management.  Location: Colony Studios, Brooklyn.      Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Simone Rocha Autumn/Winter 2019 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by Jordan Levy After “Roseate” was released at the end of 2018, Ioanna Gika provided a glimpse into the blueprint for the baroque new-age rave she had been conjuring. Now she returns with the video for the latest track “Out of Focus.” In the surreal postmodernistic clip we see the ethereal Gika perform the track in slowmotion draped in flowing Olivier Theyskens gowns. The videos imagery of crisp  blue tones is a high contrast to the haze and commanding sounds of the track. Her performance is further subverted by her costar surf champion Jake Caster, presented as Greek god Pan, gliding in a man-made indoor wave pool. A struggle and dance with a few demi gods outside a green house exterior in the snow and as well as a moment in front of a brutalist building feels like a procession somewhere between Drawing Restraint and Holy Mountain. Ioanna Gika, Thalassa is out April 5th via Sargent House Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                                           Photos courtesy of Christopher Kane Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                     Photos courtesy of Ashley Williams Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Kiko Kostadinov Fall/Winter 2019 Photos courtesy of Kiko Kostadinov  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Saweetie is struggling to hear over a blow dryer. We’re in a small photography studio in Santa Monica and the 25-year-old rapper is honing her look before the shoot. Everyone was a little late (traffic), but now the space is humming with garment hangers sliding across clothes racks and paper grocery bags shuffling snacks to their designated areas. Saweetie is seated in a sweatshirt, juggling two stylists preparing her for a shoot, interview questions, and FaceTime calls from a teenage sneaker broker and influencer. Last night she hosted the holiday party for her management company, and she’s preparing for a halftime appearance at the Warriors-Kings basketball game in a couple of days. But despite this dizzying to-do list, the Bay Area native is relaxed, almost unbothered. It’s just another day in Saweetie’s world. MIU MIU jacket, briefs, and bracelets, I.AM.GIA top, and PALOMO SPAIN pants available at Please Do Not Enter, and talent’s own necklace. Saweetie was born Diamonté Harper in Santa Clara and raised about thirty miles north in Hayward, California. When she wasn’t enjoying the adoba and pancit dishes of her mother’s Filipino culture, she sat on her father’s lap watching him play bones with friends in their apartment off Tennyson Road. During those games she remembers Too Short and tile slamming, Mac Dre and dro. “We get lit in the Bay,” she rightly proclaims, but her music exposure went beyond the locals. Saweetie’s mom made sure to pepper her with Lil’ Kim and Foxy Brown and alternative rock.  Rap made the biggest impact though, and she’s known that she wanted to pursue it herself since her early teens. She still went to college, despite some indecisiveness about the venture, migrating south to San Diego State—where she was the first woman to audition for their mascot—and ending her collegiate run at USC. “When I came out to LA for college, I was a tomboy,” she reveals. “I would wear sneakers to parties. But you get to LA and it’s a different world. I was always fly, but LA is a different kinda fly.” It’s a more defeating kind of traffic too. Some use her father’s Mac Dre and dro combo to deal; Saweetie started streaming freestyles to Instagram.  DB BERDAN top, FAIRFAX OPTICAL sunglasses, stylist’s own earrings and talent’s own necklace. This was partially inspired by her Young Money fandom and the interplanetary mixtape run of Lil Wayne. Her first video was the “So Gone Challenge,” a freestyle challenge over Monica’s velvet 2003 track of the same name. But her fierce flow over Khia’s “My Neck, My Back” instrumental is what kick-started Saweetie’s career. It caught the attention of Island Def Jam’s Max Gousse, who would become her manager, at a Puma event no less. He insisted on releasing it as a single, and the finished product, “ICY GRL,” has cleared sixty million YouTube views. “ICY GRL” is pure flex, uninhibited female bravado. She sighs at her lack of time for these hoes / Speaking on my name like I’m someone that they know, and she claims her place at the top: I’m the big cat bitch, yes these niggas love me / Is that Gucci on my feet? Shit, bitch it might be!  DIESEL jacket and boots, ADRIANA IGLESIAS bodysuit, stylist’s own earrings ﻿Saweetie majored in communication, and the skills she honed are apparent in her interviews. The same can’t always be said of those interviewing her. While there are obvious examples of casual misogyny—chiefly Hot 97’s Ebro Darden asking “Are you a ‘rapper-rapper’ or just a pretty girl who raps a little bit?” in the first two minutes of his interview—many non-cringey treatments of the self-proclaimed Icy Queen suffer from careless misframing. For instance, her place in the lineage of Bay Area hustlers who picked up a mic is often mentioned as passing biography rather than as essential to who she is as a rapper. MIU MIU jacket, briefs, and bracelets, I.AM.GIA top, PALOMA SPAIN pants available at Please Do Not Enter, and talent’s own necklace, and talent’s own necklace. Mac Dre’s 1993 Young Black Brotha doesn’t get the popular recognition of his early aughts music, though it taps the crux of his mystique. As producer Khayree breaks down a coasting beat, the Thizzle luminary says, I’m from the V-A double L-E-J O / and you know hoe / the things that we say are simple and plain / nothing but game. He dictates the name of his hometown in the northeast corner of the San Pablo Bay like it’s the final round of a hustler spelling bee, and the ethos of spitting game that he espouses applies to the whole Bay Area. Saweetie doesn’t record 15-second pro-bono verses anymore, but those freestyles blossomed from twenty-five years of meditating on these Bay Area fundamentals.  OFF-WHITE C/O VIRGIL ABLOH shirt and Y/PROJECT earrings available at Please Do Not Enter. The first freestyle that she uploaded to her SoundCloud account uses Juvenile’s “400 Degreez” beat, and she insults the taste of your body fluids like Dre would serve your man papers. Even over a Mobb Deep beat she aligns with her home area’s finesse icons. Saweetie burrowed deeper into the Mac template for her High Maintenance EP, released in March. It’s a quick, twenty-three minute flash of Saweetie’s experience, Bay attitude and Los Angeles glamor, a carousing joyride with shotgun blunts on a clear 101 (“23”). On “B.A.N.” she makes Too Short proud by being “all about her commas” and willing to throw bricks through windows if necessary. She salutes Lil’ Kim by treating men like Pokemon, pulled out of a roster only when a situation calls for them (“Agua”). “My favorite Kim line is, trying to impress me with your five G stones / I’ll give you ten G’s nigga if you leave me alone,” she says. “It’s simple.” YUNG REAPER jacket, 3.1 PHILLIP LIM top, HUDSON JEANS jeans, stylist’sown boots, earrings, and sunglasses. But she’s a bit hesitant to associate herself with personal legends, even when the comparison is positive. In an interview with HardKnockTV she reminds critics that this is her first project, and that it’s unfair to say she’s not as good as ‘x’ rapper who’s been around for decades or to prematurely put her on a pedestal. “I still feel like I’m on the come up,” she insists.  Progression was her focus this year. “I just got comfortable recording in a studio. It used to take me forever to record. I’m comfortable with my voice now and I have an engineer I love. His name is Brian and I’ll fly him anywhere.” Their relationship is “telepathic,” she says. “I remember asking him about the ‘five star dick’ line on ‘High Maintenance,’ she continues. “I omitted the word ‘dick’ and doubted my choice. It’s obvious what I’m saying, but I didn’t want it to seem like a mistake or be corny. He told me to keep it.”  OFF-WHITE C/O VIRGIL ABLOH shirt and pants, NIKE bra, Y/PROJECT earrings available at Please Do Not Enter, and talent’s own necklace. You can hear progression in the frigid delivery on her latest single, the Cronkite-produced “Pissed.” She opens the track sipping rosé and infuriating Republicans (“Making white man money so these white folks pissed”). “I was in first class, wearing this watch, actually,” she tells me while gesturing to her diamond-encrusted Rolex with a similarly jeweled Easter pink nail. “You know just having my drink and the guy across kinda looks at me, makes a face and then notices we have on the same watch. When he realized it, he made an even uglier face.” Begrudging boomers aren’t the only target—there’s a surplus of smoke for Instagram lurkers and guys who act like they didn’t DM her first.  POPPY LISSIMAN glasses, stylist’s own top and earrings, and talent’s own necklace. For 2019, Saweetie wants to keep being the “West Coast nigga with a boujee-ass sound” (“Up Now”) in everything she does, whether music, charity, or business. Besides projects with super producers No I.D. and Timbaland waiting in the vault, she’s working on her Icy Girl lip-gloss beauty line and establishing scholarships for underprivileged and underrepresented women in her hometown. “When teachers tell you to go to college, you’re not trying to hear it,” she observes. “When you see somebody that looks like you, speaks like you, that reminds you of you, you’re going to listen to that advice.” She’ll continue to chase a number one album and single—“Trust me, it’s coming”—but there’s room to spread her priorities. For now, there’s a photo shoot to dominate. It’s been a rapid rise, but Saweetie’s comfortable with the pace she’s set and hungry for more. “It’s hard to step outside of what I’m doing to realize my place in all of this. Everybody says I’m growing fast, but because it’s me, I don’t feel that. You always want it to happen now.” Photographed and Film by: Benjo Arwas at Seen Artists.  Styled by: Zoe Costello at The Wall Group And Mui-Hai Chu.  Hair: Dimitris Giannetos using L’oréal at Forward Artists.  Makeup: Paul Blanch using Pat Mcgrath at Tomlinson Management Group.  Manicure: Lisa Pena Wong using Dior Vernis at Opus Beauty. Cinematography by Scott Smith    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Huishan Zhang Fall/Winter 2019  Photos courtesy of Huishan Zhang Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                           Photos courtesy of JW Anderson Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Molly Goddard Fall/Winter 2019  Molly Goddard Fall/Winter 2019  Molly Goddard Fall/Winter 2019  Molly Goddard Fall/Winter 2019  Molly Goddard Fall/Winter 2019  Molly Goddard Fall/Winter 2019  Molly Goddard Fall/Winter 2019  Molly Goddard Fall/Winter 2019  Molly Goddard Fall/Winter 2019  Molly Goddard Fall/Winter 2019  Molly Goddard Fall/Winter 2019  Molly Goddard Fall/Winter 2019  Molly Goddard Fall/Winter 2019  Molly Goddard Fall/Winter 2019  Molly Goddard Fall/Winter 2019  Molly Goddard Fall/Winter 2019  Molly Goddard Fall/Winter 2019  Molly Goddard Fall/Winter 2019  Molly Goddard Fall/Winter 2019  Molly Goddard Fall/Winter 2019  Molly Goddard Fall/Winter 2019  Molly Goddard Fall/Winter 2019  Molly Goddard Fall/Winter 2019  Molly Goddard Fall/Winter 2019  Molly Goddard Fall/Winter 2019  Molly Goddard Fall/Winter 2019  Molly Goddard Fall/Winter 2019  Molly Goddard Fall/Winter 2019  Molly Goddard Fall/Winter 2019  Molly Goddard Fall/Winter 2019  Molly Goddard Fall/Winter 2019  Molly Goddard Fall/Winter 2019  Molly Goddard  Photos by Ben Broomfield/ Molly Goddard Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                                                                                                                Photos courtesy of Burberry Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                                     Though the Frieze art fair brought the rain from London into Tinseltown, the weather didn’t stop our friends from across the city’s art, fashion, and nightlife spheres from descending on lively neo-burlesque Pour Vous to celebrate our latest masterpiece, #TheElementalIssue. There, with help from collaborators and conspirators at K-town gallery Commonwealth and Council, and a jay-walk across Melrose from the hubbub of Frieze LA, party people sipping Peroni’s were mesmerized by both our lenticular art cover by Cayetano Ferrer, himself on site, and the sightly acrobatics from Pour Vous’ talented roster of performers, who danced with the crowd to soundscapes from NTS radio’s Ike and Water Sport.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Famed Saatchi Gallery London has a their first pop-up gallery in LA for the next month, taking over the former Taschen Gallery space on Beverly, where they will be showing British artist Philip Colbert’s Hunt Paintings, presented by Unit London, and part of the Frieze Los Angeles VIP program.  The exhibition is the young London-based pop artist’s first solo show in America. Curated by Sacha Craddock, the exhibition will feature a series of large-scale paintings and sculptures, as well as a VR experience, which will allow the audience to immerse themselves with Colbert’s Lobster alter ego in his "World of Art."  Colbert’s multidisciplinary approach, with a focus on oil painting, updates the legacy of pop art collage for the internet age, pushing the boundaries of artistic imagery and immersive experience.  The show will also feature the premiere of a multimedia collaboration titled “Year of the Lobster” between Colbert and renowned art auctioneer Simon de Pury. Presented as a satirical pop song crossed with an art auction, the video co-star’s de Pury and Colbert’s alter ego Lobster. The use of iconic logo riffs, saturation and layering are consistent with Colbert’s paintings and reflects the advanced excesses of art, capitalism & technology and serves as an honest reflection of society today.   Like British pop artists before him such as David Hockney and Derek Boshier, Colbert’s work is heavily connected to California and American pop culture, light, and landscape, as seen in the young artist’s surreal hyper pop works, which are highly influenced by the time the he spent in Joshua Tree. Colbert's oil paintings challenge and toy with the viewer’s cultural vocabulary, superimposing commonplace banal objects onto painted faces and merging portraiture with popular culture in a Magritte-like fashion. Frequently narrated by the distinctive personality of Colbert’s comical lobster alter ego, he states, “I became an artist when I became a lobster.”  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Anna Sui Fall/Winter 2019  Coach 1941 Fall/Winter 2019  Eckhaus Latta Fall/Winter 2019  Luar Fall/Winter 2019  Marc Jacobs Fall/Winter 2019  Michael Kors Fall/Winter 2019  Philipp Plein Fall/Winter 2019  Proenza Schouler Fall/Winter 2019  Telfar Fall/Winter 2019  Vaquera Fall/Winter 2019  The Row Fall/Winter 2019  Tom Ford Fall/Winter 2019  Tomo Koizumi Fall/Winter 2019 How the absence of Raf Simons’ Calvin Klein show would impact the New York fall show season posed a question in perpetual debates and discourses throughout the eight days full calendar program that was very weak on the fashion front.  What Simons brought to Calvin Klein and to American fashion in his three shows for one of the pillars and anchor of New York was to frame the Calvin Klein brand with the narrative as the torch bearer of American pop culture, of which fashion is always an integral part.  As part of that construct, Simons incorporated all the possible and easily identifiable icons – the cowboys, the prairie girl, Jaws, Mrs. Robinson, Andy Warhol democratic art and in particular his 1983 photo journal ‘America’, the firefighters, popcorns, car crashes, criminals – and casted a range of models that are the new face of the country.  The absence of designers with this capacity to craft stories that link  clothes in an emotional strain, has left a void behind. A New York season particularly light and fragile on content, for all the clothes coming down the catwalk with just several designers who proved otherwise with exceptional shows.   One show in particular came at the absolute end of the show week, in the vast open space of the Park Avenue Armory. Practically in the dark, with white focus spotlights shining on models as they came within range – Karlie Kloss, Christina Kruse and a special appearance by Christy Turlington Burns – wearing cocoon coats, spectacular floral print satin cocktail dress with feather embellishment or an off shoulder black taffeta v-neckline corset dress decorated with beads and feather in the front.  Jacobs show was less about telling any story in particular; rather the show was about the story of fashion - of how the craft and the careful construction of clothes can create a marvel of a garment and of how all these clothes, some sumptuous and a few more mundane, can deliver an emotional response not only to an eager audience but also to a respective customer. It was the New York season’s strongest show and one of Jacobs’ best in recent year, merging the wonders of fashion with a keen but not overt sense of commercial viability.  In a similar vein, Lazaro Hernandez and Jack McCollough at Proenza Schouler deployed the methodology and craftsmanship of making clothes to dissect and reassembled garments very much like the way the conceptual artist Sol LeWitt did with the variations and permutations possible within the basis structure of a cube.  Proenza Schouler had taken LeWitt’s investigation of the essence and concept of art using three dimensional cubes that started with the simple cube and stacked them in multiple ways as his grammatical tool, leaving to create structures made to breakdown a garment and recompose it at times with just parts onto another garment leaving the final product with a state of unfinished.  “Pieces were created with remnants of things that once were, thus calling on one’s memory to complete the composition,” the designers said in an email post-show.  That meaning the front of a black leather biker jacket as a vest on top of a dark navy coat and matching pant with the leather belt looping behind, part of a black jacket lapel as a scarf on top of a leather trench, cut out black backless knits with belt paired with pattern mock tank, half of an acid wash denim jacket on top of a khaki coat or a knit bra with belt on top of a blue knit dress. The collection had all the hallmark of Proenza Schouler as they left behind last season’s brief excursion with an all denim collection in favor of returning their signatures like the mannish coats and jackets, the fine range of tight ribbed knitwear, the cut-away and unusual inserts like a part of a ruffle leather skirt tucked underneath a navy blouse and pants. The show felt like the first of many chapters to come since they returned to New York after a year in Paris.    Despite the familiar stomping by the young friends who walked the clothes at Vaquera – a collective comprised of Patric DiCaprio, Claire Sullivan and Bryn Taubensee, there was something poetic about the outright rejection of the symbols of wealth and establishment as the designers magnified and ridiculed the sartorial attire associated with the upper class.  In a Xeroxed note given after the show, the designers described a duplex penthouse circa 1927 with all the enclosed tropes – double height foyer with Corinthian columns, dining room with jade obelisk, regency style bedrooms, and the roof terrace. In clothes that translated to a sort of bastardization of the kind of clothes one would expect from the wealthy Upper East siders namely the designers poked fun at what they saw perhaps as the unequal status in society.  In the Vaquera world, a formal double breasted jacket was now enlarged to become a super oversize coat-dress worn with a vest underneath, a school boarding school girls uniform became a cropped stripe puff sleeve blouse with brown skirt and neck collar the size of a vest, a lady-like bow blouse came in pink satin with long skirt, and a regular ball gown was now inflated to giant proportions with white and lilac stripes and a big white gift wrap bow on the front chest.  Blouse or corset in curtains fabrics, towels pants, wallpaper cummerbund or dresses in lampshade fabrics were other garments inspired by the duplex’s décor.  It was a radically different reality for those not accustomed to the real thing.  Michael Kors had all the accouterments down to the minute details that reminisced the heyday of the Studio 54 era in the late 70’s in clothes – the patchwork leather blouson, coat and dress, the violet sequined dress with matching feather boa scarf, the black and purple floral print ruffle dress also with feather scarf, or the oversized crystallized lapel tuxedo jacket with black feather sleeves paired with black hot pants, and in atmosphere – with Barry Manilow dressed in a red sparkling jacket and black pants performing live in the finale singing his hit ‘Copacabana’.  And for men, the shiny Mongolian lamb biker, Studio 54 logo shirt, MKC large belt, flare washed jeans, the shiny lilac snakeskin blouson, spread collar print shirt and flare window pane pants or shiny metallic flare pant suit all worn with chunky leather platform heel boots. The models seemed to be walking right off the paparazzi photos from the era where going out required a lot of work. While Studio 54 and the disco era is very much part of the American identity, and a very specific one for a small group of people exposed to glamor of being there while the rest observed from party photographs in newspapers and magazines, the theme did provide the Kors collection with a cohesive bond, however the show seemed more like a time warp than now– even if the clothes can sure find new fans.  At Coach, now in his fifth years, the designer Stuart Vevers left MidWest America for the California coast on a journey along the scenic Route 1, where an encounter at the famous restaurant Nepenthe, the Big Sur hangout spot with panoramic views, lead to a collaboration with the artist Kaffe Fassett’s psychedelic floral design that appeared on garments throughout the show with a strong merchandising cast in outerwear, especially those floral prints on shearling coats and vests.  To make the collection more in tune with what people wear on the street, Vevers mixed light chiffon print dresses, a Coach 1941 staples, like a purple print short dress with plaid long walk shorts or a rigid floral print coat with soft black sheer chiffon shirt dress underneath combining soft and hard elements into one look. Great shearling coats and vests came in a range of colors and patchworks that anchored a commercial collection showing that lacked the juice that fuel fashion. Tory Burch posited her fall 2019 collection within the narrative of the Black Mountain College, founded in 1933, a breeding ground that shaped many of the great American artists of the twentieth century like Cy Wombly, Robert Rauschenberg, Willem de Kooning and Merce Cunningham.  “This season is a mix match of revamped classics – floral prints, graphic stripes, menswear materials and romantic silhouettes.  There’s a modern eccentricity to raw fringes, exaggerated ruffles, knife pleats, cut-glass jewelry and deconstructed bags and sharp boots,” Burch said in a printed show program note.  The idea of an academic art community providing the clothes with a narrative that allowed Burch to be more experimental and more playful with her clothes than in past seasons, compared to past shows that tended to be focused more on products. Last season, where Burch recalled how her parents took months long boat trips and the kind of clothes they would pack and wear for these far away journeys; whereas this time, the art college backdrop provided a thread that weaved together different facets of Burch’s fall clothes. Wool felt grey or olive/blue long coats with brass buckles, red and black print blouses and long skirts with pleat trims, or a simple white cotton blouse with ruffle neckline and checked viscose short skirt and ended with black layered chiffon dress, wool striped poncho and stripe crepe de chine skirt, or embroidered cardigan and print silk skirt.  This being an art environment, the mountain paisley print block silk floor length dress alongside a satin down coat with floral lining makes total sense in the way Burch had added a more bohemian element to the clothes. Yet the striped orange and brown wool blazer and pants with personal initials on the pockets can be worn at any school or at any other non-academic milieu.   On a particularly hushed and brisk Monday morning, faux show attendees showed up on Greenwich Street, seemingly a world away from the line of photographers outside of show venues, flaunting their outfits in hopes of obtaining a photograph of their extraneous fashion week look. Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen displayed their fall clothes in their third-floor concrete office-showroom complete with wooden planks functioning as temporary chairs. A world away from the cacophonies, models strolled nonchalantly, wearing black thigh-high boots, leather sandals, paired with new coats, jackets, and shirts that explored the interplay of earth-tone hues, luxurious fabrics, and cuts made to emphasize linear silhouettes. Models donned outfits like a grey double-breasted, lapel less jacket with matching cigarette pants and a mock neck blouse or a camel cashmere suit paired with a hidden button jacket, a large funnel neck blouse, and either a front slit skirt or matching slim pants. Dresses came in several iterations either as black flare wool long dress, as white cotton oversize turtleneck with embroidered trims or as a simple long sleeve turtleneck long wool dress. A rare evening V-neck white dress made an appearance, decorated with clear crystal beads, the only garment with any sort of embellishment. Long reversible shearling coats and fur coats were paired with hand-knit, neutral tone, cashmere dresses. Cotton blouses with longer sleeves were worn untucked to enhance the ease and rendered the overall look to be much more casual. Behind the surface of the ever-so-present soft cashmere laid the handiwork and design elements, often in plain sight but also so subtle that one had to look closely to discern the way the fabrics were gathered perpendicularly to form two rows of lines that enhanced the chest and waist of a camel collarless long sleeve coat. Volume and fitted shape came together in garments, allowing one element to interact with another with little needs for any accompanying fairy tales. A breakout this season was Tomo Koizumi, who’s first showing as a guest at the Marc Jacobs Madison Avenue store was based off of pure joy of fashion as it celebrated unrestrained creativity with a series of colorful polyester ruffle dresses – from orange and red ruffle sleeves to red, white and pink ruffle skirts. While the clothes were not entirely conceptual, they would require the designer to carefully plan out his next step to move from a hit show into establishing a small business. But Koizumi certainly started on the right foot, showing that he could transform simple materials into astounding garments. The 29-year-old Raul Lopez, former co-founder of Hood By Air, worked under the reversed order of his first name Luar and showed his genderfluid clothes while celebrating his New York and Dominican roots. The collection of deconstructed clothes – thin pant legs each shredded into two pieces to reveal underpants beneath, black Saga fur blousons with giant sleeves, pinstriped dresses slashed on the sides and extreme wide-leg denim pants with front zippers. Lopez is one the few underground designers growing up in the late-night clubs of New York whose aesthetics are part of the accompanying scenes although these clothes had greater commercial viability than previous looks. These clothes are the manifestations of a generation of young people who grew up with less restriction on how they should view patriarchy and norms. In a similar way, it seemed as though small changes were everywhere. Mike Eckhaus and Zoe Latta progressed this season with a finesse permeating throughout their show, but without surrendering the independent spirit they stood for that shows in the language of their clothes. Tom Ford abandoned all the glitz and sequins of last season for a show including strongly feminine, finely tailored clothes that looked rather sensual on the male models. Jeremy Scott left behind his kaleidoscope of colors for a tabloid newsprint theme of stark black and white prints and sporty clothes. Anna Sui remained true to her own sense of aesthetics without compromises – this time she took her collection through the colorful lenses of the 60’s and 70’s. One cannot really fault Philipp Plein for the arduous tasks and efforts for staging two separate shows in between a three-course dinner at the Grill, the former Four Seasons Restaurant off of Park Avenue, to provide the right atmosphere for what was mainly a client event rather than a formal press show. The clothes were as expected and the context worked. After a serving of salad, the first segment of the show felt a bit too luxurious as older gentlemen strolled out in crocodile coats, blousons, and silk velvet tuxedos for the higher end Billionaire Couture purchased and re-launched in 2016, as it’s catered to a specific market. Just after the waiters cleared the main course, models came out in a range of sporty coats, camo suits, skin-tight dresses, and a range of puffer and outerwear with a visible logo etched in to mark the 20th year of the brand.  But the show that connected most with a wider sense of the culture space was Telfar Clemens at the rock concert hall Irving Plaza. Staged as a multidiscipline performance with the actor-playwright Jeremy O. Harris narrating a four-part monologue alongside dancers choreographed by Xavier Cha, DJ Ashland Mines, and live performance by Oyinda, the rock band Ho99o9, and the rappers Butch Dawson and Na-Kei, Telfar had his models come on stage and fall into the awaiting crowd of the brand’s supporters who then caught each one and carried them forward. Theater, fashion, dance, and music were all combined to form a community just like all of us together form a ‘country,’ which was the title of this breakthrough show where the clothes were familiar signatures. Clemens, an outsider to the established fashion system, very much like Raf Simons– a foreigner looking to ascertain American identity, created a diverse community in his show that represented the current face of America. He did so because of the pressure for inclusivity that is exerted on fashion brands over the last several years. Telfar’s immersive experience defines a new roadmap for American fashion at this point in search of a new identity and surely a new audience. How to achieve this goal was up in the air and the fall shows provide little clues as to the path forward except for a few designers who stuck to their own vision. “Conceptual artists are mystics rather than rationalists. They leap to conclusions that logic cannot reach,” the artist Sol DeWitt once said about the work of conceptual artist. Few fashion designers today are considered conceptual artists in the sense that they execute bold ideas and with a grand scheme. Photos courtesy of respective fashion houses.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   KIM SHUI coat, BEVZA shoes, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings and rings. At 31, Hannah Bronfman has already established herself as an author, DJ, wellness advocate and entrepreneur. HBFIT, her health and lifestyle site, works as an online hub for everything fitness and clean living, offering vital health knowledge and exploring the latest beauty trends. As a DJ, the ability to read a crowd and choose a vibe to disperse among an audience is imperative. Bronfman has essentially brought this approach to her life, from making nutrition and wellness more easily accessible to drawing upon past health experiences with her new book, Do What Feels Good. Sitting down with Flaunt, Bronfman dives into the making of her DJ sets, the role wellness plays in her everyday life and future endeavors within the health and beauty realm. ﻿As an author, DJ, and entrepreneur, you must be a multi-tasking pro. How do you juggle these professions? Time management is definitely key, but everything that I do complements each other, so it’s easy to toggle between all of them. For instance, DJing, is now happening once a week for two hours in the evening, so that doesn’t take up a lot of my time. What takes up most of my time is running HBFIT and creating content for different partnerships that I have. I live and die by my iCal. You’ve DJ’d for some of the most prestigious brand events; Bvgalri, Dior, Fendi, and Moet-Chandon, to name a few. How would you describe the mood of your music sets? Mood totally depends on what the event is and how the client is feeling. A lot of these brands have very specific activations that they’re doing. For instance, Bvlgari, if it’s serpent-themed they might want a desert vibe and you’re playing instrumental music, or if it’s an after party for Balmain, it’s going to be a fun, dance party. Everything just depends on what the client wants and then I just go from there. Having a good knowledge of music history obviously really helps and staying up to date with new music. When you curate your own sonic set for a party, what does it sound like? Definitely a mix of 90s hip-hop and today’s hip-hop and R&B. If it’s my own party, it’s a full-on hip-hop dance party. If it’s a dinner party, I’m definitely playing R&B mixed with Brazilian and African beats. SLASHED BY TIA dress, ONLY HEARTS bra and underwear, DIOR shoes and  ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings and rings. On set, who are go-to artists in rotation? Justin Timberlake is always a classic that people love no matter where in the world you are. Flight Facilities seem to always be a great cocktail hour. And then even mixing in Kali Uchis and Doja Cat. When you’re background music, people aren't necessarily listening to the lyrics of things, they just want a good vibe. I find Doja Cat and Kali Uchis are both great artists to mix in there and VanJess, who I love. HBFIT aka HEALTH BEAUTY FITNESS was a product of your love for health and wellness. In what ways do you hope to inspire other’s self-care routines? HBFIT is really a community; it’s a media company that serves the community of like-minded women who are definitely on their health journey, wanting to discover and dive in to certain trends that are happening in the wellness world. We hope we motivate and inspire our readers. In our newsletter, we always have some sort of studio spotlight, which is a studio that we’ve partnered with that is giving special rates to our readers for classes. That ranges from actual fitness boutiques to acupuncture places or meditation spaces. We’re constantly trying to surprise and delight our community and make wellness very attainable for our communities, especially for those who don’t live in New York City and have access to the wonderful world of boutique health. We also partner with different subscription services so that you can bring the convenience of working out into your home. We do a lot of partnerships there so that we can make wellness as accessible as possible. We definitely hope we’re getting people up and moving and thinking about how they’re talking to themselves and portraying themselves to others. Throughout your perpetual career, what’s the most powerful advice you’ve been given? Some of the most powerful advice that I have been given is that our bodies really know more than we think and that things happen for a reason and we need to trust that. I think it’s important to have a deeper understanding with yourself to know when an issue arises, to understand where it’s coming from because I believe that getting to the root cause of an issue is how you start to create change.  What’s your day-to-day self-care routine? I start my day off with a celery juice. At some point in the day I’m making myself a tonic or a latte whether it’s something in the morning like a bulletproof MCT situation, matcha, or in the afternoon, it’s some sort of tea with adaptogenic herbs that I use as a pick-me-up. Making myself some sort of tonic or latte based on how i’m feeling at that time of the day is my little moment of checking in with myself. I try to get a workout in everyday but sometimes I don’t; it’s hard to say day-to-day but on a weekly basis, I try and cook for myself three times a week and try and make that a priority and say no to certain social events if I have a packed week. KENZO dress and shoes and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings and rings. Tell us about your newly released book, “Do What Feels Good.” Do What Feels Good is a culmination of everything I’ve learned over my 10 years in the wellness world and on my own personal journey of self-discovery. I’ve met so many experts and holistic practitioners and I’ve amassed a really great fundamental understanding in things that I bring with me every single day in my life. I really wanted to give that out to people but also give people a little bit better of an understanding of what led me to wellness because it’s a little bit more personal and deep than what I share on Instagram. Just growing up in a really negative body image world of ballerinas and having a grandmother who suffered from anorexia her whole life; those were things that really affected me as a young girl and how I got over that and found my own confidence. I think it’s a story that so many people can relate to, whether it’s ballet or not, every girl goes through issues of body image and acceptance and identity. There’s a lot of personal things sprinkled throughout the book along with delicious recipes, a lot of DIY beauty, which is a lot of the ingredients can be found in your own pantry, a lot of bath concoctions—I'm a huge bath girl. A lot of the recipes are gluten free, dairy free and refined sugar free but I don’t like to say that I subscribe to any one way of eating, besides the fact of eating whole foods that I know are nourishing my body and taste good. Thoughts on “cheat days?” Whatever motivates you to stay on course for the week, even if it is having a cheat day. So much of food is mental, and I really hope that people find a better understanding of themselves through my book. What’s one health/ beauty trend that you would recommend for everyone? Play around and figure out what makes you feel good, and also push yourself out of your comfort zone from time to time. Either wear that bright, bold lip or wear your hair big and curly; taking some of those risks that we’re not so comfortable doing is a really liberating exercise.  Any plans for a second book? At the moment, no. I thought about this book for the last five years and now I’m out of my twenties and moving into my early thirties and hopefully motherhood soon, I’m sure I’ll have more thoughts on other subject matters or wellness as I evolve. But for now, we’re just doing what feels good.  What’s next for your entrepreneurial endeavors? A lot of things are next. I’ve spent the last two years developing two different products, so I’d really like for them to come to market. So, product, and some really fun collaborations with some brands, which I’m very excited about. Photographed by Danielle Reuther. Styled by Bianca Arielle Bailey. Hair: Amanda Wilson using Oribe at Opus Beauty. Makeup: Joanna Simkin using Fenty Beauty at Opus Beauty. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   KORI NEWKIRK. RHYTHM AND WARMTH, 2013. C-PRINT AND ACRYLIC. 35 1⁄2 X 27 IN. EACH (90.2 X 68.6 CM) SALVATORE FERRAGAMO jacket, PRADA top, skirt, and shoes. COS jacket, shirt, and pants, MODERN WEAVING earring and talent’s own shoes. Once upon a time, the unimaginatives out there would often quip that the only culture found in Los Angeles was in that of its myriad yogurt shops. That the most creative form of expression in the Southland was a traffic-less journey up the 405. That a “white cube” was an after-hours aide you bought by the dozen from a guy called Kurt the Hurt in an alley off Melrose. Oh, how afraid The Institution has long been of unpredictable LA, now enjoying a goiter-like presence in the contemporary art world, despite churning out ingenuity in the space for a long, long time. Long unafraid of The Big Orange, though, have been the Brits, who for decades now have forsaken the somber Dickensian margarita (the worst of limes) for the Skinny Bitch (the best of limes), chomping at the cannabinoidal bit for anything Californian. And so: art fair Frieze Los Angeles, the inaugural chapter—which follows the established fairs of Frieze London and its successor Frieze NYC, both of whom sprouted like heather-berries from discerning Frieze magazine. The whole to-do will include a spectral assortment of talent, programming, hobnobbing, and a glimmering close-up at (where else?) Paramount Studios.  Of course, any legacy needs its local sage, and so art fan and artsy non-profit-helming Bettina Korek has been given the keys to the coach. “Bettina was the perfect person for the role of Executive Director, as she knows the city and its art scene so well,” Victoria Siddall, Director of Frieze Fairs, shares from Blighty. “I am also thrilled to be working with Ali Subotnick [whose interview you can catch with Frieze exhibitor and this issue’s cover creator, Cayetano Ferrer, on page 206] and Hamza Walker on the curated program, as well as Kulapat Yantrasast on the architecture, all of whom are based in LA.” She continues, “Frieze has always done fairs differently. Our fairs are places where art is made, discovered and debated, as well as bought and sold.”  Indeed, the proof is in the pudding, and the Frieze Los Angeles program would rival mum’s Boxing Day best. Beyond the 70-strong participating galleries’ showings is a site-specific curation known as Frieze Projects, lead by the aforementioned Subotnick, and inclusive of LA art staple Kori Newkirk, seen here in the faux NYC alleyways of the Paramount backlot portrait-side to Korek.  “Frieze never loses sight of their editorial roots when creating an event,” states Korek, who knows something about roots, having lead the non-profit ForYourArt for the last twelve years. Their righteous mission: “to expand art’s place in everyday life.” She continues, “The ‘Conversations on Patronage’ series will bring civic and arts leaders together with artists and patrons for expansive dialogues about how systems of support function throughout the art world. We have also reimagined the Paramount backlot as a city where art is at the heart of civic life, and invited an array of creative enterprises and experiments in patronage, providing windows into the many art worlds of Los Angeles.”  Newkirk, a DTLA resident and a frequent lecturer at universities and museums both local and far afield, is not unfamiliar with the layered and amorphous art worlds of Los Angeles, often wedged into the cracks overlooked by the all- powerful entertainment complex. He considers his pertinent Frieze Projects contribution: “For the last few years I’ve really been paying attention to TV antennas. I consider them their own endangered species, as they are less and less frequent. For Frieze Los Angeles, I’m using television antennas as the basis for a sculpture. I’ve been thinking a lot about the transfer of information and the whole who-what-where and when of it.” Korek could be described as an LA antenna of sorts herself, helping to convert the otherwise scrambled artistic signals bouncing about the Southland sprawl into something coherent and substantive. “The opening of Ruben Ochoa and Mark Bradford’s project SWAP at the Charles White Elementary School Gallery,” she references enthusiastically, when asked about art happenings in LA that have helped shape her approach to the city, “marked a looking beyond the museum campus to ways of bringing the museum to neighborhoods. The project was commissioned by LACMA and included additional pieces from the museum’s collection by Edward Kienholz and Ken Price. It was fantastic.” That Korek cherishes an arts project that not only exceeded conventional practice and audience but also that of city space reinforces an ethos appropriate for the new Executive Director role. This is LA after all, where neighborhoods are the art, where magic is both augmented and invented, uncharted and box office sold; where a megalopolistic shape-shift is afoot, replete with urban overhauls and the globalized snarfing up of gargantuan and/or unusual space from Burbank to Boyle Heights. There is no guidebook. These seismic shifts in the city’s structure are nowhere more apparent than Downtown, which, as we’ve been repeatedly informed, is well into a “renaissance.” Newkirk, for his part, when asked about changes he’s seen to his home neighborhood of two decades and how they’ve influenced his current output, smiles and remarks, “I don’t know how much it has changed my work, but it has certainly changed my life. I have only ever lived in ‘Downtown’ downtown—twenty-plus years in the same place, the same street. I’m increasingly anxious about my place in the neighborhood and the city in general. Los Angeles is a deceptively tough city. I’m not sure this is the place for me to talk about these issues right now. What I will say is that I was invisible in certain ways and reasons when I moved here, and now I am invisible in different ways and reasons...but always very visible. I see it as the superpower of the powerless.” Indeed. Entertainment-exporting LA may very well be ready for a powerful import of sorts, Frieze Los Angeles may refreshingly peel back the sunshine to reveal the odd, yet aesthetically pleasing cloud, and Newkirk, along with thousands of other creators and makers and boosters and buyers, will likely greet the fair with open arms, for dysfunctional assimilation is what makes this city tick, what makes its inhabitants Angelenos.  Photographer: Stefano Galli.  Stylist: Britton Litow.  Hair: Marvin Grace at Opus Beauty.  Makeup: Raoul Alejandre at Opus Beauty. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Y/PROJECT top and ACNE STUDIOS pants. Jake T. Austin’s filmography from 2002 to 2015 portrays as the dream resume for those brought into the world as a child actor -- appeared in commercials around the age of five, first major voice over roles for Nickelodeon at six, and at 13, starred in a series on the winner of them all, Disney Channel.  In 2007, Austin was playing Max Russo, little brother to Selena Gomez’s character Alex Russo on the Disney series, Wizards of Waverly Place. The show went on to win three Emmy awards over the course of its four seasons. A film even came out of the series, Wizards of Waverly Place: The Movie. When looking back at his time with Disney, there isn’t a hint of negativity. “Pretty much the exposer from Disney is what opened up many doors for me,” he recalls. “It was a huge learning experience, getting to be on such a successful groundbreaking show at such a young age. Probably one of the most educational experiences of my life. While most kids were going to school, my education was a film set. The set was my upbringing.” OUR LEGACY jacket, USED FUTURE turtleneck, THE KOOPLES pants, and MAISON MARGIELA shoes. Fast forward to 2013, Jake found himself on another distinctful series, the ABC Family show The Fosters. Jake took the role of Jesus Adams Foster, twin brother to Mariana, played by Cierra Ramirez. The series went on to last five seasons, but his involvement with the show ended after season two, and his role was recast by Noah Centineo for season three. There was a lot of speculation as to why he left The Fosters. Talks of bad behavior on and off set went around. Around this time, Austin says he fell into “the trap of being in Hollywood, running with the wrong crowd, making some bad choices and also not taking the work seriously.”  As someone who spent his childhood on multiple series, he believes that taking on the role of someone else for years played a part in his behavior. “For a while I was really enveloped in the characters I was playing and connected to them, but as I was growing up in front of the camera and going through puberty and going through my life, I kind of lost sight of who I was as a person,” he says. “Meaning I knew the characters I was playing really well, and I knew their characteristics and their backstories, but as I started discovering who I was, I started losing touch in many ways.” AG JEANS jacket and pants, URBAN OUTFITTERS jacket and belt, ACNE STUDIOS top, and stylist’s own glasses. Looking back, he thinks that this time in his life is in some ways, indefinsiveable. “Over time, I started losing the sense of the love and passion of things I took for granted. I started not remembering my lines, not taking my craft as seriously as an actor should. That started happening on the second series, on The Fosters, when I was 18 or 19 and I was going through a lot of periods; who do I follow, who do I associate with, influences and things like that, and I just think that there are certain decisions that I made in the past that looking back I would definitely do differently,” he explains.  After The Fosters, there was a gap in his career which hadn’t happened since he was five. And he believes that recast was necessary, saying that being replaced “was probably the best thing that could have happened to me, because it prevented me from getting too big for my britches and really prevented my behavior from getting worse.” DRIES VAN NOTEN shirt, THE KOOPLES pants, GUCCI shoes, URBAN OUTFITTERS belt, and stylist's own sunglasses. And things have changed. Today Austin is interested in fully embracing his roles, looking at life through a genuine filter, and diving deeper into film. He is currently working on Adverse, opposite Mickey Rourke and Sean Astin. The neo noir drama sets the tone for roles he’d like to take on. “The subject matter is a little bit heavier, a little bit darker, it’s about addiction, it's about the choices that we all make and what happens when we make the wrong ones. I just think there's more depth in this role than some of the roles that I've played in the past,” he says. Throughout the photoshoot, to which Austin introduces himself to every single person on set and knows each person's name by the end of it, appears incredibly invested in his environment. He asks a multitude of questions from beginning to end, completely absorbed and interested in what everyone has to say. He asks for advice on what area to look into when searching for a new place, compliments the stylists choice of clothing, and makes a waitress who accidentally interrupted mid-interview smile by ensuring that she did absolutely nothing wrong.  HELIOT EMIL top, MAISON ULLENS pants, and DAILY PAPER belt. When talking of plans surrounding acting, he illuminates a love for filmmaking overall; whether that be acting, directing, or writing. As he explores the layers of stories and characters, Austin explains that he is just now understanding the magnitude and responsibility of the media, where are before he saw himself as, “someone who said lines and didn’t think of the quality and content that I was apart of.”  As someone who has played certain characters for years, he is set on subjects unfamiliar and outside of his reality. “I’m interested in diving deeper beneath that surface, exploring the layers besides the stories and characters. You know, people are very interesting, There is not one perfect person, not one truly evil person. Good and evil can reveal themselves at different times in the same person's life,” he says. “I’m just interested in exploring those sides of humanity through film.” Photographed by David-Simon Dayan. Styled by McCall O'Brien. Grooming by Jayson Medina. Photo Assistant: Petros Toufexis. Styling Assistant: Art Wong. Location: Kimpton La Peer Hotel Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   And now, “To me, with love, Fiorever” presented by Bvlgari It's nearly Valentine's Day, and we at Flaunt implore you to defy the uninspiring Lovers' Day conventions... to embrace the inner you, the powerful, independent, and eternal you, and while Romancing the Own, don some Fiorever stones!  Directed by: Alyn HortonDirector of Photography: Tate McCurdy1st AD: Lily PhamGaffer: Nam LuongStyled by: Mui-Hai ChuProp Stylist: Caiti HawkinsHair: Nathaniel DezanMakeup: Jadyn NgoManicurist: Erin MoffettLocation: CreativeDrive, Playa Vista #Bvlgariofficial #Bvlgari #valentinesday Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   BVLGARI Fiorever Necklace in Pink Gold and Diamond, Fiorever Necklace in White Gold and Diamond, Fiorever Necklace in White Gold and Diamond, Fiorever Earring in Pink Gold and Diamond, and Fiorever Bracelet in White Gold and Diamond. BVLGARI Fiorever Bracelet in Pink Gold and Diamond and Fiorever Ring in White Gold and Diamond. BVLGARI Fiorever Ring in Pink Gold and Diamond. FLORESTA floral bouquet. BVLGARI Fiorever Bracelet in Pink Gold and Diamond. BVLGARI Fiorever earrings in Pink Gold and Diamond, Fiorever Earcuff in White Gold and Diamond, and Fiorever Necklace in White Gold and Diamond. BVLGARI Fiorever Ring in White Gold and Diamond and Fiorever Ring in Pink Gold and Diamond. SELETTI plates. BVLGARI Fiorever Bracelet and Ring in White Gold andDiamond. SELETTI cup and saucer. Photographer: Kanji Ishii at Farimah Milani.  Model: Mari And Sonja at Parts Models.  Styled by: Mui-Hai Chu. Production Assistant: Morgan Vickery. Manicurist: Yukie Miyakawa. at Celestine Agency Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019  Boss Fall/Winter 2019 Photographed by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Marc Jacobs Fall/Winter 2019  Marc Jacobs Fall/Winter 2019  Marc Jacobs Fall/Winter 2019  Marc Jacobs Fall/Winter 2019  Marc Jacobs Fall/Winter 2019  Marc Jacobs Fall/Winter 2019  Marc Jacobs Fall/Winter 2019  Marc Jacobs Fall/Winter 2019  Marc Jacobs Fall/Winter 2019  Marc Jacobs Fall/Winter 2019  Marc Jacobs Fall/Winter 2019 We all waited anxiously during the course of this entire New York fall show season for 6PM on Wednesday night, the last show on the calendar for many reasons. Foremost, because none of us had seen any great fashion the whole week and were dying to see something good. Upon entering, the Park Avenue Armory was in near darkness with three small rows of black steel stool placed in the middle of the vast space. There was an immediate sense that the scale of the show was much more intimate as the audience was about seventy five percent less, even considering the smaller amount of guests in recent seasons.  And at precisely 6PM and in a span of eight minutes or less, Marc Jacobs delivered a magnificent collection in exactly forty outfits with each model walking in darkness until they reached the white spotlight in front of the audience. Their silhouette reflected back on the black, shiny floor while the American Contemporary Music Ensemble performed a live version of ‘Aheym’ by Bryce Dessner. Christy Turlington closed the dynamic and lyrical show in a black, all feather and black beaded dress highlighting a collection with a wide breadth and scope of high fashion. The proportions, like the setting, was much more scaled down than the super size garments of the last two seasons.  The clothes were smaller, but not the spirit.   Somewhere in between Christy Turlington’s last feather dress and Karlie Kloss’ charcoal grey flare coat and black leather pants, was a collection that had many of the Marc Jacobs signature look over the years – the big bow blouse paired with a gingham pant suit, the long mock neck green silk sequined long sleeve dress, or the pink floral print taffeta dress with ruffle neckline. The volume of the clothes had shrunken to manageable proportions this time, but still retained their slight oversize especially in the range of coats like a large collar, red plaid, wool coat worn over a fuschia taffeta print skirt. There were great cocktail dresses like the strapless white taffeta with black floral print and long train and black feather corset alongside the black stain strap dress with ruffle shoulders. The light blue leaf petals strapless dress and the bright yellow taffeta long flare dress, worn by Adut Akech, were masterpieces from the incredible workmanship of the atelier. A great combination of glamour and ease was the bluish sparkling feather cape and the long sleeve floral print dress.  In the middle of the exquisite couture level clothes, was a simple cashmere blue-gray Shetland sweater worn with a white cotton blouse and black flared short wool skirt. Being surrounded by all that glamour, the clothes didn’t diminish the desirability of this simple ‘day’ look. This emphasis throughout the show on day clothes or more commercial garments, attracts a wider range of customers without giving up on the fashion quotient and is a critical component to the brand’s financial health.  Here, witness the solid range of outerwear in both the fashion as well as commercial iterations – gray shorter sleeve cocoon wool coat, shorter sleeve cocoon wool coat, leopard print alpaca coat, black and white windowpane cape coat, silk satin floral print flare coat, light green cashmere belted coat, furry gold black leaves spotted coat, or a brown and orange cashmere horizontal stripe coat, black and white windowpane cape coat, silk satin floral print flare coat, light green cashmere belted coat, furry gold black leaves spotted coat, or a brown and orange cashmere horizontal stripe coat.  Despite the glamour and couture fashion on display, the show felt less an exercise in abstract fashion than say Spring 2019 or Fall 2018.  Here and now these clothes, even the extravagant dresses, are easy to wear and look at because they were made to evoke emotion, not intellect. And what’s here is also an attempt to take back the definition of fashion, especially at the designer level fashion, that has been taken over by the streetwear craze as the only way to woo younger audiences and consumer segment. This Marc Jacobs show may point the way designer fashion can succeed without succumbing to streetwear.  Photos courtesy of Marc Jacobs  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   ALIONA KONONOVA top, TOPSHOP body suit and bracelet, SILVIA TCHERASSI shorts and belt, MALONE SOULIERS x EMANUEL UNGARO boots, COURTNEY BENSIK earrings, MARC JACOBS bracelet, and stylist's own bracelet. Julia Jones has taken her lifelong dream and turned it into a promising career by being a dedicated and ambitious hard worker. While attending Columbia University in New York City, the actress took the action needed to fulfill her aspirations, which has led her down the path she molds to this day. After speaking with Julia, I was left with feelings of ambition and hope. Her empire state of mind convinced her to set her goals and cease all obstacles that come her way, until she made it. And she did.  I know you’ve been acting since you were very young, what inspired you to continue acting after childhood or even after you went to college? I am one of those people who just fell in love with acting when I was little. I was eight and playing Michael Darling in Peter Pan. I then went to college and in the back of my mind still thought I would get into acting Downtown and do theater while I went to school in New York. Then I fell into modeling and that became my college experience. Balancing modeling and travelling with my course load and it was actually through modeling in a way that I found my way back to acting. I wasn’t fulfilled when I was modeling and going to school because I knew what I wanted to do and I wasn’t doing it. Those were really fun and exciting years and I was learning a ton but I just fell off course a bit. There was an acting coach, I still work with her she’s amazing, her name is Susan Batson, and at the time a lot of models were working with her. She was recommended to me by another model and I just walked right into her studio one day and took her class. Afterwards she really pushed me to get back into acting. She just said, ‘You know, if this is what you want to do, you should do it. Just do it.’ And so, I woke up at five in the morning the next week and did a mailing with my headshot and resume to acting agencies in New York. I got an acting agent from that and then did my first film a couple months later. Ultimately very proactive, but a little accidental also. I read you went to Columbia and earned a degree in English. Why did you choose Columbia and why did you choose to major in English? Well I chose Columbia because it’s in New York. My parents are both professionals and they didn’t take to my acting ambitions when I was younger. I think they were partially hoping that I would grow out of it and do something more serious. Which is why I wound up at Columbia because it was an acceptable school for them and it was in New York for me. So I had these sort of secret dreams of starting my acting career when I was in college. Which wound up happening, but not in the way that I was planning. That’s why I chose Columbia because it’s in New York and I figured I could act while I was there. And then the English major I chose because- well I don’t think I would do this differently, although I wouldn’t recommend this to other people trying to figure out what to major in. I chose English because I didn’t have to go to class. It just involved reading and writing papers which I could do anywhere. On trains or planes or in makeup chairs, anywhere. And I also went so far as to choose classes that were taught by professors who were more interested in their studies or their books than their teaching, so they never took attendance. That’s the truth. But, what wound up happening was I use my English degree as an actor, constantly. Because you’re really just reading scripts and analyzing, that’s what you’re doing as an actor. And as an English major you're reading books and analyzing. So again, I sort of upwardly failed my way in doing something that was helpful to me. And also I was a real bookworm as a kid, I actually did more reading. That was my escape and my safe place and reading has just been a huge part of my understanding of the world and who I am and all that. I’m still like that, I’m a closet nerd big time. It’s also because Columbia didn’t have a theater department. That’s why I didn’t major in theater, I probably would've done that, but they didn’t have one. TEATUM JONES t-shirt, SILVIA TCHERASSI dress, PIERRE HARDY shoes, and COURTNEY BENSIK necklace, bracelet, and earrings. When you were cast as Leah Clearwater in Twilight, what was it like? Was it a long process? How did you feel when you finally got the part? I remember getting the call for the audition for that role and when they were telling me about it I had a visual reaction. It almost felt like things started to shift in that moment. Then I just became completely obsessed with those books from that phone call. Until my first audition, I hadn't read them. So I just read them all. Then I had a first audition and I went back a bit later to read for the director and the producers. At that point I had focused so much on this character and getting to know that world, that I hadn’t really paid as much attention to the words as much as I should’ve. I remember reading at that audition and realizing, ‘Oh, I paraphrased the entire scene. I didn’t say the words on the page.’ I was in character but I didn’t do the audition and I was mortified. Then, this is the crazy part, after that second audition for the director I was getting on an airplane and as I was boarding the plane, the man in front of me looked really familiar. I realized it was the director that I had read for yesterday for Twilight. I was super nervous and for whatever reason I tapped him on the shoulder and I said, ‘Hi, I’m Julia. I read for you yesterday, for Twilight.’ And he looked at me like he had no idea who I was and it was very awkward and I felt like such an idiot. Then I boarded the plane listening to them, he was with someone, and they were discussing my audition. I was listening to them discuss my audition and I just was like, ‘I can’t believe I did that.’ So, halfway through the flight I was reading and I had a window seat and I hear, ‘Excuse me, no, the other girl, that girl,” and I looked up and it was the director. He had walked to where I was sitting and he said, ‘I just wanted to let you know that you did a great job and there’s a lot of things that have to happen between now and casting, but fingers crossed.’ The weirdest thing was we were on a flight to Vancouver, which is where we wound up filming the movies. So I landed in Vancouver and I had that feeling again like, ‘Woah. Something’s shifting.’ Then it was like another month because they had to audition so many people and I didn’t hear anything. Oh, that’s the other thing he said was, ‘Just remember no news is exactly that. It’s no news. It’s not bad news.’ Which is something that I think about still when I’m waiting to hear about things or something doesn’t work out not knowing. So a month later, I got the call that I had gotten the role and then it was another month before I could tell anybody. So there was a month of knowing that, feeling energetically like everything just completely changed. Not being able to tell my friends felt like I had this double life because I was taking meetings and doing stuff related to Twilight but I had to lie to people about where I was going. It was really crazy. Very surreal, the whole experience.  Your new film, Cold Pursuit, is coming out this month, congratulations. What can you tell me about that, your character and what filming was like? Thank you! I had the best time making this film. My favorite part about the experience of filming it is just the comedy of it. It’s a dark comedy and it’s very dramatic. I mean it’s action thriller and so there’s a lot of drama of people dying and high stakes. It was really fun to be something different. To play in this new genre that I didn’t understand in the beginning, I had to sort of learn that. It was a challenge to incorporate the dramanistics of my character with this brand of humor that was very new to me. I had a lot of fun being challenged because there was super talented, wonderful people and I really had the best time.  Do you prefer playing more challenging roles? Yes. If I had to pick one thing that was important to me about the roles that I choose or that I would want, it is a challenge. I think when you’re challenged, you’re always learning. And so no matter what happens, no matter whether if the movie does well or doesn’t do well, you gain so much from the experience because you were challenged and you pushed yourself and you had to do things that you hadn't done before. So you come out of it bigger and better and with more knowledge and more information and more confidence.Are there any different types of roles that you want to play in the future that you haven't played before? Absolutely, so many. I actually would like to do an action movie but where I have part of the action! I was a dancer and I actually like the choreography of fighting and of planning the sequences. I also, I find that it’s really important to work with people you respect and that you can learn from. It’s hard to say specifically, it would all depend on those things. Those are the first things.  I’m a dancer too, so that’s really cool. What type of dance did you do? I started taking ballet when I was four or five and I did that for probably about ten years. Then I got too tall and grew boobs, so I segwayed into jazz and modern. Then shortly after segwaying into jazz and modern, I started acting a lot more. So I sort of had to choose between dancing and acting and I chose to be serious about acting. But I still did take dance classes when I was in college in New York, which was fun. TEATUM JONES top and pants, COURTNEY BENSIK necklace, bracelets, and earrings, vintage bracelets, and YAYA SITUATION vessel. Do you sing? Would you do a musical?  No! I don’t sing at all, at all! It’s pretty sad actually because if I did, yeah I think I would probably love to do musicals. I wish I could sing. That’s one of my shortlist of wishes, and I’ll tell you a story about that. I took voice lessons when I was younger. I was taking private voice lessons with this woman and I was learning this German, cassical, old-school song. And we had a recital and I was singing this song that was way out of my range. It was pretty horrible and in case I was wondering how it was going, I looked into the audience and my grandfather was in the back of the theater. He’s an opera fan, he loves opera, and he’s just sitting there and he was slowly shaking his head. I think that’s when I stopped singing and gave up on that. Do you write or direct? Would you eventually want to do either of those? Yes. That’s such an interesting area. I do write and I have been writing and I’ve written something and I would love to get it made. Honestly I haven't felt like I've been drawn to directing so far. However, I just recently had an experience with a director and I could sort of relate to her and what she was doing and it broadened my mind a little bit. I think that experience made me think, ‘Well maybe I can do that,’ so I don't know. You know, I was talking about challenges and how important challenges are, I stand by that. I wouldn't be surprised if I continued to be drawn to directing. It’s sort of the ultimate challenge, I think. Is there any advice you’ve been given that has stuck with you? Yes, for sure. I think the best advice I’ve probably ever gotten relates to life as well as acting. It is to trust your instincts. And that is a challenge because often times there are a lot of factors that are conspiring to pull you into different directions. At the end of the day- this is another quote that I think about sometimes and I can’t remember where it’s from but I read it in college- it is, ‘The secret to life is everyone is everything.’ I think it just means we know were all connected and there is such a thing as truth, even though it’s really hard to find sometimes. If you can listen to that and find that, it can be all everyone does everyday, I think that’s true. Are you working on anything new right now? I am. I’m working on two things and I’m really excited about both of them but I can’t talk about them yet. I don’t have permission. I think one of them is coming out this year and will probably be talked about within the next couple of months. The other one I think is going to come out early next year and I’m not sure when I’ll be able to talk about that one. But pretty soon, maybe even any day. I don’t know. I never know. But that’s the thing about being an actor is I sometimes feel like I have a double life. You’re working on things and it’s your whole life, it’s your waking hour and you're really involved and invested in it. But sometimes that process doesn’t coincide with being able to talk about it. So this is like the Twilight thing and that can be surreal.  Do you take your own experiences and use them in your acting or do you try to make things up and use your imagination?  Both. Everybody has such a different process and that’s one of the most fascinating things about acting to me. What works for one person, doesn’t work for the other. Your constantly adding to the list of things that work for you and learning about the things that don’t. I think we are drawn to things that resonate with us. They resonate with us often because we have had an experience that is in the world of the story that you’re telling, the film you're making or the play, the show, whatever it is, your character’s story. I certainly learned about things that I’ve experienced through my work. That’s part of the process in a way even though, often times I think it’s subconscious. I think that those are things that are hard to seperate, yourself and your experiences from your choices and your work. People just make that connection and mirror it in different ways. Did you start out doing theater and would you ever go back to?  I did start out doing theater. I would say that thater is my first love. I have gone back to it and it was a wonderful experience. I would love to go back to it. I would love to, ideally, always go back to it periodically. But with theater, it’s extremely immersive and it has to just be the right thing and the right time and all these factors. The reality is that I don't have a theatre career. I just get a lot more opportunities to be involved in films and television shows at this point. But yes I love the theater. I’m actually on the board of a theater company in New York that was started by a friend of mine from High School called Colt Coeur. That has been a really grounding part of my life and career, what this theater company is about. We produce new works by emerging artists. Lot’s of times, women and minorities and it reminds me about one of the main reasons why I became an actor and why I love doing it. There’s no bullshit around it, we’re just creating stuff. It’s super simple, we’re creating stuff that we think is important and that we want to share. What do you hope you’re films tell the world? What do you want to tell everybody? I don’t think there’s one thing or five things or ten things. I think you want your films to touch people and to resonate with people and to make people think and to make people understand each other. To love more, to be more compassionate and to open people's minds up, just to connect us all a bit more. And to be entertained!  Photographed by Ana Eiriksson. Styled by Sami Martin Sarmiento. Hair by Chad Wood using Redkin at The Wall Group. Makeup by Beau Nelson using Chanel at The Wall Group. Produced by BJ Panda Bear. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   In the cobbled streets of West Village, L’Agence debuted their FW19 nomad collection, marking their second consecutive season on the NYFW calendar. Rich and earthy tones define the chromaticity of the garments while signature silks, denim, and blazers pay homage the brand’s DNA. Inspired by Californians jet setting lifestyle, the collection provides several looks that transcend both day and evening attire. We spoke with L’Agence CEO, Jeff Rudes, to get the full break-down of their FW19 collection.  What were the key inspirations for this FW19 collection? A careful deconstruction of California serves as the seasonal influence, marked by rich earth tones in red stone, spice, and pine. The subtle sophistication of luxury fabrics plays an important role in the collection’s narrative as a transcendent lifestyle collection. Tell us about the statement pieces represented for Fall and Winter. The collection is a confident stride forward, showcasing a now signature mastery of unabashed prints in sandwashed silks, stand-out silhouettes, and trademark luxury denim, a signature element of indisputable West Coast DNA.  L’AGENCE reflects a sophisticated laissez-faire attitude with a Parisian flair; How is that represented throughout this collection? We’ve gotten to know our customer more in-depth over the past year. She has an intercontinental lifestyle and requires a wardrobe that translates from red carpet LA to off-duty Amalfi with ease. She does it all at work, at home and away so she wants to look and feel great while doing it. What are the popular silhouettes found in this presentation? Travel is on the mind, with the evergreen easy to pack staples of blazers, jackets, silk shirts, shirt dresses, and slip dresses in elevated warm tones of pine greens, rust, oceana blues and red stone that will compliment any destination this jet setting muse decides to travel too. Describe this collection in comparison to SS19. The season is embracing the L’AGENCE muse’s traveling nomadic lifestyle, incorporating warm earth tones for Fall 2019 that will compliment her staple denim centric wardrobe. The go to L’AGENCE animal prints take on abstraction this season in rust and spice tones that beautifully compliment various shades of denim to emphasize a sophisticated nomadic spirit. Photography by: Jacopo Moschin Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   ZIMMERMANN dress and VIA SPIGA shoes. For those that missed Jessica Rothe’s self-obsessed sorority girl transform into heroine in Happy Death Day, you’ll be able to see the 31-year-old actress take on the role once again. Rothe will play her character of Tree Gelbman in the sequel Happy Death Day 2U, which premieres in theaters February 13; along with also starring in the upcoming 80s classic musical remake, Valley Girl. While it was her role as Alexis, the roommate of the character played by actress, Emma Stone in La La Land that broke her mold from the thriller and crime genre, her background in theater studies and trained ballet provided her with her versatility to transcend into performances starting on stage to musicals and lead roles in horror.  VITOR ZERBINATO top and shorts, MADEWELL earrings, and stylist's own. The 2017 slasher-comedy flick Happy Death Day gave Rothe a completely different experience from previous projects, and it was the complexity of her character that gave her the incentive to come back for the sequel. “The thing with Tree is she's such an unexpected scream queen. She’s this sassy, brassy, multi-dimensional human being whose flawed. She drinks and she has sex and she makes mistakes and sometimes she's really bitchy, but at the end of the day she has a new heart,” says Rothe. Appearing in nearly every single scene in the slasher definitely doesn't come easy, being that majority of the film consists of her running, screaming, and in this particular case, repeatedly dying on screen. “I definitely spent a lot of time on the elliptical and drank a lot of tea because I was screaming a lot. But the truth is, it was just fun for me because I got to be funny, scared, rageful, and heartfelt all in the same film, and it was something that I feel especially in this genre women don't get to do,” she says. “We always say the thing about Tree is most girls in a horror movie run away from the killer, and Tree picks up an axe and runs towards him screaming.” SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO dress. Happy Death Day, which is a combination of Bill Murray’s Groundhog Day and horror film Scream, takes the story of Tree Gelbman, whose life takes a turn for the worst as she is continuously stalked by a masked murder who kills her 16 times within the time loop premise. The sequel, Happy Death Day 2U, picks up right where the last one left off, except this time director Christopher Landon expands that nightmare and throws in sci-fi elements and new characters who experience what Tree has been dealing with since the beginning.  It’s no surprise that Rothe’s performance in the thriller-comedy secures her a spot as a scream queen, but in no way does she want to be boxed into one genre. While her character Tree had Rothe wearing the same outfit throughout the film, which she describes as, “easier, but by the end of the shoot you're ready to burn every single piece of clothing,” her upcoming role as Julie Richman in Valley Girl involves over 60 costume changes of a revolving wardrobe of shoulder pads, pastels, and all things obscenely 80s.  VALENTINO dress, SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO shoes, and MADEWELL earrings. She desires to take on characters that appear unreliable, the ones that keep you guessing. She mentions her love for the 2018 drama The Favourite, the 18th-century period piece starring Olivia Colman, Emma Stone, and Rachel Weisz as role inspiration. “That's what I want to do because that was such an incredible film with three badass women just taking the reins,” Rothe says. “It’s just unique and beautiful, that a film like that was made because I don't know if 15 years ago that movie would have been green lit because it’s all women and because of the story. I think it shows where we are as a culture, that we were ready for a film like that and that is so exciting.” Photographed by Danielle Defoe. Styled by Brittny Moore. Hair: Clayton Hawkins using Oribe at Starworks Groups. Makeup: Paul Blanch using PAT McGRATH LABS at Tomlinson Management Group. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                                                          Photographed by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017            In The Highline Room at The Standard, Sam Linder debuted his FW19 Womenswear collection. Design methods extend as a continuation of last season with the marriage of non-contiguous spheres- workwear and evening wear. Hand-dyed treatments embellish tees and blazers; Cuban-link chains and pearl necklaces imprint shadows to decorate in subtly. Athletic details and seams juxtapose pearls, knits, and furs; composing effortless beauty. Backstage, we spoke with Linder’s head of Womenswear to discuss inspiration and secrets behind the collection. Quilting, hand treated dying, pearls, and athleticism are key themes in this collection; What influenced these design aspects? Eclecticism. And not just for the sake of it but because of the design team and our differentiated likes. In the beginning, we all throw it in there and see what comes out.; It blends in a way we couldn’t have foreseen. What’s your favorite piece? One of my favorite pieces in this collection is the bleached blazer. We folded the arms over and bleached it, so it's the imprint from the arm and the corduroy fabric. I love corduroy; I don’t know why… I just do! What influenced your marriage of athleticism and ready to wear? At this day and age, it seems like more and more people want to be comfortable and have a good fit. I’m trying to create garments that don’t feel like workout wear but retain all the benefits. We incorporate that feeling because it's not inconsistent to have something that's inspired by athleticism. Tell us the secrets behind your hand-dyed garments. We had an airbrush, we had a spray bottle of bleach, and we basically just laid stuff down, folded it up, and sprayed it. In regards to the trail and error of these treatments, I mean, the secret of this collection is that we repurposed old fabrics from past collections. To read our SS19 Q&A with Sam Linder click here. To read our BTS FW19 menswear feature with Kirk Millar click here. Photography by: Aníbal  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Tasya van Ree  Photo by Presley Ann for Getty Images  Caroline Vreeland Photo by Presley Ann for Getty Images  Derek Mattison and Nadia Sarwar Photo by Presley Ann for Getty Images  Photo by Presley Ann for Getty Images  Mia Moretti and Janaina Devieira  Photo by Presley Ann for Getty Images  Brad Elterman and Tasya van Ree Photo by Presley Ann for Getty Images  Sebastian Leon Photo by Presley Ann for Getty Images  Aureta Photo by Presley Ann for Getty Images On Tuesday night a gorgeous crowd of creatives converged to LECLAIREUR to celebrate Frieze and Oliver Peoples’ latest artistic collaboration with artist Tasya van Ree. Housed in the top level of the design store a collection of portraits that were remixed by van Ree draped the walls, among the images were an creatives such as Sebastien Leon, Brad Elterman, Nadia Sarwar, and Mia Moretti, who also was in charge of the nights soundtrack. Photo by Presley Ann for Getty Images Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. This is a modal window. This modal can be closed by pressing the Escape key or activating the close button. This season, Boss is back in New York, where the city provides both the venue and the creative spark for the BOSS Fall/Winter 2019 fashion show. This time around the gallery district in Chelsea has inspired the new men’s and women’s looks in the collection. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019  Self Portrait Fall/Winter 2019 Photographed by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Prada Margit Leather bag  Maison Margiela’s NDN bag  Bottega Veneta’s Maxi Cabat bag  Simon Miller Large Lunch bag  Fendi’s Runaway Shopper For the most part I think we have been well behaved in our accessory habits. Perhaps last season’s binge on a $700 mini bag that barely fit my phone(or keys or actually I could barely even fit my vape) wasn’t the best way to say fuck it to the internet. In all seriousness why are we ready to return to the “Big Bag,” is it because we are craving comfort or is it because we want something to hold on to?  In many ways we can all dissect this as some reflection of a much needed security blanket. After a year of post #metoo reactions to the objectifying gaze, going arms open with the mini’s brought that sense of being proud and free of the typical patriarchal thought of a bag’s source of independence and power. Or are we scared to death about the flawed eco system we live in and come to realize that the bigger the bag the more potential to be protected against the suns harmful rays and other weather based inconsistencies? So what have we gleaned from our social stance on the bracelet bags? Maybe we need a bit more weight to carry us through life.  We now crave the big bag as a shield to the day and a practical tool to use as a means of reality. Some things continue to give us that warm feeling similar to a Fenty drop or bowl of matzo ball soup and there is a similar thought in a big bags might to bring you through spring and deliver you to summer. Regardless of the social or philosophical banter, isn’t an iconic bag always going to be an icon for a reason, but now it’s up to you to wear which ever size you favor. Above are some looks to get you #shielding.    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019  Zadig & Voltaire Fall/Winter 2019 Photographed by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Alex Israel, China Chow, Bettina Korek, Marc Covitz & Friends  Cheech Martin & Natasha Richardson  Corey & Courtney Feldman  Gus Van Sant & Paige Powell  Heidi Klum  Kenny Scharf  Kulapat Tantrasast, Maria Bell, Ed Begley Jr, Dagny Corcoran, Bill Bell   Reika Alexande, Jeffrey Detich & Thomas Hayo  Sophia Bush  Vanessa & Michael Chow  Wyclef Jean If there is a perfect time to gather all the art elite in town for a banger it would be ahead of the hotly anticipated inaugural Frieze Art Fair LA. Taking advantage of this Michael Chow brought together an eclectic crowd of art, fashion, entertainment and various other creatives to celebrate his wedding to Vanessa Rano as well as his restaurant’s 51st anniversary, the first location was opened on Valentine’s Day 1968, at his 60,000 sq/ft space in Vernon. Notable guests included Heidi Klum, Kenny Scharf, Michael Eisner, Gus Van Sant, Bob & Eva Shaye, Ron Meyer, Jonas Wood, Alex Israel, Mark Grotjahn, and Mary Weatherford. The event was highlighted by a grand meal of Mr Chow’s iconic Beijing styled dishes dishes, a performance by Wyclef Jean which had the crowd captivated and of course being that it was also Chinese New Year a procession of luck dragons and lions flooded the room, swimming through the crowd dancing and blessing them with good fortune.  Photos by BFA // Owen Kolasinski Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Prabal Gurung Fall/Winter 2019  Prabal Gurung Fall/Winter 2019  Prabal Gurung Fall/Winter 2019  Prabal Gurung Fall/Winter 2019  Prabal Gurung Fall/Winter 2019  Prabal Gurung Fall/Winter 2019  Prabal Gurung Fall/Winter 2019  Prabal Gurung Fall/Winter 2019  Prabal Gurung Fall/Winter 2019 ‘We Are the World’ should be the title given to Prabal Gurung’s fall show which featured clothes inspired by a recent visit to Jhochhen Street known to many as ‘Freak Street’ and the birthplace of the hippie movement in the late 60’s when westerners would embark on a journey for self-discovery in search of peace, love, and community. Gurung reimagined this journey where travelers departed from Kathmandu to Delhi, Tehran, Beirut, through Rome and Paris– shedding themselves to adopt a new way of being and dressing, resulted from the free exchanges of ideas – both philosophical and sartorial – in search of a “home that sees us, hears us, understand us, and embrace us with freedom and empathy.” If that sounds like activism, it is nothing new to Gurung who had taken personal, social, and political causes dear to him onto his runway and in his collections ever since the finale of his fall 2017 show as each of the models wore white tee-shirts printed with different slogans such as ‘The Future is Female,’ ‘I Am an Immigrant,’ ‘Revolution has no borders,’ and ‘Nevertheless She Persisted.’   In odes to the greatly admired Yves Saint Laurent and Christian Lacroix, both of whom were greatly influenced by their travels to the Far East, the show exploded with super bright colors such as the pomegranate and ruby reversible quilted duvet coat paired with a saffron tie-dyed blouse or a turquoise nylon down puffer with a tie-dyed cashmere turtleneck and ruffle skirt. Gurung combined traditional handicraft work like brocade of hand loomed Varanasi and a hand painted metallic palace motif with the language of sportswear and a tinkling of streetwear mixed in sweaters, jackets and dresses– all done within his own framework of innovation and quality. Unlike the past seasons where the clothes had a more precious feel to them, the garments here felt like they had been previously worn– perhaps intentionally in a nod to how the hippie generation abhorred establishment garments in favor of a more DIY approach. With the recent opening of a popup store on Bleecker Street, there was greater emphasis on tailored daywear including a houndstooth sharp shoulder jacket with black bow closure, a striped belted jacket with patch pockets, and a variety of pant silhouettes from black gabardine trousers to fancier Varanasi cargo pants, a bit dressier but still retaining that sporty allure– a theme recurring theme throughout collection. The formal and the casual mixed effortlessly like the colorful silk tuxedo shirt paired with a simple pink tube skirt. On the menswear side, first shown a year ago for fall 2018, Gurung established his signature with linear forms including long shirts and a loose-fitting silhouettes seen in the houndstooth blouson, kimono belted shirt, and long print taffeta tunic under a jacquard-fringed wool sweater. The hand-loomed Varanasi brocade bomber jacket and matching pants worn by Kohei Takabatake will be certain to have a great performance at retail. With the menswear market blooming, Gurung should ponder, and perhaps in future seasons, place more emphasis on adding a wider range of men’s products to his current offerings, just like he had done with the couture Atelier dresses. In a pioneering move, the show’s program listed each model’s name with their birth origins – Zoe (Belgian), Solomon (Columbian), Nora (British Indian), Alton (Jamaican Ghanan), Blesnya (Kenyan), Hoyeon (Korean), and Kohei (Japanese). Prabal Gurung was not alone in his advocacy of a united world of shared cultures. On this same night, and on the other side of the country, Childish Gambino’s “This is America” won the Grammys for song of the year and record of the year, the song acting as a metaphor for race and gun violence, income inequality, and social struggle in America. Photos by Mark De Paola, Lewis Mirrett, and Ulrich Knoblauch     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Eckhaus Latta Fall/Winter 2019  Photos courtesy of Nick DeLieto   Eckhaus Latta Fall/Winter 2019 Photos courtesy of Nick DeLieto  Eckhaus Latta Fall/Winter 2019 Photos courtesy of Nick DeLieto  Eckhaus Latta Fall/Winter 2019 Photos courtesy of Nick DeLieto  Eckhaus Latta Fall/Winter 2019 Photos courtesy of Nick DeLieto  Eckhaus Latta Fall/Winter 2019 Photos courtesy of Nick DeLieto  Eckhaus Latta Fall/Winter 2019 Photos courtesy of Nick DeLieto  Eckhaus Latta Fall/Winter 2019 Photos courtesy of Nick DeLieto  Eckhaus Latta Fall/Winter 2019 Photos courtesy of Nick DeLieto  Eckhaus Latta Fall/Winter 2019 Photos courtesy of Nick DeLieto  Eckhaus Latta Fall/Winter 2019 Photos courtesy of Nick DeLieto  Eckhaus Latta Fall/Winter 2019 Photos courtesy of Nick DeLieto There was a new breath of air blowing through the old aluminum Quonset hut deep in the heart of the still, slightly industrial feel of the upcoming Bushwick section of Brooklyn that lacked the modern high rise condominium construction that dotted the river banks of the borough.  In a very polished show that retained all the hallmarks of Eckhaus Latta, the designers sent out clothes that were carefully constructed with great attention on the finer details of tailoring especially on the silhouettes and volume of the tropical wool jackets, silk-nylon dresses and heavy woolen coats.   Having established a very specific aesthetic and an alluring identity that espoused the shifting shapes of garments with a DIY homespun feel always worn and shown on ‘people’ of all tribes rather than just fashion models since their first outing in 2011 that broke many of the safe guardrails of fashion, Eckhaus and Latta now focused their attention on the quality of not just their design but of the physical garments themselves.  It was clear from this show that the designers understood that the value earned from being ‘cool’ and ‘avant-garde’ only carry a brand so far and that at the end of the day the products matter greatly.  After all they have their own store in Lower Manhattan, opened last fall, on the other side of Chinatown on East Broadway. Not to mention the show at the Whitney Museum last summer where art photographers were shown along with products that viewers can take home.   The first few exits of the show demonstrated the designers’ playful twists on tailoring with a sharp cut charcoal pinstripe, staggered pant with knee cut out and leg trimming to reveal a second layer of fabric underneath paired with an olive furry asymmetrical coat, a men’s grey pinstripe pantsuit with the three button jacket with side overlay as if part of the fabrics had been slashed to show the hidden pockets, and a women’s grey pinstripe jacket with a half jacket slit at the chest as if a cropped jacket sat on top of a longer jacket worn with patchwork knit pants.  The volume on the short aqua blue parachute dress or the long parachute gown were cut with precision that the dresses seemed to float on the models’ bodies as they walked by and the back of the dresses glided in the air behind the momentum of their footsteps.  One of the denim jackets was perfect example of tailoring – for women it came in a suit with the puffy sleeve jacket cut in the front and back to emphasize the contours of the body.  There was a range of outerwear for both men and women – furry turtleneck coats, shiny belted three quarter length coats, and black broad shoulder belted wool coats – as well as knitwear that came as light pink crew neck, as multicolor patchwork jackets, pants or dresses, or as a puffy cropped cardigan. Those color and slash paint combination of fabrics wide leg jeans and the pink zig-zag pattern jeans were sure bets as their invention renditions of jeans had turned denim into the label’s bread and butter mainstay.  Less emphasis was placed on the gendered nature of the garments, this time the men and women’s clothes intermingled.   Balancing the art and commerce quotient of a fashion brand isn’t an easy formulation to concoct – how to establish a unique fashion vocabulary and also sell products on a larger scale - but Eckhaus Latta seemed to have strike that delicate equilibrium with this fall show that perhaps will herald their great leap forward on the commerce front without compromising the heart of their label. It’s true what the designers said with their message printed in red capital letters on the show notes left on the wooden chairs - ‘Sometimes life does not provide poetry’ – but that’s not true here for the show did give plenty of verses to satisfy many and plenty of new UGG shearling square toe heels and boots for many feet. Photos courtesy of Nick DeLieto   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Brandon Maxwell Fall/Winter 2019  Brandon Maxwell Fall/Winter 2019  Brandon Maxwell Fall/Winter 2019  Brandon Maxwell Fall/Winter 2019  Brandon Maxwell Fall/Winter 2019  Brandon Maxwell Fall/Winter 2019   What a difference a season can make. At last September spring show staged just off the West Side Highway complete with BBQ, hamburgers and a, fuschia pink carpet lined runway designer Brandon Maxwell celebrated his hometown Texas roots. With the intimate fall show where two rows of chairs bracing a simple white cotton walk path put the audience as close as possible to view the clothes with little distractions in the way.  Now inside a rectangular space in a side reception hall at the Pennsylvania Hotel, the décor was stripe down for the clothes to become the center of attention.  This time the celebration turned inward for a show as an ode to his mother and to the many women in his life that have contributed to his personal growth and the development of his label since that debut 2015 at Mr. Chow in New York. “I developed a deeper appreciation for women who transform the ugliness and brutality of reality into something beautiful and substantial. I found myself thinking about the potential of clothes to act like armor against the elements both physical and spiritual. The resulting silhouettes are a kind of fantasy: one that is designed to celebrate the incongruencies between what we want and what we must face,” the designer said in a printed foldout note. The brutality that Maxwell referred to is his mother recent treatments for breast cancer.  Translated that into actual clothes meant clean linear and shapely jackets or long black coat or draped satin dresses in bright greens and fuchsia pink and clothes devoid of any elements of embellishments. The opening seven looks of the show consisted of mainly the day wear quotient with impeccably made garments for everyday use – slim collar dress, slim single-breasted jacket over black belted dress, short sleeve mock neck blouse and skirt, or the perennial black suit now worn with a black sport bra. Daywear has been a strong component missing from previous collections as they were more focused on evening dressing. But for the moment at least the classic strapless dress done in black and white print, short cocktail dress in sheen satin, or red carpet fuchsia gown along with an ice blue turtleneck blouse and satin ball skirt still dominated but this time the clothes looked effortless.  As the business expands, the need for day clothes becomes more imperative and these day looks will eventually become a core section of the brand. In addition, several models carried a variety of handbags – black rectangular bag, black and white print round bag, or square transparent Lucite case with golden brass buckles. Small leather goods are now an integral part of every fashion brand large or small as the sales margins and turnovers are significantly greater.      Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019  Cushnie fall/winter 2019 Photographed by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Jeremy Scott Fall/Winter 2019 Photos by Randy Brooke   Jeremy Scott Fall/Winter 2019 Photos by Randy Brooke   Jeremy Scott Fall/Winter 2019 Photos by Randy Brooke   Jeremy Scott Fall/Winter 2019 Photos by Randy Brooke   Jeremy Scott Fall/Winter 2019 Photos by Randy Brooke   Jeremy Scott Fall/Winter 2019 Photos by Randy Brooke   Jeremy Scott Fall/Winter 2019 Photos by Randy Brooke   Jeremy Scott Fall/Winter 2019 Photos by Randy Brooke   Jeremy Scott Fall/Winter 2019 Photos by Randy Brooke  Photos by Randy Brooke Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Tom Ford Fall/Winter 2019  Tom Ford Fall/Winter 2019  Tom Ford Fall/Winter 2019  Tom Ford Fall/Winter 2019  Tom Ford Fall/Winter 2019  Tom Ford Fall/Winter 2019  Tom Ford Fall/Winter 2019  Tom Ford Fall/Winter 2019  Tom Ford Fall/Winter 2019   A light purple fur hat, an ice blue silk blouse with buttons opened to the navel, a white wool scarf, and a light purple satin pants – that was the outfit that opened the Tom Ford fall show at the Park Avenue Armory on a raining evening. Gone for sure were the loud 80’s disco music blasting over the loudspeakers, the sequins and paillettes decorating the slinky micro-dresses, and the nod to streetwear with Swarovski embellished sweatshirt emblazoned with Tom Ford Beverly Hills logo – all of that seemed destined to the dustbin of fashion history. Ford abandoned all that glitz and ushered in a new chapter of clean and elegant tailored garments for both women and men with a whiff of the mid 90’s era aura but not exactly a regurgitation of the past.    Tailoring has always been a Ford forte – in fact his menswear collection launched for fall 2008 has always been about strict tailoring not just for suiting but also for the sportswear clothes: a leather biker jacket has to fit like a glove on anybody. The silhouette was slim at the waist with cropped jacket and cuffed straight leg satin pants.  But it was not men’s tailoring translated for women – it was defined slim waist and broad shouldered jackets and coats in soft hues of pinks, blues, flesh beige and light gray were made specifically for the women’s body as none of the tailored looks felt like they were men’s clothes on women, just look at the red and black suit worn by Gigi Hadid and He Gong respectively.  The tailored clothes looked feminine.   That’s also something uncanny about Ford’s ability to render even a basic outfit such as that opening series of blouses and pants felt languorous and slick.  But here and there elements of glam sneaked in like oversize faux fur fedoras, random rabbit fur coats, and those really long scarves wrapping around the neck. The use of leathers and furs here was strictly limited to skins from the by-products of food use.  For evening, Ford sent out just simple long silk jersey column dresses many with metallic brass chains around the neckline.  And yes there was one diamond sparkling dress which was the closing outfit of the show.   The menswear portion of the show was classic Ford – shiny silk single-breasted suits cut close to the body with a cigarette pants falling just right above the leather ankle boots and great lamb leather puffer coats and hooded blousons.  It’s never easy to make a guy looked sensual and sexy in clothes but here with palettes grays and black, the models projected that sense of self-security that reverberate across the vast Armory space.   What was fascinating about Ford’s show was the designer ability to offer the right dose of fashion and an ambient for fashion at the right time.  At a moment of real uncertainty in America and around the world, Ford offered a meditative message rather than one of opulence.  Knowing how to read the temperature on a thermometer correctly and timed what the fashion should be to correspond to the current times is certainly an acumen and a skill of its own.  Not to mention the delivery of great clothes to waiting customers come the fall season.   Photos by Long Nguyen    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019  Nicole Miller Fall/Winter 2019 Photographed by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Telfar Fall/Winter 2019 Photos by Charlie Rubin   Telfar Fall/Winter 2019 Photos by Charlie Rubin  Telfar Fall/Winter 2019 Photos by Charlie Rubin  Telfar Fall/Winter 2019 Photos by Charlie Rubin  Telfar Fall/Winter 2019 Photos by Charlie Rubin  Telfar Fall/Winter 2019 Photos by Charlie Rubin  Telfar Fall/Winter 2019 Photos by Charlie Rubin  Telfar Fall/Winter 2019 Photos by Charlie Rubin  Telfar Fall/Winter 2019 Photos by Charlie Rubin  Telfar Fall/Winter 2019 Photos by Charlie Rubin  Telfar Fall/Winter 2019 Photos by Charlie Rubin  Telfar Fall/Winter 2019 Photos by Charlie Rubin  Telfar Fall/Winter 2019 Photos by Charlie Rubin  Telfar Fall/Winter 2019 Photos by Charlie Rubin  Telfar Fall/Winter 2019 Photos by Charlie Rubin  A giant American flag with a large hole cut out in the middle hung center stage at the Irving Plaza rock concert hall. Under the moniker “TOTAL FREEDOM,” the artist and DJ Ashland Mines initiated his set alongside the blues musician Robert Randolph, who performed using a pedal guitar, an instrument commonly used in the black Pentecostal church. On the corner of the stage, Jeremy O Harris, playwright of the Off-Broadway hit ‘Slave Play’ added to the extravaganza and confronted the difficult questions about the long and arduous heritage of race as he emerged to commence his four-part monologue entitled ‘Telfar Countrymxn’ as a series of letters sent to different recipients. One of the letters that Harris read out induced a sense of forging a community of shared culture – ‘How do I welcome y’all?  Don’t I, We. Us. Like soldiers A family Have placed our feet In the hands of our fellow Countrymxn Have bore their weight And felt them bear ours  In our Constructing of a land, We’s sculpted in my image Our image.  Telfar.  Country.  This is a manifesto On the state of  Our union  A Union  Of me You  And us…”  Harris, wearing a bright blue corduroy suit with an ascot tie, was surrounded by dancers performing Xavier Chaw’s choreography while close friends of the designer parted the crowd for the models as they emerged from backstage, accompanied by the vocals of the R&B singer Oyinda who sang alongside Randolph and Mines. Oyinda – in a cutout tank, leather pants, and cowboy boots – fell into the welcoming arms of members of the crowd and floated around, underscoring the sense of a community where different hands grasped and held each other to foment not only a sense of belonging, but one of protection. Community here is about trust in the hands of others– even that sort of blind trust as Telfar Clemens, like others before him, fell backward and let the crowd catch him.   In this moving tribute to community and country – ‘country as nation vs. country as land’ – the Telfar art-fashion-social-political performance played out in a highly poetic manner as the clothes shown – high waisted pants complimented by Western belt buckles, jackets with detachable sleeves, loose orange brick corduroy suits, striped and fringed knitwear, denim and vegan leather chap pants, and leather and corduroy mixed boot leg pants – completed the experience. The cowboy boots and belt buckles incorporated Budweiser imagery in reference to the continual collaboration with the beer company since last season. Proceeds from the White Castle capsule collaboration are donated to the Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights Fund to help minors with bail issues on Rikers Island.  Considering Telfar’s projection over his fashion career, the immersive show experience was a natural culmination of the many elements that have always composed his fashion – trend-neutral genderless clothing presented with an all-inclusive cast since 2002, years before the issue of diversity became prevalent, sending a message across all cultures. The punk band Ho99o9 closed the show with a rambunctious set, bringing the audience to a sort of rapture. The band members wore the Black Lives Matter and Black Futures Month tee-shirts– a collaboration initiated to support the nonprofit organization and spread awareness. “Our story is they, them, their This land is his land  Her land  Their land  Your land.  No California  No New York islands But this land  Was made  for  CUNT! Tree!”  Harris ended his monologue with a poignant reminder that the unity often touted by others, like the recent State of the Union address, should not be a matter of false discourse but one where outreach and shared ideals bind people together, as clothes can also do. Telfar’s show was different from Raf Simons’ three seasons of meditation on America for Calvin Klein as Simons took the road of intellectual reflection on the culture, within the deep conscience to identify the marks of American culture and fashion. Now on an emotional level rarely seen in New York, Telfar is the new voice and quite possibly the sole representative speaking and vouching for a community where everyone belongs– and belongs together. Photos by Charlie Rubin  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Rob Pruitt x Yoox Migration Moving Blanket, 2018 Rob Pruitt x Yoox Migration Moving Blanket, 2018 Rob Pruitt x Yoox Migration Moving Blanket, 2018 Rob Pruitt x Yoox Migration Moving Blanket, 2018 Rob Pruitt x Yoox Migration Moving Blanket, 2018 Rob Pruitt x Yoox Migration Moving Blanket, 2018 Rob Pruitt x Yoox Migration Moving Blanket, 2018 Rob Pruitt x Yoox Migration Moving Blanket, 2018 Rob Pruitt x Yoox Migration Moving Blanket, 2018 Rob Pruitt x Yoox Migration Moving Blanket, 2018 In collaboration with YOOX, the eclectic artist Rob Pruitt has transcended all art movements in his most recent work, “Migration Moving Blanket, 2018.” The series includes 40 distinctive, limited-edition blankets. Each priced at $2,915,  the industrially produced blankets are accompanied by a numbered certificate of authenticity, hand-signed by Pruitt, himself.  Silkscreen prints of geese are stylized in geometric, pixelated patterns on each distinctly colored blanket. The geese play into the larger theme of the project: migration. Comparing the term on a natural versus anthropological perspective, many species migrate seasonally seeking comfort, food, and livable conditions. Whereas, humans often migrate for more complex reasons- whether it be to seek a more fulfilling life or to escape oppression or autocracy. Each piece reflects all forms of migration and are as unique as the individuals who have stories of packing up in hopes to find solace in a new setting. The “Migration Moving Blanket, 2018” series debuts online today, Feb. 7,  at YOOX.com and will also be exhibited at the art and design fair, Nomad St. Moritz, open today through Feb. 11, 2019.  Photos courtesy of YOOX Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Stefano Pilati debuted his first independent collection, RANDOM IDENTITIES back in November at SSENSE’s headquarters in Montréal through a live event. Some of the collection’s signature pieces included the NY01 Bomber, the NY10 Duvet Jacket, and the NY06 Berlin Baggies. Now  RANDOM IDENTITIES has just dropped their newest item, a rubberized faux leather duvet jacket. Built upon the success of their initial pieces we can all rest assured a night out in this extensively bitter winter will yield cool looks. The purpose of Pilati’s collection was to fabricate clothes that incorporate a number of complex designs mixed with wardrobe classics. Each garment is menswear oriented and fabricated to be easily adaptable to mixing and matching. Pilati classifies the new collection as “Protective Wear,”  the purpose of each item is to be worn for anything. Daytime, nighttime, for brunch or to the club.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Catherine Fulmer Collection Catherine Fulmer Collection Catherine Fulmer Collection Catherine Fulmer Collection Catherine Fulmer Collection Catherine Fulmer Collection Catherine Fulmer Collection Catherine Fulmer Collection Catherine Fulmer Collection Catherine Fulmer Collection Catherine Fulmer Collection The Catherine Fulmer Collection features luxury womenswear and made-to-order pieces, with garments meeting at a crossroad of modernized rock ‘n’ roll and chic elegance. The collection relies heavily on music inspiration to create unique pieces, such as the customized bomber jackets or the ever so popular “Bowie Bomber.” The designer of the eponymously-titled collection touches on what influences the creation of the eccentric designs. We took a moment to hang and get to know the designer from her influences, coveted pieces, as well as who her ultimate girl is. Where do you pull inspiration from when you are creating pieces? Friends, music and whatever mood I happen to be in. Different moods and the different chapters/life experiences and obstacles have created very different collections. Always the 90's. Do you have a fashion icon or celebrity that influences the style of your work? Not really anymore. My friends really inspire me and thankfully I lived in NY when I did. I really think the people I was surrounded by have more style and still inspire me more than anyone. Kate The Great is up there too. In what ways does music influence the designs and style of your collection? Music is a huge influence. I think you can see I love Rock N Roll in my collections at least that's what people tell me? I really do love music and I think it comes through naturally in each collection. Nothing's contrived. I've been a huge music lover since I was six years old. My older brother had me playing Metallica riffs around seven. I had a collection called Anglophilia years back in NY. It was very emo and dark just like that chapter in my life/post breakup. Feelings galore. Oof! What style or trend do you think should be left in 2018 and what do you think will be popular in 2019? Chunky platforms and chunky/platform tennis shoes. They do nothing for me or the person wearing them. I'm not sure what will be popular in 2019 however, for ladies, I hope the trends are feminine, tasteful and sexy all in one. You can make sportswear all those three things even if done right. What is the most unique thing about the Catherine Fulmer Collection? How would you describe the archetypal Catherine Fulmer girl?  The custom jackets are probably the most unique and are made to order. I do like the new hosiery and accessories coming out and I'm currently working on a very exciting new project with an amazing company, but it's underwraps until their new flagship opens, but I can definitely say it's very unique. The CF girl is confident, passionate, fearless, and loves music. I'd like to say by wearing one of my pieces she's living her "best life." What are your favorite and least favorite parts about designing?  Stress of getting things done on time and production as a whole. I do it all and the designing is a joy. The business side of it is not fun at all and nor is the production end. Fabrics, colors, and seeing the pieces come to life is beautiful. What is your most valued piece that you have created and why? My wrap top I have framed. It was the first piece I created that Patricia Field stopped me in while I was still a design student in NY. I got my first $500 check from her for an article of clothing. That was one of the greatest days of my life. What does 2019 have in store for the collection? 2019 has a lot in store and I've already had an amazing first month! So happy with this year's progress already and I've met so many inspiring artists, and am working with all of them on different projects. So you'll have to wait and see... Photos courtesy of Aaron Feaver Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                Center: Linder Menswear designer, Kirk Millar. Linder Menswear routinely formulates a narrative throughout each collection, however, the FW19 season shifts from a personal tale to a historical reference. Menswear designer, Kirk Millar compares the reign and execution of the Russian Royal Family, The House of Romanov, to present day identity shifts within the garment industry. Fashion sits in a volatile period with transitions in consumer awareness and integrity. Kirk recognizes the social changes, juxtaposing the Romanov family to be of equal descent. The Russian tale serves as a century-old warning, influencing the Linder name to push boundaries and break barriers. At the fifth avenue Salmagundi Club, we spoke with Kirk to view behind the scenes content and inspiration for FW19. How did the Romanov family spur inspiration for this collection? Their murder was a century ago, so it felt like it was in the air. I had been watching a documentary and was already interested in the whole family, the tragedy, and just the entire package in general. I felt like it was very pertinent; we're at the turn of the century, so a lot of things were shifting variably and rapidly.  How does this collection compare and contrast to past work? The last two collections before this were very personable. They were based on personal narratives; the first one was about coming out, and the next one was about what you do after that as a gay person, figuring out your relationships and that kind of thing. And so this was a departure from that by using a story that's outside of my own experience. I used it as an allegory of where fashion is. A lot of what I grew up loving about fashion is now shifting and changing; people want something different. What’s your favorite piece? I love the silk scarves. They were super fun to design and on them, they have little narratives of the Romanov’s and the different family members in relation to each other. For Linder shows, both men and women, masculine and feminine energy are equally balanced. How is that expressed in this collection? For me, I always start with what my friends are wearing, what I'm wearing, and that’s mostly denim. Denim is always a staple and an easy thing, to begin with. Well, truth be told denim is not easy to make especially trying to make a pair that feels like you; it’s actually very difficult. I always want there to be a balance. I want it to be wearable, but I also want to feel the fantasy of something more opulent. How did you decide on this space, and how does it best reflect this collection? Our set design is supposed to reflect a home that's been shuttered. It mirrors the notion of the Romanov family having to flee their palace, so I wanted a place that felt opulent and traditional. The look book for this is dark and eerie, so in contrast to that, the clothes here get to pop in front of a historical place. Photography by: Will Foster Read our SS19 Linder Q&A with head of womenswear, Sam Linder, here. To see more by Linder click here.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Bode  David Hart  Descendants of Thieves  Dyne  Krammer and Stout  Landlord  Linder  N Hoolywood  NIHL  Palomo Spain  Robert Geller  Sundae School  TANAKA  Vasilis Loizides Back in the hot and humid mid-July summer of 2015 when the CFDA launched the first standalone men’s fashion week in New York, the official calendar was packed with marquee names in American fashion – Ralph Lauren, Tommy Hilfiger, Coach, Calvin Klein, John Varvatos, Hickey Freeman, along with newcomers like Rochambeau, Gypsy Sports, Cadet, David Hart, Siki Im and Thaddeus O’Neil to name a few. Fast forward three and a half years and a few days after a Polar Vortex, these big brand names, the Amazon refreshment and VIP lounge, and even Cadillac SUVs were just memories of a glorious past in the three days of “men’s” shows and presentations prior to the official opening of the women’s show week.  But like in a dense forest, when there is clearance from the shadows of the big trees, the sunlight will reach the forest floor allowing new plants to germinate.  In this new decentralized and parse environment, the independent designers took center stage, many armed with both a personal fashion message and a sensibility grounded in commerce.   “Men’s fashion is starting to bring men possibilities from all sides and all styles.  Men’s wardrobe was limited and now there are options, colors, and textures,” said Alejandro Gómez Palomo, backstage at Pier 59 Studios following his second show in New York since fall 2017.  A black and white printed booklet titled ‘Jarana’ illustrated the creative journey that Palomo embarked on when he sowed the seeds of an inspiration from a 1916 visit to Spain by Sergei Diaghilev’s Ballet Russe, a dance troupe where major artists like Picasso and Matisse fabricated the décor in collaboration with composer Igor Stravinsky and costume designers Léon Bakst and Coco Chanel, to make a collection that put tailoring at the central focus albeit with sensual and feminine cuts close to the body.   Here tailoring meant a black wool jacket paired with sheer tulle shirts and pinstripe pants. Light grey suiting featured broad shoulders and grey wool coats were matched with white ruffle collar organza shirt.  This being Palomo, there were plenty of peacocking looks that transgressed the masculine/feminine divide – green feather trimmed black jacquard capes worn with a black sheer chiffon underdress and underwear or a layered beige bow blouse in polka dot. A feather boat neck waist hugging long dress – but despite their pre-conceptions, these looks actually felt masculine. “There must be different shapes and patterns for men and women. A good fitting impose a garment customized to the shape of the person wearing it. Aesthetics is another thing,” the designer said about the specific needs to make the clothes on a body regardless of gender.  In a nod to perhaps a more sportswear outlook, there were nylon silk giant parkas and large pants and a white nylon anorak over sheer white blouse, large pants and knit overlay skirt.  Well, it was not exactly streetwear, but these outerwear coats were done well within the confines and codes of the Palomo universe.   Before making any of the garments shown for his own two year old brand NIHL, the artist and designer Neil Grotzinger has always pondered the notion of combining different elements of male identities from opposite facets of cultures that reflected his own upbringing in Colorado Springs, Colorado. This time in the form of a lone Midwestern gamer sitting in his basement contemplating and fantasizing about the symbolisms and the sartorial artifacts and objects making up an artificial new modern identity.  To Grotzinger, breaking down the assumptions and false perceptions of what is ‘male’ and perhaps in this way reconstituting a new way to define what is “male.”  Thus, a gamer’s typical uniform of cargo pants and print tee-shirt top underwent a radical surgery to emerge as short sleeve spandex tee-shirt either cropped above the navel or as a cutout bodysuit and a pair of extreme low slung no waist cotton khaki pants or even as elongated intricate black and white patchwork lace t-shirt.  NIHL’s proposition transformed the classic symbols of masculine attire; like those old vintage or new army — navy dungarees into leather naval pants with open zippers around the legs and paired with black stretch long sleeve t-shirt with a circle cut out at the front to expose the chest and nipples. Basic shirts were morphed into asymmetrical jacket-like shirts with linear beadings on the sides.  The clothes were surely made for a moment of reflection, whether or not the constant questioning of the boundaries of masculinity is one’s specific endeavor.  Now just in his second season, Grotzinger has to find ways to translate his enthusiasm for cultural and sartorial transformation into solid clothes that can find customers. That should not be an impossible task given the adaptability and the versatility of the clothes shown, but they need to be cut for a real bodies walking down a street, not a fanciful model on the catwalk.   At N. Hoollywood with close to two decades in business, the Japanese designer Daisuke Obana worried less about the fine casual clothes he showed each season than having the right casting of models to represent the collection live on stage.  Last fall, Obana staged his show near the Hudson Yards site with a casting of real construction workers to feature his staples of reinterpreted workwear gears. This time the models were a diverse crew ranging from shaved head genderless looking ‘girl-guys’ to really young kids to older men to high school and college graduates, and perhaps also non-graduates of all kinds and persuasions. This new army wore loose black leather bikers, XXXL knit crew neck decorated sweaters, nylon ‘military’ print cape-coat, wool coats and knit sweater-scarf, layers of anoraks and overcoats - all in hues of dark olive, bright yellow, orange, celadon, and also navy blue.  Denim were reworked in inventive ways like transforming a classic denim jacket into a collarless jacket merged with a cotton zipper sweatshirt or making a collar shirt and patch pocket pants into a new version of a suit for younger kids.  Embracing different facets of the youth aesthetics from kindergarten to graduate school was Ryohei Kawanishi’s idea for his seventh collection for Landlord, a brand he founded in 2015 in partnership with a military contract garment factory. The Brooklyn-based Kawanishi has garnered a serious number of fans and followers for his streetwise clothes but don’t even expect any real and safe scholastic clothes here. Meaning an otherwise proper shirt and tie varsity jacket look was now a loose green coat with yellow trims, multicolored polo and a long patchwork tie. LUNY Landlord University sweatshirts in brown cotton, a simple hood grey logo sweatshirt, a black and white gingham baseball jacket and blue cotton pants with red patches were that Landlord is known for. Woven knits in grey and camel hand knit heavy sweaters is a project with Nakaden Keori, a textile manufacturer specialized in wool products, and a yellow or bright green leather coat are made with Kubera 9981, a Japanese supplier of innovative leather materials.  Several of the models wore makeup to resemble black eyes and bruised lips on their faces imitatihg a beaten or bulling at school – one wore a white LUNY tee and a nylon jumpsuit and another a red and blue gingham coat and blue cotton pants.    In lieu of a regular show, Christopher Bevans choose the main entrance to FIT Pomerantz Center Gallery as a location for his installation of athletic silhouettes and tech fabrics driven collection for Đyne that remained on public view for two additional days. In tune with the current discourse on sustainability, Bevans piled an artwork made from old stacks of CDs and broken VCRs among other trash to highlight the problems, particularly the ubiquitous use if plastics. An issue that is polluting even a desolate island in the Pacific Ocean. Of the twelve linear silhouette on the mannequins, most of the fabrics are sourced from available stock rather than having special fabrics made like the herringbone slim body contour jacket and drawstring pant or the olive short sleeve zippered jacket and burnt orange sweater. A purple nylon short sleeve raincoat had pocket details and a key chain attached.  A black sweatshirt had ‘Save Us’ spelled out of Swarovski in multiple languages – a clear message about waste. Similar to the Ocean Cleanup attempt to collect trash in the Pacific garbage patch by the young Dutch Boyan Slats launched in San Francisco last fall, a real solution isn’t clear on the horizon. In fashion, sustainability means much less consumption and consuming biodegradable materials – a pair of shoes made of leather and wood degrades naturally but a sneaker has to be buried.  At the collective show NYMD New York Men’s Day, the prime focus was commerce over runway storytellers. Although a few of the exhibitors at the downtown studio dosed their clothes with definite narratives: Krammer & Stout duo late 60’s looked to the rock vibes of Captain Beefheart (Don Van Diet), the Cypriot born Vasilis Loizides explored the surrealism between gender performance and an outsider status, Matteo Maniatty of Descendant of Thieves reworked vintage military outerwear from the 1800’s, and Dae Lim and Mia Park provided their cannabis lifestyle brand Sundae School with ‘The Green Rush’ street and workwear collection with a twist based on the gold rush of 1849 and the Japanese colonization of Korea.  Rather than models, the designer Sayori Tanaka engaged a band Shin Sakaino Jazz crew to enliven his colorful range of casual clothes. David Hart’s five looks collection of minimalist wardrobe in dark navy and camel formal and relaxed suits and coats was a wonderful break from the streetwear ethos still at play among the many presentations in New York, rightly so as the city remained the hub of streetwear.   Elsewhere around the city, Robert Geller’s collaboration with Lululemon and his penchant for the wardrobes of Tibetans Sherpa mountain climbers provided a platform for one of his most vibrant and perhaps also commercially viable collections in the last few years. The surface of the moon provided the print for coats, hoodies, shirts, scarves and tees, some with ‘I love you to the moon and back’ written in dark hues of black, brown, purple and light grey. There was a seamless mixing between the performance and the collection pieces like the stretch tie-dyed leggings, neon yellow shorts, anoraks, and mostly all of the active wear layers made for the Brooklyn based Yoga brand and worn underneath a light brown cold processed dyed nylon and wool coat or with a mandarin collar print jacket.   The designer Kirk Millar who does the men’s portion for the brand Linder saw the similarities between the present day upheavals and disruptions in the fashion industry to the chaotic time of the Bolshevik revolution in 1917. Millar used the assassination of the Romanov family as a point of departure for the chaos, speed, and uncertainty of the digital fashion era where the designer proposed clothes that mimicked that dark era like jewelry print tees and black jeans that referenced the tale that some of the Tsar’s children had worn clothes with jewelry hidden inside that might have shield them from the initial bullets.   A the end of the three days devoted to menswear at a small gallery in Soho, Emily Bode created a small wooden garage complete with benches and walls of old souvenirs items like an Elvis Presley vinyl record as a backdrop for her wonderful collection of entirely handmade garments crafted from vintage textiles, grain sacks, bed and table linens, and quilts. She repurposed all these fabrics and finds today into transparent plastic coat with old milk caps, multicolor patchwork wool suit where the surface of the old wool has a 3D feel, multicolor stripe patchwork of old corduroy polo shirt and pants, orange yellow cotton pants with embroidered souvenir patches, and a square patchwork of multicolor velour cropped jackets and short pants.  Bode’s work is that of a poet in fashion and surely is an anti-dote to the digital age and to fast fashion – it takes time to find these vintage materials, to preserve them and to remake them into clothes.  Even a green cotton jacket has intricate hand stitched red and white trims.    The dichotomy in New York menswear is the clear divide between designers championing ideas and concept and those creating more commercial collections even if they couched commerce with narratives.  Both Palomo and NIHL strived for the extreme in using fashion as a stage for cultural and social choices and certainly the clothes they make reflect these personal choices.  “What is important is just being honest to yourself and your taste, your passions, your aesthetics and your values,” Alejandro Gómez Palomo said.  While that’s true, they also need to have their feet on the ground and adapt their design in order to sell garments – there is a customer base that craves for clothes with a point of view.  Whether the scale down format still under guidance of CFDA will allow these more independent brands to grasp a foothold in the marketplace remains yet to be seen. There’s true determination among these new designers to succeed both in fathoming a message and a retail and e-commerce foothold.   Photo’s courtesy of respective Brands  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                                                            Photographed by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Krammer & Stoudt Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Krammer & Stoudt Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Krammer & Stoudt Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Krammer & Stoudt Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Krammer & Stoudt Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Krammer & Stoudt Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Krammer & Stoudt Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Krammer & Stoudt Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Krammer & Stoudt Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Krammer & Stoudt Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Krammer & Stoudt Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Krammer & Stoudt Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Krammer & Stoudt Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Krammer & Stoudt Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Krammer & Stoudt Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Krammer & Stoudt Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Krammer & Stoudt Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Krammer & Stoudt Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Krammer & Stoudt Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Krammer & Stoudt Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Krammer & Stoudt Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Krammer & Stoudt Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Krammer & Stoudt Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Krammer & Stoudt Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Krammer & Stoudt Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein Photographed by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Marisa Tomei and Tracee Ellis Ross        B Akerlund                         The Rodarte sisters finally showed their collection in their home city of Pasadena at Huntington Gardens, one of the most beautiful venues in Southern California. The rain had miraculously cleared and the post-storm sunlight streamed into the venue and shaft this dreamlike haze onto the already dreamlike clothes that walked. The movement of the ruffles and especially the piece de resistance electric blue gown had huge ruffled roses on the sleeves that bounced ever so gently as the model glided down the path, like a rose gently swaying in a wayward wind from heaven. The tights were super covetable and were decorated with such things like ribbon bows and hearts. Shailene Woodley cooed about them after the show. Metal hair accessories, belts, and jewelry spelling a displaced “Rodarte” added some edge. The heart motifs instead of looking sickening, put everyone in the mood for love. What a delicate romance. Afterwards, guests enjoyed newly launched JNSQ Rosé Cru which sponsored the event, the elegant bottle even looked like a Rodarte gown.  Photo by Michael Kovac/Getty Images Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      America is lucky to be the first to get a hold of Riccardo Tisci’s debut collection “Kingdom,” exclusively at Barneys for the next three weeks. Out today, the Burberry collection will be put on display at Barneys New York’s Madison Avenue and Beverly Hills flagship locations, featuring a tailored experience inspired by the attitude and themes of the new collection. The Madison Avenue location pays tribute to Burberry’s London flagship on Regent Street, once a public theatre, with pistachio drapes placed in the windows and a graphic theatrical installation on the women’s floor, accentuating the Shakespearean references in Tisci’s Spring Summer 2019 collection. Barneys New York x Burberry “Kingdom” Collection “Barneys New York is thrilled to be the first to launch Riccardo Tisci’s debut collection for Burberry,” said Daniella Vitale, Chief Executive Officer and President of Barneys New York. “We can’t wait for our customers to be the first to experience the new era of Burberry, both in our stores and on Barneys.com later this month. Named “Kingdom,” the collection salutes to Tisci’s return to London after an 18-year absence with hints of British culture throughout, redefining Burberry’s house codes. The Spring Summer 2019 collection for men and women highlights the diversity in style across the United Kingdom- anywhere from turbulent punk to contemporary elegance. Tisci’s debut collection is available in select U.S. Burberry stores starting today, and on Barneys.com and Burberry.com starting on Feb. 27. Barneys New York x Burberry “Kingdom” Collection Photos courtesy of Barneys New York & Burberry Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Descendant of Thieves Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Descendant of Thieves Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Descendant of Thieves Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Descendant of Thieves Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Descendant of Thieves Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Descendant of Thieves Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Descendant of Thieves Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Descendant of Thieves Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Descendant of Thieves Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Descendant of Thieves Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Descendant of Thieves Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Descendant of Thieves Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Descendant of Thieves Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Descendant of Thieves Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Descendant of Thieves Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Descendant of Thieves Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Descendant of Thieves Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Descendant of Thieves Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Descendant of Thieves Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Descendant of Thieves Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Descendant of Thieves Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Descendant of Thieves Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Descendant of Thieves Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Descendant of Thieves Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  Descendant of Thieves Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein Photographed by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Combining Versace’s luxury signatures with KITH’s trademark lens has manifested a collection that demonstrates a number of patterns, shapes and uniquely reimagined designs. This collaboration is made up of over 100 new styles spanning from clothing to accessories for both men and women.  Bella Hadid in KITH X Versace collection Men’s product include an array of outerwear, formal wear, sportswear and more. Such as, camel hair topcoats, velour puffer jackets, silk blazers, denim zip jackets, nylon track suits, and hoodies. Women’s product also consist of a variety of items such as a convertible velour long puffer coat, silk robes, leather pants, biker shorts, mesh tees, and a range of bras and swimsuits. ﻿Foot wear for both men and women bring back 90’s vibes including many variations of each style. Bella Hadid in KITH X Versace collection Produced in Italy, each final product is precisely curated by teamwork. Fabrications are devised form Versace while the configurations are designed by KITH. This is also the first time Versace’s Medusa logo has ever been altered. It now carries the KITH logo across the eyes. KITH and Versace will release their collection Friday, February 15 at 11AM EST. The collection can be found in all KITH shops, on Kith.com and aat select international Versace flagship stores. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The Victoria and Albert Museum introduced the new exhibition, Designer of Dreams, featuring the work of Christian Dior. After celebrating the opening with a cocktail morning decorated with a fascinating crowd of fashion luminaries, February 2nd marked the opening day of the latest Dior display. The collection will be running until July 14, 2019 at the London Museum. Celebrating the ambition and spirit of the founder and his House, the showcase represents the flair carried through the brand. With over 6 weeks of work to fully build out the V&A The exhibit boasts 157 items which have not been displayed in a museum ever before. This exhibit is also specifically significant in its relations to the UK, as the designer had presented his collection for the first time at the Savoy Hotel as well as Dior’s use of English artisans through out his career.       Photos courtesy of Dior Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                     Louis Vuitton’s Virgil Abloh is updating the current clothing line, Vocabulary According to Virgil Abloh, with the latest Fall Winter 2019 Pre-fall Collection. Abloh has recognized the fundamental purpose of the essentials needed in every everyone’s personal collection of clothes. The collections theme: boyhood. His idea was to reflect on the idea of protective clothing for a boy in the first stage of his life.  Creating a sense of the past, present and future, the pre collection pays homage to the colours, designs and shapes of everyday uniforms in Japan. Items such as windbreakers, shirts and t-shirts portray jackets worn in remote controlled boating competitions. Trench coats and parkas are fabricated in navy Japanese rain coating.  Along with clothes, the collection consists of bags adapted from the spring/summer 2019 collection. A flat tote and a crossbody messenger. Chalk bags, mini crossbody bags and backpacks implying to those used for extreme sports. Additionally, sneakers are enhanced with jewels and neon detailing.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   We are bringing in the Chinese New Year! One origin of the Chinese New Year was to have a day allocated to praying to the gods for a good harvest season. Not many of us are farmers these days, but we could all use this time to focus on bringing prosperity and abundance in different forms into our life. It also marks the start of the lunar new year, creating a perfect time to get familiar with your favorite brand’s freshly created Chinese New Year merchandise. To start the holiday off with a bang, get acquainted with Alexander Wang’s contribution of  Barney’s Designer Burger Series. The burger is described as “a nod to Wang’s Chinese American heritage, the burger features Chinese Five Spice short rib tossed with fresh scallions on a house-made Chinese style bun. The burger is accompanied by pickled daikon and carrot slaw, cilantro leaves and is served with Freds famous fries, lightly tossed in sesame oil, wrapped in nori and topped with seaweed flakes with a side of Siracha ketchup.”  Doublet  Dover Street Market is showing their tribute to the holiday buy selling brand’s limited edition t-shirts. Left is designed by brand Doublet and below is is designed by Denim Tears. Even Louis Vuitton is paying homage to the holiday. They have created a Lunar New Year print for their scarves.   Milla To end your celebration get a little dessert from Milla Chocolates’s. They have created a special Chinese New Year edition of their Hazelnut Praline chocolate bars.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Dolly Parton costumes at the Grammy Museum  Dolly Parton costumes at the Grammy Museum  Dolly Parton costumes at the Grammy Museum  Dolly Parton costumes at the Grammy Museum The GRAMMY Museum® announces a new exhibition, Diamond In A Rhinestone World: The Costumes Of Dolly Parton presented by City National Bank, which will showcase Dolly Parton’s extraordinary costumes. This is the first exhibit the eight-time GRAMMY® winner, Recording Academy Lifetime Achievement Award recipient, Oscar-nominated artist and undeniable fashion icon has had in the United States outside of her Tennessee theme park Dollywood. The exhibit opens to the public on Feb. 5 and will run through March 17.  Click through to see some of the looks on display.  The GRAMMY Museum®  800 W Olympic Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90015 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    David Hart Fall 2019  Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  David Hart Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  David Hart Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  David Hart Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  David Hart Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  David Hart Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  David Hart Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  David Hart Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  David Hart Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  David Hart Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  David Hart Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  David Hart Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  David Hart Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  David Hart Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  David Hart Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  David Hart Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  David Hart Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  David Hart Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  David Hart Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  David Hart Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  David Hart Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  David Hart Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  David Hart Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein  David Hart Fall 2019 Photographed by Marsha Bernstein Photographed by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Diesel just launched their spring campaign - Be A Follower,  which takes an ironic look at the life of the influencer. Featured in the multi-subject campaign is Jennifer Grace @thenativefox, Kristen Crawley @kristennoelcrawley, the twins @amixxamiaya and @ayaxxamiaya, Elias Riadi @eliasriadi and Bloody Osiris @bloodyosiris, all of who poke fun at their digital selves.  Directed by Ali Ali and Ahmed Tahoun of Good People Films, the campaign exaggerates all the clichés of an influencers social media feed; the extensive outfit for the gram, taking food selfies, traveling not so light  (you know the rest), all while celebrating the non-influencer. A selection of key visuals by Toiletpaper’s Pierpaolo Ferrari and Maurizio Cattelan – which include Diesel’s watches and eyewear categories – complete the message.  Multiple episodes show these Insta-famous people in awkward situations — followed by a clip of those effortless, living life to the fullest in Diesel’s iconic denims. Each video ends with, “Diesel, For Successful Living,” sending out the message that life’s more fun when you’re a follower.  Images courtesy of Diesel.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Hôtel Grand Amour  Hôtel Grand Amour  Hôtel Grand Amour  Hôtel Grand Amour  Hôtel Grand Amour  Hôtel Grand Amour Hotel Grand Amour is located in the trendy 10th arrondissement and is born from the creative collaboration between artist André Saraiva, restaurateur Emmanuel Delavenne, and hotelier Thierry Costes. There are 42 guest rooms in the 5 stories. Each floor has a different color palette and design. Don't forget to take a look at the carpeting in the hallway which was designed by Saraiva especially for this place and the diverse erotic and contemporary art hanging everywhere.  Every room is unique and like stepping into a dream of your past or some very cultured and esteemed person's apartment. Worn in, dripping with personal touches, a formidable knowledge of art, distant memories, comfortable, yet somehow untouchable as well. Like being inside the apartment of a crush’s for the first time. It feels like home? But will it ever be...?  My tiny nook for one evening felt like I was in a much cooler past version of my childhood self. Somehow there was a feeling of deep nostalgia in an entire wall lined with vintage and used books, dog eared by sleepless nights reading about the perils of Poirot (will he find out who actually killed Linnet Doyle!?) under the covers while a vintage styled clock radio (that is still fully digitized for our modern world though; let’s not kid around with taking away bluetooth) streams jazz and the dulcet tones of a French radio DJ’s voice as they say…(I don’t understand French, but will fully speculate it was a distant recollection about how the last played melody was about a ski trip in the 70s to Lausanne where she enjoyed her first kiss with a boy she wasn't too fond of, but eh, you don't always get what you want and a kiss is still a kiss).  Nostalgic much? Well fear not, you definitely won’t get caught up in the throes of your own mental escapades as the lively chatter and music from downstairs will ultimately lure you into enjoy the buzzing scene of the restaurant and bar where laughter rolls off like clouds and the quintessential (you thought it was a cliche?) Parisian cool girl and French playboy are mere centimeters (ah! or less! as you brush sleeves!) away smoking cigarettes. Normally this might all sound like a dreadful thing. The din of fun kept me up at night! But here, it’s inviting, it's compelling. It feels like it’s the place to be and you might never want to leave. Hôtel Grand Amour 18 Rue de la Fidélité, 75010 Paris, France Photos by Mui-Hai Chu Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Maison Lafont and Louis-Marie de Castelbajac have presented a new 15 piece collection. Located at 30 Rue Vertbois in Paris, France, Lafont 1844 will take on the world by storm, showing a presentation of originality and creativity that embody this clothing market as a whole. This is the first time, the brand will be aiming their line toward the general public.  Founded during the 19th century, Lafont has continued to be an iconic company for clothing. The brand continues to be the leader of the French market because of their flawless success that has never faltered, to this day. Lafont was the creator of the infamous “Coltin Jacket”, worn by Jean Gabin in The Human Beast and Pharrell Williams in his clip of Freedom. Using their expertise and he brand intended.  The “Lafont 1844” collection illustrates a number of patterns and designs by mixing historical tastes with contemporary tastes. Louis Marie de Castelbajac conveys his love and imagination with each creation that he fabricates. Lafont 1844 will definitely an experience you don’t want to pass up.  Photos courtesy of Lafont 1844 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Steele by Amanda Steele Launch  Gigi Gorgeous and Amanda Steele  Steele by Amanda Steele Launch   Steele by Amanda Steele Launch.  DJ Vivien James Steele by Amanda Steele Launch  Steele by Amanda Steele Launch  Steele by Amanda Steele Launch  Steele by Amanda Steele Launch  Steele by Amanda Steele Launch  Steele by Amanda Steele Launch  Steele by Amanda Steele Launch  Steele by Amanda Steele Launch Hollywood’s it crowd came together in Silver Lake Tuesday night for the launch of model and entrepreneur Amanda Steele debut fashion line -STEELE. The launch event gave guests an exclusive look at the 15-piece collection, tarot card readings, custom nail art by Britney Tokyo, and tattoos onsite by artist SickBoyWorldWide.  Guests including Delilah Belle Hamlin, Anastasia Karanikolaou, Olivia O'Brien, Olivia Jade Giannulli, Kelsey Calemine, Gigi Gorgeous, and more spent the night celebrating the collection alongside Steele dancing to the music of Flaunt fave Vivien James.  The brand’s first collection features versatile everyday staples meant to be dressed up or down. Highlights include plenty of vegan leather options, Amanda’s signature white cropped tank, and button up shirt dresses. All items in the collection range from $50-$200. “I am so excited to launch this line of elevated basics that truly represent my style and personality. Since my start on YouTube, the release of an original clothing line has been my biggest goal and I couldn’t be more proud of the collection I have designed” says Steele. “I hope these pieces can make my customers feel smart, sexy, and confident.” The collection will be available exclusively at steeleofficial.com .   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Alia Shawkat  Miley Cyrus  Ray Brady and Kilo Kish  Kim Gordon  Langley Fox    Rainsford  Z Berg           Haim     Diplo On Friday night a swarm of Miu Miu clad cool girls sparkled along the entry of the Vista Theater in all it’s Egyptian deco glory. It was an easy mix of east side bohemian and Hollywood brain, an overall array of brilliant forward thinking women making a change in the world of entertainment and art. The nights hot ticket was a screening of Hailey Gates’ short film “SHAKO MAKO,“ the 17th installment of the Miu Miu Women’s Tales. The room of crystal heeled girls included Hailey Gates, Alia Shawkat, Miley Cyrus, Amandla Stenberg, Pom Klementieff, Rainey Qualley, Bonnie Wright, Thomasin McKenzie, Mamie Gummer, Lykke Li, The Haim sisters, Kilo Kish, Kim Gordon, Miranda July, Langley Fox, Natalie Joos, Brooke Wise, and so many more.  Starring Alia Shawkat as Farah, the film begins with a dramatic scene which sees Farah, an Iraqi bread seller, witness a terrorist attack on a group of soldiers before the audience is informed that the entire scene is not as it seems. Her reality is that of a melancholy character actress on the training grounds of a US army base. While her aspirations for the life of a “real actor“ is possibly in danger once the Army General sees her forbidden audition tape. In the Q&A following the director and actress spoke of the ways which the story confronted the conversation of war, islamophobia and ethnic stereotyping. After the screening guests were shuttled to neighboring hot spot Cafe Stella where cocktails streamed and the party continued on into the late hours. A magnificent ending to a night of beauty, art, and cultural conversation. Photos courtesy of Miu Miu Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Bottega Veneta Spring/Summer 2019 Campaign  Bottega Veneta Spring/Summer 2019 Campaign  Bottega Veneta Spring/Summer 2019 Campaign  Bottega Veneta Spring/Summer 2019 Campaign  Bottega Veneta Spring/Summer 2019 Campaign Bottega Veneta’s Ready-to-Wear Campaign Spring/Summer 2019, the first under the Creative Direction of Daniel Lee,  focused in on the essentials that captured the Italian spirit.  Photographed by Tyrone LeBon over the course of several days in a private house on the Neapolitan island of Ischia, each image expresses a sense of intimacy, a summer spent on the coast of Italy. Leather and the skin of the body reveal the brand stripped to its purest form: a fine knit, the intrecciato leather,  a coat, and suit.  Photos courtesy of Bottega Veneta. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   LA ROXX jacket and pants and CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes.  LA ROXX jacket and OF ARC earring. MIYAVI is a renowned musician, actor, UNHCR Goodwill ambassador, and father, best known for his unique style of playing the guitar. Growing up in Osaka, Japan, MIYAVI was on his way to a professional career in soccer and track, until an injury hindered these hopes. Fortunately, he was able to craft a new passion for the guitar. After starting a band with friends, Miyavi quickly rose to success in Japan. MIYAVI has used his music to perform on many trips with the UNHCR and officially became a Goodwill Ambassador in 2017. SInce working with refugees, he has become very outspoken about the educational rights for refugee children. “As a musician it’s my job to make people pay attention, if we can put the message into music more people can listen.” MIYAVI made a name for himself in the U.S. after being chosen by Angelina Jolie to star in her Academy Award nominated film, Unbroken. Now, he will be giving a special performance at the El Rey Theatre in LA on the 23rd of February, 2019 in celebration of his new single, Fragile, and his new album, SAMURAI SESSIONS vol.3 – World’s Collide. The album is a cross between EDM, rock’n’roll, and hip hop. It’s an ensemble of individual cultures and qualities that highlight the distinctive “finger-slapping” way he plays guitar. He recently visited the Flaunt offices where we were able to get in some time to better know the multi-hyphenated creative force as well as present the video for “Fragile.“ We're releasing the exclusive for your new video for "Fragile" today, what was your experience like writing that song and shooting the video? In this song I wanted to focus on my vulnerability. I’m human, with emotions and sensitivity and I’ve learned to accept that; accept who I am, just the way I am.  Sometimes it feels wrong to be too sensitive, especially when you’re in social situations and when we meet people who are really socially outgoing. But the thing is, even those people also have that sensitivity, and that can be a strength for everyone. The more sensitive you are, the more things you can feel and understand. This is a message for myself too.  What was the inspiration behind the new album “SAMURAI SESSIONS vol 3 – World’s Collide”? Chemistry. This is volume 3 of my collaboration albums. It is a conceptual album featuring different artists on every track. The magic that happens with every artist is unique and it’s definitely chemistry. Also, as a Japanese artist, I’m trying to make a California Roll, which is an analogy I use in my music making. I already have the “wasabi”, “raw fish” and “rice”, from the Japanese influence but I need the “avocado” which is not originally in Japanese sushi. In my music, the “avocado” translates to familiarity in language, melody, and cultural essence in the creation for people who are not familiar with Japanese music.  Also, it’s a big challenge to put American and Japanese artists all together in the same album, I’m trying to break the border between the global market and the Japanese market.  We will be playing songs from the album live for the first time in the U.S. at the El Rey in Los Angeles on February 23. The album includes so many amazing features including an original monologue from Legendary actor Samuel L. Jackson, how did that come about? First of all, it is such a privilege. I met him on set in Hawaii when we were working on Kong Skull Island together. I respect him a lot for he is not only an actor but also a creator. He explained he loves Japanese culture and I’ve been feeling his respect for it too. So I thought, why not!? We kept in touch through social media and I asked him, thinking it would never happen, but he generously said yes!  LA ROXX jumpsuit and BRANDBLACK shoes. Who are your idols/role models? Who has influenced you? Who are some of your favorite musicians? Prince. I love his music, message, attitude and passion. I think he is one of those artists who got to the right place in their music career.  What musician would you love to collaborate with? Post Malone, Skrillex, Jaden Smith, Billie Eilish, and Madonna!  Where did you learn how to play the guitar so uniquely? Is it easier to play the guitar like that? It happened because I didn’t have the right teacher. LOL. To me, it’s easy to slap but it’s harder to play traditionally.  Which of your performances is the most memorable? Brazil!! The audience is always incredible. So wild and loud. I received so much energy from them. It felt like we were performing in front of dancers or musicians. It’s as if it didn’t matter if they knew the track or not, they just dance and feel the vibes once the beats start.  How do you think your music has evolved over the years? I’ve gone through many styles and genres over the years. But it’s always been true to me. That is exactly where I was in the moment. I’ve also been learning many, many things from legendary producers and musicians I’ve collaborated with like Jam & Lewis, Drew & Shannon.  Now I’m working with the genius Lenny Skolnik and his team and having such creative freedom.  I don’t hear guitar music on the radio in this county as much as I used to. That’s my mission to bring back the excitement of guitar music and that’s what I want to give back to the guitar which saved my life when I gave up my dream of being a soccer player when I was 14 years old. If you weren't doing music, what would you be pursuing right now? I think I would be chasing a soccer ball and girls. Do you enjoy acting as much as performing? Will we see you in anymore films soon? Yes! It’s very fun and I’ve learned many things from acting that affect my musical creation as well.  I shot Maleficent 2 in London last summer. Thanks to Angelina Jolie, I had a great experience. My first good guy role.  How did you become a goodwill ambassador and what’s it like? What do you do as a goodwill ambassador? When I first met Angelina Jolie through the movie “Unbroken” I was inspired by her career as a special envoy of UNHCR. She has been committed to the refugee agency for over 15 years and I wanted to be involved in anyway that I could, even if I didn’t have as powerful of a voice as she did. As an ambassador, I visit, witness, listen and share times with refugees. I feel, express, think and spread awareness with people. I’m not a specialist but I can make opportunities for people to get to know about this issue and think about what we can do for people.  Do you play music when you visit the refugee camps? Yes! The power of music is so strong. The first time I noticed it was when I was playing guitar for some children at a refugee camp in Lebanon, I could see the brightness in their eyes.  What do you think is the best song you've ever released? Umm... I think “Fragile” is the one. Musically, I have more fun on more technically difficult tracks but on “Fragile” I was able to dig into a deeper part of my heart and show a more vulnerable side of myself. In the future, I’m planning to make a solo album which is more personal with more simple and direct messages to my fans.  What advice can you give to those who want to pursue music as a career? The way people consume music as a product has changed drastically, and unfortunately the music industry is shrinking, however, the power of music has not changed at all. I strongly believe we all need music more than ever before, now that the world is so unstable and divided as some countries are being more isolated and independent. Let’s believe that music can bring people together and make art for the future together. Photographed by May He. Styled by  Veronica Graye Groomed by Anny Kim using Chanel Beauty and Living Proof at Exclusive Artists.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Adam Selman Sport Spring 2019  Adam Selman Sport Spring 2019  Adam Selman Sport Spring 2019  Adam Selman Sport Spring 2019  Adam Selman Sport Spring 2019  Adam Selman Sport Spring 2019  Adam Selman Sport Spring 2019  Adam Selman Sport Spring 2019  Adam Selman Sport Spring 2019  Adam Selman Sport Spring 2019  Adam Selman Sport Spring 2019  Adam Selman Sport Spring 2019  Adam Selman Sport Spring 2019  Adam Selman Sport Spring 2019  Adam Selman Sport Spring 2019  Adam Selman Sport Spring 2019  Adam Selman Sport Spring 2019  Adam Selman Sport Spring 2019  Adam Selman Sport Spring 2019  Adam Selman Sport Spring 2019  Adam Selman Sport Spring 2019  Adam Selman Sport Spring 2019  Adam Selman Sport Spring 2019  Adam Selman Sport Spring 2019  Adam Selman Sport Spring 2019  Adam Selman Sport Spring 2019 Adam Selman has long held a whimsical touch on every cool girls wardrobe. With classic shapes reimagined in his signature esoteric textural play, the clothing always made for perfect party wear. His reputation was further cemented by his iconic looks Rihanna rocked as well as the Le Spec collaboration that has become the standard eyewear for night clubbing and brunching the day after. It is with this playfulness that Selman has expanded his brand to a new defusion sportswear line, Adam Selman A.S.S. The line offers a range of workout wear which can be seamlessly incorporated into the main line as well as features his expansion into unisex offerings. We were so excited to check out the new collection and catch up with the designer to see how this collection will fit in between cardio and cocktails. Your main line is a go to for party girls, it girls, and arty girls, why do you feel now is a perfect time to unleash A.S.S., do you feel like it is a companion to the main line or its own girl? I think this definitely has the same spirit as Adam Selman.  I think people who are already wearing the brand will find pieces they know and love, but I am also hoping to open the door to new friends as well. I spent a long time market researching and talking to people about ASS. I really wanted it to function as active first, and have the fashion aspect be an added bonus. Traditional “fashion” is in a weird place, and I wanted to make sure I was challenging my own ideas of fashion and what I think my brand is and who it reaches.  It’s important to constantly take risks and push into new territory or else it gets expected and boring. Are these pieces best to go from gym to brunch to party or party, afterparty, brunch and then gym? I think it’s something like… Work to Workout Body to Boardroom Crunch to Brunch Squat to Shot Curl to Club Shred to Bed I’m not here to judge, or tell you what order to do it in, just to remind you that I got your ASS :) With the pieces for men can we expect to see more in the future on both lines? For now I am focused on ASS and really pivoting my whole brand into it. Making pieces more unisex was a big pull into the pivot. Eventually, I would love to dedicate more pieces to men. I’ve never been able to offer this with my mainline, so I’m excited to see how the boys respond to it. In the lookbook there is a strong retro vibe, 80s muscle, and Pater Sato-esque look going on, what was your main point of inspiration for this selection? Everything you are referencing, I am loving!  I really wanted ASS to feel like classic American sportswear, while having the same spirit of what I was doing with AdamSelman. I was inspired by a lot of different eras and wanted it to feel modern, uncomplicated and a little cheeky. We are using recycled nylon for the core pieces, the packaging is biodegradable, pieces come in a size XXS-XXL, and there is a unisex offering for the first time. We are working on being more sustainable and inclusive without sacrificing the fun, style, or message of what I really wanted to accomplish with my ASS. What workouts are you obsessed with right now and can you give us a hint at your routine? I didn’t work out for almost 4 years after starting my main line. Since deciding to do ASS, I have been a little work out crazed, but I actually don’t belong to a gym. I work out at night after work, I am a big believer in classes. I need someone else’s motivation. I go to Barry’s religiously and have started introducing some new boxing classes into my routine.  We will see what 2019 brings... Adam Selman A.S.S. is available at Carbon38 Photos courtesy of Adam Selman Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017        Judy Chicago’s seminal feminist artworks are in exhibition at the ICA, presented by fashion heavyweight Max Mara until March 2019 in Judy Chicago: A Reckoning. The showcase embarks on Chicago’s earlier works: hallucinatory spray painted triptychs, yonic porcelain plasters, a breach into her more experimental pieces in the fluid corporal and organic shapes on Birth Project. A Reckoning is also set to show lesser known works from the artist,  as well as her evolution into minimalist sculptural pieces in Car Hoods that show Chicago exploring outside of her abstract realm and playing with new textures and materials. Not to mention, her iconic installations, Dinner Party,  that show Chicago at her technical best. A Reckoning functions as a timeline that traces Chicago’s process in between the sixties and nineties through her most pivotal artistic decisions. Max Mara’s creative director, Ian Griffiths has also designed an exclusive t-shirt for the exhibition that features a print of Chicago’s Bigamy Hood, which is now available in select Max Mara boutiques. Be sure to catch the Judy Chicago: A Reckoning before April 21st, and the artist’s site-specific sculpture, A Purple Poem for Miami on February 23rd.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   ROBERTO CAVALLI dress and shoes and SARAH BORGHI socks. PRADA top, shorts, shoes, and bag MISSONI coat and earrings, PENCE 1979 skirt, and LOUIS VUITTON shoes. 3.1 PHILLIP LIM coat, shirt, and shorts and PRADA shoes, socks and necklace. MARNI jacket, skirt, and bag. LOUIS VUITTON top and skirt. MISSONI dress and earrings. THE ATTICO top and SHEILA WESTERA ring. ROBERTO CAVALLI coat and 16R dress Photographer: Raffaele Marone  Model: Alice Sofia at Monster  Styling and casting: Silvia Macchioni  Hair and Make Up: Elisa Rampi using Paul Mitchell. Stylist assistant: Gianmarco Bersani  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017              St-Henri unveiled the Autumn/Winter 2019 collection during Men’s London Fashion Week set in a motel mirage that revealed a streetwear take on western workwear. The brand, which was founded in 2017, reflects the designer’s French Canadian culture and is known for its signature Americana wardrobe.  Creative director and fashion designer Jean-Loup Leblanc Roy explores a deconstruction of workwear staples through acid-washed denim, a puffer vest, and cowboy style belt, big buckle included. We spoke with the Montrel-born, London-based fashion designer about inspiration, the color red, and what’s next for St. Henri.  Your style looks like a stripped down Americana, at its most essential and moody, what inspired you about the fashion movement? What would you say is your interpretation of it? I grew up in countryside Quebec, on the border of Vermont. I would say that Americana fashion is part of my identity rather than being only inspired by it. I moved to Montreal when I was 19, then lived a bit in Hong Kong and then London. The modernity, energy and the distinct style identities of these cities in combination with various life experiences informed and elevated my vision. That became the St-Henri signature.  There seems to be an equal balance of clothes for both genders, yet they seem to be interchangeable like your pieces could look great on any boy or girl? Was that your intention or is that important to you in your art direction? My design philosophy is very much product based rather than “look” oriented.  Therefore, the styling comes together very organically at the end along with the casting. The interchangeability is a result of this I believe. What was the inspiration behind St-Henri // AW19 Presentation? To create a room which was at the same time very familiar and strangely mysterious, comforting yet uncanny. I wanted to play with these dichotomies to create a “magical” room. What did St-Henri try to evolve from their previous winter/autumn collection. More depth and richness of details.  The colors seem limited to primary colors, brighter and more muted versions of this. Was this to make everything contrast enough to go well together? What attracted you to a primary color palette? Red was my main focus and the rest grew from there. Red because for me it’s the colour that represents North America. I think for example of a red pick up truck (my first car), a cherry pie or the Red Room in Twin Peaks. It’s raw, homely and mysterious.  What is the story in the press releases? Who are these people? When I design it helps me to have a gang in mind. I give them a personality, most of the time they are outcast and free.  Was the task of updated Americana to streetwear difficult? What were some of the challenges in translating your vision into clothes that kids would want to wear? It’s quite easy because I come from a streetwear background and I want to make clothes that I would want to wear. I’m obsessed by Japanese labels and their attention to quality and detailing.  How does St. Henry think of innovative cuts and looks for menswear? How do you question masculinity and manipulate it? I love to play between tight and cropped fights in opposition with oversizing. It’s like having a kid wearing adult clothes or a teenager that would grow too quick. For me it’s about bringing out the boyish side of masculinity. I think it’s about joy and bliss.   What are you most proud about in the scope of your seasons and in this one? Where is St. Henri headed toward? I’m really proud of our first presentation. It was an incredible teamwork and such a great learning curve. I’m proud of what we have done, starting the brand from scratch. Everything is DIY. Next season will be the time to expand our offer to more items needed on the daily, such as shoes, belts and bags. Making more looks as well is the aim, and perhaps working on capsules, in order to have more episodes to our story than the twice-a-year collections. I also wish to go to Japan to visit manufacturers and mills, where some of our fabrics are already coming from. Photos courtesy of St-Henri Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Valentino Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Valentino Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Valentino Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Valentino Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Valentino Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Valentino Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Valentino Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Valentino Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Valentino Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Valentino Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Valentino Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Valentino Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Valentino Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Valentino Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Valentino Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019 Pierpaolo Piccioli did something unique in this Paris spring/summer haute couture season: he instilled a range of emotions into each of the garments sent out at the packed Hôtel de Rothschild to the tunes of classical and opera music. The show closed with Naomi Campbell in a sumptuous black sheer chiffon blouse and black taffeta ruffled long skirt paired with the sensual vocals of Roberta Flack singing her hit song ‘The First Time I Ever Saw Your Face.’ The intensity of the clothes explored deeply and more elaborately the grand silhouettes, audacious colors, and impeccable craftsmanship all within the couture framework from the fall 2018 show last July, reiterating that fashion is a journey - an especially unique one in couture - where one step marching forward is built upon the past and on the crisps of the future.   The show opened with easy and luxurious day clothes in an array of vibrant colors – a repertoire including a fancy white organza blouse with loose flowing orange pants, a light mustard silk coat paired with an opened white shirt and light green cigarette pants, or an ivory cashmere reversible coat with pleated leaf green silk pants. The day clothes exuded an easy elegance, yet the evening wear - couture’s main course - exploded with voluminous but manageable silhouettes like a brown gazar blouse embroidered with ivory lace and rhinestones paired with a floral print faille skirt or a pink ball gown in taffeta with incrustations of laces that required over 700 hours of handiwork alone. Dresses came in diverse shapes from deep blue ruffled silk to tent-shaped khaki jacquard. A tulle dress entirely embroidered with lace cut into flowers was particularly outstanding. Somehow, these oversized dresses in all of their magnanimity didn’t appear heavy in substance as their sheer volume and light fabrics allowed for movement. Each time a model passed by, the dress moved to the rhythm of her body: action framing fantasy and reality in one garment.  At Valentino, then and now, “the vocabulary, not the language, of couture changes,” said the designer responsible for the extravaganza of fine details. Piccioli applied all the elements associated with haute couture – ruffles, frills, fringes, volumes, flowers, embroideries, lacework et al – which merged together on each garment preserving the knowledge, but creating a garment for a different generation of women. It was not left unnoticed how diverse the casting of the show was, and the only show this couture season to have featured a over two thirds of the girls as black models – from newcomers to superstars. If the couture craftsmanship and methodology remained steadfastly traditional, the casting of these women are its modern facet. At the very least, on the runway the intentional diverse casting embraced the future road for couture and undoubtedly changed the look at Valentino at a show that deserved the applause as the guests stood to salute the designer as he entered each of the ornate salons. Photos courtesy of Valentino Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Balmain Paris Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Balmain Paris Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Balmain Paris Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Balmain Paris Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Balmain Paris Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Balmain Paris Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Balmain Paris Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Balmain Paris Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Balmain Paris Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Balmain Paris Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Balmain Paris Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Balmain Paris Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Balmain Paris Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Balmain Paris Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Balmain Paris Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Balmain Paris Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Balmain Paris Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Balmain Paris Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Balmain Paris Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Balmain Paris Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Balmain Paris Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019 In his first haute couture show for Balmain, -a Parisian couture house founded by Pierre Balmain in 1945 - Olivier Rousteing pushed forward the house’s heritage of fashion as architecture in movement. Staged in the unfinished, two level store to be opened later in February near Place Vendome. With a collection that could be best described as stretching the boundaries of sculptural shapes yet flawlessly hand made by the atelier, showing off once again the intricate details and application of crafts specific to couture. There did not seem to be any real historical references nor any mood boards so to speak that took ideas from the past and rehashed them for now. Nor was there any attempt at reviving the house’s own past glories. When there were references, they were broad, like heritage of craft and theatrical shapes rather than specific era or gown.  Indeed it was a fresh start and one that succeeded in paving the way for the development of a voice in couture that will fortify the entire brand.  What was truly genuine about the show was Rousteing’s obvious enthusiasm of launching this adventure, that he sought to answer the question of ‘what is couture in 2019?’ He opened the show with a white, long, silk, wool, asymmetrical coat. It had high and broad shoulders with multiple folds on one side that descended the sleeves along. A half bustle became part of the long train, worn with matching hot pants and giant, round, ball-shaped ‘B’ bracelets. What followed were plays on exaggerated shapes. For example, an above the neck, raised platform collar on a white jacket of a pant suit; a round balloon micro skirt paired with an oversized turtleneck and a white, short, pearl embroidered dress with a partly sheer pleated organza sailboat shape. The workmanship on these clothes are unrivaled by any other shows in Paris. The intricate pearls and metal chains embroideries on a cut-out denim based short dress, a white tulle blouse, pants and a hanging cape wrap made of even cut, hand painted feathers. Needless to say, a few of the silhouettes were probably more experimental than realistic. Say, the giant balloon leather corset and feather skirt but make it a light pink satin corset with wavy layers of silk organza fold sleeves and a short embroidered skirt with pink feather trims. It was totally chic and eventually one might get used to a strapless dress with fairly large and uneven side panels in pink tweeds.  Like it or hate it, there is something infectious about Rousteing’s enthusiasm and determination to carry this project forward to fruition. Plus, the house is backing his vision forcefully.  No doubt he had fun as he ran around the store runway in the show finale to the tune of Michel Polnareff’s 1977 song ‘Lettre à France.’ A melody about the nostalgia of being away from the country. Perhaps this was meant as a bridging of the Balmain couture past with the couture now. A reunification of sorts between past and present on this closing show of the spring couture season.          Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Maison Margiela Artisanal Spring/Summer 2019  Maison Margiela Artisanal Spring/Summer 2019  Maison Margiela Artisanal Spring/Summer 2019  Maison Margiela Artisanal Spring/Summer 2019  Maison Margiela Artisanal Spring/Summer 2019  Maison Margiela Artisanal Spring/Summer 2019  Maison Margiela Artisanal Spring/Summer 2019  Maison Margiela Artisanal Spring/Summer 2019  Maison Margiela Artisanal Spring/Summer 2019  Maison Margiela Artisanal Spring/Summer 2019 John Galliano explained in a podcast that he was ready to move on from his explorations of fast and new glamour in the last few seasons to a new direction with so much energy centering on the idea of decadence in art, film, literature and fashion inspired from Joyce Carol Oates novel ‘Against Nature’.  In today’s super high-speed digital world, the extraordinary abundance of artifice or “le malaise” as Galliano called this process of excess was a cyclical phenomenon with so much imagery that would lead to regurgitation. Galliano deployed these words “overconsumption,” “overindulgence,” and “oversaturation” to fabricate new approach to confront and shake up what is haute couture in thinking and in clothes with the mixed up chaos of cuts and cloths.  Decadence meant the subjugation of rules and order transforming the inner leg of a skateboarder’s pants into the body of a coat without actual but only the memory of sleeves.   Galliano portrayed this frenzy and chaos in the show’s opening look – a giant bundle of colorful smorgasbord of discarded fringes and fabrics made into a garment resembling a long ‘dress’ without sleeves.  What the model wore - this look of fabrics from variable sources ground up and pasted onto what can be described as a dress - was nearly absorbed by the backdrop of wild graffiti with images of puddle dog painted in white and blue. But from this departure of total disorder and mayhem, the designer reconstructed a sense of order pulling specific segment of a garment like the emergence of a new order from the progression to adding elements of clothes like part of a white buttoning of a jacket on top of the pile in the second look and then sleeves in the third.  By the fifth look, the dress began to take shape – the short sleeve bolero top section with embroidered plastic flowers on orange and light green wool.   Altering reality to create new reality just like the past concept of the memory of a garment to create new garments and out the chaos from the first look there rose the order of tailoring which its rigorous application of precise cutting technique to get that perfect shape.  ‘Dreams can become a reality’ as Galliano said of the poet Charles Baudelaire’s proclamation.  The evocation of clothes and the memory of clothes allowed for this gargantuan mixture. Then a patch pocket blue leopard print collar jacket and a cutaway skirt painted in graffiti was the first recognizable garment.   Galliano is a master tailor as well as a master dressmaker with deep knowledge of cutting and draping. By exploring different genres of clothes within the idea of cutting like using a skateboard pant with its inside leg travelling up the side of body and merged with part of a trench to create a bottom section of a skirt worn with dark tee and a jacket stretch to become a wrap cape just like one reality meshed up to create another reality.  The brown wool crop and fitted jacket with satin ribbon closure – a nod to the 18thcentury fastening methods – with navy blue wool sleeves attached at high angle was one of the highlights of the tailoring in a series of coats and jackets towards the end of the show.  The sleeves seemed out of place as if they were placed there against their will.  Elements of clothes migrated and degraded without restraint and resulted in a vest/corset combo onto of a black lace tee-shirt with orange plumes and color print long shorts.  In keeping with the gender fluid garments that all can wear from his spring ready-to-wear show, Galliano casted male models for the show rather than employing the traditional top models selects.  While this may seem like a radical choice for a couture show, the guys wearing the clothes made the chaos that much more exhilarating.  But if couture is a playground for experimentation, Galliano surely succeeded in changing the values of couture.   Photos courtesy of Maison Margiela   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    UMA Resort 19  UMA Resort 19  UMA Resort 19  UMA Resort 19  UMA Resort 19  UMA Resort 19 UMA is the family-owned womenswear brand created by Raquel and Roberto Davidowicz. While Roberto handles operations, Raquel sits as head designer- responsible for the curated garments with fluid shapes, distinctive colors, and multi-use utilitarian features. Based in São Paulo, the couple remains inspired by the city’s arts, design, and architecture, which plays an instrumental role in their brand’s DNA. Timeless and sophisticated, Raquel’s designs meet contemporary fashion through a minimalistic scope. We visited UMA’s new SoHo location and caught up with the co-founder and designer to learn more about her expanding empire. When did UMA’s story begin? I started UMA after working for eight years in my husband’s family business. At the time, I was already working with the creative team, designing collections. The brand had a more classic style, targeting mature women. After eight years, my husband and I decided to create a new brand with our DNA. In 1996 we launched UMA as a small project, with a capsule collection, selling at a pop-up store inside an art gallery. The collection went very well, and the rest is history.  What’s the meaning behind the name?  UMA in Portuguese means “one” (female pronoun), like “une” in French. The concept of our brand was built around singularity, making people feel unique without losing their own personalities. We focus on exclusive shapes and fabrics that stray from the obvious.  Since inception, how has your company grown? We started with one pop up store in 1996, then opened a flagship store and a contemporary restaurant called UMA Refeitório in Vila Madalena, a very artsy neighborhood in São Paulo. After a couple of years, we opened a showroom and started selling to select stores all over the country. Around the same time, we opened a second store in São Paulo, a store in Rio and one in Brasilia. In 2006, we were invited to start showing in São Paulo Fashion Week, which gave the brand larger visibility. In 2009, as we saw the rise of e-commerce and online marketplaces, we started selling at Farfetch. In 2016 we decided to make an international move, opening a store in New York City on Bleecker Street, and after almost three years, we moved to a bigger store on Soho. We also expanded online, with our own e-commerce in both countries (Brazil and US), and e-tailers such as Farfetch, Garmentory, and Amazon. Uma Raquel Davidowicz New York 13 Crosby Street Internationalizing the brand became a focus in 2015 with the opening of a New York City location. What has the reception been like outside of Brazil? It was a pleasant surprise. People liked our design, understood our DNA, and were positively impressed by the fact we are a Brazilian family-owned brand and that everything is manufactured in Brazil. Your designs embody a sophisticated culture through a minimalistic lens. What aspects of art, design, and architecture inspire your work? I love contemporary art, design, dance, architecture, films, etc... My interest in these industries have always helped me a lot with my creative process. People that look at the world in a different way, and are able to interpret it through an alternative medium are captivating. Being with friends that work with art, architecture, and dance, not only inspire me but also allow me to explore fashion in different formats, collaborations, and experiences.  How do silhouette and drape play an essential role in your garments? I like the way fabrics can involve the body in a soft way, creating sculptural forms, different movements with comfort — clothes as an extension of the body. What collection/ piece has held the most meaning to you thus far? The AW14 collection inspired by movement. The fashion show was performed by the São Paulo Dance Company, it was amazing. How is São Paulo personified in your business? São Paulo is a crazy city, with a lot of hidden interesting places and contemporary architecture, with a rich cultural scene in the middle of social chaos. This uncomfortable situation always provokes new thoughts and ideas.   How do you hope to influence fellow Brazilian designers? Showing it is possible to keep your DNA, regardless of their professional moment and context. This is the most important thing in a brand, in my opinion. In 2018, you teamed up with an NGO, Abraço Cultural, to encourage the professional initiation of refugees on the local market. How did this partnership come to fruition? The partnership started as I was creating the AW18 collection, which was inspired in migration/immigration. Abraço Cultural is a young NGO that is doing a beautiful job, and they were very open to the partnership. We created a T-Shirt together which is sold in all of our stores and at their HQ, and part of the profit is donated to their work. We are always trying to help people whenever we can. It doesn’t have to be a huge initiative; It is important to start by acting local, with small initiatives; Every action counts. Tell us about your SS19 collection. We shot our SS19 campaign in our headquarters, where we have our atelier, which was amazing. The transparency of our work and process inspired me to look within; our space and our collective work represent our core. Fluidity comes in an introspective manner, giving the term ‘movement’ a fresh meaning. Colors appeared stronger and more diverse. Also, we launched Lygia Clark’s iconic series ‘Os Bichos’ as a re-edition of the original work, available in all stores this season. UMA NYC photography by: Phoenix Johnson Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   PINKO coat and MOTHER DENIM jumpsuit. MOTHER DENIM jacket, SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO shorts, HENRI BENDEL earrings BOTTEGA VENETA jacket, MOTHER DENIM jeans, PEARL COLLECTIVE earrings, and CUTLER AND GROSS sunglasses. BOTTEGA VENETA jacket, CITIZENS OF HUMANITY jeans, MIRANDA FRYE earrings. SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO jacket, AMO DENIM jeans, FABRIZIO VITI boots, and ASTRID & MIYU earrings. SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO jacket, KSLAM top, CITIZENS OF HUMANITY skirt, PEARL COLLECTIVE necklaces, and vintage belt. SANDRO top, MOTHER DENIM jeans, ALIAS MAE shoes, CUTLER AND GROSS sunglasses. AGOLDE top, HUDSON jeans, MSGM boots, ACCESSORY CONCIERGE earrings. FRAME jacket and jeans. CQY jacket and jeans and HUGO BOSS top. LUCKY BRAND jacket, DIOR dress, and ULLA JOHNSON shoes. DIOR dress, FIDELITY DENIM jeans, and PEARL COLLECTIVE bracelets. MOTHER DENIM jacket, SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO shorts, HUGO BOSS shoes, HENRI BENDEL earrings. Photographed by Max Montgomery. Styled by Soaree Cohen.  Makeup by Amy Strozzi.  Hair by Dritan Vishaj. Models -  Courtney Coll and Ayaana Stevens at Freedom Models.    Floral Design and Produced by Caiti Hawkins.    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Givenchy Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Givenchy Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Givenchy Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Givenchy Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Givenchy Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Givenchy Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Givenchy Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019 A white book with a hundred blank pages of thick white paper was Givenchy’s invitation for the haute couture show inside the Musée d’Art moderne de la Ville de Paris. White was also the painted cover with vinyl floor, carpeting but also the central message of the show – “bleached canvas” a reset to start afresh from ground zero to construct a couture collection with what is the present absence of historical references and inspiration boards. Clare Waight Keller decided to let the clothes themselves be the reference point with a departure from the neck. She presented a black double breasted jacket, with one lapel tucked inside and the other folded outward in contrasting white silk. The look hugged the hips and was highlighted with side patch pockets worn with black latex legging pant that opened the stellar show brimmed with novel ideas and flawless executions.    From this clean slate, Waight Keller constructed each garment with a fresh point of view often mixing elements of hard and soft or in haute couture parlance combining the skills of the tailleur and flou ateliers, each side responsible respectively for the black sleeveless and backless wool jacket with a back flap and the fuchsia layered silk jacquard skirt with cylinder hip bands that flare out to the floor.  This dichotomy pervaded the collection as seen in the white lacquered Swiss guipure short dress with white shoulder pads anchoring the triangular front flap and a flare micro skirt underneath the draped lace or a tight acid yellow strapless corset and yellow vinyl legging made for the show by the latex specialist Atsuko Kudo paired with a white floral embroidered tulle.   The construction of the clothes followed certain logic of architecture juxtaposing opposing lines to create an overall effect of combining strictly fitted and volume shapes together like the straight lines of the jacket with the curves of the ball skirt or the stretch effect of a red latex turtleneck with a criss-cross embroidered metallic lace and flowy silk gown strapped dress.  A straight crop black wool jacket had large shiny silk satin puff sleeves.  These contrasts played out on garments throughout the show even the men’s tailored suit were made with shiny fabrics and one black jacket had silver embroideries to soften its rigid cut shape. Even the backpack underwent a transformation now with large wing shape folds on each side, almost like the pack of a giant parachute albeit one made with silk satin.  The power of the clothes laid in this mixture of opposites.   Waight Keller clearly demonstrated with this third show her command of haute couture with clarity of techniques and meticulous detailed craftsmanship but it’s her strong aesthetic direction that will prove viable for the future of couture at Givenchy.    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Chanel Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Chanel Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Chanel Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Chanel Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Chanel Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Chanel Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Chanel Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019  Chanel Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019 The snow fell hard on a frozen Paris morning, but inside the Grand Palais, a real life replica of a sumptuous Southern Mediterranean summer villa set the vibe with palm trees, grass, and tropical shrubs. The greenery was placed in the center by a blue water swimming pool dubbed Villa Chanel. A relief to guests shaking off the wet snow from their fur coats. The marvelous garden installation did nothing to distract from a calm and control show of pristine lean shapes, light tweeds for the strong shoulder classic suits;  long skirts and light silk column dresses with touches of floral decorations and a bride in a sparkling silver two piece swimsuit walking to the tune of Mina and Alberto Lupo’s 1972 hit song ‘Parole Parole’, a song popularized by Dalida and Alain Delon in a French version two years later.  At the center of any garden, especially one inspired from the 18th century grand outdoor spaces, lush  green vegetation and of course the variety of flowers  permeate throughout the collection showing up as delicate, technicolored bouquets. This was seen in shiny ceramic spawn along a bright green strapless dress; pastel plastics on a light pink sequin dress with feathers sleeves; white, pink, and green petals of small flowers on a bodysuit under pale green short bubble dress made of satin. The main silhouette were long and lean with boat necklines, round, broad shoulders with skirts running mid calf. A light pink suit with a folded lapel; tweed spread collar jacket with large shoulder and split front long skirt; a series of voluminous bell and corolla shape dresses; black cropped jacket and a tiered white skirt; several versions of pastel satin short dresses with folding details revealing embroideries underneath.  While there was an absence of brand new or experimental shapes of past seasons like the radical giant shoulders, sleeves and waistlines from fall 2018,  or the wide spread collar neck treatment from spring 2016, here there was a deliberate process of refinement, of sharpening ideas, and fine tuning experiments of the past.  Fashion is often a trial and error methodology, whereby certain cuts may not work the first time, but that may produce the perfect lines in the next few seasons.  Another thing to look at in fashion, is that the eye can adjust – a new shape may look odd in its first outing, but seeing the same shape emerge again and again and by forceful habits, one adjusts  to what whatever one sees, no matter how unusual.  The large shoulder treatment was slightly rounded off that produced a shoulder still sharp but slightly less out of proportion. A deep boat neck may have made a tweed jacket look more like a vest, but raising the line slightly and the jacket became part of a slick suit with a neckline that fell on each side of the chest at the correct angle to meet the collarbone.  This too, is a process of haute couture and the slow march of changes in how clothes are made, in this spring show, this process is clear to the naked eye. This incredibly soft collection complimented the summer garden décor so that the clothes felt a bit like the lightness of air, even the spring tweed fabrics used on the classic suits,  the taffeta and silk used on dresses seemed featherweight, the embellishments, never excessive.  One can sense lightness as the models passed by pushing away the cold air.  Perhaps this lightness is also a thought process in clothes making – younger people don’t want clothes that feel heavy on their body. Or they are just great spring couture garments.  Photos courtesy of Chanel Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The new Ermenegildo Zegna XXX icon, My Cesare, was launched at the Winter 2019 fashion show in Milan on 21 January, 2019. My Cesare, is the first fully personalized sneaker and is making a turning point in athletic-inspired fashion footwear. Making its debut on the runway, My Cesare displayed authentic options and materials to exhibit the iconic new footwear. A. Chal, Ashton Sanders, Damson Idris This essential pair of shoes can be customized with a Pantone of colors for the logo, overlapping mesh, leather upper, leather detailing, and extra-light rubber sole. After the sneaker is fully personalized, My Cesare can be designed and obtained within 6-8 weeks. My Cesare are shoes created for those who want to tell a story, their story. Storytellers such as Topaz Jonas, an American musical artist or Latin American singer, A. Chal. and Sonny Hall, an English poet and model. They convey their personality through the artistry and individuality these shoes portray. Sonny Hall Topaz Jonas For those who want to construct their own My Cesare, can do so on Farfetch, WeChat and in-store at select boutiques worldwide. Follow the hashtags - #ZegnaXXX and #MyCesare - to discover the world of XXX and its storytellers across the globe. Photos courtesy of Zegna Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Dior Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019.  Dior Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019.  Dior Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019.  Dior Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019.  Dior Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019.  Dior Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019.  Dior Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019.  Dior Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2019. A group of young women of different sizes and heights stepped out onto the light green and yellow wooden platform. Inside a mustard-colored canvas tent, decorated with stringed transparent light bulbs that hung like waves across the wooden support anchors, incandescent, the women performed acrobatics, their bodies crawled over each other and amassed themselves into a living, breathing pyramid. They were members of the Mimbre company, a London based group that gave a stellar opening to the Dior haute couture show. Maria Grazia Chuiri showed her highly anticipated spring couture line inspired by a photograph and a TV headline. It was a famous Richard Avedon photograph from then model Dovima at Cirque d’hiver in August 1955. Dovima was the first in her field to go only by a first name: a triptych of her actual name, Dorothy Virginia Margaret. In the black and white photograph, her hands are spread out, laid softly on two elephants by her sides. She wore a long black Christian Dior dress, a large silk sash wrapped around her waist. The photograph by Harper’s Bazaar, now known as “Dovima with Elephants.” Chuiri was also inspired by coverage of the show at the Savoy Hotel in London ‘Dior  “Circus” comes to Town’ in 1950.   In Grazia Chuiri’s mind, the circus inspiration was less about any actual company than a metaphorical locale in the early twentieth century, when artists like Pablo Picasso, Jean Cocteau, Léonide Massine, Erik Satie, and Sergei Diaghilev contributed to staging at Cirque Medrano. A time when, creative, off-the-wall, and diverse genres clashed together, similar to what is seen in fashion today.  In terms of cohesion, the circus theme provided the crucial momentum for consistency. A mere flawless execution of clothes and ambience that allowed Grazia Chuiri to explore deeply, to stretch the atelier’s hand to its limits. It resulted in her best haute couture outing to date since arriving at the Dior house in 2016. A show where clothes and inspiration coalesced seamlessly in shades of pale pastels, combinations of black and white.   The figurative tattoo skins of women in Victorian circus became the base for subtle crinoline dresses with alternating fabrics in pale pink and blue, star pattern embroidered on v-neck dress worn with white, medieval English, high collared blouses. Black and white tattoo pattern bodysuit underneath a tulle embroidered geometric motifs pleated dress.  The work of the flou atelier shone brilliantly with gold lame, knotted and pleated dresses. But it was a tulle skirt with an inset of multicolor silk,  jacquard bands frayed at the edges, that really caught my eye.  It was worn with a puff sleeved knit tulle sweater,  a soft light green and orange harlequin pattern pleated on an organza evening dress gave a touch of warmth with a white sun ray pleated collar bolero. It was one of the show’s strongest looks. Overall, there was less emphasis on ornamentation, the clothes felt lighter. And where decorations were required, they were not overdone, but rather applied with restraint, in a light sparkle on a short Bar shape dress with puffed sleeves and undulated pattern of beads.  Not to be outdone, the tailleur atelier was magical with its sharp tailormanship on a burgundy ottoman and satin trouser suit with frogging, a black strapless wool and silk jumpsuit with an ivory organza shirt, or a slim fitted black wool tailcoat trouser suit.  The jacket of the suit, one with fringed trims on sleeves and legs, had a hint  of the original Bar silhouette, but not the exaggerated shape, giving the models a whiff of effortlessness and comfort. The Definite Bar jacket came out as a white  embroidered organza jacket worn with a short silver rhinestone jumpsuit, a look that was more 2019 than 1947. In a nod to the more laissez faire attitude of millennials, there was a simple silk long sleeve tunic and matching shorts with lightly threaded embroideries in gold and orange.  Grazia Chuiri has singularly brought a voice of activism – her “We Should All be Feminist” slogan for women’s liberation t-shirts and the Paris May 1968 shows had jolted the luxury sector of fashion to be more involved in societal issues. It affected haute couture in subtle ways. The image of the clown as a figure transcendent gender lines, the circus was seen as a place of inclusion. Until this day, the circus represents an idealized image of modern society “where beauty, origin, gender, and age are no longer important, and only technique and daring matter.” Photos courtesy of Dior/ Estelle Hanania Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Thom Browne F/W 2019 Thom Browne F/W 2019 THOM BROWNE   Ever since his first men’s show in 2003 in New York, Thom Browne has always employed the ‘mise-en-scène’ format of staging his show to resemble a theatrical masterpiece to imbue the collection with meanings beyond the physical garments. The scenery became integral to the clothes, weaving a narrative often absence from fashion – from ice skating rink to military schools, from funeral home to luscious outdoor gardens, and from magical yards to a mineral museum.  At the École nationale des Beaux-arts, Browne covered the ground and seats with transparent plastic packing bubble wrap, along with a linear steel installation that ran down the middle of the runway, creating the sort of environment apt for self-reflection and meditation.   The show opened with eight models, each face partially covered with plastic makeup and all dressed alike in white layered dress walking in a military march manner. The opening provided the feel of a palate cleanser, a complete wiping out of everything to start afresh. From there came a single model wearing an all-white suit, beginning the thematic breakdown and the total submerge of menswear traditions and the applications of womenswear clothing techniques that defy gender classification.   The focus was on the waist – the central part of the body that dictated how the silhouette will work and how the shoulder and hemline fall into place.  For “womenswear as menswear, everything sits on the waist, sculpted with corsets, tailored with darts, an elongated line, drawn with elongated jackets, long skirts and dresses.”  The suit and jackets were cut slim, emphasizing the waist and merging together into a grey trompe l'oeil one-piece dress that contoured the body.  Divided into twelve groups and composed of three looks each, the first look would be more familiar menswear. The second look saw the degradation and deconstruction of the men’s look and further transformed into a womenswear look using the same fabrics. In each case, the process was repeated as the same outfit underwent a transformation from men’s to women’s clothes.   The show was indeed a postgraduate study in sartorial construction. Thom Browne is someone whose work is centered around how to make clothes differently, that is by changing the rules.  It takes a real fashion designer, with deep knowledge and mastery of technical skills, to attempt and achieve this in a flawless manner.  Despite the magnitude of the deliberate shift from making what are traditionally women clothes for men, all the Thom Browne ‘items’ remained – the repertoire of coats, blazers, hunting jackets, tweeds, tartans, repp stripes, embroidered ducks for the hardened fans.   LOEWE  Loewe F/W 2019 Loewe F/W 2019 Loewe F/W 2019 Loewe F/W 2019 Gelbe Modellierung: a 1985 giant cotton wall formation sculpture by the German performance artist Franz Erhard Walther that displayed two jackets and two trousers on separate parts of the interconnected yellow surface was the anchor for Jonathan Anderson’s debut menswear show for Loewe at the Maison de l’UNESCO. The designer merged his sensibilities with the brand’s craftsman to create a collection recognized as a hybrid of traditional men’s clothes and sportswear and an eccentric mixture of elements. Take for example the leather boots-chaps-pants combo the models walked in, the blue cotton striped shirt with fur trims on the shoulders, or a big knit coat with hanging multicolor ribbons.  Fitted jackets and wide pants were the base silhouette of the collection ranging from a light pink or black single-breasted suit with elongated white shirt – an Anderson trademark – to the long brown hooded sweater dress worn with black pants. There was plenty of great knitwear from a long white ribbed sweater decorated with colored pebbles stones, a red and olive striped long crew neck, a brown striped hand knit sweater dress and a giant black wool extended long sleeve with graphic drawings by artist Keith Vaughan. These super long shapes distinguished in the shirts, polos, and sweaters provided the up-tempo fashion quotient for a fine debut full of great merchandises.  Hermés F/W 2019 Hermés F/W 2019 Hermés F/W 2019 Hermés F/W 2019 Hermés F/W 2019 HERMÈS  Véronique Nichanian, a long-time menswear designer at Hermès, knows her brand and her customers well. At the Mobilier national, Nichanian offered the right menu to discernable clothes. Made with luxurious and well researched materials at the highest quality available. Season after season, Nichanian applied her knowledge of fabrics to search for ways to establish new techniques and apply them to different types of fabrics. Some examples are tie dyed leather, paper thin lamb skins, and quilted wool flannel. The designer applied small and meticulous changes to the details of each jacket, coat and pants by making these very small adjustments here and there. Adjustments, at times, can be difficult to actually see but will feel different for the customers who purchase and wear the clothes over time. This time the jacket shape is slightly longer and pants are cut slightly shorter in hues of navy, sage, burnt orange, cigar and parma to show off the latest handmade, leather shoes. The double-breasted and the pinstriped suits had silver dragon buttons. A few of the suits were made from dragon silk, a silk made from genetically modified silkworm so that the silk produced has greater elasticity and strength. The silk shirts were not just regular silk, but a special moulinée silk, handmade in cold water, washed and hand dyed in Nova Scotia. Wool turtlenecks were made from Maxi Torsade 180, the type of wool that is super soft and super chunky. The yarn is steamed twice and absorbs quickly to retain the color of the dye. That’s the difference between a Hermès turtleneck and a regular turtleneck. Hermès customers understand and appreciate this difference. The series of graphic sweaters and the graphic leather baseball jacket surely would appeal to a younger generation appreciative of fine and unrivaled quality clothes.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Men's Artistic Director Virgil Abloh’s first campaign for Louis Vuitton Spring-Summer 2019 examines the different phases in one’s life and how each contributes to identity and wardrobe, depicted through key pieces from his SS19 collection. The campaign is expanded into three chapters, and is to be released from January until March.  Phase 1: As seen through the lense of Inez & Vinoodh, Infancy, Childhood and Adolescence examines individual evolvement portrayed through the stages of boyhood. The first shot reveals 3-year-old Alieyth and Jack, 2, embodying the freedom of infancy in Wizard of Oz-themed jumpers from the spring/summer collection.  Childhood and teenage years are captured by actors Leo James Davis, 7, seen bathing in the light of a rainbow and 16-year-old Luke Prael, covered in poppy-print. Phase 2: The Painter’s Studio, by Mohamed Bourouissa, takes inspiration from the 1855 oil on canvas work The Painter’s Studio by French realist Gustave Courbet.  The original work showcases Courbet working on a painting, surrounded by people from all levels of French society seen on the left and members of high society to the right. Abloh’s take on The Painter’s Studio transforms Courbet’s vision of the cultural elite to be reimagined by members of his team, inner circle, and models, all dressed in Spring-Summer 2019.  The full series will be released February 1. Phase 3: School Teens, by Dutch photographer Raimond Wouda, showcases students dressed in block-color t-shirts photographed around schools in Los Angeles. The images will be revealed on March 22.  Go to Louis Vuitton’s website for the full video.   Photos courtesy of Louis Vuitton.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017           The anticipation was over on a cold Sunday night in the middle of the Place de la Concorde where Hedi Slimane showed his first standalone men’s show for CELINE with a collection that was decidedly very Slimane.  While the clothes retained that air of familiarity, the feel was  of a more mature attitude.  It was a very confident show based on Slimane’s own personal diary or ‘polaroids’ of British youth – not so much the punk or the rebellious ones of past decades that no longer existed but the more college-bound or postgraduates who have just entered the workforce and are beginning to craft their own lives.  This evolution was already apparent in the coed show, more importantly, the clothes shown were so full of friendly retail merchandises that would move swiftly for a very different segment of the male consumer.  The hard-partying boys of late night underground clubs surrendered to the cosmopolitan guys in a changing phase of life.  The neon lights turned red than flashing white as a giant circular sculpture hung at the end of the runway; moving slowly back to the other end as the first model exited wearing a loose fit double-breasted suit with pleated baggy pants cut to above the ankle to signal the era of the black fitted suit had indeed passed.  This was followed by a black and white Prince of Wales single-breasted jacket, also cut generously loose paired with a white shirt, black tie, straight leg pants and a cashmere camel coat that had none of the air of the past.  In the air was a mood of Bryan Ferry rather than someone like Sid Vicious. The new line up was fronted by members of the bands Drug Store Romeos, Lady Bird and Ugly. Models continued with a gray suit and ties under a six button cashmere coat; black suit with a striped tie and a  three button wool black and white tweed coat cut precisely to  hit just at the model’s knees.  The gamut of menswear staples were all present from leather bikers and checker sweaters, metal trims motor cross jackets and black jeans. A black leather trench, wool duffle and sheepskin coats, wool cardigans, and couture-level evening embroidered jackets – all displayed to the original music ‘Philosopher’s Calling’ composed, performed, and remixed by Crack Cloud.  Those who had wanted a sweeping change would surely be disappointed. For those who think of London youth as a torch carrier for streetwear styles would also not found their flavors here.  Fashion changed so slowly and like a Lego sculpture set, one piece built upon another like a construction of a high rise tower – you can’t expect a designer to create a new world view without any emotional attachment. Regardless, there is sincerity and consistency in what Slimane does – you can’t fault any designer for sticking to their point of view - and within the course of six months, he has created a new and already recognizable identity for CELINE that even the general public can’t escape – witness the ubiquity of the outdoor communication campaign on bus stops and billboards in major cities.  And when the guests exited into Place de la Concorde darkened by the total eclipse of the moon, echoes of the sharp saxophone performance by the legendary James Chance still rang in our ears. Photos courtesy of CELINE Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Dior Men Fall/Winter 2019  Dior Men Fall/Winter 2019  Dior Men Fall/Winter 2019  Dior Men Fall/Winter 2019  Dior Men Fall/Winter 2019  Dior Men Fall/Winter 2019  Dior Men Fall/Winter 2019 Fashion is about change. Now on his third collection after a pre-fall outing in Tokyo last November, Kim Jones has surely produced a route to transform what men’s fashion at Dior should encompass. By bringing forth the requisite ingredients, he first created a new vocabulary exploring the depths of the house heritage and DNA in women’s haute couture. In doing so, a new seed and direction for the men’s collection was created. Rather than having models walk a usual runway, the show featured a mechanical airport size conveyor belt that transported the static models, standing still from one end of the tent to the other. But many aspects of technology, such as new fabrics, permeated the collection. Opening with a black double-breasted suit consisting of an armor vest embroidered with the artwork by Raymond Pettibon. Pettibon is an American artist who created drawings of protest posters and artwork for punk bands from SST Records starting in the early 80’s. Others similar to this embroidered armor vest appeared throughout the show worn as breastplates, over coats and jackets.  The jacket containing diagonal, side buttoning from spring season’s reworking of the Tailleur Oblique shape from the haute couture 1950 line, was updated. This time into looser fit knee length coats and jackets. These coats and jackets contained large silk sashes loping through the front side to the back side displaying the Oblique construction of asymmetry by sharpening the different lines and cuts of the jacket. A long silk scarf is attached to the inside of the wool coat and crosses the front of the body diagonally, wrapped around the waist and tucked into a ready-made belt loop. The sash can also be used like a regular scarf around the neck. Requiring over 1,800 hours of handiwork, one of the final pieces was topped with a fully Pettibon drawing, rendered with a fully embroidered face and words. There was less emphasis on sportswear except for perhaps the reversible nylon, leather coat and hints of street wear, which were kept to a minimal. The black velvet logo tee-shirt was one of the few ‘street’ items that will be a hit item for sure in the stores. The show focused on a new construction of quality, like a black astrakhan coat. Partly embroidered by gold yellow thread that rendered the black fur imperceptible and transformed the astrakhan into a sort of animal print pattern when looked at from afar. No sneakers were shown, but plenty were available in the showroom. In fact, an entire wall was devoted to the variety of sneakers for fall, so sneakerheads don’t panic.   Now with the haute couture influence on a clear path, this show was more cohesive than the spring 2019 debut show. Jones has surely engaged with his findings in the archives and in the work with the atelier to perform feats of inventive techniques that would rival the womenswear counterpart.   The injection of Dior’s women couture heritage for this fall season felt seamless and less of an imposition. Having conceived a new language as a base that can propel Dior Men forward, Jones should now look outside into the world by not relying solely on the house’s heritage and its confines in the great craftsmanship to create and foster a real fashion discourse, but to absorb and cherish a new fashion tongue. Photos courtesy of Dior  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   COMME DES GARÇONS HOMME PLUS  Comme des Garçons Homme Plus F/W 2019 Comme des Garçons Homme Plus F/W 2019 Comme des Garçons Homme Plus F/W 2019 Exposed wiring in the midst of a renovation provided an extra ambiance for Comme des Garçons Homme Plus, an extravagant take on what could easily and mistakenly be ascribed as punk. The show included a model with blond hair wearing a black smoking jacket, sheen knee-length dress, fishnet stockings, metal spikes leather combat boots and large gold cross earrings that strike an uncanny resemblance to the rocker Billy Idol filming on the video set of ‘White Wedding.’ Indeed, when the music from a live performance of the band VOWWS started the show, the banging drum beats caused some of the ceiling dust to fall on the models as they proceeded in their fast-paced strolling wearing garments made up of a hybrid of fabrics like wool, brocades, and jacquards cut into jackets and coats. A fusion of coat and tailcoat, both long and short versions, fully accessorized with plastic and metal harness vest-necklaces and a black and white print suit with short pants under a black wool sleeveless jacket made an appearance. “Finding beauty through darkness” was Rei Kawakubi’s actual intention communicated via email post-show. While goth and punk were fertile territories for the designer who had previously paid homage to that era of rebellion and of anti-establishment free thinking, this show felt something else despite the heavy black makeup, the tights, and the music - perhaps it was a commentary on the current global gloominess and the possibility of finding the light and a way out.  Take away the decorative elements staged for the show specifically – all the accouterments meant to convey the message of beauty and light coming out of darkness: the hot shorts, the dark makeup, the fishnets – and what remained, for example, was a fine tailored single breasted wool coat as well as a wool coat fused with a half of a jacquard jacket. The ingenuity is to convey both message and merchandise and here each look achieves its dual purpose.   BERLUTI  Berluti F/W 2019 Berluti F/W 2019 Berluti F/W 2019 At the opulent and decorative Opéra Garnier, giant crystal chandeliers hung from painted ceilings. Since his appointment as creative director, Kris Van Assche debuted his first show, Berluti, early last year, following a short tenure by Haider Ackermann. Berluti is a 120-year-old house specialized in handicraft footwear such as dress shoes and boots in particular. It has no real tradition of ready to wear despite having men’s collections shown in the past eight years with two different creative directors. Van Assche took advantage of this void and in this fine show attempted to create his own mold to take Berluti forward. With a message of fine tailoring and a diverse cast of silhouettes of suits and coats, a lesson well learnt from his 11 years at Dior Homme and its ateliers. Mixed with sporty elements like patchwork leather motocross pants paired with a traditional coat or a well-cut jacket to be more in tune with current and target consumer.   In the opening look of a brown, leather, single breasted suit, Van Assche paid homage to Berluti’s signature golden patinate from the first ‘Alessandro’ model in 1895. It had been treated, dyed, and colored with a special technique to achieve the seamless light and dark mixture used for dress shoes. The base silhouette was a slouchier feel rather than rigid tailored slim cuts. Like a red, wool, double breasted suit with a jacket that was slightly loose at the waist. Or a deep purple coat paired with a brown leather hoodie and brown pants. The well-known colors of the Berluti shoes were reflected in the bright red jacket, the mustard cashmere coat, the fuchsia double-breasted trench, and the shiny gray suit. The shoes were a new version of the classic Alessandro and the Andy, all cut from a single piece of leather.   In future seasons, Van Assche will need to inject a little bit of emotion as this show. Despite its flawless display of crafts felt a bit academic and less as a way to connect to the audience on a different level. Fashion is more of a feeling and less intellectual.  JIL SANDER   Jil Sander F/W 2019 Jil Sander F/W 2019 Lucie and Luke Meier achieved a double purpose with their first showing in Paris – creating a modern and functional tailored silhouette while also fostering a return to the house’s deep-rooted role in fabric innovation from the late 90’s. There was internal shoulder straps rooted in military wares and feather weight calfskin shirts and cotton coated coats. The husband and wife team focused on the art of layering; coats on top jackets, shirts, and knits. By showcasing how nonchalant well craft can be without the stiffness often associated with structure garments suggested an answer on how to wear tailoring today.  The opening sequences of blues and charcoal greys set the tone for the show that alternated between a more formal coat-on-coat to a laissez faire attitude, seen through a white shirt collar peeking out from under a wool outfit in charcoal. All traditions, especially those rooted in fashion, require constant evolution. The Meiers understood that traditional tailoring can also be molded to make clothes relevant for now. BALMAIN   Balmain F/W 2019 Balmain F/W 2019 Balmain F/W 2019 Balmain F/W 2019 Balmain F/W 2019 Balmain F/W 2019 The hallmark of a good designer is to know how to move on once a signature look has been firmly established and evolve and push the work and thinking forward – that by no means is a denial of the past. The flashy 80’s aesthetic is now a signature territory for Balmain men’s collection with prominently broad shoulder silhouettes, embroidered at times in their entirety by the house atelier craftsmanship. At the vast Tennis Club on the outskirts of Paris, next door to the Parc des Prince, the home of Paris Saint-Germain team, the floor was covered with reflective metallic carpeting, perhaps giving an allusion that the collection to be shown would be gilded and more on line with what the designer Olivier Rousteing had shown in his previous men’s standalone platform since the first Spring 2016 show. At Balmain, less decoration isn’t exactly less emphasis on bringing forth the inventiveness of the house’s atelier but just a shift in focus away from the limelight on the surface. If the Balmain man is one who sought to discover the world to find new things and experiences, then this man can really appreciate finding new routes for his adventures. In total monochromatic black and white, the superb show with such a large display of merchandises retained much of the signature silhouette – broad shoulder cropped jackets, slouchy pants, bikers, and even smoking jackets. This time, tailoring took center stage where the hidden art of craft was often not as obvious as crystal embroideries – tweed jackets trimmed with chains, white feather treatments or hybrids of tweed and leather. But a series of sporty looks like black smoking track pants with a striped sweater, a black torn fishnet tank over white jeans, or a white print sweatshirt and black and white flight jacket broke the couture-focused half segment of the show. There were a lot of new tote bags – the carry all around kind in leather. In the age of gender fluidity, some of the clothes on both male and female models were very similar to each other and, at times, it was nearly impossible to discern which ones belonged to which gender. Can you tell if the model wearing a white hooded cross button sweatshirt, a black single breasted jacket, black pants, and black sunglasses was male or female at first sight?   Phrases like ‘Your comments I don’t mind,’ ‘You only know my name, not my story,’ ‘I am under no obligation to reply,’ and ‘Don’t put your blame on me’ were splashed on the concrete wall at the entrance to the show venue by a car with a projection machine and were also inscribed on cotton hoodies, leather bikers, and on shirts. In hindsight, it was a reflection on the state of the internet as a few of the models toward the end of the show wore iPhones inside a black leather case on the neck, facing out to the crowd, recording their movements as they walked around the tennis club. “They are messages that pushes back against the bots, greed and mean-spirited trolling that have dimmed the hope we once shared for a liberating digital age of free, honest and respectful communication,” the designer said in a note against the type of internet bullying that is taking place now.    Rousteing has always been at the forefront of incorporating and adapting new technology to foster a community as he has done with creating the specialized fan club – the Balmain Army. As Rousteing raised attention against the aggressiveness in the digital age through his messages sown and printed on his clothes, the company will launch the Balmain App shortly, allowing for greater access in regard to commerce, communication, and community.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   VETEMENTS Vetements F/W 2019 Vetements F/W 2019 Vetements F/W 2019 Vetements F/W 2019 Vetements F/W 2019 I think what Vetements has tried to do since its birth is get a new generation to start thinking differently about fashion, about consumption, about social interactions, and about emotional bonds to clothes. The collective brand always wanted its consumers to think about their relationships to clothes and how they – the collective – can instigate new ways forward. What has been missing in the last decade or so is the complete absence of true conceptual fashion, the kind of cerebral discourse that arises from the clothes and the ambience that a thinker like the designer Martin Margiela created throughout his two decades in the business. That said, Vetements, since its inception in early 2014, has filled this void by questioning the fashion system, by altering what is considered as fashion, and by offering a sort of fashion communion for younger people who can easily identify with the brand’s attitude and products. On the black turtleneck of the opening look, the white words printed on the front read as – ‘Warning: What you are about the see will disturb you.’  Among the sleuth of taxidermy giraffes, rhinoceroses, elephants, water buffalos and zebras that populated the main hall of the Museum national d’Histoire naturelle, there was surely a dark element to the show that had models wearing total black face masks and other face coverings along with their square and raised shoulder puffer coats, print sweats, tee-shirts with large slogan lettering that read ‘I have Swine Flu’ or ‘Made in Europe,’ XXL plaid shirts, and even backpacks – the new accessory here – of which animal shapes, furs, and monsters hung from. Several of the models’ heads were completely covered with cloth draped over their faces – the cloth in unison with sweatshirt – and you could see from the dim light projected by their lit phones thatthey were actively surfing the net as they walked around the group of animals in the center of the museum main hall: a grouping the design team termed as ‘anti-social.’ There was something sinister about the fast-paced show seen by their hurried steps as the models could not have been bothered with showing what they were wearing. But as the younger generation is now more than ever active on changing the social and political balance and take greater control over how they live their lives – witness the uprising after the Florida high school shooting as a prime but trite example.   Faded jeans, turtlenecks, loose black cotton pants, black loose jackets, large white cotton hoodie with elephant print, cargo pants, shredded jeans, print hoodies, large white tee with Interpol print, khaki jackets, and khaki shorts – these are the basic Vetements staples that are given a new lease with a new message that can coalesce the youth around the products. What Vetements really achieves is fomenting a community of like-minded people who can identify with its ethos and products and who truly see and feel themselves with this brand.  RICK OWENS Rick Owens Men F/W 2019 Rick Owens Men F/W 2019 Rick Owens Men F/W 2019 Rick Owens Men F/W 2019 Rick Owens Men F/W 2019 Rick Owens Men F/W 2019 If this is even possible to mention, Rick Owens’ fall 2019 show was at the usual Palais de Tokyo, but inside the venue this time was one of the most commercial Owens collections I have witnessed in at least five or six years at the very least. Although many of the garments were much more commercial, every look shown retained the essential and powerful characteristics of the brand that have achieved that zeitgeist of being easily identifiable as signatures specific to the house - namely innovative fabrics, unfettered silhouettes and bizarre and, at times, contorted shapes.   Rick Owens will soon add a new title as author alongside fashion designer when his book on Larry Legapsi is released next October,  Legapsi was the designer responsible for the rock and roll looks of musicians like the glam style of the band KISS since the 70’s and the futuristic sci-fi looks of the girls group Labelle. Yet the glam rock inspiration was felt softly in the collection with the KISS white painted faces on the models. The discernible lightning bolt shape appeared on several of the nylon vests worn with either partially bleached fuchsia denim creased and very wide leg pants or, in some cases, tighter black pants.  Sharp and wide shoulder jackets and blazers were the master but subtle tailoring elements were strongly present in this collection along with the precise cut of the shape on the wide leg pants. Long, round shoulder coats, some with contrasting pockets in black and red leathers or white cotton, came in shades of orange, charcoal and black. The high heel platform shoes came closest to the actual memory of the glam rock years gleaned from old on-stage photographs of Gene Simmons and added an element of transgression that the designer said had inspired him in his childhood to break barriers.   The strength of the show proved to be the outerwear, specifically the leathers and shearlings. Owens has an unrivaled talent and a magical touch employing his cutting and draping techniques to all kinds of leathers in his work over the years. In fact, for many seasons the invites to his shows were embossed letterings on different types of hard and thick leathers. A faded orange shearling collarless side zippered cropped coat with dramatic long sleeves, a long collarless A-line flare reverse grey shearling coat and a reverse Mongolian lamb crop coat with part leather sleeve and trims functioned as prime examples of Owens expert hand.    DRIES VAN NOTEN Dries Van Noten Men F/W 2019 Dries Van Noten Men F/W 2019 Dries Van Noten Men F/W 2019 Dries Van Noten Men F/W 2019 Dries Van Noten Men F/W 2019 As the models walked along the side of the rectangular Salle Marcel Cerdan in Bercy under a bright white light that focused their steps, the feeling was a complete erasure of the sportswear and particularly the street wear elements infecting designer and luxury fashion houses over the past several years as desperate attempts at reaching the new generation by offering them, well, what they already have but with a stamp of a heritage label. ‘A view on tailoring for the new generation and a step back from nonchalance and sportswear’ was the prevailing trajectory as a model opened the show with simply a white shirt, a black tie, charcoal wool trousers and black leather dress shoes – a sort of palette cleanser to prepare for what’s next. Dries Van Noten has never been much of a designer chasing trends. And what’s next were different moments from a long lesson in tailoring - a lean four button, double breasted, black wool suit paired with cigarette pants worn shirtless; then a tie-dyed black and white single breasted  suit and a large black wool scarf; a series of black and charcoal coats with loose fit wool pants would be followed by jackets, coats and pants  in a more relaxed fit. This allowed for the garments to move just as the models walked by to demonstrate their comfort element. The dominant suit shape had a narrow waist, sharp shoulder and wide leg pant. Crisp and sharp outerwear like wool belted pea coats, knee length black coats, trench coats or tie-dyed long coats accompanied the loose pants. A camel cashmere  fitted coat paired with a brown leather pants and a vest looked effortlessly elegant. There sure is a deliberate decision by the new company owner, Puig, as the designer sold a majority of his company last June to focus on accessories and expand the business. Thus, many of the models carried an assortment of bags for practically all occasions – totes, weekenders, small business cases, or man purses. Oh, yes and off course the new eyewear.  YOHJI YAMAMOTO Yohji Yamamoto Men F/W 2019 Yohji Yamamoto Men F/W 2019 Yohji Yamamoto Men F/W 2019 Yohji Yamamoto Men F/W 2019 Yohji Yamamoto Men F/W 2019 Yohji Yamamoto Men F/W 2019 The clue to the Yohji Yamamoto show came about midway when each of the models formed a  procession one after another wearing military inspired uniforms, many altered with very large gold buttoning in an asymmetrical lineup along the lapel to the shoulder line or with an uneven matchup of buttons to buttonholes as the song ‘Amazing Grace’ played over the loudspeakers, with the music providing a martial and formal feel. It was like seeing something that is associated with order and structure succumb to the process of coming undone. Is that a reflection of current social political situations in the U.S. or perhaps the rising fascism and nativism in Western Europe? Mussolini is in vogue again in Italy and sentiments for Francisco Franco are on the uptrend in Spain with uproars about the Socialist government plans to move his tomb to a Madrid cathedral from a monument the dictator built practically for himself.  All in deep navy blue wool and felt wool represented an essence of Yamamoto’s work where the designer crafted complicated and structured clothes out of simple fabrics where in his hands they were draped, cut and experimented in the old ways using traditional clothes making techniques. Sumptuous coats, Yohji’s signature, came in double breasted with white threads hanging from aside as if forcefully torn or worn out with frequent usage, while certain coats had gold coins and buttons in shapes of lions and eagles attached. Others had subtle prints embedded on the surface of the wool fabric. The jacket silhouette tended to be on the longer side while long pants were tucked into high black leather boots. And those white threads hanging loose seemed at times to be floating in the air providing a sense of poetry since they nearly composed an image or some letterings but never finished to the point of discerning whether they might construct a picture or a series of words. Casablanca Casablanca F/W 2019 A new line from Charaf Tajer debuted its runway show at the river front Bismarck center to a highly aroused crowd of urban fans unlike at any other shows so far in Paris that was to become North Africa’s first luxury clothing brand. Like the name of the brand, the collection featured an array of print clouds with stars and ancient columns or crustacean shirts worn with denim, wool pants or terry track pants, double breasted dark tan and dark navy suits, black sweaters with orange prints, fancy print knits over patchwork jeans or light pink fruit crew neck sweaters over black slim pants. All the colors and prints made for a cheerful fall-winter collection full of bright summer beach vibes and youthful charisma and charm, anchoring a good base for a start. If the diverse crowd applause was any indication, Casablanca will surely have a firm footing in the coming seasons.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Perverze is the burgeoning Tokyo-based, avant-garde street label taking off in global proportions. The brand is comprised of an on-going collaboration between creative visionaries in Japan, and founded on the retro styles of the 80s and 90s counterculture. Despite the decline of fashion retailers in recent years, Perverze is one of Japan's fastest-growing fashion startups. From shredded knits to tailored coats and bucket hats, the brand champions it's vintage aesthetic with modern functionality.  With recent media frenzy, Perverze has teamed up with Assembly NY to launch it's official U.S. presence. Starting November 15th, the Fall/Winter 2019 collection will be on display in New York's Lower East Side for a month-long showcase. Although this pop-up will be brief, Perverze has no plans to slow down any time soon. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On a mid-fall afternoon, Graham Tyler and I sat down at the High Line Hotel. Surrounded by its collegiate gothic-style architecture and mid-19th-century mementos, we reflect on the time ambiguousness of it— much like his work. Once a student of sculpture and millinery, Tyler found his craft somewhere between bespoke and ready-to-wear, although, he’s not the typical trend-leaning, Instagram-hype designer we’ve become accustomed to. Rather, he’s more introspective, and frankly, unparalleled in his skill. Blending Renaissance, Edwardian, and Victorian silhouettes, Graham modernizes each garment reference through a contemporary lens. In conversation, we spoke of his interests, inspirations, and career from past to present.  How did you decide to study sculpture at Cleveland Institute of Art, and how did that lead you to your millinery apprenticeship with Marta Glazen? I started with painting, and my work was about the body. When it came to actually choosing my major, I ended up going with sculpture because I was more interested in tactile 3d works at the time. And again, I was making a lot of things about the body. From there, I realized I really wanted to learn a craft and wanted to have a skill— a real solid craft skill set. I was looking around at what would be of interest to me, and then I became kind of obsessive about really fascinating textiles. So just in happenstance, I found a woman in Cleveland that was taking an apprentice. Her name was Marta, and she took me in very kindly, and it was very intense; it was about two years with her. Two years, for five, maybe six days a week. I learned a lot from her. She's worked with everybody, and she was wonderful.  How did you decide to switch from sculpture to hats to ready to wear? I was making headwear for a lot of different people in New York, from stylists to runway to a lot of nightlife personalities. People would constantly ask me, "Can you make a garment to go with the hats that your making?" So I thought that I probably should learn how to make clothes. I was making a lot of clothing and headwear. Then, some of the designers that I was working with for their own lines  said, "Just start your own thing."  You went on to make custom headwear for Lady Gaga, Barneys NY, Adam Selman, and Polo Ralph Lauren, to name a few. What were those experiences like? Ralph Lauren for Polo was a full-time day job, and I was doing headwear. That was a really great experience of learning the ins and outs of a brand and how a brand functions at that scale. It's especially nice to work at a brand with such a specific aesthetic. When it comes to celebrities, I work with a few different stylists and such. I largely work with Zaldy, who is a big costume designer. He used to be the designer for LAMB for Gwen Stefani. I worked with him, and it's a really great relationship because he can transfer the information and the aesthetic that they're looking for quite easily. Celebrity work can be tricky because we both come to the table with totally different aesthetics. So I try to translate their thoughts and their words through my hand, which can be kind of a tedious process. It's a lot of give and take on that, but in the end, it's fun. Speaking of costume design— have you ever considered crossing over into that category? I mean, I now understand why Christian Lacroix decided to be a costume designer. Because there's a lot more freedom in that— I don't think I would, because I don't feel that my clothes and the topics that I'm discussing in my work translate well on stage, so I probably would never become a costume designer. None of my clothes have any historical accuracy. I'm usually re-cutting a historical garment into something totally different, or I cut a jacket as a shirt, and I cut a corset as a jacket. I kind of am shifting and re-translating and re-curating things. Your silhouettes are a modern and original take on historical fashion with an emphasis on curved seams, leg of mutton sleeves, corsets, suit vests, and so on. What era's in fashion do you find most influential to you? And do you see a resurgence in antiquated-style clothing? I think the world is consistently reflexive. I think that that is relevant to me. I do see a resurgence in— at least currently, there's a lot of Victorian and Edwardian references transpiring. Especially with puffed sleeves, these are quite popular at the moment. The most recent collection was largely about Mary Shelley and her husband and the Pforzheimer collection at the New York Public Library, which focuses on 1819 to 1845. I mainly stuck to that time period as to the corsets, jackets, and shirts that I was cutting— I was referencing those styles. My work blends Renaissance, Edwardian, Victorian, and some extremely contemporary styles of cutting so that things never feel historical, and they never feel contemporary. They always feel like this very time ambiguous work, which I think is a new way of making clothes — to be very time ambiguous about the way that you're working. Overarchingly, people describe my work as being very Amish. I definitely take that as a compliment, just because I think I cut very graphic shapes, but with very tactile textiles and very hand ROT textiles- and that's kind of an Amish practice. The wonderful thing about Amish is that they look the same today as they did, and they do still.  Speaking of your SS20 collection, "The Origin of Failure," what's the meaning behind this title? It's a long, drawn-out situation. Though the collection was about the Pforzheimer collection and Mary Shelley and her husband, it also was in tandem with trying to figure out what contemporarily is a Romantics approach to making things. I was really inspired by glitch art — also, the act of being romantic about pixelated data. A lot of the prints were all glitched out. I was glitching the images with the love letters. I was typing the love letters into the code of the photos and glitching them through that by putting too much data into the back end. So the long drawn out part of it is that there's only one real piece of critical academic writing about the glitch art that's called The Aesthetics of Post-Digital Objects, I believe. It refers to a glitch as the origin of failure. I was really fascinated by that term. Also, it's terminology as linked to Mary Shelley's obsession with failure in her book and most of her literature, but especially in Frankenstein. What were some of your other points of inspiration for the collection?  I was looking at one specific love letter, which is dated August 23rd — my birthday, that Mary Shelley's husband sent to her. Then when he passed away, she rewrote it, and the rewritten version is at the library. That was the main graphic, and then I referenced for the styles that I was cutting a few original Parisian fashion magazines from the early 1800s, these little women's books. Then a diary-slash-entertainment book that a woman named Anne Wagner kept, and I created a dress using her entire book that I reprint. That dress now will be in the permanent collection of the Phorzheimer. They have bought it, and it'll be the only piece of contemporary clothing that exists in their archive, which is really wonderful. Those are the main things that I was focusing on visually.  Do you have a favorite piece from this collection? The jacquard triptych. The three-piece suit that had their love letters and embroidered into it was my favorite look. That garment is made with this new technology that I'm working on with a computer weaving company in California to be able to create jacquard garments with no wastage. That's how the Mary Shelley corset was also created. They normally create a lot of wastage to make that work.  Art plays an innate influence in your work. Do you prefer antiquity or modern art? It's a big mix in between. I don't think there's an art style that I don't like for the most part, but I'm not a big Surrealist fan. There are a few artists that I'm always thinking about, but I only look at historical art when it's when it pertains to a specific topic. I know the Smithsonian Institution in DC was an important gallery to you growing up. What's your favorite museum today? As a child, we went to that museum almost every summer in DC. There's a Vermeer room that was important to me, and the room about Alexander Calder in the Modern was significant for me as a kid. The feeling of uncanniness inspired me in his work. I recently went to the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum. That was probably the most fantastic art experience I've had because it's really beautiful to experience art of that nature and of that caliber on non-white institutional walls. What are some of your favorite art movements and painters? My favorite artist is Joseph Cornell, who created these incredible little boxes filled with objects. He dealt with melancholy, nostalgia, and love in the same way that I do. I have a soft spot for miniatures and small works of art. I am more inspired by the underpaintings of paintings than I am of the paintings themselves. The color palettes from my work are based on Versailles' underpaintings, which are black and white paintings that they do before they do the painting on top. Any of the artists in the Baroque time period did that a lot. I look at Baroque paintings and Baroque unfinished works of art quite often. I also look at Jasper Johns work a lot. Currently, there's an artist Jefferson Hayman. He's a photographer, and he does these really beautiful little photographs that are my current obsession. Your last two collections have focused on the use of muted colors. Why are you more drawn to grays and blacks, and do you plan on reintroducing color in future collections? I'm partially color blind, and managing all of those colors was very hard for me. I realized I was in a very different place at that point in time. The short answer is no; I won't be going back to color. I consider those first two collections iterations of me attempting to figure out what I wanted to make. Then the most recent collections are me telling the world what I am making and what I am planning to continue to make. Gray, black and white will always be the base, and I will softly incorporate beiges and taupes and rusts, and some kind of soft lilacs. Everything else will stay rooted in those colors. I also like that you could, in theory, take any piece from those collections and moving forward be able to put them together because colors will always match up. I think that's important for the people who look at the clothes and also wear them. How do you achieve your impeccable tailoring? What's your trial and error process like while developing silhouettes each collection? My suits are sewn by hand. They are quite meticulously sewn, and I make all of the patterns and samples.  I keep everything really structured, largely just because I'm drawn to those really aesthetic lines. It was more so a very long learning curve to have to teach myself how to sew a suit like that. I was looking at a lot of old designer suits who made stunning haute couture suits. That's where I learned how to make the ones that I make now. So what's next?  I'm launching e-commerce in the next month or so with some of our core styles and shapes. I am really focusing on the dress shirts. That's kind of everyone's favorite item from us. I'm currently in the Elaine Gold Launch Pad program, so lots of things to come through the CFDA and the EGLP. Then I am already starting the textile development process. The process is very long, and we create entirely new textiles every season, almost every textile is exclusive to the brand. I'm in the process of ideation and also agreements between what collection I'm going to be allowed to use next. There's a lot of logistical things with these collections, so I'm working on what collection I'll be using next. Clothing: Graham Tyler ‘The Origin of Failure’ Produced and Directed by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: Jack Belli Styled by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Mia Varrone Model: Inga Dezhina at Supreme Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Veronica Vilim, Luka Sabbat. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Frida Aasen, Laquan Smith, Daniela Braga, Robin Holzken. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Lion Babe. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Beau Jangless. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  LaQuan Smith. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Aamito Lagum. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA Photo by Avi Gill Last Thursday, New York designer LaQuan Smith and cherub denim brand, Jordache, celebrated its capsule collection at Cipriani's private club, Socialista. Elsa Hosk, Luka Sabbat, Danielle Herrington, and Elisa Johnson, to name a few, sported their Jordache x LaQuan Smith looks as they wined, dined, and grooved to an impromptu performance by Lion Babe. The collaboration, displayed in Smith's Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, is inspired by the NYC nightlife, offering a fresh and reinterpreted version of Jordache's playful denim silhouettes. To view the full collection debuted in LaQuan Smith SS20 click here. Photo by Avi Gill Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Kelcie Schofield is the founder and designer of the contemporary clothing label, CIE Denim. Conceived in 2018, Kelcie fills a gap in her industry by reusing and reworking pre-existing denim as well as solidifying a new and less toxic manufacturing process. Whether it’s restructured silhouettes, deadstock materials, or Naveena Mills’ cutting edge Horizon fabric, CIE represents the future of manufactured denim in our increasingly destructive global climate.  In addition to responsible garments, Kelcie melds this effort with creative design applications— each piece one of a kind. With flipped pockets on the ankle hem, an upside-down jean fit, and color-blocked seams, each design reflects a unique twist on traditional denim norms. Post Spring/ Summer 2020 presentation, Flaunt spoke with Schofield to discuss the past, present, and future of CIE Denim. Tell us about the inception of CIE. CIE was started from our two core silhouettes - our upside-down jeans and shorts. I wanted to create an item that made heads turn (literally) but could also be worn day to day. How do you aim to be a new and unique voice in the industry of denim? Every piece we come out with should have something that gives it an extra spark. We’re here to make unique investment pieces that you feel good about buying.  How do you view sustainability as an essential component of the current fashion climate? That’s exactly how I view it - an essential component. Sustainability, for me, is a non-negotiable for any new business to find success in the current climate. Since I launched CIE in 2018, there has been a noticeable change in the industry and how customers view their clothing.  What are your efforts in regards to sustainability? Explain your “slow-fashion” philosophy. I have two sustainable mediums I work with right now. The first and the essence of what built CIE is reworked vintage. Even for our knits, we reworked Hanes T-shirts. Using fully recycled materials creates an exciting challenge for each style that I enjoy working through. For the sustainably manufactured denim that we source through Naveena Mills, we do fully “new” jeans made entirely from the Naveena fabric as well as combining the new fabric with vintage materials.  How do you believe denim will evolve in years to come? I think sustainability will continue to be a driving force in the denim industry. My hope is that companies established and emerging will embrace responsible practices. It’s slowly transitioning, but it’s not quite there yet.  What’s next for CIE? More learning and growing! We plan to push the brand into unexplored territories, whether it’s new materials or new silhouettes.  Clothing: CIE Denim SS20 Photography by: Phoenix Johnson Model: Lyn Hersh Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli. Creative director Wil Beedle hosted an event in honor of AllSaints 25th anniversary.  Accompanied by musical guests such as Flaunt Fave Arsun Sorrenti, the night was a classic celebration at Chateau Marmont’s bungalow 1. Hoards of the coolest kids hung out chain smoking by the pool while a DJ set by Hateboy got the rocking crowd weirding out to some house tracks. The influence soaked crowd included Ariel Beesley, Bec Adams, Ally HilFiger, Amanda Steele, Eddie Mitsou, Gavin Turek, Finneas, Kate Parfet, Kilo Kish, Marta Pozzan, Rainsford, Salem Mitchell, Sara Cummings Zach VIlla, and a host of other Beauts. Photographed by David Vassalli. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The contemporary retail concept, Maiden Name, is the brainchild of Alix Freireich, and David Lê. While the founders met at Vassar College, they reunited to bridge a gap in the interconnected realm of e-commerce. With assistance from Jesse Hudnutt and Susan Lee, the four embark on a journey to reconnect the roots which link fashion and fine art.  Following a seasonal calendar, Maiden Name will organize its collections as an online, and interdisciplinary group show; showcasing exclusive artist collaborations alongside in-house women’s apparel. Like a chest full of curated gold, Maiden Name may hold the key to your future treasures.  In a recent conversation, Flaunt spoke with the founders to discuss the start of this forward-thinking, art formed, and eco-minded community. Tell us about the genesis of your retail concept, Maiden Name. Maiden Name really emerged out of our own sense that we didn't have a place where we loved to shop. It also came out of an acknowledgment that we spend a lot of time shopping and consuming media online, and those activities all seem to take place in the same dead, zombified e-comm context. So when we found ourselves with an opportunity to share work we love, made by people we love, alongside the apparel we make, it felt like there was an opening to use e-comm differently. We call ourselves "Maiden Name" because we want to highlight the people and stories (the "maiden names") that usually get erased when things enter the public sphere. And we wanted to keep this feminist gesture, insisting on a kind of independence, even as we credited those that came before us. Tihngs by Eric Oglander Photo by David Behl What are your thoughts on the link between fine art and fashion? We think about this a lot, in part because we need to protect the fine artists we work with, and an association with fashion can make their work seem trivial. That's just a fact, even though, by and large, we think it's bunk. We think of artist/designers like Sonia Delaunay, or photographers like Grete Stern and Ilse Bing, who all straddled the worlds of art and fashion and did great work (a full century before Sterling Ruby and Cindy Sherman!). That's why we highlight them on our Instagram @maiden.name.store. But we do recognize the need to let art and fashion excel on their own terms. We want to produce fashion that's technically perfect, that's beautiful. Our objects are freer, in some ways, to be about other things––they can be "about" history; they can be weird, or conceptual. What unifies everything is our sense of our customer's needs––they want beautiful, thoughtful, well-made clothes, and they want to collect beautiful, thoughtful, and well-made objects. What influenced the first womenswear collection? The collection draws on Alix's archival research, so it brings together 19th-century reference pieces and touches of the 1970s, modernized and rendered in high-quality materials. The Zoe Shirt, for example, is modeled on an Edwardian grandfather shirt that was still in great condition because it was made in silk. Ours is silk too, and we hope it also lasts a century. We describe the core concept as "70s Renaissance Fair," which sounds odd, but the end products are all meant to be totally wearable and versatile. We want them to be sexy and smart. And it felt like that was missing from what's out there now.   How does sustainability play a part in your collections? Sustainability is core to what we're trying to achieve. We make everything here in NYC, so it's a local supply chain. We use deadstock material, and because our production runs are so small, the wastage is minimal. More broadly, we need to slow consumption down (which is an odd thing for a fashion company to acknowledge). But we want customers to buy less and buy better. Our next step is to scale up in ways that will allow us to ensure sustainability from raw materials to end product. That's a challenge, particularly when you're small. You feature collaborative work with Paul Arnhold’s hand-blown glass and Eric Oglander’s collection of 19th and 20th-century folk art. What prompted the choice of these artists for your first collection?  Paul is a dear friend making very beautiful work here in Brooklyn. That was a no-brainer. We found Eric through his "Craigslist Mirrors" project (@craigslist_mirrors) his Instagram-based collection of images, sourced from Craigslist, of mirrors for sale. We thought that was brilliant. And his Tihngs project is too. Both Eric and Paul have such distinct points of view (and are making work that is almost diametrically opposed, formally). So they seemed like great partners to open the collection with. Indigo Vase by Paul Arnhold Photo by David Behl What are your favorite pieces from your inaugural collection? We love the Tamara Top. It almost verges into historical costume, but doesn't, and ends up being so cool. We also love the Tramp Box, which is sculptural, and modern, and old at the same time, and the Graffiti Vase, which is kind of a twisted take on Paul's other work. And we love the framed set of Leung Kui Ting prints––they look simple, but the more time you spend with them, the more you like them. That's always the real test when you collect.  How do you envision the growth of Maiden Name? I think first and foremost we want Maiden Name to build out the line beyond shirting. We also want to have more of a physical presence. It's hard to communicate something like the perfect fit, or the beauty of hand painting without having people see things in the real world. At the same time, we want to expand our digital presence and knit together a community, folding in our friends in Berlin (at the end of 2019) and then with more cities in 2020. Photography by: Matt Grubb Styling by: Gabriel Held Model: Fiffany Luu Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   While the fashion industry is backed by an insatiable appetite for the new, we find ourselves in a current climate of trying to stay well-fed, while simultaneously reminding ourselves the importance of sustainability. These three young designers have found a way to bring forth something innovative, while also holding themselves accountable. We have Bethany Williams, conceptualizing clothing with a focus on social issues, Christopher John Rogers, designing for those influencing radical change, and Emily Adams Bode, sourcing from the past to create something for the now. Interviewed by Mui-Hai Chu Photo courtesy Bethany Williams What drew to design? My love for fabric construction, and how design can be used to find solutions. I read your mom help knit and create pieces for you. Was she ever in fashion as well? She used to be a pattern cutter for factory in Liverpool,  and now she does soft furnishings and she also does my netting as well. Obviously your family is really important to you. You grew up in Liverpool?  I was born in Liverpool but then I grew up on the Isle of Man. It’s such a small tight-knit community. Loads of things are locally produced and there weren’t many main stores growing up. How do you describe your design process? It always starts with an issue I am trying to solve and then we work with a charity that tries to talk about that issue. What issues are you looking forward to promoting? I think for the next collection I’m working with a charity that makes temporary housing for women and children. Who would you say are your inspiration or muses? I love other designers like Walter Van Beirendonck I’ve been a massive fan girl for a while. Do you have any type of life inspiration outside of fashion? I do like artists like Egon Schiele. I really love his work. My inspiration is probably my family.  What do you think are the bigger challenges you face trying to be sustainable? I think sourcing is a massive one, as is pricing, and having things available. How do you decide to up-cycle a piece? How does the process come about?  It kind of depends on the project we’re doing. We will be doing the collection and there are staples that we always upcycle. I’m trying to introduce more and more. Where do you hope to see yourself in the next five years? I would like to start my own social manufacturing project in the UK. Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy  Christopher John Rogers To start at the beginning, what drew you to design?  Anime, manga, and cartoons—especially people with special powers. The ability for clothing to help people self-actualize and to give them a newfound confidence. You grew up in Louisiana. What effect, if any, did growing up in the south have on your creative evolution?   A real sense of polish and refinement is found in the South – especially in the Black Church. Spending time with my mother and grandmother in church helped me curate an eye for the finish and cut of clothing and has been an inspiration for me ever since. How would you describe your design process?  I'd describe it as visceral. Although I try to be strategic, I'm ultimately extremely influenced by my intuition, emotion, and heavily inspired by color. As a recent graduate, what is the best advice you've received from your mentors at SCAD?  Work hard and stay true to yourself. There are always people that might be more talented or more privileged than you, but hard work and humility know no bounds.  Where do you find inspiration? Everywhere! Debris on the side of the street, mid-century couture, things my friends are wearing, et You've dressed people from Cardi B to Michelle Obama. Having worked with so many influential figures, is there a lasting moment with one that stands out to you the most?  To work with a woman that's equally revered for her intellect and passion, as well as her individualistic sense of style, is definitely a highlight. My family was also extremely proud of me, so that's a plus! Where do you see the fashion industry headed in the next 5 years?  A sense of increased accountability and transparency that's come with the proliferation of social media. I think we're going to see a complete upheaval of the traditional ways of showing and interacting with fashion. Tell us about your fall collection.  Stonehenge, quinceañeras, and Dr. Seuss. What's next?  Everything! We're working on our Spring 2020 collection and are also finalists for the CFDA Vogue Fashion Fund, so we're working our tails off! Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Where are you from, and how has that made an impression on you creatively? I’m from Atlanta. My parents were from Massachusetts, so I spent a lot of time in Cape Cod. I have this juxtaposition of New England and the South. The effect Atlanta had on me was not only the southern hospitality, but a lot about celebrating craft and culture. Tell us about the moment you knew you wanted to become a designer.   In high school, I was taking extracurricular art classes, like how to draw, technical fashion. I also took a croquis drawing class, and it must’ve been junior year that I knew that I wanted to be a designer as a career choice. I went to Parsons for menswear design and I went to Eugene Lang for philosophy. In what ways does the study of philosophy and your interest in fashion design connect? I think it’s primarily the way that I come up with a narrative for the season, and what sorts of questions in culture—my culture, other people’s culture and tradition—should be asked and should be addressed. How to talk about the historical narrative around clothing, and dressing. You’re known for re-contextualizing materials in a lot of your garments, many of which are vintage textiles. How did you get into the textile portion of it? Since I was a little kid, I had been interested in buying antiques and all of the historical narratives alongside that. We would go to all of these antique markets in Atlanta, and flea markets in New England, in and around Massachusetts. Why design menswear? I went to school for it, but I’ve always been interested in designing for someone outside of myself. Tell us about your fall collection. That collection was inspired by a narrative around gallerist Todd Alden, who is an ephemera dealer in downtown New York. I worked with him and talked to him about his life, collecting, what sorts of things inspired him to collect, where he lives, history of that location, his family history, how he came to become a curator, and the moment he opened his own gallery. Where abouts do you find inspiration? Following the life of someone and their relationship to objects, the domestic space, and the traditions that have shaped their lifestyle. Do you ever see yourself getting into womenswear? Not right now. We have a bunch of stores that pick it up as women’s, but it is traditionally a menswear brand. In the future maybe we’ll have a different conversation around that. What’s next?  Right now, we’re working on production, but really building out our own manufacturing space. Most of the collections we make in New York is made in our own studio, so building that out is the next step.  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Images courtesy Bethany Williams. Images courtesy Christopher John Rogers. Images courtesy Emily Adams Bode.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. A brand that makes style, comfort, and practicability a priority while making sure to evoke confidence, Knorts recently launched a new collection called, Scarlet Knorts. Color is the main factor of enhancing the garments’ attributes. Traditionally, Knorts has used the color blue which represents calmness, coolness, stability, and reliability, which are all components of confidence and is the signature color of their denim wear.  Knorts’ new capsule collection, Scarlet Knorts, incorporates the feelings associated with the color red. This collection aims to evoke strength, warmth, comfort, love, and power into the customers’ everyday life. Befitting to their aim, these characteristics can also support the feeling of confidence. There are future plans to create more color capsules to keep both the brand and wearers in an emotional equilibrium. This launch is partially used to spread awareness about California fires with 10% of proceeds from the Scarlet Knorts collection being donated to fire aid services.  Shop the new collection here    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   As I walk in the flagship Messika store, I’m greeted with smiles, macarons and diamonds. Immediately I felt that I had entered a world of femininity and style. The pieces are beautiful and delicate, yet powerful. Messika is an iconic jewelry brand worn by celebrities like  Rhianna, Penelope Cruz, and even Serena Williams during her training session. Valerie Messika, founder of the brand, created the trend of “everyday diamonds.” Much of Valérie’s inspiration comes from art, playing with a Calder sculpture in her father's office, absorbing from his collection various details of line, movement, color, composition, which have shaped her overall sense of form and proportion. I got the opportunity to chat with Valarie and try on some of the most gorgeous pieces of jewelry I’ve ever seen.  Why did you choose LA for your flagship store?  We are a family business so we are very intuitive and organic on how we do our business. We met a partner here in Los Angeles called Westime. They are very strong in the jewelry and watch industry. They work with Richard Mille and Audemars Piguet. They are also strong with red carpets in Hollywood so we decided it would be a good idea to open our first flagship store here. What do you hope the new store will bring to the brand?  I’m so excited because I can smell that the Americans in this area love jewelry. But they want something easy to wear, cool and light. This is the Messika philosophy; bringing a coolness to wearing jewelry that is very fine and delicate.  The workmanship and quality of the diamond is the top, but it’s cool. You can enjoy it and wear it everyday or on a big occasion. You can mix it with a casual or sophisticated style.  What was it like having Kate Moss as a muse? The moment I launched my brand 15 years ago I knew she was my muse and inspiration. She's really iconic for me. She embodies femininity, fashion and style. When I launched my brand and the philosophy I wanted to break the traditional code of jewelry. It was made for big occasions, but I wanted to make it apart of fashion and style. That’s why women like Kate Moss are so strong for me.   How would you explain the woman in the street wearing Messika?  The strength of Messika is that the women wearing it range from 18 to 70 years old. I love when I see different types of women wearing it with different styles. It’s not that we are putting a logo on the woman. We can see the personality and the style they embody with the pieces. It’s not about how rich or strong you are. It’s about the feeling and attitude that you have with your own style. It gives you self-confidence.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On Wednesday we celebrated Benetton’s new pop up shop in Santa Monica with prosecco and polaroids. Benetton Group is one of the best-known fashion companies in the world with a network of about 5,000 stores and a headquarters in Ponzano Veneto. The brand is known for its bright colors, the revolution of the retail outlet, and their unique sales network.  The new collections embody both the old and the new, featuring an exciting fusion of its classic colorful style with its newer streetwear-inspired elements. The artistic direction of Jean-Charles de Castelbajac, who is known for his iconic teddy bear coat worn by Madonna and portraits of Andy Warhol, shines through the recent collections. He recently united with the Benetton Group earlier this year, which was announced at Milan Fashion Week. He announced backstage that “The DNA of Benetton and mine have many similarities…this meeting between us is happening at the right moment, too, because this idea that desirable things can be of good quality and be affordable to many people is very interesting now…Benetton has been sleeping a little bit. But it has all this sleeping potential. And its base is very strong.”  Bring some color into your life and visit the pop up open from October 25 through November 24th!  Santa Monica Place Floor 1  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Courtesy Hublot With Halloween around the corner, Hublot stirred the cauldron to create a sapphire and emerald green Big Bang MP-11 watch. To give it its unique shade of green (not quite emerald and not quite sapphire), they used a material that has never been used in a watchcase. The material is called SAXEM, which is short for sapphire aluminum oxide and rare earth material. It is a mixture of aluminum oxide (the basic component of sapphire) with rare-earth elements like thulium and holmium.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   KAIMIN is the raising utopian brand initiating the posterity of attire. With a foundation of innovation and inclusivity, the namesake designer may well be sent from the future— sent back a couple of hundred years to propel the industry forward. Harnessing the power of the digital space, and the resourcefulness of sustainability, KAIMIN crafts intergalactic garments with a cunning dose of raunchiness. In a recent interview, Flaunt spoke with the avant-garde designer to discuss the evolution of the label, cyberspace, and the forecast of tech-induced fashion.  Tell us about the creation of the brand with your business partner Dmitri Pchelintsev. My initial foray into clothing design came in 2014 with the Zero Zero Vol. 02 project – a multi-sensory, high-tech video popup exhibition with an installation by Snarkitecture, which I was the protagonist of and also directed alongside stylist Nicola Formichetti and photographer Miles Aldridge. We had the honor of presenting the Vol. 02 book at my beloved Paris store, Colette. As part of that project, I created a stand-alone clothing capsule for the female character, and a very prominent singer ended up wearing some of my pieces in her music video. I felt compelled to create a full collection, and my very good friend Dmitri, who helped produce that very pivotal Zero Zero project, really believed in me as a designer, so we formed the KAIMIN label together in 2016. Dmitri is a creative marketer and business operator who happens to have a very strong background in finance, having spent many years at some of Wall Street's premier institutions investing in renewables, green-tech, and sustainability. Having helped grow several tech-enabled startups, he now oversees all of KAIMIN's business strategy and operations, while leading our expansion as a digitally-native brand, including the recent launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line.  How have innovation and inclusivity played essential roles in the brand? Innovation and inclusivity go hand-in-hand for me, as tolerance for new and crossover ideas breeds progress. KAIMIN leans heavily on technology in everything we do, and aesthetically we work with all types of creatives, communities, and personalities because anyone can uncover something new and beautiful, irrespective of age, race, and gender.  Besides using innovative materials, production techniques, and data analytics, the brand benefits from social media's global reach and the unprecedented direct access to talent that it affords. The Internet is a boundless creative nursery of young innovators that come from all different realms, including art, fashion, music – we love and fully utilize this cross-functionality. I grew up an outlier in a homogeneous society, so I feel my clothes have to speak to things beyond style and promote ideals that are important to me, including social and economic inclusivity, as I feel everyone deserves a voice. In addition to connecting through unrestrained creativity, I try to make items that are more accessible, including from an economic standpoint, and which still adhere to my design and high-quality philosophy – we launched SLFF KAIMIN exactly for this. What facets of New York's underground scene make appearances in your garments? The New York underground scene has this alluring aura of the forbidden, with sexier and darker undertones and the sense of a risque adventure that is addicting. During our SS20 show, for instance, we contrasted the primarily bright and colorful collection with a very dark and sexy setting, aiming for the set design to evoke a feeling of an underground party with red backlighting and a minimal, heavy electronic soundtrack. NYC subculture is edgy, extremely diverse, and creative and demonstrates some of the greatest social acceptance anywhere in the world, which really allows me to meld it with high fashion in a fun way. I love working with established as well as cool new, up-and-coming artists and personalities that grew up in this environment— I draw a lot of inspiration here for my design, music, lifestyle, and the overall direction for KAIMIN. The digital world is a key influence to the brand, hence your Fall/ Winter 2019 collection, "2081: CYBER-ORDINARY". What were your main inspirations and references for that season? Our Fall/ Winter 2019 collection explored archetypes of future beauty and was heavily influenced by such films as Blade Runner and Ex-Machina, specifically their protagonists – androids and cyborgs. I'm a total believer in the eventual symbiosis of man and machine.  In large part, that collection was about defeating the mundane and exploring and strengthening that which sets one apart, no matter the era. If today's fever pitch around privacy, sexual correctness, censorship, etc. ever leads to a dystopian control of self-expression, I'd want my clothes to declare: "when the extraordinary is outlawed, only the outlaws will be extraordinary." What's your view on cyberspace and it's distraction from the real world? I think we're in uncharted waters, and we won't be able to properly assess how good or bad this "distraction" from the real world is for a while, if ever. The cyber is already the real. There are definitely multiple ways to look at this, and it's certainly also a generational thing— just look at the debate around "screen time" for kids among young parents and scientists and the interesting arguments presented by media proponents, including Gary Vaynerchuk. All I know is that this is the manifestation of human progress, and there's no way back regardless, but to me, the benefits outweigh the potential hazards. We are now superbly equipped for improved communication and increased input – although, where the quality of consumed content, general overexposure, and the "3-second" wars are going is a different question.  For KAIMIN, Elon Musk's Neuralink can't arrive fast enough! What were your conceptions involving the recent Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, "INTROSPECTIVE PRISM"? This season, our main collection shared the runway with the launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line, which celebrates self-confidence and self-expression. The overall creative direction was influenced by the sub-conscience theories of Sigmund Freud and films like Annihilation, aiming to expose inner fears to release suppressed identity and desires— literal empowerment through self-discovery.  The collection explores two distinct notions for evolution of human form – through technology and through biological mutation. From the outside, the driver is mechanical – artificial furthering of self via machine. From the inside, the driver is bio-spiritual-- the natural furthering of self via selective mutation of flesh and mind— a physical metamorphosis through the unrestrained self. This season's motto is: "Introspective Prism – Refract all versions of self, Mutate desire and identity, Evolve in spirit and form." With our current climate reality, how do you plan to focus the brand on a more sustainable level? Being on the cutting edge is important to us to both achieve a futuristic design and to help push progress, validating applications of new technologies. We always keep an eye on the new tech that has shown promise in helping to lower the environmental impact of manufacturing, and we try to do our part by using many recycled, sustainable, and organic materials, including Better Cotton Initiative fabrics in our SLFF KAIMIN denim line. As we grow, we will continue to place greater emphasis on better production practices, safer materials, and less waste. Explain some of the laser cutting, production techniques, and 3-D print experiments that are implemented throughout your garment construction process. KAIMIN utilizes quite a bit of technology for manufacturing, content production, and branding, including 3D printing, laser cutting, digital art, AR/VR, motion tracking, etc. and we always seek to emphasize our future-forward thinking in our designs. For garment construction, we use some techniques because they create unexpected and groundbreaking visual results, while other methods actually make sense from a time and capital-intensity perspective.  We're pushing the brand's tech boundaries with the "Stratasys x KAIMIN" 3D-Print Denim Capsule Collection— the first time ever an industrial-quality 3D geometry is printed directly onto denim. We designed the intricate CGI geometry, multi-depth opacity, and colormap in collaboration with Fitchwork to make the final print. Stratasys are pioneers in the additive manufacturing space and have some of the most advanced 3D printing technology in the industry, accompanied by an inherent desire to experiment and come up with something new and cool. They wish to make everyday life better by bringing 3D printing technology to a greater part of the world faster and disrupting the fashion realm is quite big on the radar of Stratasys global creative director, Naomi Kaempfer— so what better way to help assimilate and democratize the tech for clothing than with one of the most common garments, jeans! How do you envision the future of fashion norms? I'd like to think that the future will bring abundance and innovation not just in the material sense but also in our culture and thinking, where humans will finally reach total equilibrium with nature, and each other— no prejudices— and KAIMIN clothing is but one way to represent this future. Like everything else in our society, fashion will continue to be transformed by technology, faster and more accessible information transfer, and diverse global audiences. This, of course, means a lot will change in fashion's tangible areas, like materials with never-before-imagined physical properties, more efficient production techniques, the continued proliferation of smart garments, and increased expectations of what clothing should do for the body and mind. But, to me, the most interesting changes are already occurring on the more intangible, creative side. People's unprecedented ability to communicate who they are has opened up new frontiers. In only a few years, social media exposed how varied yet similar and interconnected different cultures' tastes are, and how people of all walks of life can become influential by traversing these different planes. Being skilled in multiple areas has become the norm for many young creatives today, and this 'polymathism' affects fashion a lot. There are so many cross-functional innovators out there, and fashion definitely benefits from this, becoming more interesting and multifaceted.  What's next for KAIMIN? KAIMIN's mission is to keep innovating ourselves and keep collaborating with people that push the boundaries across the various artistic disciplines and product segments. We want to be more cross-functional and would love to do more than just fashion, even if it's in a more non-permanent format like seasonal collaborations. I wish to meet and inspire more people and to learn from them so we can all come up with a never-before-seen symbiosis of unlikely fields that not only is cool but also could change lives for the better and bring signature KAIMIN flavor to people in more than one way. With that said, I hope to continue building our artistic community and form a creative confluence platform – a culture nebula for local and global artists – to support innovation. To that end, we have already established an endowment fund some time ago, via our Zero Zero Project initiative, which periodically disperses funds to help finance targeted projects. And in that same vein, KAIMIN presented the SS20 show in collaboration with Studio 525, an iconic exhibition & event space housed in the former Andrea Rosen Art Gallery in Chelsea, as the inaugural project for Studio 525 Art Accelerator, which has a very similar vision to ours and aims to provide a physical place for work and showcases to artists and the creative community in general. Produced by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: : Franco Velastiqui Art Direction by: Delfina Pia Rey Styling by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Kevin Cheah Model: Cassie Priestley at Next Models. Styling assistance by: Sabrina Aguirre and Mila Sanguinetti  Credits: FW19 KAIMIN clothing, and GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI heels. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. MAX MARA dress, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. VERSACE dress, earrings, and rings and AGENT PROVOCATEUR underwear. ETRO dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, B-LOW THE BELT belt, and NANCY NEWBERG earrings. HALPERN dress, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring, and ERINESS ring. MAX MARA sweater and dress, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. PREEN BY THORNTON BREGAZZI dress, B-LOW THE BELT belt and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings. ALESSANDRA RICH dress and necklace and MIU MIU earrings all available at MatchesFashion.com, and NANCY NEWBERG rings. AGENT PROVOCATEUR slip dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace and ring, ALINA ABEGG earrings, and STATE PROPERTY pearl ring. ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER dress and scarf, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings and ring. PALOMO SPAIN jacket available at Please Do Not Enter, LA, ALINA ABEGG ring, and MISHO earring. Photographer: Vince M. Aung.  Model: Inga Dezhina. Stylist: Mui-Hai Chu.  Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co. & Oribe Hair Care at Nest Artists.  Makeup: Natasha Severino using NARS Cosmetics at Forward Artists.  Production, Photo, and Styling Assistant: Corrine Ciani Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Being Sustainably responsible in 2019 now means making some changes with how designers are choosing their resources. The female founders behind 42|54 and long time friends Elodie Ouedraogo and Olivia Borlee are both Belgian Gold metal athletes, and now business partners who strongly believe in that type of fashionably responsible involvement. It took them two a clean 42.54 seconds to win a Silver Medal at the Olympic Games in Beijing 2008. That Silver medal turned into Gold, when the winning team was disqualified due to a failed drug test. It was abundantly clear that dirty athletes have no place in sports. That’s when the Gold medalists decided they wanted to make a change. “Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes!” The contemporary active label launched its first 100% sustainable FW19 capsule collection  made of plastic bottles and recycled ocean waste. They believe that great design should also be sustainable. The brand teamed up with renowned textile companies who propose fabrics made from a fiber called SEAQUAL and NEWLIFE recycled from ocean plastics to create the new high-end "made from waste" active wear line that asserts the modern streetwear appeal.  The founders make a conscious effort to be an honest and transparent brand, by largely working with local manufacturers and suppliers.  Elodie and Olivia’s next steps will also be 100% sustainable using organic yarns working with GOTS (Global Organic Textile Standards) certified factories, hang tags produced with recycled paper along with recycled fabrics developed with fibers using the oceans waste and plastic bottles. They both are devoted to giving a second life to stock and leftover fabrics from previous productions along with biodegradable packaging. The The fashion-forward duo provide advanced functionality while calling themselves a "100% sustainable company in the way we work, produce, and live." Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. What was your biggest fear about starting your own line? We believe there are a lot of similarities between the world of sports and fashion. It is about being fearless,  following the process put in place while listening to your gut feeling at the same time to achieve the absolute best. It is about taking a leap of faith in yourself, your partner and your idea. For us creating an activewear collection that was high-end, transcendent  and made in honest and transparent conditions Felt like a void that needed to be filled within our community. There was a clear vision, which was bring some fun and fashion back into the world of sports without ignoring the functional and technical side of the garments. When we decided to launch 42|54, a reference to our winning time during the 2008 Olympics, we didn't really think about it as we both love a great challenge. We just jumped, head first.  There was a lack of experience. (We had both been guest designers for other brands, but came quickly to the realization that this doesn't even come close to owning and managing a brand.)  With that lack of real experience sometimes came also the fear of not being taken seriously. In the beginning we went probably over prepared into ever meeting we had. Not only out of respect for the person sitting in front of us, but also because we wanted to show that we were serious about entrepreneurship.  That we understood that there are no shortcuts to success Initially we also didn't communicate a lot about our backstory either. We didn't want to be perceived as two women who were the faces of the brand, while having an entire team waiting in the back to do the real and hard work. From the beginning we sourced every fabric, button, zipper, label or elastic band you'll find in our collection. Through (sometimes) expensive mistakes and failure we learned a lot. And today we are an authentic brand and a viable business because of it. Aside from the activewear, what other sustainable efforts are being practiced within your company? 42|54 has always been mindful of how and where we produce. After having represented our country in the best way possible in sports it only seemed logical to carry out the strong identity and values that Belgium has created with 'The Antwerp Six' in the world of fashion. We worked a lot with local suppliers. This put our brand already at a 50% of sustainability, solely based on the business decisions we made from the very beginning. Last year we were able to evolve in our sustainable journey by replacing already locally created fabrics by sustainable ones. We also adapted our online service by working with Repack. Repack is a company that offers reusable bags. For every bag clients return to us after their purchase, they receive a small discount. We on the other hand can recover the packaging for a new customer. Additionally we switched to biodegradable labels, we don't use plastic bottles in the office and work with a cleaning company that only uses natural and biological cleaning products. All the employees who live in Brussels, where we are based, walk or take their bike to work.  What was the moment or person that inspired you to produce your own line? We have always looked up to and been inspired by strong female athletes and more so in the 80's and 90's. These were absolute fun times where athletes didn't only stand out with their extraordinary performances, but also by the way the dressed on the field. Women like Florence Griffith and Jackie Joyner-Kersee wore leotards, belted bodysuits, one-legged  and lace leggings. They highlighted their personalities with exciting, daring activewear.  But of course we don't have to look too far. We are surrounded by strong women. Our mothers, sisters, friends and colleagues. 42I54 is built by women, who work very hard every day to create the best possible collection for women. Our sustainable mission on the other hand comes from a very personal experience.  We initially won a silver medal during the Olympic Games in 2008. Eight years later that silver eventually turned into gold when that winning team was disqualified due to substance abuse discovered during a large series of retesting.  This had a major impact on the on athletes worldwide. And while many of us became strong advocates for clean, drug free sports we are less outspoken when it comes to clothes we wear while performing. We felt this too has to change.  Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes.  Sportswear made in honest conditions and without the environmental strain it has today. We can no longer only applaud recognition and financial gain while wearing our low cost shirts. Because someone, somewhere is suffering because of it. Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Just for fun, what are your zodiac signs? Aries and Pisces What are you wanting to accomplish in 2020 with 42|54? It has always been our goal to become the brand that serves as today’s personal survival-kit and Wonder Woman cape all wrapped into one fashion-forward label for all women. 42|54 is for the young women we help through our 'Athlete Ambassador Program'. By supporting them with well made performance gear, we support their dreams of one day becoming professional athletes. Often big brands want to see results first and will later support in anyway possible. We believe talent need’s to be nurtured when  personal budgets are insignificant or non-existent. Today we are proud to announce that 3 women from our ambassadors program will participate in next year’s Olympic and Paralympic Games. We are most definitely also the go-to brand for women who like to have something that is different. Today many women try and balance a career, family and personal time. Finding an outfit that accommodates that lifestyle can be quite the search. The idea to have a legging that has the advanced functionality you'd expect from activewear, yet the high-end look and feel that makes it chic enough to wear outside the gym is very appealing to a lot of women. A winning combination we can offer to our women as we can pull from our own experience and expertise. On top of the need to be unique or different, women want to be informed on what they are putting both in and on their bodies today. Furthermore we would like to continue to develop our sustainable journey and dress as many great women in the US as we possibly can.  We had the opportunity to visit LA recently and it is inspiring to see how a city has succeeded into merging sports into the everyday life. It embodies the definition of an 'active lifestyle'. What were your childhood ambitions? Elodie: I always wanted to be a hairdresser or own my own cafe. That was until I realized that being a bar owner entails more than just serving great coffee. Olivia: I wanted to be a florist. I think I have always been inspired by beauty and making beautiful things. In what place are you the happiest? Most productive? The school of Sports is a great one to graduate from. Being professional athletes has taught us many life lessons. It teaches you to be independent,  winning, losing and how to persevere. Through our careers as professional athletes we have had the privilege of seeing a part of the world and experiencing different cultures and people. We are very appreciative that to this day we get to travel for work from time to time and see our designs come to life in our factory. Funnily enough, the traveling in the past also taught us the importance of home. And how it remains the happiest place for us. It is also where we get most creative. Before we were able to rent our own office space we used to work out of the kitchen. Today we still come up with the best ideas when we are surrounded by the feeling of familiarity. So thank God for WhatsApp these days. How do you live a sustainable life outside of the company? It is important to stress that we are by no means green warriors or examples of how to live a sustainable life. But we 100% get the message and understand the urge to react today. We all have different battles to fight in life but we are convinced that with little effort we can already make  a big difference. A few changes that we have made:  -no to fast fashion; buying less clothes and smarter -no more plastic bottles and additionally be more mindful of the use of plastic in general -buying fresh and seasonal fruit and vegetables instead of pre-packed food,  -reusing the same bag instead of buying a new one for groceries,  -sort trash -the use of natural cosmetics -leave our cars in the garage if not needed  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Published for the first time and celebrating 50 years since the works were created, ‘DESIRE’ by Lloyd Ziff documents New York City in the late 1960s. Ziff’s work captures a New York teeming with fantasy and rebellion. The book tells a story of cultural resistance through Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe.  ‘DESIRE’ was the first photo shoot that Patti and Robert had together. The two of them were photographed in their Hall Street Space in Brooklyn in 1968 and in Ziff’s small apartment in the heart of Greenwich Village in 1969. The book features 65 previously unpublished works including street photographs, original contact sheets, and notes that form the history around 1960s New York and the lives of these two iconic figures. The intimacy between the two paints a picture of the city at this time, pushing their icon status aside to view the city with a more personal lens. 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff “I myself never felt comfortable doing anything with the pictures. Then in 2009 Patti phoned and asked me for permission to publish two of the Hall Street portraits in JUST KIDS, the first portraits of them together she noted. 41 years had passed. . . Robert and Patti had become legendary. Robert and I had remained friends until he died in 1989, and I had enjoyed commissioning and publishing photographs of his when I was the Design Director of House & Garden, Vanity Fair, and Condé Nast Traveler in the ’80s. Now it’s been 50+ years since I happened to see Robert and Patti crossing the street near their place in Brooklyn. The photographs we shot then are, as are all photographs, documents of a particular moment in time. They have also become documents of a time when two of America’s most important artists were very young, very beautiful, and very ambitious. It amazes me to share those moments from so long ago today.” – Lloyd Ziff, 2019 100 “Strictly Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff, with a “Limited Edition” signed and numbered C-Type print. 500 “Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff. Available now Photos courtesy of Lloyd Ziff and Avenue Communications  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker. HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  FALGUNI SHANE PEACOCK bodysuit, HARDEMAN chaps, BUSTED BRAND gloves, PLANET I sunglasses, and MELODY EHSANI earrings and DALMATA choker. It’s been just over a year since Doja Cat’s “Mooo!” swept the screens of millions across the globe. And unless you’ve been living under a rock, the American singer, rapper and producer begs no further introduction. With that said, in case you have in fact been dwelling beneath stone, then you should know that the future of music is Doja’s for the taking. With her 2018 claim-to-fame music video sitting atop 50M views on YouTube, and her most recent visual release for “Juicy,” featuring Tyga, breaking 20M in two weeks, the musician’s growth is unshakeable, having cemented her place through sweet sonics and visuals that pack a punch. As she so bluntly claims over the phone from her apartment in Los Angeles, “It’s only the beginning. I feel like I really know who I am and what I’m doing with my next project.” The bovine-style music video released last August would eventually flourish into a viral meme. “I didn’t mean for ‘Mooo!’ to get as big as it did,” she admits. “I had more serious music to put out, I’d been working on so much other stuff, but once I put the cow costume on, I had to do it. It was the only way I could get it out of my head,” she explains. Within days of the abrupt upload to YouTube, the video had racked millions of views. The dairy dreamscape was by no means Doja’s introduction to the music industry. In fact, she had been signed to RCA Records since 2014, after the successful release of her debut single, “So High.” From there, she followed up with several tracks, including “Go To Town,” off of her debut studio album in 2018. “Before ‘Mooo!,’ we hadn’t really gotten any viral hits, or had any hits, period. We were doing okay, but things weren’t at their fullest potential. That was the most significant part about ‘Mooo!’ going where it did—it allowed all my other work to have a foundation and have a pull.” Taking a moment to consider the past whirlwind year, she reasons, “Since ‘Mooo!’ blew up, it’s been kind of non-stop. I don’t know if it’s really allowed me to reflect, but I feel like I’ve refined my style and refined who I am. I kind of have to have the spotlight on me.” MATT SARAFA coat and GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses. MATT SARAFA coat, ABODI bodysuit and boots, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and NOÄ earrings. The spotlight she speaks of shines focused and fixed, with no intention of moving elsewhere, but as a consistent subject of such recognition, Doja Cat has experienced two sides to the coin that is internet fame. Since its inception, the Internet has proven an untamable beast, and the environment it has bred has developed twice as feral. Through public domains like Tumblr to TikTok, and YouTube to Twitter, a vast stretch of subcultures and trends have been cultivated. On opposite poles of this digital sphere, there stands viral fame and cancel culture. It’s no secret that the musician has faced multiple controversies regarding comments she’s made online, and it’s even less of a secret that the public is quick to mobilize on social media. After old tweets resurfaced of the artist using derogatory terms towards other rappers, a rallied audience of critics made it its mission to take her down. Admittedly hurt by some of the criticisms, she reasons, “I’m not invincible, I do get hurt by some comments. I’m not superhuman.” Immediately requiting, she follows up with, “But being raised on the Internet gives me the ability to know how to deal with negativity most of the time.” Then, at once in a final stride, she claims of her presence online, “It’s just a small portion of my life.” And just like that, if we’ve learned anything in 2019, it’s that you can’t cancel Doja Cat. HARDEMAN top, thong, and hat, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and DALMATA necklace. Fresh off the release of a new music video with LunchMoney Lewis for “Make That Cake,” while still riding the success of “Juicy,” she’s traveling cross country for performances and appearances on a weekly basis. In the age of virality, such sustainability is impressive. That said, she’s in no way the first artist to have a viral hit catapult their work to an unfamiliar stratosphere of celebrity, and certainly not the last. We’ve seen fellow musical phenoms like Mason Ramsey and Megan Thee Stallion reap the benefits of a trending tweet and hashtag or two. Could it just be that we’re experiencing the dawning of a new age in music? An educated guess would reason, yes. With democratized media-sharing platforms like Spotify and SoundCloud, there’s been an inevitable boom in bedroom pop-stardom. Not only that, but with the increasing irrelevance of labels across younger generations, classification proves less important in not only topics of gender, but music, too. Lines blur across styles nowadays, with artists coloring the outsides more than ever. In attempts to maintain order through categorical standards, we see the term “Alternative” tacked onto the classic genres we’ve come to know. I LOVE PRETTY skirt. I LOVE PRETTY skirt and BUFFALO LONDON shoes. Prompted to describe her forthcoming record, Hot Pink, in three words, she replies with little to no hesitation: “Too. Many. Genres.” Declining a subscription to any one breed of song, the response points to her exploration of sound, a progression of her euphony, and the future of music. “My last record is a lot different from this one because I didn’t understand what it was to be in the studio and in an environment where there’s a bunch of musical equipment,” Doja shares, candidly. “I was young, I was a teenager and I really didn’t know who I was. My character wasn’t really shining the way it does now. I can tell you Hot Pink is one of the best things I’ve done, the best project I will have ever released.” Then, implored to divulge more about the release in detail, she retracts to the previously implemented three-word limit: “Super, duper, mystery.” So while Doja—who won the world over with an onomatopoeia in 2018—makes a favorable case for the future of music today, her own music remains as ambiguous as it does full of promise. Photographed by: Julian Buchan.  Styled by: Katie Qian.  Hair: Frankie Payne using Oribe at Opus Beauty.  Makeup: Jadyn Ngo using Surratt Beauty and Artisbrush.com at The Visionaries. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj Photos by Steven Klein Think metallic, high-end glamour with a neon pink accent. Think barbie doll in outer-space. This iconic FENDI and Nicki Minaj collaboration is the perfect combination of bold yet sophisticated.  Teaming up with Silvia Venturini Fendi, the duo created the next chapter of the FF Series with a line for women’s, men’s and kids: FENDI Prints On. Nicki is known for her body-hugging clothing and most of the line is just that, but she beautifully contrasts it with leisurewear and classy pieces. With the FF logo covering the majority of the print, this line is nothing but eye-catching.  They took staple pieces that everyone needs in their wardrobe and added their own flare to it such as:  tulle dresses, reversible puffer coats, asymmetric body-con dresses, raincoats with leather sleeves, silver tracksuits, bomber jackets with knitted sleeves and metallic windbreakers.  This collection would not be complete without some daring accessories, and that is exactly what they have provided us. They have everything from sequined bags and fanny packs to customized snow boots and wedge trainers. These accessories will take any outfit to the next level.  They went above and beyond and created a collection that embodied Nicki’s personality along with high-end fashion and street style.  The FENDI Prints On capsule collection will be sold in 52 FENDI boutiques worldwide and on fendi.com from October 14th.  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj   Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj                    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   69 shirt, JEAN PAUL KNOTT pants available at Please Do Not Enter, and NIKE shoes.   Brooklyn born and LA based producer and artist, Kingdom, is bringing back is clubby and unique dance music to the industry. With two new EPs, the first one called “EXTERRA, Vol. 1,” on the way and an album coming in 2020, he is back in the realm of dance music, but keeping true to his innovative style.  All the way from the east coast, Kingdom was booked to perform in LA in the early 2000s, which gave him a foot in the door to the west coast’s music scene. From here, he has continued to expand his musical capacity and does not abide by genres or any type of limitation; with experimental taste and a desire to create, he strives to generate music that he loves and that the audience can appreciate/value.  He was kind enough to join me for a phone interview in which I asked many questions, hoping to find out more about him as a person and his career.  I know that Nacho Nava kind of helped bring you to LA, how did he influence you? I was DJing a lot in New York, but he was the first person to put me on a flight and bring me to the west coast to DJ. I think that the influence he really has is that he was putting people on like me who didn’t have any other shows or have a lot of hype or a lot of press or anything like that. He really just believed in the new talent and was always just so generous with that regardless of how well the show did or anything like that. It was really just like he was excited to put people on and it never seemed like it was something he was doing for his own to serve his own interest. It really was something he was doing for the community in LA. Specifically, influential in creating a really special scene on the eastside of LA. I think most people will associate like the gay scene with the west side, West Hollywood scene, which is so specific and there really wasn’t much going on on the eastside maybe a couple bars, but he was the first to create a really vibrant night life scene that involved art and dance and all different kinds of Djs of all different races, but also it wasn’t just a community vibe, it was also like he was bringing really really good music and reall really amazing performers, so it also drew in just from straight people music fans who knew that Mustache would have more edgy stuff, so it wasn’t just creating an alternative it was also just about quality. He had such a good eye for innovative stuff.  FENG CHEN WANG jacket available at Please Do Not Enter and ALLIGATOR JESUS bracelet. What was it like working with Nacho Nava cause I know you guys were working on a Netflix show together. Working with him was always a pleasure. He was always just so sweet so generous and he was just a great figure and really supportive of my label and my parties too. He would always, without me even asking, support a face of mine or event that I was doing that had nothing to do with Mustache. He was always so sweet. More recently, that’s actually kind of why the music video is dedicated to Nacho because basically I met the video director through Nacho. Nacho put us together in a conference call and basically we started talking and they had planned to bring some type of documentary for Netflix about kind of the more alternative more POC side of LA nightlife, specifically gay nightlife and queer nightlife. It was really just in the early stages of talk. We really didn’t get it off the ground, but Shahana, the director, was gonna obviously be on the director’s side and working on the shots and the camera stuff and all that. They wanted me to come in and add music to it, but essentially throw in some different raves and help bring in music so that we could create some events to film because there’s not, sadly there’s not a lot of footage of a lot of the old Mustache parties. They’re relatively undocumented, so that was the idea, but I think when he passed Shahana felt like it didnt’t make sense to pursue it still. It really was Nacho’s project. It was really just a conversation, but even just that concept was inspirational and meeting the director is kind of what spawned us to create the music video together in honor of him.  It seems like Nacho has been really influential to kind of your start here in LA and the music scene, but has he influenced your work at all kind of like maybe the beats you decide to use or the music has he influenced any of it? Since he’s not a musician or DJ himself I wouldn’t say it’s a direct influence on the actual sound. I’d say he’s more of an influence when it comes to throwing parties and bringing people together in the community and just showing people kindness and more of the things I spoke about a moment ago. Just about the social element of music more than the sound exactly, but I know the sound he likes and I think he had an appreciation for the sounds I work with.  MEALS shirt and pants. How does it feel to be in the genre again? It feels really good. I feel like with my last album Tears in the Club I was in a very kind of like atmospheric moody RnB space and ever since that album came out I’ve been doing more vocal production, working with singers, and I worked really hard launching the new singer that signed to Fade to Mind called Semma, so I’ve been really in that zone of creating something for vocalists and when I’m doing that I sometimes put aside exactly the Kingdom sound and I’m trying to create a universe for the singer that gives them a unique identity. It’s just a totally different assignment. It’s a different thing and it’s a different lifestyle too. It’s a lot of hours spent helping singers songwrite and it definitely tested my patience a lot of the time because I’ve spent quite a bit of time with several vocalists making demos for their projects and singers make hundreds of demos to test their project. A lot of time your beat doesn’t get picked or they go in a different direction or sometimes the vocalist is just caught up in other stuff and they don’t even release something. I might have been so in that world, so it was really refreshing to just kind of stop accepting bookings to do vocal sessions and I think it was kind of a reaction to doing all those vocal sessions that made me really want to just get back into my more ravey, clubby, housey references and it’s kind of also where I started. My first release ever, “Mind Reader,” was very kind of hard, weird, dance stuff, so I’m kind of going back and starting from scratch and starting from the beginning again and it just feels really good. I’m just excited to put stuff that’s more high energy and I’m DJing a lot right now, so it’s exciting to just play things that I can blend and just be kind of weird again cause I think working with vocalists it’s a lot more compromises, a lot more catering to them.  Do you have any inspirations for creating music, like are there any other artists that you look towards to or does everything just come from within? There’s definitely artists I look up to. Sometimes I freeze with the question because there’s so many that I have. I would have to say Rod Lee, Terror Danjah, and Darkchild. YOSHIO KUBO jacket and stylist’s own glasses. Would you ever mix different genres together like if you did RnB and dance music? Or is that something that you’ve already ventured into before?   Even though I do make some fully RnB sounding stuff, I kind of think that’s really what I’m known for even though the new stuff is pretty clubby, but I think you can still hear these little shreds of like the vocal stuff, the vocal samples. I think that RnB element is always there. That’s pretty much my mission, either I’m weaving back and forth or I’m weaving them together just kind of RnB sound with the club sound. For the next volume, I’m making another volume of the EXTERRA series and that one’s either gonna have more of the vocal stuff in it and I’m also working on my next album. I’ve got a lot of homework right now. I’m bringing in more vocal stuff as it progresses from my EP to my next album.  In regards to the vocal production, is there anything you look for in an artist when you want them to be on one of your songs? I love weird vocal textures. I just love when someone has a baby voice or has a strange croaky texture or has certain types of node that they like to hit. Just something that sets it apart because there’s so many people that sound so similar. And someone who’s not afraid of intense rhythm cause I think a lot of singers come from the studio wanting a really simple beat or something that sounds like their favorite, you know, Ella Mai song or like H.E.R. song or maybe a Corella song they heard or something, so I think someone who is down to get experimental and doesn’t mind sampling their voice. I’m especially also just addicted to high voices. I love falsetto. I’m known for working with women, which is my favorite working with female vocals. If I’m working with a guy he definitely has to be able to channel his feminine side. I don’t really like to work with men who wanna sing about the macho shit on the mic like I’m way more into men who are singing. you know explore both sides  MEALS jacket and pants. Do you have a certain process of producing or like how do you kind of create your songs? I’ve always been a drummer, so I feel like when I’m on my own making beats I always start with drums and just playing with different drum sounds and I finally, after years of not doing it, started to create my own drum kits and drum packs, so I have my own custom samples that I’m playing around with. When it comes to singers usually they’ll just freestyle over an existing beat. With Sema, the artist I recently signed to my label, she was one of the first people that I really just improvised with and sometimes she would just come in and she would start singing something first, so that’s a totally different process like kind of working in reverse and working from what her voice is doing.  Do you have any stories of the first time you met MikeQ or Ms. Boogie? This new EP I just put out, EXTERRA, Vol. 1, is kind of a throwback to the beginning of my career in many ways. One of them being that I’m returning to dance music and making just like much clubbier, harder material than I’ve made in a long time, but it also actually has two collaborations with artists that I’ve known for I think over a decade. Me and MikeQ and Shane Oliver from Hood by Air were the three Djs who got booked to DJ this artist named Reshaw Newsom. He had a party for one of his art openings. I had actually been a fan of Mike from MySpace and his website for years already and when I finally met him I just completely fanned out and got to play a track. My set was pretty much like MikeQ and Ivana Lore who’s like another ballroom legend. I basically played all super hard underground ballroom voguing music. I don’t think that Mike was expecting that from me necessarily and actually Mike went out on the dance floor and started voguing and he’s not a voguer, he’s a DJ. He rarely ever actually hits the dance floor and vogue. That was back when we Dj’d on CD so that night me and him like traded CDs and he gave me his CDs from his like case logic and I gave him CDs from mine. Ever since then we’ve been in touch and he’s producing music on my label as well, but he’s kind of hard to nail down and get a studio session with, so I’m just really excited to me and him having a track together 10 years later finally. My very first party that I threw on my own in NY was called “Club Vortex” and it was like in the back room of this art space, so it’s not really a venue at all and they didn’t have any security or anything and I think after the first one the word kind of got around cause you know under age kids are always looking for those very few places that they aren’t going to card, so I think word got around that there was this party happening that wasn’t carding and that was super open and fun and a few friends of mine actually showed up with Ms. Boogie at that very first party and me and her hit it off. She kind of got in a little bit of trouble that night. There was kind of like a little bit of a tussle on the dance floor and I think some wigs got pulled, but it was a pretty crazy night and that was before she was even just vocals, so it’s been amazing to see her progress into rapping and making music and I just love what she brings to the track. Saturday Kingdom performs with an Allstar roster including Bae Bae, BrownSkinHazel, Total Freedom and Uniiqu3 get tickets HERE Photographed by Alligator Jesus. Styled by Ally Nikoltchev Produced by: BJ Panda Bear Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. It was a family affair as last night UGG threw a banger to celebrate their now campaign featuring creatives in fashion and music including Slick Woods and son, Paloma and Ama Elsesser, Kim Gordon of Sonic Youth and daughter Coco Gordon Moore, Sasha and Sergio Lane, and Luka and Clark Sabbat. The event was a dazzling event paying homage to the brands California heritage.  The brand drew inspiration from the #UGGLIFE  campaign family-focused narrative highlighting the relationships and the spirit across generations that brings families together along with inspiring and challenging one another DJ’s and eyewear designers Coco & Breezy curated the events soundtrack. Staying on theme with a musical performance by SoCal local indie punk rock duo/brothers The Garden. UGG founded in 1978 by an Australian surfer originated on the coast of California. Renowned for its iconic classic UGG boot boosted by Hollywood celebs, and fashion editors around the world, the brand has extended into apparel and accessories with recent collaborations with the brands like Y/PROJECT and Eckhaus Latta. The evenings launch also featured the new range of buckle boots that also presented an exaggerated sole and a soon to be everywhere thigh grazing boot. After a dinner at the Roosevelt hotel, we caught up with the mama, muse, and all around bad ass Slick Woods to chat about #UGGLIFE.  Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Did you end up going out last night after the dinner at The Roosevelt? I’m a little exhausted but I don’t think I went out, I think went out went on me. How do you feel like UGG has fit into your life as a mother? UGG has been a big part of my life since the last campaign so we have been linking up. Do you feel like having a child has fit into life of the badass fashion creature you’ve always been known for? Yes, of course. I mean getting into motherhood and being an UGG mom has definitely been a big part of my life. You have really empowered the persona of the badass into this new creation, it’s beautiful. Of course, I had to slip into motherhood very unexpectedly. What do you see in the space between comfort and style? Well, comfort and style has always been missed together. I mean my style in very comfortable. Do you think simple comfort can be stylish? Yes, definitely, I am a little bit mixed with Tomb Raider, with a little bit of Kim Possible, and a little bit of, let’s say, Al Pacino. All together – that’s me What is one comfort faux pas you feel can never be chic? Broke shit… I don’t do broke shit. What is one comfort faux pas you feel we need to embrace more? Probably aristocratic shit. Like real rich nigga shit. I wish we did more of that. Yeah do more of that now! Do you see your son as following your footsteps in the modelling world? Hell no. My sons going to be a police officer or a fireman. And I’m gonna let him do that. Your film Goldie got great reviews. Do you see yourself getting more into film? No, the director was trash but my acting was fucking great. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   BUFFALO shoes. Make way for the newest edition to the female power movement, a DJ from Berlin who goes by Martafakka. With a background in Tech House, Funk House, Hip-Hop, RnB, and Afro House, she curates explosive beats that pulsate through the listener’s body causing them to not only feel Martafakka’s energy in her songs, but also having an almost out of body experience. As well, her expertise in mixing different genres creates a new kind of music and allows for a wide range of people to enjoy her work. Beyond her musical genius, she is an avid traveller, inspired learner, and according to her Instagram, is an animal lover as well. Take pleasure in reading the following interview with the creative genius.   BUFFALO shoes. Who would your dream collaboration be with? My favorites would be Dixon, Honey Dijon and Black Coffee What are you currently working on? And how is the process going? My main goal right now is to achieve the knowledge of producing myself. I have my roots in Hip- Hop and RnB and want to learn now more about electronic music especially tech house, funkhouse… I know that you have performed in Berlin, where would you love to perform next? I would love to perform in Ibiza, Amsterdam, London and New York. What is your favorite thing about performing and your fans? The best thing about djing is when you feel that people are getting exactly into your vibe and enjoy the party. What inspires your specific sound? I already traveled a lot in my life and I have been to many clubs where I got a lot of different vibe and music inspiration. What do you want your listeners to feel or take away from your music? The most important thing is LOVE, LOVE, LOVE and of course amazing energy! People should feel good and free while listening to my music. Its all about energy. What does your music creating process look like? I start with collecting my current favourite songs. After that it goes on with the main part; FIND MATCHING SONGS! It is my goal to combine all music genres with each other. There are no boundaries! Its kind of a process of course. Do you have a specific song that means a lot to you? What makes it special to you? It’s “Dirty Diana“ from Michael Jackson since I was a kid. It always hat something mystic about it…Who the f*** is Diana?!  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   REBECCA VALLANCE suit, ANDREA FOHRMAN earrings, and ANNA-KARIN KARLSSON sunglasses. She might not be a household name in America, yet, but Lila Iké has already taken Jamaica’s music scene by storm. Hailing from Manchester, Jamaica, she sharpened her teeth by performing at Jamnesia’s open mic on Saturday nights. The seaside venue (located in Bully Bay, about 20 minutes outside Kingston), has hosted many prominent Jamaican artists including Chronixx, Jah9, NoMaddz, and Protoje. The latter performer, Protoje, happens to be a Grammy nominated artist and his ears perked when he first heard Lila Iké’s music. He signed her as part of his collective, In.Digg.Nation.  Lila’s friendship with Protoje turned out to be the turn her music career needed. The signing thrusted her into the spotlight, where she’s performed alongside him at Jamaica’s Reggae Sumfest (basically it’s the Coachella for the country) with 30,000 heads in attendance then making her NYC debut at BRIC’s Celebrate Brooklyn! Concert. In 2017, Lila dropped her first official track, titled “Biggest Fan.” She wrote the song for her mother, whom she dubbed her “biggest fan.” The song’s release opened the floodgates for her solo career, with several other songs following suit. Earlier this summer, she performed on Protoje’s song “Not Another Word,” which acted as the biggest track she’s been apart of. After premiering on Rolling Stone, “Not Another Word” has graced Spotify playlists “Dancehall Queen,” and “Dancehall Official.”  While Lila Iké might hold the Reggae universe in the palm of her had, she’s not interested in classifying herself as a Reggae artist. She believes her music is more universal than to label inside a single genre. Flaunt spoke with the rising artist about her humble beginnings, treasured inspirations, and the meaning behind the words Lila Iké.  MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit and JIMMY CHOO shoes. I always like to know what influences an artist when they are writing and recording their songs. Who would you say are your musical influences? My favorite singer of all time is Garnett Silk. I love Toni Braxton, I really love Lauren Hill. All great artists in different genres and different types of music. But my all-time favorite is Garnett Silk. Why would they inspire you? Garnett Silk is my all-time favorite because of what he did for the music I don’t think anybody else did it. I feel like his voice, his style, he had a spiritual thing with his voice. Also, the fact that he didn’t get much time to do what I really think he wanted to do. Very powerful and very spiritual. How he was cut down so early almost makes me take up the responsibility, just make sure my music is on that level.  What’s your intention when performing your music? What are you trying to give your listeners with your talents? When I’m performing, I’m basically giving everything. With certain performers, You can identify with what they are saying. , You can see certain movements in their body, you can feel in your presence that music isn’t something they are doing to make some money. So when I’m performing I’m doing what I’m supposed to do, which is give it all Every artist has a different creative process when writing and recording music. What does your look like?  I search for inspiration, I don’t necessarily like writing with a pen and paper. When going through my everyday life, if a thought comes to me, i’ll whip out my phone and record it. Somethings I don’t record all my inspirations, but it comes upon you and for some people, it comes through like mediation or dancing or going different places. For me it’s all of the above. I like having conversations about different things. like learning as much as I can. I like listening to music, going to jam sessions.  ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER coat and boots, HALPERN turtleneck, and MISHO earrings. You’ve released four singles so far. What’s next? Is there an album or an EP on the way? Naturally, but I can’t say when. I am definitely working on new music.  We will keep our ears open! There’s a lot of musical genres, what inspired you to chose reggae? Is there a connection to the genre which drew you to it?  Personally, I don’t really associate myself with any particular genre, I feel like its a conscious thing. Like a work of poetry. I grew up in Jamaica, where there is lots of reggae. But I love reggae, it’s my favorite genre. I love spoken music, jazz, country music, reggaeton. But for me, reggae music is a part of me.  Are you still based in Jamaica? Yes. Rolling Stone premiered “Not Another World,” which features you working with Protoje and Agent Sasco. Are there any more collaborations coming up which you can tell us about? I recently did a song produced by Izzy which was released on the same day, so I haven’t been pushing it that much. That’s the most recent collaboration I’ve worked on but I’m interested in working with a lot of artists. I’d love to do a song with Chronixx and Koffee. These are things I have in my head that hopefully work out.  You recently performed at LA’s Delicious Pizza for their block party. Are there any more US shows coming up on your itinerary? Not right this minute, the next time I’m in America for a show is in Washington. My friend wants to come perform at his venue. Me, Sevana, a new artist called Jaz Elise, and another artist named Apollo. We are apart of their acoustic presentation. That’s the only thing I’m certain about. October 14th. Where did the name Lila Iké come from? What does it mean to you?  Lila, biblically was coined from my original name Alecia Grey. When I was born people would always shorten my name. They’d call me Leekee or Leelee. Once somebody called me Lila and I was very drawn to that name because I felt like a “Lila”. I made a Facebook account and used it as my Facebook name, it was “Lila Music.” And people started calling me Lila. Before I know it, everybody actually thinks my name is Lila.  Iké, I got that name from a friend of mine I met when I moved to Kingston. This guy had a Nigerian background. He grew up in Africa and said Iké is short for Ikechukwu, he told me that it meant “God is powerful” I grew up in a Christian home, my mom always went to church and believing in a higher being was always a crucial part of our everyday life. And I personally believe that there is something more beautiful and powerful than all of us here on Earth.  I wanted to appropriate this energy, which is the purest form of my music. That’s where Lila Iké came from.  It was great talking to you, is there anything you would like to add? I want people to know that it’s okay for them to be themselves, and they should go for whatever they want if they feel it in their hearts. If it brings them joy.   MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit. Photographed by Nolwen Cifuentes. Styled by Mui-Hai Chu. Hair: Darren Hau using Oribe at Opus Beauty. Makeup: Mylah Morales  at Exclusive Artists.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Autumn Hrubý is the founder of knitwear enthusiast and journal, Hesperios. The carefully crafted, sustainable collections express Hrubý’s philosophy of “quality over quantity,” with garments meant to last a lifetime. An extension of the brand is it’s dedication to classic and contemporary art, literature, and travel, which reveals itself in a biannual anthology— distributed internationally through art-and-design book stores, galleries, newsstands, and museums. This month, Hesperios released it’s third edition of the ongoing journal series, marking the celebration of both established and emerging creatives. From artists to chefs to filmmakers and poets, No.3 is packed with visual references, intellectual nuances, and personal anecdotes that will galvanize any and every reader. Flaunt spoke with Hrubý post-Journal No.3 launch to chat all things Hesperios. HESPERIOS founder, Autumn Hrubý. What’s the story behind the name of your line and literary journal, Hesperios, meaning “the evening star”?  My friend Evan Dando started calling me Hess as a nickname, short for Hesperios. At the time, Glenn O’ Brien and I were brainstorming potential names for my company to be. It was a long process, and he had several amusing options, but when I heard Hesperios, everything just clicked.   Of all the interviews in this issue, who surprised you most, and why?  Miranda Brooks interview. I loved discovering that she meditates with her client before each project to bless the land and ask the spirits for help.  “In Japan there is a standard practice to have a land blessing with the client and architect before any construction begins, to make peace with who has been there before, and to suggest where the spirits can safely wait until construction ends. Once construction is complete, they are invited back to bring love and a sense of being to what was created.”  Visually, how has literature and the art world influenced your designs?  Art and literature have influenced our brand in every possible way. I knew I wanted to make the perfect sweater and cardigan with reoccurring artist collaborations and less common color palettes. And of course, we publish art and literary books, which is at the heart of what we do. This has always been the idea behind Hesperios. Sometimes working with an artist on a particular cardigan will influence the range of colors for the collection, but I usually have a well-defined palette from the very beginning. I often have Maria Sibylla Merian’s books around for reference.   As fashion is the second most polluting industry in the world, how does your brand support sustainable practices? I’m glad you asked. This is a long answer, but it is the most important question I am asked. Hesperios has been called a “sustainable brand,” and I’m not sure what that means or if any brand can be truly “sustainable,” but we are trying, every day. I have set very high standards in the way I’d like to run everything. We are a small team, but we all care and want to do things differently and thoughtfully rather than arbitrarily pushing out more product. I think we’ve had a head start as a new company forming good habits in the early stages, rather than having to unravel detrimental ones later on. Even so, it’s a constant process which requires a tremendous amount of time to research alternative materials and more efficient methods of production.  It was always my intention to create a well-made, high-quality product that would last forever and age well. Our collection began with a sweater; designed as something you can keep as an heirloom— quality over quantity. We produce two seasons a year, with limited releases in between, all of which are produced in low quantities, so we aren’t sitting on excessive inventory.   We also recycle our inventory in a way that I’m proud of. In our last three collections, we selected a few styles from our inventory, like our Gayle or Lou knit tank, and combined them with pleating to create our signature Paloma and Lola dresses. Our collection also consists of a core library of year-round knits, which means we can keep these on our website longer because they technically don’t fall out of style. If we have inventory in a color that hasn’t sold as well, we dye it sustainably. Timeless and well-made products retain their value.  All of our wovens are produced locally in New York City. This reduces the waste of packaging and shipping materials. We try to use as much deadstock, antique, and recycled materials as possible. We will never produce leather, and we’ve kept our material options to a minimum. I don’t plan on using cashmere or wool. We plan to use 100% organic cotton by next year, and we’re also in the planning phase of bringing our knit production in-house, so we are in control of all phases of production.   I wish building a company was just about telling stories and making beautiful things, but this is such a small fraction of what is required. There can be a myriad of factors and variables which influence every decision and sometimes can be overwhelming. But we approach everything with thoughtfulness and integrity in mind.  I’ve been a vegetarian for 18 years, and I’ve always been conscious of my environment. When I was 20, I lived on a permaculture and biodynamic farm in San Miguel de Allende, and when I moved back to the states, I viewed our resources differently. I think this experience has informed my life decisions going forward, and I’m constantly reminded of those lessons. I recently sat through the Earthlings documentary and was completely shaken. It takes you through all the industries that rely on animals and how corrupt so many industries are. After watching this, I wanted to begin taking steps to become vegan. I also became overwhelmed with all the lifestyle choices associated with this decision and that if I became vegan, I would want the brand to be as well. Suddenly, becoming vegan was harder than anything I’ve ever thought about doing, especially regarding fashion. Right now, I am gathering the facts so that it isn’t an overwhelming transition. Leather is everywhere. There is no reason when there are plenty of alternative materials to use for a handbag or a shoe. But then, you also have to be knowledgeable about how those materials are made and the waste or toxic threats they could be creating.   Patagonia has been a big inspiration for my colleagues and me. My best friend, Miye McCullough, is our Director of Operations, and she has a background in Conservation, so we are always talking about sustainability. She recommended a book called The Responsible Company by Vincent Stanley and Yvon Chouinard. It has been my ongoing resource for information. I recommend this book to everyone, both personally and professionally. You can learn from their past mistakes as a company, how transparent they are, and what they did to learn and improve not only their production but practices on a global scale. The bottom line is that it takes a community effort to create change. The book is also a reminder that while mistakes are inevitable, what counts is how we solve each problem.  Everyone on our team has a genuine interest in sustainability. We enjoy the research process equally as much as the creative one. I’ve been a member of an innovative design library ever since we started, which gives architects and designers access to sustainable, biodegradable, recyclable, certified organic materials around the world. They have an actual library you can walk through and scan swatch cards; giving you instant access to suppliers who produce bio-leather from pineapple juice.   I don’t want to turn a blind eye to our ecological crisis. If I’m made aware of something that isn’t right, I will go to great lengths to try and correct it and make it better. But I have to remind myself that it cannot happen overnight.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 Drop 1 launching today, October 8th, Zara aims to release their variations on the here to stay khaki and uniform stylized core pieces. For decades in DIY culture, core basics have been used as representation and a source of visual language to identify rebellion and counterculture. These two characteristics are still used as the main sources of inspiration to highlight individual style and remain part of being unbranded in a capitalistic society. As well as being inspired by figures involved in the arts, musicians, actors, artists, and so forth. Zara is taking classic clothing archetypes with this new SRPLS CHPTR 03 line, consisting of outerwear, shirts, pants, and accessories, remixing them with new proportions, cuts, and sews every release to give a new meaning. This will be the 3rd instalment of Zara’s bi-annual SRPLS collection, showcasing men and women collections as in the past, but for the first time a kid’s line will be available. The collection speaks on the military influenced clothes that have become part of the world’s wardrobe vernacular for the past 60 years in popular culture. Made from premium materials, in limited edition with three releases each season. The collection will be available online and in select stores across the US, Spain, Germany, UK, France, Italy, Poland, Japan and China. Photos courtesy of ZARA Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Gucci has begun accepting applications for the North American Changemakers program, which includes its $1.5 million Scholarship Program and its $5 million Impact Fund for nonprofit organizations, and they have brought a collaboration with DRØME Creative Director Satchel Lee to announce it. The grant and scholarship open call announcement invites young people and nonprofits to apply to be Gucci Changemakers.  Earlier this year, Gucci announced its North American Changemakers Program, working in alignment with the company’s vision for garnering a greater social impact and pushing diversity and equity forward within the fashion industry. The film announcing the open call for applications was narrated by Changemakers Council Co-Chair, Poet, and Author Cleo Wade, and allowed for young people to share their own stories. Wade stated, “Change does not happen in theory, it happens in community. We are bringing the Gucci Changemakers initiative to life by bringing not only funds, but also time, energy, and care to communities that have been historically and systemically under resourced and overlooked for too long.” Both of the programs aim to do exactly that. They give to and prioritize historically underrepresented and marginalized communities in order to allow for the advancement of the youth and nonprofit organizations hoping to create broader change, starting within their own communities.  Learn more on applications and eligibility at www.changemakersus.gucci.com. Photos and video courtesy of Gucci Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   GUCCI jacket, pants, and shoes.  BEN SHERMAN top and pants, BRUNO MAGLI boots. The singer-songwriter and actor Chord Overstreet surprised a lot of his fans when, in 2015, he left behind his acting days on Glee to pursue a career in music. The son of Grammy-award-winning country music singer-songwriter Paul Overstreet, Chord had grown up surrounded by music, which he quickly developed an affinity for. Once he formed his own band, Overstreet, the singer was already opening for Demi Lovato and Nick Jonas on their Future Now Tour. After releasing some well-received tracks, the band came along with their first EP earlier this year Man on the Moon, Overstreet is back with the new track “My Ex.“ Flaunt sat down with Chord Overstreet and discussed his relationship with music, songwriting, and his newest single “My Ex”. I wanted to ask you a little bit about your upbringing. You were brought up by a Grammy award-winning father, you have a music-related name—it’s almost as if it was predetermined that you would be involved with music. It was probably my dad’s way of nudging me out the door with a guitar in my hand. I was the third one born into my family, and there’s three notes in a chord, so my dad and mom had names like that for everybody. My sister’s name is Harmony, like a four-part harmony, and a brother named Nash for Nashville, so everyone’s got a wacky name.  How would you say your relationship with music has evolved throughout your childhood up until today?  My relationship with music started out when I was really young and my dad introduced me to Elvis, the Beatles, and James Taylor. The stuff that I responded to was the lyrical content—songs with a story that helped you stepping out of reality, just being in your head and going wherever the music takes you. Lyrics first for me is where I always go, such as James Taylor and Bob Dylan, guys who were really able to paint a world.  Branching out into your own musical career—did you always want to do that, or was it a more recent decision after Glee?  I always did it just because I grew up around it. When I first moved out to LA, I was trying to get the acting thing going, and I had my guitar—it was always there. I never thought about it too much, I just always did it. I would be writing and I would be playing. Everything I got involved in and it worked always coincidentally had music involved, it kept chasing after me. I also always had the desire to do what my dad was doing. When I was probably 17 and playing football—I wanted to play pro football—I got a knee injury and was on Oxycontin on the couch. I was playing video games and my dad was like “Turn that damn game off and write a song!” So I picked up the guitar and couldn’t put it down.   That’s amazing. It’s good that it stuck, because I remember my parents forcing me to learn the piano at a young age, and I would get so bored by it. But then, the love for music sticks with you. It’s interesting because, when you’re a kid and taking music lessons, you don’t necessarily have the drive and determination —although some people do—to push that as a kid and develop those skills. Thank God that parents make kids take lessons because when you’re older, it’s there. I’m really thankful for my mom driving me to guitar lessons. It’s about having the foresight to see that it would be useful someday. Of course, I saw my dad do it, and he obviously taught me a lot about songwriting. My dad said something interesting to me. He had a rough childhood—he came from a broken home—and yet was always very positive in his songwriting, his message was really uplifting. Somebody asked him where his inspiration comes from when he’s writing, and he responded that he always wrote about how he wished his life was, not how it actually was, how he wanted it to be. I thought that was really cool, to be able to twist anything and make a positive message out of it. I’ve learned a lot from him out of my 30 years of studying him. I was really blessed that he put great music in front of me for me to learn from versus some of the stuff that’s pretty bad [laughs].  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. From all of these influences, how is it that you came to the sound you have now? I have a lot of modern influences even just in production, with the sound and current alternative stuff. Finding your niche within that, going back and taking some older retro production vibes and going in some of that—I would say it came from a lot of trial and error, honestly, just throwing a bunch of things at the wall. I was frustrated with not having a sound, so I went back and listened to a lot of Beach Boys stuff, as well as diving into deep tracks of music, while always wanting to make stuff that lasts for a long time. You find inspiration from the best.   You’re getting what inspiration you can from different artists and injecting it into your own style. Exactly. It’s like I really liked the way they presented that sound, how they had fifty different voices way back then, and just finding your own voice within that. A lot of the stuff I love listening to is just stuff that I want to drive to. Then I did a bunch of tours with just me and an acoustic, that singer-songwriter stuff. That’s a different side of me that is there, but after a while you just want to put on a rock show, you want to have fun, you want to express yourself and do crazy shit and not give a fuck about anybody.  GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and talents own ring. That’s actually what I wanted to ask you about next, about your shift from performing solo to having a band. It makes sense that you did it like your father before with the singer-songwriter aspect, and then you wanted to branch out.  That side of it for me is about expressing your emotions. You’ll to be up there, you’re vulnerable, and pouring your soul out. The band stuff and the energy—the crowd has so much to do with it. It’s such a release to be able to express yourself, and be that big, and be that loud, and to do whatever the fuck you wanna do. There’s such a rush in that, and when you go on and perform, you just black out—from the time it starts to the time it ends. Then all of a sudden I’m going, “Wait, is it over? Did that just happen?” It’s almost like its own drug, which you can get out of the singer-songwriter stuff, but that’s a little more therapeutic, and reliving some dark, heavier stuff.  You also have this support network of the rest of your band with you on stage.  Yeah. It’s fun to be able to make music with your friends, to shake out all of your anxiety, and nerves. I’m not a great dancer, so on stage I can just do the weirdest, craziest, stupidest stuff, and not give a fuck. That’s one of the things I like. That’s the only time you’re gonna see me blow off steam. It’s almost like you turn into a different person, which I love. That has a very similar connection with me that acting does. When acting, you get to disappear for a second. GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and KSWISS shoes. I really like that, because there’s also this other side of performing that’s filled with nerves, and you’re always worried about what people will think. But when it’s right for you, you just melt into it.  Once you say, “Fuck it,” and jump off…The first time I started doing live stuff with a band, I was learning my body, and how I move, and how I do things. But then, once you rip the band aid off and learn to not give a shit, to just have fun and move around like nobody’s watching…that’s the best. Once you can take that jump, it’s fun.  Great. I’m wondering, what artists today would you like to collaborate with if you had the opportunity? I would love to collaborate with Sting or, I listened to a lot of Aerosmith growing up they were probably one of my favorite bands. I don’t know what that would sound like, but probably more so the legends. Just to be able to say I did it and pick their brain. To get into their headspace and see what their creative process is like. Yeah, I’d ask a lot of questions like, “Hey, when you wrote ‘Dude (Looks Like a Lady),’ what was the story behind that? I’d probably be the most annoying person sitting next to them, because I would be asking them so many questions. I find that the process of songwriting is so different for everybody that “What inspired this, what inspired this, what inspired this” might open your eyes to all the things around you that you wouldn’t normally pay attention to.  BEN SHERMAN t-shirt, KENZO pants, and BALLY shoes. Going off of that, I want to ask you a similar question about your upcoming single “My Ex.” The songs on your Man on the Moon EP have a lot to do with past relationships and the effect they had on you. How does this single play off that? What inspired this direction that you’re going in? I wrote this song the next day after running into one of my exes. I ran into her at the bar and she was with one of her friends, and I used to hang out with both of them when we were together. I run into this person all the time, and I ran into her, and every time I run into her she’s with her boyfriend. It’s a little odd, because he’s just a little bit odd about it. We’re cool though, I love her to death she’s super sweet. She started flirting with me a little bit, talking and drinking. To make a long story short, we hung out and afterwards I felt like she was making a move on me—not that I would’ve done anything. Then her boyfriend showed up and the whole vibe completely changed. I found all of this really interesting, so the next day when I went into the studio to write, I started working on the track with my buddy, and in thirty minutes I had the song written. The thing I thought was interesting was, what if I actually did go home with my ex-girlfriend and she left her current boyfriend? I just thought that would’ve been an interesting hypothetical situation, because once you had that relationship with somebody, there’s always something that’s underneath a little bit. You’re always wondering “What if it turned out differently?  When you’re young, relationships end for reasons that when you’re older I’m sure they never would. There’s probably a reason and a good reason it did end. I self-examine a lot of my dating life. It’s an easy thing for me to really look at that while I’m writing.  That’s a positive thing—self-examination, looking at how everything went down and how you can change for the future—it’s a very good thing. It’s very much like therapy.  Like self-therapy almost.  It is difficult to analyze yourself without you running through your own protective filter. When something happens in a relationship, people see it from a slanted view where they end up not being as harsh on themselves as they are on the person they’re breaking up with. Being that way with yourself can be tough.  KENZO jacket and pants. Very true. My final question is, you know how people usually get an impression of an artist whenever they listen to their album or a single. I’m wondering, with the debut album you’re releasing next year, is there a specific impression you want people to get of you, whether as a person or as a musician? That’s a good question. My goal for this next batch of songs is—everybody relates to love, loss, things changing. They might not relate to the exact story, but everybody has felt that way, everyone has had that emotion. Being able to really put out emotions that are relatable, that hard stuff that you don’t really want to talk about, or being able to share the good feelings. It’s about being able to emote and give people something they can relate to.  They end up feeling an emotional connection to it. They have a connection to the music. Even if it is specific to my story. That’s probably the main goal.  That’s probably the main unifier between people and music—the ability to connect with an emotion or lyric, anything about it—it’s great.  It could just be a lyric, it could be something that makes you say “I felt that way.” Even Drake with “Why you gotta fight with me at Cheesecake Factory/ You know I love to go there.” That’s funny, and it’s real. I think it’s genius how specific that is, because you can’t make that shit up.  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. It’s specific enough that you can imagine being in a similar situation. Everybody has got into a fight with somebody at a place like that. Cheesecake Factory is just—I think that’s hilarious. Drake does that better than anyone. Great. That’s it on my part, is there anything you wanted to talk about that we haven’t touched on? We talked about the sound, the inspiration…The one thing I also wanted to talk about…just the…I guess we talked about it. Letting people in and getting a good look at who I actually am and what goes on behind the curtains, what grinds my gears I guess. Especially with this new project you’re doing, it’s a new path, and for people to see that and get their impression of you, it’s really important. It’s new for me, but it’s also thirty years of  my experience in self-discovery, and giving people a look into the reality of where I’ve been and where I’ve come from, that’s really important. That’s great. We very much look forward to your new material.  Yeah, I’m constantly writing, so hopefully I’ll get a bunch of new stuff out there.  Photographed by Jonny Marlow at Early Morning Riot. Styled by Brendon Alexander. Grooming: Avian King using Davines at The Rex Agency. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   A woman with a past containing hardships to a future where she can clearly see what she wants, Diana Gordon is back with her new single, “Becoming” which is all about celebrating hard work, being in control, and having her family by her side. She is a multi talented woman who sings, song writes, produces, and is a visual artist. Diana is not afraid to be herself and through her voice and singing, she has been able to have an emotional outlet. Her music is a mix of rhythmic drums, alternative rock, and dark folk, which create a melodic base for her powerful and captivating voice.  Diana has won Grammys in the past for her songwriting and producing work with many prominent artists, including Mark Ronson, Dua Lipa (“Electricity”), Beyonce ("Sorry", "Daddy Lessons", "Don't Hurt Yourself'), and more.  Her 2018 EP Pure was described by Pitchfork as being, “marked by her striking voice and emotional candor.” Diana has an album set to come out next year and will follow the tone of her new single “Becoming.”   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The high desert has remained as popular as it was 40 years ago to getaway to, when your dad was planning a Joshua Tree trip with his buddies and forgot to pack the trail mix, as well as the good suede boston birkenstock’s.  HWY 62 ART TOURS is becoming one of the fastest growing attractions taking place over 3 weekends in October, featuring 150 artists opening their studios to showcase artwork.  Part of the fun derrives from its self-driven aspect, furtherly explained by Art Tours Director, Bill Green: “The best thing about the Art Tours is that you never know what you’ll discover. With over 30 different categories of art, you might see a tile house followed by an abstract painter followed by a sculptor. You get to choose what you want based on your interest. There are so many different artists here with unique studio spaces that you can’t possibly see them all. It’s a big reason why we went to three weekends this year.” This special desert art tour taking place under the stars will take place this month in October over the spand of 3 weeks.  Weekend Oct. 5th & 6th, the 11th & 12th, and lastly the 18th & 19th. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Photo courtesy Nike. This is what we have been waiting for. In Los Angeles, Nike is coming out with limited-edition Air Max 270 React sneakers and fleece hoodies. Not only are they limited-edition, they are specially-designed by three talented L.A. artists: Sage Adams, Jheyda McGarrell, and Gabrielle Richardson. Each artist used their stories to create a this new collection of sneakers and hoodies, incorporating their unique style and flare. Flaunt was fortunate enough to get to chat with the women, see below.  SAGE ADAMS: The NY Transplant “Designed by artist and curator Sage Adams, this Air Max 270 React is a reinvention of the classic white shoe that Adams saw in her childhood. The shoe comes outfitted with a pizza slice charm to nod to the classic comfort from her home-state, a reminder to pay tribute to your roots.” What inspired you to pursue art? For me the lack of representation of marginalized people as popular visual artists really spoke to a gap I wanted to fill. We needed more than Basquiat, we needed to know Carrie Mae Weems, Kara Walker, Henry Taylor! I needed to see more of a spectrum of the stories being told and mediums used.  Do you feel that art has opened up new possibilities for expression for you?  Art In many ways has taken over how I see the world. Before I started breaking things down into shape rather than how they ‘actually look’ was the moment I began to feel like an artist. It’s opened my mind to an array of possibilities otherwise deemed impossible. I didn’t even think I could draw as a kid. What is the process you go through when curating an exhibition? Do you have a specific message in mind? For me it’s getting to know the artist and what made them make the thing and then it’s how do these things come together to tell the story.  What connects the works, what makes them different from other pieces in archive? What medium? What does the architecture of the actual gallery space look like? Creating an authentic representation of an idea or ethos is one of the hardest and most rewarding things there is.   JHEYDA MCGARRELL: The Homegrown Angeleno “L.A. native artist Jheyda McGarrell’s take on the Air Max 270 React is influenced by her Black and Mexican upbringing. Pops of red pay homage to rose bushes grown in the front yard of her childhood home, while gold accents represent the evolving idea of opulence for Black and Brown communities. Topped off with a cherub charm, a reminder to honor traditions and use the lessons of the past to keep it moving forward.” Questions for Jhyeda Mcgarrell: How does your heritage, as an Angeleno of both Black and Mexican decent, reflect onto your artwork? My heritage is reflected in all of my work due to the heavy impact of it in my formation. The contention of growing up experiencing all these different aspects of culture and tradition is an experience many without their stories ever been told. This specific project in my mind has worked to piece together the different aspects of the different culture backgrounds, that our two cultures share. This shoe to me bridges the created tension of an American landscape. It shows the ways we are one and the ways people like me live between these different ideologies and physical spaces. It bridges the weird black kid in the white neighborhood to the dark skinned mixed Mexican kid growing up with Tias smoothing down their curls and gives us space to just be all our different facets without contention.  What was the most rewarding and challenging part of this process? The most rewarding part in this has been seeing the smile on my mom’s face when I told her I was working on a collaboration with Nike. The most challenging but also rewarding part has been working with an entire crew of people to execute an idea which is still relatively new to me. It’s so beautiful to see all these brilliant, different minds working to make something I once imagined.  What do you hope people feel when they wear your shoes/hoodie? Confidence? Individuality?  I hope when they wear the apparel they feel like they are truly reflecting their highest self. I hope they feel comfortable and free. I hope they feel every good emotion that has been out into the making and the lifestyle behind the creation. I hope they feel loved because I know I do from them.  What qualities do you see in yourself that you know you got from your family? Pretty much everything. My family is completely made up of immigrants and all of the qualities I’ve gained from their strength and preservation in a country against them is appreciated. I have learned love and a desire to improve our lives and the lives around us and to honor heritage. I have learned even the qualities they might oppose in me. I have learned to always crave freedom and to always have a strong sense of self among so many other things.  It is so amazing that you get to work with Nike to be a source of inspiration for many people. What has inspired you, and in return, what do you want your work to inspire in others?  Thank you! It is literally such an honor. I’ve been inspired by everyone around me embodying the phrase “existence is resistance”. I’ve been inspired by the black, the brown, the indigenous, the queer, the trans, the fat, the disabled, the people who make up the qualities most worth embodying, utter freedom of expression and true strength. I hope my work inspires people to follow myself and others in moving forward towards freeing themselves and seeing the value in their everyday life, even when it’s boring, even if you hate yourself, like I did once and still do sometimes, I hope they know they are important.  GABRIELLE RICHARDSON: The Passionate Traveler “Neon meets pastel in a technicolor dream in the Air Max 270 React designed by model and multimedia artist Gabrielle Richardson. The colorway exhibits the dichotomy of the modern-day jetsetter — neon being those moments of movement, and pastels representing the comforts of home. Embellished with a ‘Real’ charm, an encouragement to make creative dreams a reality without letting others restrict your point of view.” Questions for Gabby Richardson: Which place that you’ve travelled to been the most influential, or just your favorite and why? I think the most influential place I’ve ever been is in Cape Town, South Africa. It was beautiful to be in a majority black country, but still felt a sense of disillusion being in a country with such an intense racial caste system. I felt so lucky to be in Africa, a continent that felt so connected to my identity but where I had never been. I met so many young talented South African artists in Cape Town who shared their art with me, and it reinforced my drive to do better to create and facilitate spaces for young black kids globally. What do you want people to feel or think when wearing your design? I want people to feel validated, I want to give people hope. I want people to know, in our constant shared state of anxiety that we live in that there is a silver lining. I used the neon colors because they’re utilitarian colors used often in industrial and emergency settings, I offset the abrasive colors with pastels to give it a sense of softness, and a sheer window so people can show off their personality. I think the real chain is self-explanatory, what you do, whatever you want to do, that shits real, that shits valid, don’t let anyone limit you and tell you that your aspirations are fake. What does it mean for you to be a part of Nike’s limited edition collection? It feels crazy! I As a child I never thought it was a possibility for me to work in the creative world and even more of a ludicrous fantasy to be able to have my own shoe. I think it’s a testament that any dream you have can be built. This journey with Nike has been a really formative experience for me as artist, I have never been so affirmed in my artistry. I was able to direct so many aspects of the campaign from the casting, color ways, and insert in the shoe. Being believed in is a magic that I want to pass on. Everything can be real!! What does travel mean to you? Through my time traveling I’ve realized that I learn mostly through experience. Through meeting people and exchanging stories of each other’s lives, I not only gain an objective knowledge but also broaden my emotional intelligence. A willingness to learn doesn't have to only connote traditional practices of learning, an education can be childlike and involves a lot of falling and getting back up. Traveling allows to see me to see the world for the first time always, everything and anything can fill me with wonder.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    WILDFOX clothing.  WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, JF LONDON shoes, ASOS belt, and KRYSIA RENAI necklace.  WILDFOX clothing and DALMATA necklace and ring.  WILDFOX clothing, B JAMES bag, WOLF CIRCUS necklace, and FARRADAS KNITS clips.  WILDFOX t-shirt and CLYDE hat  WILDFOX clothing, ASOS headband, IMAGO-A belt, and MALONE SOULIERS shoes.  WILDFOX clothing and MISCREANTS gloves.   Left to right: WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, VIA SPIGA shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. WILDFOX sunglasses, MALONE SOULIERS shoes, FARRADAS KNITSearrings, I.O. COLLECTIVE ring, and NORA KOGAN ring.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings.  WILDFOX clothing, TIBI belt, LADY GREY earrings, and MARY MACGILL necklace.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. In a city more rife with wantrepreneurs than we care to truly consider, there are origin stories aplenty. Divided this in two, split that up, and presto! Success! Took the family business and scaled it. Had an invention idea come in a dream and now we're shipping ten thousand units. Was in the right place at the right time. Knew a guy who knew a guy and the rest is history. Often rather boring stories. But how often do you hear of success stories that originate in the club? Business is done in clubs, business is celebrated in clubs, but rarely do you witness material success be birthed in the club. Enter saxophonist and entrepreneur Jimmy Sommers, CEO of Wildfox and 100% owner of the lifestyle brand known for its sun-soaked, sexy California attitude. In addition to being Wildfox CEO, Jimmy Sommers is a partner in top shelf tequila, Perfectomundo, with multi-Grammy winning DJ and producer, Paul Oakenfold, and owns a boutique line of beautifully hand-forged eyewear, very appropriately named Sommers.  Wildfox was birthed over a decade ago. While throwing must-attend parties all over the world, and made in LA units flying fast, the company navigated the economic recession and explosion of e-commerce with a big smile on its face. The birth of influencer marketing across Instagram, however, and a glut of fast, cheap fashion brands, have created challenges in recent seasons, and Sommers is continually seeking ways in which to stay true to how his brand was built and scaled, while integrating a modern sensibility for how fashion is currently consumed. Sommers took time on the deck of his Modern home in the Hollywood Hills, to speak on the changes he's witnessed in the apparel industry, as well as Los Angeles, as well as his only-in-Hollywood story of rising to musical prominence, and in so doing, creating a platform for himself with which to meet the world and explore other ventures. In support is a Wildfox Fall '19 editorial, photographed on the azure hills of Malibu late this summer by frequent Flaunt photographer, Shane McCauley. You found your footing in Hollywood with an exceptional saxophone talent right?  Exactly, being good at something was my way in. The saxophone was my in to Hollywood, in to different events, meeting people. It was a tool. I used the sax as a tool. In college I got a scholarship for it. Then I got to take a crack at LA because I had a reason: to become a professional saxophone player. I was very fortunate to have parents that are supportive and together still, which is rare. They’re my backbone.   And what sort of evolutions have you observed in the music industry over time? The music industry is… well, it’s funny because when I came out here there was something called smooth jazz, and there were jazz and smooth jazz stations. I grew up listening to David Sanborn and Marcus Miller and their style was my key influence. I had gigs all the time. But that’s changed and so has my music career. I used to go on tour all the time. So, the radio stations changed their formats and then comes Hip-Hop. When I was out here recording, it was Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg and Tupac and that era, which was cool shit—it still is cool—but now it’s a whole new and different thing.  You actually mentioned you recorded with all manner of artists at the time, like Tupac himself? Well it just happened that Dr. Dre and Tupac’s engineer lived in my house on Sunset. That’s how it came to be. All of the sudden I was exposed to this music, so then I was playing with them… What’s interesting is that when I was out here, I played saxophone at the China Club, and the China Club is where all the musicians came. I played with Prince, I played with the Kal David band. Rick James came to play. I was immersed with all these great musicians. And what was the sort of lightning bolt moment that deepened your involvement? I was a guest at a part of John Paul DeJoria’s house, the guy that started Paul Mitchell. I was at the bar drinking Patrón with Rod Stewart, who I had just met. We got to laughing and I said, “Rod, let’s go play with the band. I’ve got my sax in the car.” I went to get out my sax and next thing we’re on stage with the band. And that’s where JP was like, ‘Wow, you’re great.’ I didn’t have a record deal at the time, but he was like, ‘How can I help you? Come to my office.’ So inspiring. So I end up playing his gatherings where ten thousand people come, all his hairdressers. He puts a package together, about a hundred and fifty thousand CDs, and distributes them at the salons, which was a catapult to me getting a record deal. It was outside the box, and that really helped me stand out from the rest. That’s what he does. He builds people up. All of the sudden, when my record was done, all of the record labels wanted some. That’s when I ended up getting into the record business with Universal. They pushed me because JP believed in me. And what a vision. He actually started Patrón Tequila 29 years ago, sold it for five billion bucks. And what is he doing now? Giving back. He’s doing great things, and he’s always done that. Doesn’t just go buy a yacht or whatever. He’s such a humanitarian. The guy is just too good to be true. WILDFOX clothing And now you’ve launched your own tequila brand, Perfectomundo? My best friend met someone that owned the best distillery in Mexico. He said ‘we have the best blend of Tequila,’ so we decided to make it. We ended up collaborating with Paul Oakenfold to do Perfectomundo tequila, which is the same name as Paul’s label. It seemed like a good fit. It’s nice to have a business with friends that you can enjoy. We started it a couple years ago, and it’s doing great, and God damn you should try it. It’s delicious! Tequila’s growing big time. And ours has been rated in several shows and tastings, it’s won a lot of awards. The problem with these big tequila companies is they can’t make it fast enough. So they pump it through, and it’s not as good anymore. Being a boutique brand, it’s small batches, and extremely good. Has LA changed a lot to you since coming here? Oh man, in so many ways. To start, there was no bottle service. You’d go out, it wasn’t all the phones with the cameras. You’d go out there, you’d talk to people, not everyone was staring at their phones. That’s just in general, not just LA. But it’s not the same as it used to be. It still is beautiful. It’s still got talented people. Beautiful beaches, you know, beautiful hills. I suppose it’s just that technology has changed.   And how did you make the music to fashion transition? Were you inspired by something in general? Being in that circuit, going to Paris, seeing all that, the fashion shows and having friends in the fashion business was major. And what goes on in London, Paris, Milan—it's so different. Music propelled me to go and experience the world and fortunately enough there came an opportunity to get involved in something else. I knew what was going on in fashion, I was going to the trade shows, seeing what people were doing out there. And to put a different spin on something was key. These two girls came and pitched an idea, something different with a t-shirt company. Oversized, different shapes, something completely different. That’s when we first launched Wildfox. And of course it blew up. Was there a key moment in time? A couple girls came to me with an idea. I said as long as it’s the coziest, softest material, I’m down. That’s what I was going for—the best materials with the right washes. But, we couldn’t even get into the majors, because we had just started. One day, a friend, Alessandra Ambrosio, said, ‘Jimmy Sommers, I’ll model for you. I’ll put your clothes on and I’ll take some pictures. But you do it! You take the pictures.’ So when she was in town, I threw the T-Shirts on her. I had never done this before, so I went to Samy’s Camera and said, ‘Give me your best camera.; It was a 5D and I said, ‘Well, what do you do? I’m shooting a Victoria’s Secret model, what do you do?’ And they just go, ‘Yeah right, sir. Just put it in auto.”’ So, I bought the camera for five grand and went and she put on all the shirts. Then Alessandra was like, ‘Well you can’t use these because Victoria’s Secret is going to get mad.’ So, I said, ‘Ok, of course not, I won’t use these.’ Then, at the trade show, I blew up the biggest photo of her, which was overlooking the whole show. People took notice, and the first order I got was a $60,000 order from Kitson. And I go, ‘How did you see us over here? We’re not even in the main show!?’ And of course they said ‘well, we saw that poster of Alessandra.’ Of course, I was in debt, so it was so great. Alessandra was the key thing. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. How would you describe the identity of the Wildfox brand, how it came to be a force? I’d say along the lines of, ‘Oh, that’s the brand with the softest material,’ the funny sayings, ‘celebrities wear it’, that sorta thing. As the current Wildfox CEO, I ensure we make all our clothes in LA, and it’s great stuff that’ll last forever. Quality. Any person that has a shirt since we started is still wearing it—I’m wearing one right now. They’re out there and they’ve got a frickin’ Wildfox—especially in LA and New York and London—they have something of ours in their closet. Now these other brands come, these fast fashion brands that have Internet money, and it’s cheaper clothes. And there’s all this paying people to wear stuff. We never had to do that when I started. And there’s a lot of that now. Yes, and the mimicry scales so fast. There’s a lot of copycat brands, but what can you do? Just be original. When I started as Wildfox CEO, we thought simply: let’s make t-shirts like butter. The softest t-shirts ever. People say that our first shirts are like fine wine. They just keep getting better and better. They don’t fall apart. Now we have to keep evolving and doing other things. From dresses and higher fashion stuff. Everyone still loves a good shirt and sweats and loungewear, but you have to watch where the world is up to. And now we’re all watching each other on little screens? Yes! Instagram wasn’t around when we started. In fact, we were one of the first accounts to get so many followers. Now, everyone’s influenced by it, which is kind of sad, because it can easily get carried away. It’s good to get these people’s support, but you know… these influencers have so much coming to them. If someone likes a brand, they’ll wear it and talk about it. I talk about a lot of things I like. But, like, one post? It’s not sincere. Left to right: CLYDE hat, JF LONDON shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. CLYDE hat, HARDEMAN shoes, stylist’s own socks, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings. And have you felt tested by owning a company, dealing with the ebbs and flows from the top? Of course. Having a company, you’re working with people, spending more time with your colleagues than anyone. It’s nice to do special things and, hey, if you can be successful and be funny as a company, isn’t that great for everyone involved? Me, being an artist, I get carried away a little and spend too much, and it catches up. This month we are restructuring our offices, tightening up my business. Now we have all these incredible new designs, and there’s excitement at first, then a little stagnancy. Like a relationship. You have to keep tooling and pushing. And do you feel the trajectory is normal for a brand, like a cycle, or is Jimmy Sommers’ Wildfox different?  There are unique circumstances to Wildfox and then much of it is normal high’s and low’s for any brand. Looking back, when you’re rising every year, a lot of big brands would call me and I gave them the middle finger because I thought everything was going to keep going up. ‘I don’t need this, everything's fine.’ But sometimes you do need someone to come in and give some help. It’s been my strategy to stay a one hundred percent owner, but I'm always looking for a strategic partner who can grow it bigger and bigger. You’re always hearing about the pitfalls of growth in the fashion and apparel industry. Any truth to that? You get cocky, but, you know, the consistent factor is you always need some really good people around. I’m still dealing with people that I find out they were faking it. It’s like, what was I doing for the last seven years paying you a hundred and twenty grand? What were you doing? Because I love it when people leave or go and you don’t even need to replace them. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. And how about outside insights or consultation? Not being from this business, I’ve hired a lot of consultants. I’ve figured out that they’ve told me everything I was already doing. With consultants, I’ve learned they’re typically the failed CEOs of their own businesses, or CEOs that got fired, and they want a lot of money. Every consultant I’ve taken aboard hasn’t changed shit. They’ll move certain things around and they’re just shuffling papers. They’ll come in and paper shuffle, and it’s like ‘Oh my God, how much money am I spending?’ So perhaps it’s more in the creative structure? Who at this stage might you think to be an ideal partner? It’s got to be a funny cat. Look at Pharrell! He’s got all this crazy music, he’s great. We’ve met a few times and once I was like, ‘Aren’t you doing fashion?’ and he named four different companies. Wow, what a talent. So someone like that I’d like to get in the mix. New approach on creative ideas. Even Nike does all these things. Collaborations are big business these days. It sparks energy into something, so I’m looking for collabs and there’s a lot of possibilities. Jimmy, aside from being Wildfox CEO and tequila entrepreneur, how about your personal trajectory? Any excerpts from the book of life? All you can do is just learn from life and other people. But you have to trust other people so you truly can learn from them. And that doesn’t always work out, but you have to try. ‘If you look back,’ my father used to ask me, ‘would you change anything?’ You know what, no I wouldn’t. But maybe I have to say that because my father asked me! And how about music? You’re still keeping an eye on the scene? I’m always supporting new artists, as I was one back in the day. Lately I’ve been signing country artists. I know how it is, it’s tough. So it’s nice for me to help out other people, and not just for one song. You have to throw a lot in there and see what sticks. I did that with my music. I worked on three albums at once, and could never finish anything! But then I’d be putting together a record in Chicago, and I’d meet someone and they’d be like, ‘Let’s have ten songs in three months.’ And I was like, ‘Wow, that works.’ Deadlines are important! CLYDE hat, TIBI shoes, IMAGO-A bag, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace. And you’re building a studio up here in the Hills? It’s pretty amazing, the sound. I have a great sound system up here, and you can really hear when someone knows how to record, or mix. Man, that’s a big deal, the mixing. My favorite place to create is like this, where something sounds good. You know, in the Hills, in the studio. That’s why Tupac and everyone used to roll through back in the day! I had a recording studio! That’s why I’m building a new one up here. It’s a special spot. When you’re first in the Hills, you look out there and you’re thinking ‘Wow, I wanna move out here.’ And so I’ve always lived in the Hills, from all the way around. Like seven different houses, and I finally bought one. I look out, and I see the city sparkling, and all those people and their lives from here to as far as you can see, and you’re just on top of the hill, on top of the world. It feels frickin’ good, and it still does. And how’s it all going to land? What’s the big picture look like? Well, it would be nice to have a great relationship, and kids, and this and that. But who knows? Let’s just say I’m gonna die however, but with a smile on my face. Peter Fonda just passed away, and you know, his sister Jane, that’s what she said, that he ‘passed but he had a smile on his face.’ It’s like, have a good ride, because we’re not here forever. Photographed by Shane McCauley.  Flaunt Film Directed by Lucas Chemotti. Models: Dani Dolinger at LA Models and Patterson Wells at Visions Models LA. Styled by Britton Litow. Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co and Oribe at Nest Artists. Makeup: Cedric Jolivet using MAC Cosmetics at Lowe & Co. Manicurist: Lisa Jachno using Chanel Le Vernis at Opus Beauty. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019 The contemporary jewelry line, AGMES, is the brainchild of Morgan and Jaclyn Solomon. Each collection is influenced by facets of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art. The geometric and sculptural, metallic silhouettes reflect modern heirlooms, meant to last a lifetime. Handcrafted in New York, the sisters provide local jobs and utilize recycled metals, which is central to their code of ethicality. With the release of their Fall 2019 lookbook, Flaunt spoke with the Solomon gals to chat all things AGMES. Tell us about the inception of AGMES. Morgan Solomon: We hadn’t anticipated starting a line together years ago, it all happened naturally and kind of fell into place this way. I was working as a buyer at Bloomingdale’s at the time but always felt like something was missing in my life. After catching up with an old friend, I was re-inspired and decided to pursue jewelry design full-time. Meanwhile, Jaclyn had just resigned from her job as a sweater designer at Proenza Schouler. She had planned to take a little time off, but as I was getting ready to launch my first collection, I was asking her for more and more input. It started out with small projects, to larger projects like producing our first lookbook, and naturally led us to form a partnership. What aspects of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art inspire the geometry of your designs? MS: Our collection is very sculptural in nature, so we’re often inspired by sculptors such as Jean Arp, Henry Moore, and Barbara Hepworth, to name a few. We’ve also been greatly inspired by the designs of Charlotte Perriand, Pierre Jeanneret, and Mies van der Rohe. For our most recent SS19 collection, we drew from Ellsworth Kelly’s plant drawings. What dedications has the brand made in regards to sustainability?  MS: Sustainability has always been very important to us, but we feel that now more than ever, it’s crucial to keep our environmental footprint as small as possible. There is so much waste in this industry, and we think it’s our responsibility to make sure we’re not adding to the problem. All our products are made locally in NYC, which helps keep our carbon footprint small, and we use only recycled metals for all our jewelry. Any excess metal that hasn’t been used in our jewelry is melted and repurposed for new pieces.  Jaclyn Solomon: We recycle and reuse everything we can. We’re always bringing in bubble wrap, packaging materials, boxes, etc. from packages we receive at home so that we can reuse them instead of letting them go to waste. What are some of the ideas and concepts behind your Fall 2019 collection? JS: We drew from one of our favorite pieces from the existing collection, the Gabriela Bangle, which we had hand-formed from clay. We love the weight of this piece, the feel of it, and the look. So we wanted to continue playing with this sculptural hand-formed look, but play with the proportions and symmetry further. Most of this collection came from pieces we hand-formed from clay. Do you have a favorite piece from the collection? JS: My favorite is the Gabriela Hairclip! MS: I’ve been wearing the Medium Celia Hoops almost every day lately. And I’ve also been wearing our Domed Ring layered with the Cara Ring from last season. I love being able to build off the styles I already have.  What’s next?  MS: We’ve only just begun expanding into the accessories category – first jewelry, and then we introduced some home and hair accessories. We’ve been exploring the idea of expanding further into these categories, in a way that stays true to us – beautiful organic forms, all of which will become modern heirlooms and embody a sense of timelessness. Photography: Arno Frugier Creative direction: Ashley Helvey Model: Audrey Marnay Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   No surprises, the merciless mercenaries of the night and otherwise were just as lit and just as fit in the latest ready-to-where (as it will thence be called, given the rise of GPS garmentry), leaving nowhere to sit when we stumbled upon them in a bevy of 20 years foretold tomfoolery. No reprises on those surprises either that the same sexy partners in said soirée looked even younger in the cheeks than the day we said: WHY THE HELL NOT? To the freshly painted and Flaunt bulldozed Johnny Grant Gallery at The Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel! Porque? Why, a very civil arrangement of blonde-as-blonde The Kaplan Twins painting their rumps and leaving Rorschachian lumps across a spread of spanking new Diesel tees, in a celebration of the fabled The Prelude Issue: 20th Anniversary Vol. 1. Down the fire escape! To a private screening of filmmaker Eva Doležalová’s Carte Blanche alongside Jack Kilmer and a medley of his cast mates, an editorial of which can be found in the award-winning pages herein, where we sipped bubbles and peeled popcorn before lighting to The Rosy Oyster for DJ sets with Vivien James, Athena Pasadena, and Jihaari. That one got twisted! To an uninhabitable stretch of LA known as Westwood for the NuArt Theatre, which shares a view with the scenic 405 freeway, where we toasted Andrea Riseborough and her film, Nancy, with our pals BCBG, whose sightly threads the lauded actor wore with totalflair in the Prelude Issue’s riveting pages. ToDTLA, where we happened upon a dozen or so soon-dusted tacos and some PBR, to issuekudos to the beer guys’ thoughtful campaignwith VICE, “America Dreaming,” and chuckle atthe small-world-ain’t-it-edness of PBR’s brand manager hailing from a ninety-miles separated Northern Plains freeway artery as this very rag’s EIC, and being of the same bloody birth year, and of the same cacophonous 20-person field trip to this nation’s corrupted capital in 1997! Talk about AMERICAN DREAMING Next Issue loyalists!!! Back up to where the shots come gratis with the beers and the tacos are made of cashews and vegan guacamole (you read that right) and the product drops are top. RCNSTRCT Studios and Diesel (those rascals, to double-stuff this jibber-jabber!) celebrate the World Cup with a capsule dedicated to Italian footballers Bassano Virtus 55 S.T. We were fooled by adjacent fools (trust, only a couple sneaked the electric fences, but boy did they PLANT at the bar) that mezcaldoesn’t give you a hangover, before losing our minds in a wash of groovy vinyl up the street at Franco-filed cutie-pie Barbette, courtesy one of Flaunt’s most trusted, Jihaari. And what without fashion would we do with our short, short lives? To NYC, where Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello solicited a Disco yacht and dropped the scene-iest of scenesters across the water for a presentation of its Men’s SS19 collection. To Paris! Where Mr. Virgil Abloh properly melted the pot of Louis Vuitton with his debut Men’s collection to a standing ovation, the elation sensations of which continued deep into dark at an afterparty graced by the sonic laces of No Vacancy Inn. Finally, we did it for mom, we did it for the future, we did it for the unbridled orgasmia that is a 5 hours within a meter of the stacks-deep rave trip with HUGO, who presented a killer ensemble of clothes atop the energy-addled frames of beautiful kids for whom the only spectrum worth respecting is the early morning light streaming into Berlin’s original techno club, Motorwerk. Bubbles were raised as the show concluded on a stacked setup where Wiz Khalifa appeared, dropped a few hits, and then was swallowed up by the banging techno rhythms of Marcel Dettmann, DJ Hell, and Ellen Allien. All praise techno, all praiseFlaunt making it twenty years, and praise your applause-worthy patience for making it all the way through this copy. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photos courtesy of Sacai x Gloverall    Photos courtesy of Sacai x Gloverall  Photos courtesy of Sacai x Gloverall  Photos courtesy of Sacai x Gloverall Sacai has announced a limited-edition outerwear collaboration with British heritage brand Gloverall. The iconic outerwear pieces have been transformed to feature Sacai’s signature hybrid approach with unexpected textures. One of our faves has to be the shiny puffer meets Khaki in the neon green color way. The silhouettes and shapes are warped and architectural, a subtle way to elevate outerwear into statement pieces. These coat and jacket will be available in select international stores including Dover Street Market starting December 22nd. Photos courtesy of Sacai x Gloverall   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Saint Laurent  Belle de Jour  Saint Laurent Belle de Jour  Saint Laurent Belle de Jour  Saint Laurent Belle de Jour  Saint Laurent Belle de Jour  Saint Laurent Belle de Jour  Saint Laurent Belle de Jour The French luxury brand known for its sensual and sleek couture looks and iconic ready-to-wear pieces, Yves Saint Laurent, celebrated the 50th anniversary of the film Belle de Jour at The Museum of Modern Art, New York City, on December 19. The screening honored the creative connection between Yves Saint Laurent Maison and the late 1960s French drama about a young housewife who finds meaning outside of an underwhelming marriage at a local brothel. Laurent created an entire wardrobe for the iconic films’ main character Séverine Serizy, including her legendary black vinyl trench coat, that later became part of the SAINT LAURENT rive gauche 1966 collection. The screening was hosted by the brands' creative director Anthony Vaccarello and the film’s leading actress Catherine Deneuve.  Styles worn by guests at the event reflect Laurents 2019 ready-to-wear looks that symbolically represent liberation and fluidity for women sparked by movements in the 60s and 70s. Notable guests at the event included Martin Scorsese, Susan Sarandon, Chloë Sevigny, Debbie Harry, Leigh Lezark, Chiara Mastroianni, David Alexander Flinn and Martha Stewart.Saint Laurent supported the 4K restoration of Belle de Jour in 2017. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    ALYX  BALENCIAGA  BALENCIAGA  BURBERRY  CELINE  CELINE  CHANEL  CHANEL HAUTE COUTURE  CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC  CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC  DIOR  DIOR HAUTE COUTURE  DIOR MEN  GIVENCHY  IRIS VAN HARPEN  MAISON MARGIELA  MAISON MARGIELA  OFF-WHITE C/O VIRGIL ABLOH  PYER MOSS  RAF SIMONS  RODARTE  THOM BROWNE  TELFAR  VALENTINO HAUTE COUTURE  LOUIS VUITTON Fast, that was. It doesn’t feel long since men’s Fall 2018 shows jumpstarted this past year’s fashion in Paris, still the unrivaled global capital of creative fashion. Looking back, 2018 was the year of super debuts: explosive new starts at major fashion brands unlike any the world has seen before. Yet here we are again, right on the horizon of another new and important season, where brands will display what’s in store for the critical Fall season. Virgil Abloh, Kim Jones, Riccardo Tisci, and Hedi Slimane were the headlines of the past year, sprawled across media platforms. But how much did these designers really change the course of fashion? Virgil Abloh had the first outing during the unending late-June heatwave. His show: Men’s, for Louis Vuitton, a mega-hype event especially considering the lightning-fast hyperbole that is today’s web era of content. The show took place in the gardens of the Palais Royal, transforming into a 700-foot rainbow-colored carpet runway. A smorgasbord of multicultural talents wore spring’s combinations of relaxed and dressed-up styles, bounded by hybrids of vest-accessory leather packs. Just two days later, Kim Jones, the newly minted designer at Dior Men, was not to be upstaged. Coming complete with a new, refurbished brand name, Jones installed a larger-than-life 33-foot floral sculpture carved in the silhouette of Mr. Dior himself, alongside his dog Bobby. This feature was created by American artist KAWS in the courtyard of the Garde Républicaine, where boys walked the circular runway in garments reminiscent of the heritage of women’s couture. We saw the Tailleur Oblique from Fall-Winter 1950, now in brown and light pink. These two super brands combined an excellence of hype and marketing ingenuity to supersize their shows, both sustained by massive budgets uncommon even of their competitors. However, the clothes shown at Abloh’s Louis Vuitton weren’t anything new with many of the dominant silhouettes previously seen frequenting the runways by the likes of Giorgio Armani and those many memorable Helmut Lang shows of the mid 1990s, even down to the vest-bags. At Dior, now rebranded Dior Men, the clothes felt too much like an intellectual dissertation of the past, particularly reinterpreting the house’s haute couture DNA for menswear, despite the discerning elegant tilts in the segment. It’s yet too early to assess the performances of these products, as they arrive in stores in February of 2019. Both at Dior Men and Louis Vuitton Men’s, the media value seemed to eclipse the actual, leading fashion quotient once expected from major designer houses. Perhaps this expectation is surely beyond what the current atmosphere is able to offer. And worse, in a way, there is less of an audience and consumer presence for the kind of innovation and experimentation fashion prevalent just two decades ago. The center of energy, now, has shifted. And luxury houses are playing catch-up at high speeds. Neither shows – Abloh’s and Dior Men – actually defined a new fashion zeitgeist, and at best, these mega shows reveal how little progress and innovation there is in current men’s fashion. Months later, in September, Riccardo Tisci debuted his revamp of Burberry, a highly digitally-connected brand that somehow lost its relevancy in recent years. Here, too, a new logo ushered a new era: the dawning of a new era with the purpose of connecting to a new audience. The first taste of products in the pre-collections promoted heavily on Instagram a few months beforehand. Off course, the former long-time Givenchy designer who rejuvenated the once-stale French house with street wits, revealed the logo during the Summer heat. The 135 looks showed in London, the biggest in recent memory, catered to practically everyone – this meant it lacked a specific vision and focus, neglecting the successes of narrower audiences. Needless to worry, the kind of fashion-forward leaning is left to the get-together with Vivienne Westwood, another English fashion icon, for a year-end drop. This new business strategy for Burberry places itself among streetwear strategies. The question remains whether Tisci can transform and widen the scope of Burberry beyond the signature print and the collaborations, such as the current Vivienne Westwood launch. But the biggest uproar of all time sure came to Hedi Slimane’s Celine relaunch, again donning new logo minus the upward accent mark, regressing back to its founding roots. Lady Gaga initiated the Celine product tease weeks before the actual show when she carried the black leather bag, named 16 – the street number of the Paris headquarters on Rue Vivienne. The anger was real and spewed spectrally across the net, armies of defendants of the old order under the regime of designer Phoebe Philo, as if real sacrilege had been committed. This happened just moments the fashion show ended inside the erected tent behind the gold dome of Hôtel des Invalides, sealing the tomb of none other than emperor Napoléon. In this rectangular tent setting, Slimane obliterated Céline to make way for Celine, with the aesthetics and styles he perfected with Saint Laurent years before but with a nod towards a slightly matured vibe. Even rock and underground club kids grow up, it seems. Slimane steered clear of any tribute to streetwear, instead offering plenty of clothes in commercial iterations beyond the garments of runway shows – things customers would fawn over: overcoats, jackets, pants, bikers, shirts, jeans, and an array of accessories made for any occasion. The point: clothes that are associated with the quiet, a fauna of identity firmly established by Slimane on the same day he showed his new wares. This was the year that Off White continued its world domination, rising to the top of the brand search at Lyst. The Abloh brand strikes a chord with its irony in hyphenating the nomenclature of consumption by actually calling and writing ­– by name, in quotation marks with labels – what each product is. The tradition spans from Marcel Duchamp calling the toilet bowl a “toilet bowl.” But Abloh has simply had a seat at the fashion table for too short a time, and his fashion career is too young for him to be basking in what works. Perhaps, he is now dependent on the nomenclatures that led to his rapid, current successes. It’s too soon for Abloh to return to them again, and again, to the few design tricks he knows without taking more risks. That leads us to this year’s stellar brand: Balenciaga. The brand that is at the intersection of, well, everything. Gvasalia’s Balenciaga cultivates the everyday, and encompasses the worship of the high fashion quotient of the house’s heritage of sculptural clothing. See the ten jackets on top of one another and the 3D-printed hourglass jackets and coats paying homage to studies on silhouettes, all worn with giant white sneakers. Gvasalia, to put it simply, has the nerves not to think about the wide divide between what separates luxury and everything else, but that there shouldn’t be a boundary in place in the first place. Erasing this frontier, he fostered products that spanned all territories, appealing to a large demographic of the consumer republic. The big news in haute couture was actually the return of very old news: the art of dressmaking became the rallying cry for the return and renewal of the artisanal arts – the raison d’être of haute couture. At Givenchy, Chanel, and Dior, the intricate and detailed inheritance within the stitching simply overwhelmed, and where mastery of techniques are unrivaled. Pierpaolo Piccioli delivered the masterpieces at Valentino, distilling the essence of couture into modern day clothing, embracing and encompassing both the poeticism and wearable nature of the clothes. At Maison Margiela, both Piccioli and John Galliano embraced what couture can be, and in their own manners of experimentation, played with the values of couture to craft different visions moving forward. Galliano’s version bordered on the feeling of lab research, but that doesn’t make his Artisanal collections any less poetic. Nostalgia and memories were not just about bringing back old skills of making client-specific clothing, in service, but to create an actual return to previously-made fashion, where the old was made anew. The year in remakes saw Prada Linea Rosso, a reinterpretation of Prada Sport, a Marc Jacobs resuscitation of his 1993 grunge collection with a pop up store, and Versace’s year-long reissue of its famous Barrocco prints, in the shapes of the original ‘90s garments. Versace’s Pre-Fall 2019 show in New York was an ode to the best known icons of the house, but this time, at the service of a new audience who had yet to experience the original versions for the first time around. In New York specifically, the dichotomy between wealthy and “kid’s” brands divided. Coach and Michael Kors produced mega shows of their own – the former transforming a Westside pier, complete with remnants of visible Americana both in the set and on the garments themselves. Michael Kors’ show looked over the Southside piers, but neither brand showed anything fresh, sticking to their recognitions, including all those sun dresses and leather bikers. While Michael Kors and Coach both emphasize immediate products over ideas, at Calvin Klein, the opposite seemed to attract. Belgian designer Raf Simons continued his meditations on what constitutes the essence of an American brand. Simons incorporated elements of pop culture, injecting garments with graphics from the movies Jaws and The Graduate. Andy Warhol screen prints could be seen in jeans and even underwear. Simons surely reaches his goal, making audiences ponder where the values of American fashion should stand. Meanwhile, in a freezing rainstorm at the Eastside pier, or in a Lower East grade school, or in a loft above a manufacturing facility or in the outer borough of Booklyn, we saw new upstart designers Telfar Clemens, the collective Vaquera, the duo Eckhaus Latta, and Kerby Jean Raymond, respectively. Each chose a show locale that corresponded to the aesthetics and thinking behind their works. Even on that story late afternoon on the very windy East River pier, or on the edge of Brooklyn late on a Saturday night, the authenticity of these designers’ missions overwhelmed any lack of resources they had access to. In fact, they are thriving; their ideas along with the products they make associated with those ideas is the most important ideology for a new vision of American fashion. Authenticity is a currency that’s hard to come by. You either have it or you don’t. Wealth and authenticity often don’t belong in the same brotherhood. But high art may not be compatible with American fashion, something that has a real heritage of sportswear, easy wardrobes – not the kind of clothes couched in sophistication, even when using the medium of pop culture. In another upheaval late in November, during a third quarter earnings call explaining the revenue decline of Calvin Klein’s brand, the corporate CEO didn’t mince his words to blame the Raf Simons and his central fashion vision in creating products that were far too expensive for their respective markets – the “fashion” component was incorrect, according to the CEO. It is difficult to discern the exact problems surrounding sales, but often it is the merchandising team whose jobs it is to translate the designer’s greater vision into commercial products at different, stratified pricing structures, then marketing to experts for sales efforts. It remains to be seen in 2019 what will transpire once the dust settles. The intersection of digital culture, modern art, streetwear, and heritage luxury comingle incessantly, each seeking legitimacy with one another in the sleuths of endless collaborations, from T-shirts to handbags, marketed in endless openings of temporary pop ups. As well, all of these suggest the waning influence of designer fashion brands where the voice of the designer is just another noise clamoring for attention among the cacophony of the contemporary fashion world. Not long ago, fashion was about specific identity. Since, designers have engulfed collections with personal meaning rather than the juxtaposition of luxury and street, and worse, the endless procurement of collaborations with any willing entity in the arts, or sports, or entertainment, has become the operating norm from startups to major fashion houses and anywhere in between. Elsewhere in the fashion landscape, is it possible that 2018 is the year of collaboration fatigue? Collabs have sprouted practically everywhere like a serial infectious disease with no cure anywhere in sight. For either collaborator, so many collaborative projects have little meaning remaining because they don’t constitute an organic communion of the two bodies. They lack meaningful projects resulting from innovation of combining strengths. Could we also call 2018 the end of streetwear ubiquity? It’s possible that at least menswear is slowly moving away from total street, but that remains to be seen. Oh, and on the subject of landscape, there were certainly memorable sceneries erected for fashion shows. Best among them were the walk in the forest at Chanel in March, complete with live and dead trees and fallen autumnal leaves on the runway. There was also the popcorn-filled American Stock Exchange, temporarily transformed into a Midwestern farm, complete with treehouses and fake white mountaintops. There was also the colorful graffiti at Balenciaga (who is also to include a digital tunnel staged for the Spring 2019 show at a television production facility on the outskirts of Paris). In 2018, consumers are keen to subscribe to the designer and the brand’s ethos thus having a unique and a singular point of view matters whether in the realms of sustainability and ethics like the use of furs that brands like Gucci have renounced. Even the recent Chanel announcement that the brand will stop using exotic skins on its line of accessories is geared more towards the values of the younger consumers that the brand is courting not only with products with shared values as the next heavy weight clients. Consumers coalesced around a brand and adopted the brand’s values and vision along with that dress or that bag. Photos courtesy of the respective fashion houses Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photos courtesy of OFF-WHITE c/o Virgil Abloh x Basquiat  Photos courtesy of OFF-WHITE c/o Virgil Abloh x Basquiat  Photos courtesy of OFF-WHITE c/o Virgil Abloh x Basquiat  Photos courtesy of OFF-WHITE c/o Virgil Abloh x Basquiat  Photos courtesy of OFF-WHITE c/o Virgil Abloh x Basquiat  Photos courtesy of OFF-WHITE c/o Virgil Abloh x Basquiat  Photos courtesy of OFF-WHITE c/o Virgil Abloh x Basquiat  Photos courtesy of OFF-WHITE c/o Virgil Abloh x Basquiat OFF-WHITE c/o Virgil Abloh just surprised us all with a new collab with Jean-Michel Basquiat work. The capsule collection brings together streetwear and tech accessories that are sure to be the ultimate Hype studs must-have stocking stuffers. The connection between Basquait’s work and the current tribe of street culture is forgone connection, Abloh admits, “Jean-Michel Basquiat is an important link to a downtown New York culture and an American Artist that laid the foundation for Off-White TM to exist today. The collection celebrates that fact.”  Along with tees, hoodies, and Track pants the phone cases with the artist’s work is sure to set off the new year in style. Though only available on OFF-White’s website as well as Paris location, Libraries LV Foundation and tomorrow at the OFF-WHITE Empty Gallery, the extended release will have to wait until 2019. See below for all the locations available for purchase starting January 12th Off-WhiteTM Hong Kong 1 Off-WhiteTM Tokyo Off-WhiteTM Singapore Off-WhiteTM Toronto Off-WhiteTM Seoul (Hyundai Main) Off-WhiteTM Hong Kong 2 Off-WhiteTM Shanghai (Reel) Off-WhiteTM New York Off-WhiteTM Seoul (Galleria East) Off-WhiteTM Melbourne Off-WhiteTM Beijing (Sanlitun) Off-WhiteTM Sydney Off-WhiteTM Kuala Lumpur Off-WhiteTM Taipei Off-WhiteTM Vancouver Off-WhiteTM Paris Off-WhiteTM Tianjin Off-WhiteTM Hong Kong 3 Off-WhiteTM Mykonos Off-WhiteTM Seoul (Hyundai Coex) Off-WhiteTM Seoul (Freestanding) Off-WhiteTM Macao (Galaxy) Off-WhiteTM Manila Off-WhiteTM Seoul (Lotte Main) Off-WhiteTM Busan Off-WhiteTM Macao (One Central) Off-WhiteTM Bangkok Off-WhiteTM Dubai Off-WhiteTM Xian Photos courtesy of OFF-WHITE c/o Virgil Abloh x Basquiat Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photography by Brooke Olimpieri  Photography by Brooke Olimpieri  Photography by Brooke Olimpieri  Photography by Brooke Olimpieri Photo by Brooke Olimpieri Local Authority has been a Los Angeles clothing brand to watch since 2014, and now, they have expanded their reach to sneakers cool enough to cruise the city in.  The company’s vintage-esque surf/rock/motorcycle style has now been encapsulated in their new and first sneaker collection released exclusively with Maxfield in Los Angeles. With the help of Mike McGlaflin, a designer who recently had a hand in projects with Zegna and Yeezy Season 6, Local Authority has created a collection of simple yet fresh luxury sneaker designs. The sneakers come in three styles: high top, low top, and slip ons. The prices range from $495 to $615, and all of the sneakers are manufactured wholly in Italy.  The Local Authority clothing line has been worn by celebrities like Kendall Jenner, Gigi Hadid, and Kendrick Lamar, and more is expected to come from this crisp and cool brand.  Photography by Brooke Olimpieri  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Converse x Vince Staples Collection  Converse x Vince Staples Collection  Converse x Vince Staples Collection  Converse x Vince Staples Collection  Converse x Vince Staples Collection  Converse x Vince Staples Collection  Converse x Vince Staples Collection  Converse x Vince Staples Collection The Converse x Vince Staples collection just dropped, available online at Converse.com and from retailers globally. The collection shows Vince’s love for contemporary California aesthetic, representing a style uniquely his own. In large part, the Converse x Vince Staples collection explores natural elements. It offers streetwear that is chic, accessible, and simultaneously practical, featuring high gloss, reflective accents, a trend featuring increasingly across footwear and apparel within contemporary fashion. The signature footwear of the collection puts this high gloss look atop a silhouette of the classic Converse Thunderbolt. But the Converse x Vince Staples collection contains signature design elements from the rapper as well. It features the “SEA” embroidery on the hoodie, orange and black colorways, and subtle graphics reminiscent of Vince’s first collection with Converse. Photos courtesy of Converse Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photo courtesy of Ply-Knits  Photo courtesy of Ply-Knits  Photo courtesy of Ply-Knits  Photo courtesy of Ply-Knits With it getting cold this winter — as cold as it can possibly get in LA — playful knits are all the rage. Carolyn Yim of Ply-knits recently released her third portrait series, Documentations of the Ordinary, in honor of the brands new collection of knitwear made at her grandmother's third-generation factory. The photo’s depict  images of models wearing the gentle, essential styles. Each piece is not only unique in design but also in the way it’s made, with knitwear  remade from recycled or dead-stock yarn. Ply-knits boasts vintage cashmeres, merinos, and silks in thicknesses 1-ply to 12-ply sourced from family mills around the world.	 Before she began her journey in fashion and art, Yim studied literature, philosophy and the arts at Columbia University. She was often fascinated by the way in which notable women across cinema, literature, and art were dressed throughout time and drew from these looks to inspire her work.  	Every collection released by Yim features a portrait series of women sporting her knitwear. Yim explains her inspiration and drive through the portrait series:  “Ply-knits’ third photo series documents four women. We look past conventional representations of outward beauty, glamour, and youth, and notice strength in other ways. Consider: women’s inner strength, polite decorum, and quiet gravitas. Or masterful wit, or long-learned expertise.  Beauty has a wide representation of age, race, and character… This is pertinent in the digital age because the pressure to look conventionally beautiful creates unhealthy distortions in selective framing, filtering, and digital enhancements. Just take one (or ten) looks at social media’s endless upward current. Presciently, Susan Sontag writes, ‘In deciding how a picture should look, in preferring one exposure to another, photographers are always imposing standards on their subjects... To photograph is to appropriate the thing photographed.’”   Sensations of the Ordinary introduces four women to the world through the lens of a camera; two artists and two models: Stephanie, Gail, Amy, and Margarita, all varying in age and ethnicity. The shoot was done over two days while the subjects were out on the street and at home. The imagery perfectly reflects the uniqueness and versatility of  the clothing. Just like the knitwear itself, the photos allow the models to shine.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Olivia Culpo  DJ Kristin Gallegos     DJ Dana Boulos    Loud Luxury  Ismael Cruz Cordova  The Bumbys  Bernd Kroeber and Abla Sophie   The Bumbys   Ismael Cruz Cordova  Olivia Culpo    Olivia Culpo and Bernd Kroeber           Antiboy      Fast away the old year passes in fa la la Los Angeles! Last night we decked the halls with broads of Hollywood, donning now their gayest apparel (head-to-toe BCBGMAXAZRIA) to celebrate The Transience Issue with fashion cause célèbre, actress, blogger, and cello-whiz Olivia Culpo. Heedless of the wind and weather, all the vixens and dancers and prancers dashed to happening Cahuenga hang Avenue, where Los Feliz Navidaddies and their Santa (Monica) babies, noses aglow and dusted with snow, danced to jingles spun by DJs Dana Boulos and Kristin Gallegos and picked up “fair appraisals of their appearance” from local wits and wordsmiths The Bumbys. In the who’s-whoville of Hollywood, we made a guest list and we checked it twice, many of them naughty, a few of them nice— Ellie Thumann, Tiffany Meia, Ismael Cruz Cordova, Dylan Brosnan, and Loud Luxury —were among the joyous crowd hanukkahnoodling and smooching under the mistletoe. As the not-so-silent night came to a close and we made off for our cozy homes, it felt like Christmas had indeed come early.  Photographed by Sean Behr & Doug Krantz Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photos by Dina Douglass  Photos by Dina Douglass  Photos by Dina Douglass  Photos by Dina Douglass  Photos by Dina Douglass  Photos by Dina Douglass  Photos by Dina Douglass  Photos by Dina Douglass  Photos by Dina Douglass  Photos by Dina Douglass  Photos by Dina Douglass  Photos by Dina Douglass  Photos by Dina Douglass On Saturday Offset of the Trap trio Migos hosted his 27th birthday at the Wilshire Ebell theater. The theme of the night was #JungleDrip, interpretations included a fusion of Versace Baroque overload, exotic animal prints and hides as well as a good helping of blinged out glitz. Joined by his brother Quavo and Take Off, along with 21 Savage, The Clermont Twins, Rae Sremmurd, Lil Yachty, Teyana Taylor, Kodak Black, Masika Kalyshia, DJ Mustard, and Trippie Redd, the scene of hip hop royalty was endless and awe inspiring. The night of booze flow and dancing was lacquered with live animals and body painted dancers who melted into the spaces well lit set design. Photos by Dina Douglass Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Still courtesy of Miu Miu Miu Miu just released the latest edition of their acclaimed ‘Girl In Miu Miu’ series featuring Flaunt fave Alison Sudol. The clip showcases key pieces from the brands Croisiere 2019 collection including their biker jacket with the hair metal motifs and plenty of coveted powder pink leopard print knits. In the M. Blash directed short the Fantastic Beasts star is seen stuck in a ‘Ground Hog Day’-day loop interacting with different variants of herself after receiving a mysterious letter that makes her reflect, laugh, and cry. Set to her song “The Quickening” from her recently released EP Moon, a grief-struck Sudol eventually rips the letter into shreds before composing a response. Her letter reads, "You, I have to admit, I was surprised to hear from you. But yes. Yes. Yes. I've missed you." As she sticks the letter outside her door and closes it anxiously, we can only imagine the inner turmoil she is going through.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Maison Kitsuné has appointed former Céline Design Director Yuni Ahn as its new Design Director, taking over the design of menswear and womenswear across all of the brand’s lines.  Born in South Korea, Ahn is a multi-talented designer with experience with companies such as Chloé, Céline, Miu Miu and Paul Smith. Most recently, she worked on the core designs of bags, jewelry and sunglasses for Céline, eventually becoming Design Director. At Maison Kitsuné—a unique brand that oversees a fashion brand, music label and coffee shops—Ahn said she will be working on bringing a fresh perspective to the collections and establishing new principles while striking a balance with what has been cultivated over the last sixteen years. “During my last year at Céline, one of my favorite places to hang out was the Café Kitsuné located in the beautiful gardens of the Palais Royal. A chance encounter with Gildas Loaëc started it all,” Ahn said in a press release. “I feel very proud to contribute to this exciting evolution for Maison Kitsuné.” Gildas Loaec, Masaya Kuroki and Yuni Ahn. Gildas Loaëc and Masaya Kuroki, co-founders of the Paris-meets-Tokyo brand, said they are both thrilled to welcome Ahn to the team to write a new chapter in its history together. “Yuni Ahn has a deep understanding of Maison Kitsuné’s current opportunities and shares the ambitions we have for our collections,” they said. “We are convinced that her talent, vision and savoir-faire will help bring the brand further success and grow Maison Kitsuné into the independent Paris fashion house we’re aiming to become.”  Ahn will show her first collection for Maison Kitsuné on January 18 at the brand’s first-ever Paris Fashion Week presentation.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photo courtesy of Bottega Veneta  Photo courtesy of Bottega Veneta  Photo courtesy of Bottega Veneta  Photo courtesy of Bottega Veneta  Photo courtesy of Bottega Veneta  Photo courtesy of Bottega Veneta  Photo courtesy of Bottega Veneta  Photo courtesy of Bottega Veneta  Photo courtesy of Bottega Veneta  Photo courtesy of Bottega Veneta  Photo courtesy of Bottega Veneta  Photo courtesy of Bottega Veneta  Photo courtesy of Bottega Veneta Bottega Veneta offers a first look at their new Pre-Fall 2019 collection, the first to be designed by  new Creative Director Daniel Lee. The collection, while chic, demonstrates the fundamental principles of the brand, highlighting what defines Bottega Veneta: respect for craftsmanship, the nobility of materials, a rich, Italian heritage. “Made In Italy” doesn’t just apply to their tags but rather to their ideology. Lee and Bottega Veneta wish to display the warmth and generosity of Italy through their clothes and accessories, playing upon the community, familial spirit of the country. This creates a streamlined form of beauty. These clothes matter less to the runway and more to the practicality of everyday life, offering themselves to a discreet breed of contemporary luxury, all while paying homage to the past. Both men and women’s clothing evoke the reality of modern dressing: playing with looser proportions, mixing the relaxed amid the formal. But Lee’s Pre-Fall 2019 doesn’t sway too far from Bottega Veneta’s longstanding traditions. The focal point of the collection is the leather, pieces using every permutation of the material. Leather is combined with delicate, true materials: wools, cottons, cashmeres and silks. The colors of the collection praise the leather, offering humble patterns of cordovan, espresso, amber, and oxblood, punctuated with subtle, heightened shades contrasted with chalk and Milanese black. Furthermore, accessories abide the clothing, not detract. Pre-Fall 2019 demonstrates fragile, minimal, almost architectural structures in its arsenal of accessories and handbags. Bottega Veneta uses the natural qualities found in raw materials to achieve such sensuality, down to the hardware: hardware on bags and belts draws on Milanese Reductionism, incorporating hammered balls and chains in attenuated golds and silvers. Daniel Lee and Bottega Veneta, through the workings of the Pre-Fall 2019 collection, wish to present personality, singularity, and identity, offering an authentic yet lifestyle-oriented wardrobe that concocts the notions of luxurious and accessible. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    SUSANNE KAUFMANN advent calendar  FENDI boots  and RIMOWA luggage.  TIFFANY & CO. vanity trunk, ROKU GIN, and  HAKU VODKA.  From top to bottom:  WELCOME HOME Lucia Berlin, EVENING IN PARADISE Lucia Berlin, WASTE NOT James Beard Foundation, LAURA OWENS Rothkopf, SURVEY Zoe Leonard, GARDENS OF STYLE Janelle McCulloch, ICONS OF STYLE A CENTURY OF FASHION PHOTOGRAPHY, and HOT MIRROR, Viviane Sassen.  BULGARI necklace and earrings.  BYREDO rose lotion and soap, HOUSE OF INTUITION love come to me and I am magicalcandles, and FLORAÏKU incense.  CARTIER necklace, bracelet, and ring.  CHANEL small vanity case.  BCBGMAXAZRIA bag and clutch.  DIOR Saddle bag and rouge Dior coffers couture collection and HEREITIC Poltergeist candle.  MODERN WEAVING earrings.   ERDEM shoes.  FENDI tote bag charm.  WILL X HENNESSY backpack and HENNESSY Master Blender Selection No. 3 Cognac.  HUBLOT Big Bang MECA-10 Ceramic Blue.  RICK OWENS Sisyphus shoes.  HERMÉS Haut à courroies bag in Togo Calfskin and Swift Calfskin.  SAWYER COLLECTION Rose Quartz-Embedded Acrylic Pillar Bookends.  DOSIST holiday kit.  GABRIELA ARTIGAS Twin Tusk Ring with Pavé and Cosmos Eternal Earrings.  ZADIG ET VOLTAIRE t-shirt.  LAGOS Smart Caviar watch bracelet  AYAKO & FAMILY apricot and damson plum jam.  KSWISS Apollo ST429.  FLORAÏKU Lily of the Valley diffuser set.  FENDI brown leather sandals, LOWELL HERB CO. gift box, and COMPELLING COFFEE ROASTERS blueprint.  HERMÈS Terre D’Hermès Eau Intense Vétiver, LILY CBD oil, MEZCAL EL SILENCIO.  The Art of Natural History: Botanical Illustrations, Ornithological Drawings, and Other Masterpieces from the Age of Exploration.  FRÉDÉRIC MALLE collection coffret.  PRADA Sidonie leather shoulder bag.  PRADA iPhone case and Pradamalia Leather keychains, and LOUIS VUITTON Tambour All Black Table Clock GMT.   BCBGMAXAZRIA shoes.  LOUIS VUITTON Trunk Clutch.  ZADIG & VOLTAIRE coat keen sherling.   REPLICA LOS ANGELES sweaters.  ZADIG & VOLTAIRE Elly sweater.  From left to right MOON JUICE Cosmic Cocoa, TREAT YOURSELF Matcha Moringa Nutrient Mask, CLAUS PORTO Gift Box Deco, TREAT YOURSELF brightening eye serum, LARQ water bottle,  SORELLI PRESENTS mystery death sweater (Lou Reed)  Assorted eyewear from VERSACE, GIORGIO ARMANI, DOLCE & GABBANA  TIFFANY & CO tic-tac-toe set and sterling silver paper cup.  TIFFANY & CO. key pendants    FASHION ORACLES cards, CLAUS PORTO AGUA GERANIUM cologne, SUGAR BEAR women’s multi, and WE’RE NOT REALLY STRANGERS game.  LE LABO Santal 26 candle, GABRIELA ARTIGAS Early Morning Candle To kick off the holidays, Flaunt has compiled some staff favorites from fashion, cosmetics, housewares and wellbeing products to get you glowing bright into the New Year. Stock up, stay warm, and play it cool. Photography by Jim Turner @JimJTurner   Art Direction by  Aitor Saumell @AitorSaumell Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019  MM6 Maison Margiela Prefall 2019 MM6 Maison Margiela launches its new Autumn/WInter 2019 pre-collection which explores the concept of letters. Taking the form of identifiable items graphic lines become letters. ‘M-A-R-G-I-E-L-A-6’ can be read out.   Tailoring is approached with the same non-conformist spirit. Imbued with the attitude of the house, suiting, jackets and waistcoats take on an ultra-modern and youthful ease, rejecting traditional notions. Dresses take on similar hybrid forms. Sometimes masculine, with oversized jacket pocket detailing, other times more feminine in sheer lace or crushed velvet.   This season, a new house classic is born: introducing the ‘6’ logo print cylindrical heel shoe. Leaving behind a ‘6’ foot imprint wherever one goes, it continues the idea of letters as garments.  Photos Courtesy of MM6 Maison Margiela     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photo courtesy of Long Nguyen  Photo courtesy of Long Nguyen  Photo courtesy of Long Nguyen  Photo courtesy of Long Nguyen  Photo courtesy of Long Nguyen  Photo courtesy of Long Nguyen  Photo courtesy of Long Nguyen I still remember clearly a phone call in the early morning of Wednesday February 5, 1997, when the caller, someone that I was working with at the time, informed me that Davide Sorrenti had passed away the previous evening. I was stunned and was so numbed that it was hard to even utter any words in response. At the time I did expect to get a call regarding Davide but it should have just been about letting me know that the prints were ready for me to pick up from the studio in the East Village on 16thStreet and 3rdAvenue. Towards the end of December we had completed a photo shoot for the March 1997 fashion issue of Detour Magazine where I was then the magazine’s style director and Davide had told me that he would finish the printing after he’d take a small holiday getaway with his family. He didn’t say where they were going but having worked with him for over a year, I didn’t have any doubt that he would turn the prints in on time.  Photo by Davide Sorrenti The week that followed that phone call was a bit of a whirlwind. Francesca and Mario selected and made the prints for the last series, I received the prints during this hectic week to go into layout, the magazine went to print on time and reached newsstands at the end of February 1997. All of Davide’s long time friends attended his wake that took place in the East Village and in the next few weeks there was a small exhibition of some of his photograph organized by his mother, Francesca.  When I received the March issue at the office, I decided to write a small tribute and hand inserted a photocopy of what I had written inside the magazine in between the pages with Davide’s last published story. I just wanted for people who did not had a chance to meet or work with him to know that he was an incredibly creative person, always questioning how things can be done differently and how things can be seen from another perspective. By inserting the letter into the magazine, I just wanted to convey that he was a very special person to those who had a chance to come into contact with him and over time getting to know him as an individual but also as a young, emerging artist.   Photo by Davide Sorrenti I wrote about the first time he came by the magazine’s office one afternoon and I didn’t know if he was delivering something. He had a thick, small notebook of pictures and drawings with him and he proceeded to relate to me the personal stories as to how these visuals came about. It was like getting to know someone immediately, not through the spoken words, not through the length and breath of time spent but through a series of pictures and drawings that seemed random at first but were in fact like words of an autobiography. He was a very perceptive person and was always very curious about everything and certainly had his own ways of doing things. When he came to deliver the prints for our first shoot, he gave me six different hard cardboard with the 8x10 black and white photos glued onto the boards.That sure was not how any photographers would deliver final print to a magazine. He had mentioned the reason he crazy glued the photos to the cardboard was because though he knew how he wanted the layout to look like, his lack of experience in magazine work made him worried I wouldn’t get the layout the way he had wanted the story to flow. I had to explain to him that this was not the case and that I had the utmost respect for how each photographer liked to see their work shown in the magazine. After this incident, the prints simply came in a Kodak 8x10 yellow box.   Photo by Davide Sorrenti As I mentioned in the documentary film, our first shoot was a guerilla style shoot that took place inside the subway system and on the active train tracks. I was more of a guard looking out for the police as we did not have any city permission and I had to also look out for trains arriving and departing so one of the guys could jump onto the tracks for the shot. For our next shoot, we decided to use a demolition site in Alphabet City as part of an outside-inside combo series. We found the site one afternoon while walking around to scout for location. On the day of the shoot, he brought a folding chair so the model girl could sit for one of the four shots.   Towards the end of 2011, a film student from Atlanta called me to say that he was interested in doing a document film on the life, art and photography work of Davide Sorrenti and asked if I would participate and if I had any materials in archive to share. At first I wasn’t even sure if he was serious but Curran persisted.  Eventually he came over with a crew and conducted a lengthy interview as he was also doing extensive interviews with Francesca, Mario and Vanina – Davide’s mother, brother and sister respectively, with his friends who formed the SKE (SeeKnowEvil) crew, with the former model and actress Milla Jovovich and James King as well as the many people who have worked albeit in his brief career as a photographer. Needless to say I think the completion of the film was a work of pure devotion and utter focus.    Premiered early this November at the DocNY documentary film festival in New York, SeeKnowEvil narrated Davide’s personal story using film archives and contributions from his friends and peers. The film portrays an individual beaming with unceasing energy despite of having Cooley’s anemia, an hereditary form of anemia that required bi-weekly, overnight blood transfusions and constant medical care. The disease made his appearance much younger than his actual age. While attending Bayard Rustin High School for the Humanities, he and his very close friends, fellow skateboarders and graffiti artists who all hung out together formed SKE (SeeKnowEvil) as a group that put up graffiti around the city. They even started a tee-shirt label called Danücht for a time, making the infamous white tee with black capital letterings MODEL SUCK. Curran was also keen on showing the harsh medical side of Davide’s hereditary condition with an interview of someone who was being treated contemporaneously, showing footages and pictures of Davide being hooked onto transfusion machines at hospitals.    Photo by Davide Sorrenti The film showed how Davide always had a small camera with him and was virtually documenting his and SKE crew’s every move late in 1994. He had access to fashion models by hanging out at his brother’s Mario fashion shootings and started taking pictures of the models on the side. The thick book he showed me was comprised of photographs he had taken without any guidance. There was also a small segment in the film showing work he’d done for an advertising client and a small denim company. It was clear to the audience that he took the pictures he wanted, despite the client’s wishes. Having worked with many experienced photographers and artists prior, I noticed he had a very specific way he liked to shoot his pictures. He wasn’t worried about the clothes, as I explained the clothes only serve a purpose to get 12 photographs printed in a magazine. The clothes acted as a vessel to make art.  He had a certain way with the models; he never explicitly instructed them, he let them settle into the pictures in their own ways. Each shoot went fast, lasting no more than four hours. It was clear that he had a specific vision and he knew how to execute it.  The film also touched on an event after Davide’s death. The New York Times published a front page story on Tuesday May 20, 1997 titled A Death Tarnished Fashion’s ‘Heroin Look’ with a photograph of Davide and work that I had done for the March 1997 issue.  People began to blame each other and painted me as the main culprit as the editor who brought forth and glamorized the look of drug addiction in magazines. Later that week, President Clinton denounced the glorification of the heroin look saying ‘it is ugly, it is not about art, it is about life and death.’   Milla Jovovich by Davide Sorrenti I stood up at the time and defended all the photographers and artists who pursued this line of creative work during that time. The concept of taking junkie pictures was foreign and strange to me. This aspect of photography in the late 90’s can be  understood through this specific atmosphere in fashion that spawned many creative endeavours. The mid 1990’s was a period of incredible creativity with few boundaries, allowing fashion designers to break barriers, realize their identity, and take advantage of their freedom. On the one hand there was the Japanese in Paris, Yohji Yamamoto and Comme des Garçons, then Jean-Paul Gaultier and Helmut Lang and the Belgians Martin Margiela and Ann Demeulemeester. On the other, there was the rise of Tom Ford at Gucci, Versace and the beginning of the cult of Prada in Milano. These are all examples of huge influences in fashion promoting how fashion can be a platform for personal transformation. Wearing certain designers wasn’t about portraying a luxury lifestyle, they gave a sense of belonging and shared values.   Although initially more underground, some aspects of the fashion world dwelled on the 90’s waif models. Their slim silhouettes seemed more natural, they wore less make-up and less constructed clothes. In this way they seemed to embrace authenticity over manufactured glamour and perfection.  For some a nearly destroyed dress, perhaps made from synthetic fabrics by Martin Margiela, seemed right while a perfectly constructed Versace, Armani or even Tom Ford’s slick and sexy Gucci felt like artifice.  Photo by Davide Sorrenti There were many different, strong voices and directions in fashion, as well as divergent roads in terms of fashion photographs. Works that were commissioned for large mainstream magazines differed greatly from the experimental platforms of independent magazines. Publications varied depending on if they were U.K., U.S. or France based. It is easy to forget today that before the advent of the Internet era and the digital age, magazines were the most important and the only vehicle for creative work as there simply weren’t any other platforms.   In a time of faux glamor and retouched images, photographers and artists like Nan Goldin turned their lenses towards a more personal and realistic version of their lives. This photographic style was also a different type of narration, used to tell a different story in the same way fashion designers were creating multiple voices.  One segment of fashion met a segment of artists who sought to convey a more personal narrative to their photographs, even in fashion magazines.  Davide’s sensibilities aligned with those who sought the same authenticity in their clothes as in the pictures they looked at or appeared in.   Photo by Davide Sorrenti In the immediate aftermath of the ‘heroin chic’ crisis, magazines under stress from advertisers had to turn up the lights in the pictures and models were required to smile. In an editorial note I wrote for the August 1997 issue, I stated that the whole concept of heroin chic was nothing but make-believe and that “the few magazine editors who work on the vanguard of fashion photography are not pushing drugs to innocent adolescent when they produce images that portray enervated models in desolate environment, instead of those with radiant smiles, sipping fresh-squeezed orange juice under the warm Florida sun. The strength of photography lies in widening its scope, not in submitting the visual to the scrim of current moral codes.”  For the December-January year end issue, I produced an entire section where all the models were smiling, some forcefully and a few with faux giggles with just a touch of humor under the title The Surrogate World. In a way SeeKnowEvil set the records straight regarding Davide’s work. Whatever the reasons for personal drug use were, they were not for the purpose of creative work and that at no time was there any intention of using drugs in order to infuse the photographs with certain feelings and moods. I was hoping that Curran’s film would illustrate this point and clarify at least a misinterpretation two decades ago. Davide’s death was a confluence of many elements merging together, his on-going blood disease and the required, time sensitive hospitalization. There was some drug use in his last year but that was not the driving force of his creativity.  SeeKnowEvil premiered overseas at the Torino Film Festival late in November with two sold out screenings.  Made to Measure is currently looking for a distributor for the national and global distribution rights.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   OFF-WHITE C/O VIRGIL ABLOH top and skirt, Y/PROJECT bracelet available at Please Do Not Enter, and MIU MIU earrings. BCBGMAXAZRIA sweater, skirt, and earrings. Sitting in the sun outside the Dream Factory LA Studio in downtown Los Angeles, digesting a champion’s breakfast of two 8 oz. Trader Joe’s French Vanilla Cold Brews and .25 mg of generic alprazolam, I am trying my best to keep cool. As someone who routinely gets tongued-tied and googly-eyed at even your not-so-above-average-looking Starbucks employee, the idea of sitting across from a former Miss Universe fills me with a special kind of anxiety I can only describe as “giddy dread.”  Waiting for Olivia Culpo to arrive, I do some unhelpful breathing exercises and go over my questions one more time; trying with each repetition to evoke the calm cadence and succinct clarity of a Michael Barbaro. While quietly practicing my pronunciations of words like “performativity” and “philanthropy,” a shiny blacked-out Range Rover pulls into the parking lot. I already know this is Culpo arriving before I can even make out her slender silhouette through the passenger side window. She has a presence that transcends tinted windows.  BCBGMAXAZRIA bodysuit, skirt, and earrings. An actress-slash-supermodel-slash-designer-slash-restaurateur-slash-‘influencer,’ Culpo occupies an unexpectedly unique place within the sphere of social(media)ites. In just one short year, Culpo went from being a small town Rhode Island teen dream with big aspirations and a freshly-inked modeling contract, to applying to her first ever pageant, to successively winning the titles of Miss Rhode Island, Miss USA, and Miss Universe 2012, being the first ever contestant from her state to do so. Since her thrust into stardom, she has stayed consistently busy with a never-ending list of creative and philanthropic endeavors. “To be honest, I was never really all that interested in pageants,” she says. “I thought of it more as a good experience to grow and learn about developing stage presence, and to use it as a platform to help people and enrich these skills I was already working towards in my time studying communications at school.”  FENDI sweater. She’s also an accomplished cellist, having performed with the Rhode Island All-State Orchestra, as well as the Boston University Accompanietta. She “loves the concertos of Lalo and Dvorák,” but “of course” she has a special affinity “for the Bach Cello Suites,” she lets me know, while playfully humming the instantly recognizable prelude from Bach’s Cello Suite No. 1 in G Major. Her hairdresser, one of the three individuals actively working on Culpo, looks visibly impressed as he is locked-in focused on a portion of hair that falls gracefully to Culpo’s jawline. “I did not know that,” he says with a smile in that distinctly generic European accent that sounds like the voice of a hair stylist. The manicurist and make-up artist say nothing.  In person, Olivia Culpo portrays a sort of aloof candidness that I find genuinely refreshing compared to the version of herself I’ve seen portrayed on her social media channels or on any of her on-camera interviews. It could be the fact that I am one of five people in the room currently interacting with her, or I’m mistaking cool detachment with general annoyance at my saying “hell yeah” or “totally” after every goddamn answer she gives, but I choose to believe I was privy to Olivia Culpo, turned off. Her posturing and presence demonstrate a sense of image control and calculated goal-oriented focus you might imagine from icons like Victoria Beckham or Tyra Banks. These traits are palpable in their intention, from her interpersonal interactions, to her overall career path. If Culpo wants something, she will make sure she gets it. She is more Michael Barbaro than I will ever be. MARINE SERRE corset available at Barneys New York, OFF-WHITE C/O VIRGIL ABLOH dress, and SERGIO ROSSI boots. As our conversation continues on to the topic of social media influence, it inevitably reveals the inherent paradoxes that exist within the relationship between an influencer’s social channel and the influencer themselves, paradoxes that Culpo seems to be at ease with. She initially states she doesn’t believe her “social channels are curated at all,” that they come “naturally and candidly,” then later refers to them as “a false reality, it’s not my real life, it’s not me, it’s my brand.” Maybe they’re both at once? Maybe she’s playing with me? As F. Scott Fitzgerald says, “The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in mind at the same time, and still retain the ability to function.” I’m starting to feel old, confused, and disconnected as the realization sinks in that there is an entire interdisciplinary industry based around this curating of social media content as some alternative form of sponsored entertainment, and, seeing that I’m out of my depth, I shift the conversation to her other plentiful pursuits.  THE 2ND SKIN CO. top, AGENT PROVOCATEUR bra, FLEUR DU MAL pants, and BCBGMAXAZRIA shoes and earrings. Luckily for me, Culpo has been active in more tangible spaces as well. In just the last year, she has released a new clothing line, her second collaboration with Marled by Reunited Clothing. She describes it as a fall capsule collection “inspired by the girl-on-the-go, playing with patterns and materials that people would be able to dress up or dress down. It was important to me that all the pieces were accessible, versatile, and feel good to wear.” She has also co-opened an “American-style comfort food” restaurant, Back 40, with her family in her home state, and made her debut as a Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Rookie, in a journey captured from start to finish by the reality show Model Squad on E!. But Miss Culpo tells me this is just the beginning. “I’ll be launching another collection with a brand soon, I just can’t talk about it yet, except that it’ll be out soon,” she says with a coy smile. In addition, she plans to release “more musical collaborations” and other “exciting new content” in the near future. She’s a one-woman creative industrial complex, and I just hope that in our own near futures, after catching up on the latest Olivia Culpo television before donning our Olivia Culpo clothes to eat an Olivia Culpo meal (taking a break from conversation to double-tap an Olivia Culpo ’gram), that we still get a chance to hear her play the concertos of Dvorák now and then. The Transience Issue Photographed  Robin Harper at Opus Reps. Styled by Mui-Hai Chu and Zoe Costello. Hair by Hair by Christian Marc using R+Co at Forward Artists.  Makeup by Liz Castellanos.  Manicure by Tracy Clemens using Chanel Le Vernis at Opus Beauty  Flaunt Film directed by Derek Milton.  Prop Stylist: Steven Valdez Styling and Production assistant: Jake Harrison Location The Dream Factory LA Studio  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    THOM BROWNE jacket, shirt, tie, shorts, and shoes.  DIOR MEN coat, shirt, shorts, and boots.  NIHL shirt and shorts and HERMÉS shoes. PRABAL GURUNG coat, shirt and pants and HERMÉS shoes.  RAF SIMONS coat, t-shirt, pants, scarf, and boots RICK OWENS pants and shoes. RICK OWENS jacket, t-shirt, pants, and shoes. PRADA sweater, shirt, and shorts. HERMÈS tracksuit and OFF-WHITE C/O VIRGIL ABLOH shoes. SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO jacket, shirt, and pants and ADIDAS sneakers. LANDLORD coat and pants and LANVIN boots. LOUIS VUITTON jacket, vest, shirt, and pants and NIKE shoes. SACAI coat, shirt and shorts and LANVIN shoes. HERON PRESTON coat, shirt, and shorts and FLORSHEIM boots. LANVIN jacket, shirt, t-shirt, and shorts and ADIDAS shoes. DYNE coat and shorts and NIKE shoes. OFF-WHITE C/O VIRGIL ABLOH t-shirt and shorts and SACAI shoes. Talent - Jordan Paris and Saul Rodriguez Photographed by Daniel Cavanaugh.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Poppy, Paula Crevoshay, 2012. Opal, moonstone, black diamond, diamond, gold. Courtesy of Crevoshay Studio. Explore the science and art behind Paula Crevoshay’s sparkling jewelry designs at the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County (NHM) in a new exhibition, Art of the Jewel: The Crevoshay Collection.  Inspired by Crevoshay’s passion for art, science and nature, NHM’s Gem and Mineral Vault  now features over 50 pieces of jewelry, from earrings to brooches, that take the form of plants, animals and insects.  “I believe deeply that all life in nature is miraculous,” Crevoshay, nicknamed the Queen of Color, said in an email. “Since I was quite small I used to be fascinated by the world around me, from butterfly to the winds to the tides to the heavens, and I've carried the awe and the mysteries of nature into my work.” Beyond simply viewing the masterpieces, visitors will learn about the natural process of mineral creation, what defines a gem and how they are transformed into the fine art jewelry we know and love. Crevoshay noted that this is what makes this particular exhibition special.  “It's so rewarding, as an artist who has been working for over 30 years using the light of the earth and the noble metals, to see the progress and evolution of my inspiration that comes directly from nature,” she said. Crevoshay’s collection of California tourmaline, Montana sapphire, moonstone, pearl, black diamond and more will be on view until May 12.  “I have so much passion and so much more to give,” Crevoshay said. “Having this exhibition at the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County, I have found new wind beneath my wings for new master works to come.” California Queen, Paula Crevoshay, 2017. A bracelet made of over 75 carats of California tourmaline. Courtesy of Crevoshay Studio. Sukumalee, Paula Crevoshay, 2018. Gold, sapphire, tsavorite, rubellite. Courtesy of Crevoshay Studio.  Lady Slipper, Paula Crevoshay, 2014. A brooch made up of a 21.46 ct natural abalone pearl, opal, sapphire, peridot, and tourmaline. Courtesy of Crevoshay Studio. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Bailey Beckstead and Nathan Browning  Caroline Daur  Deyvanshi Masrani.jpg  Isaac Hindin-Miller  Laura Baldassari and Alberto Biagetti  Olympia Scarry and Fiona Scarry    Patrick Reymond, Nathalie Fremont, Humberto Campana, Michael Burke, Laura Baldassari, Gabriele Chiave, and Alberto Biagetti   Patrick Reymond   Poppy   Sue Hostetler and Beau Wrigley   Vince Fay, Anetta Nowosielska, Kenny Chen Photos courtesy Louis Vuitton / David X Prutting / BFA.com Photography via Louis Vuitton / Joe Schildhorn / BFA.com Louis Vuitton has released three exclusive new objects for the Objets Nomades collection: Atelier Biagetti’s Anemona Table, Atelier’s Oï’s Serpentine Table, and Tokujin Yoshioka’s Blossom Vase. These pieces now stand part of Louis Vuitton’s travel-inspired, functional and fabulous furniture line, which now also includes new variations of The Campana Brothers’ Cocoon swing chair and André Fu’s Ribbon Dance chair. Anemona Table by Atelier Biagetti Blossom Vase by Tokujin Yoshioka Serpentine table-by Atelier Oï Scroll through above to see more from the cocktail celebrating Objets Nomades during Design Miami. All of these pieces are on view at both Design Miami and the Miami Design District store.  Photography via Louis Vuitton / Joe Schildhorn / BFA.com  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The plan: simple. Head to Berlin for the HUGO SS19 show. Kiss some cheeks, snap some pics, have a dance, get back to LA. But months later, and numerous efforts wagered, the bass just won’t leave. At work, on the train, in the shower. At the beach! After a consultation with a mystic on Sepulveda, a plan is established: just let that bass be. Let it wash over you, let it assume, let it thump. For life is about acceptance. As HUGO is inextricable from Berlin, so then are the megahertz from your skull. In keeping, artist Ed Fairburn creates his interpretation of the German capital, met with backstage imaging from said fabled HUGO show. Wie schön! Illustrated by Ed Fairburn Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Still from “Sexy Ghost”  Still from “Sexy Ghost”  Still from “Sexy Ghost”  Still from “Sexy Ghost” Dana Arbib of a A Peace Treaty is releasing a short film for her Resort 2019 Collection entitled “Sexy Ghost.”  Arbib was inspired by classic late 80s rom-coms, her introduction to North American popular culture when she immigrated to Toronto from Tel Aviv, Israel. She fell in love with the competent city women on screen, such as Elisabeth Shue in “Cocktail” or Linda Kozlowski in “Crocodile Dundee,” who exuded a relaxed yet elevated style.  Directed by Akin Adebowale and Arie Esiri, “Sexy Ghost” brings to life Arbib’s perfect 80s getaway. It stars British-Jamaican artist and model Phoebe Collings-James, Instagram model and influencer Samia Hampstead, and New York model Alvina Bokahari, the film follows two powerful city women at a Hampton estate they debate the validity of the story that the home is haunted by its former occupant, a “sexy ghost.” Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    69  Estudio Persona  Lauren DiCioccio  Lawrence Rothman & Floria Sigismondi  Lawrence Rothman & Floria Sigismondi  Millie Brown  Polly Morgan  Yaya Situation The culture of pop-ups has transformed from one-off store openings or chef debuts and become infantilized by the experience of the consumer. Last year, The Chronicles of LA brought us an immersive pop-up experience at the historical Barclay Hotel, featuring a wide array of artists, designers, performers, and musicians. This year is no different, as The Chronicles of LA are getting ready to return for Chapter 2, exploring the theme of SELF. Honing a diverse, female-led roster of artists, the three-day exhibition aims to give consumers a space to think, reflect on themselves, and evaluate who they are and what they stand for. This immersive pop-up experience starts tomorrow, December 7th, running through December 9th. It will feature a slate of exclusive performances and installations from over 60 artists. Presented by multidisciplinary artist James Mountford and fashion expert Leena Similu, Chronicles of LA Chapter 2 will feature a various installations, including music by recording artist Lawrence Rothman, fashion by LA-based clothing company 69, art by the likes of Polly Morgan and Millie Brown, a performance by NOLA-based writer and activist Lucy Vives, and many, many more. The experience aims at bridging the gap between artist and consumer. Attendees will have the chance to interact with the installations and converse with artists, offering much more than a dry retail experience. Guests will also be able to purchase art, clothing, and products from participating artists. The event will be held at a private location in DTLA, and those interested in attending should sign up on The Chronicles’ website, here, and check out more information about the event on the flier below. Courtesy of Leena Similu Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Sabine Marcelis  Aleali May, Caro Daur, and Sami Miro  Oscar Wang  David Alhadeff and Chris Wolston  DJ Gabby Mejia  Marina Testino  Nico Vascellari and Delfina Delettrez Fendi  Poppy  TK Wonder In celebration of Art Basel Miami Beach 2018, FENDI presented The Shapes of Water, a project by Sabine Marcelis that showcases one of FENDI’s cherished design tools: water. Inspired by the architecture of Rome and using water as a design tool, Marcelis created ten cast-resin fountains, two of which don FENDI’s FF logo. In honor of Marcelis’ work, FENDI threw a dinner on December 4th, celebrating both The Shapes of Water and FENDI’s 10th inaugural appearance with Design Miami. Last night FENDI continued the festivities hosting a cocktail. This took place at their Miami Design District store, celebrating another ten-year anniversary for the brand: their iconic Peekaboo design. The Peekaboo bag was displayed on a podium installation designed by Marcelis. Renown worldwide designers have christened the Peekaboo design with their customized icons, including Oscar Wang of China, Yang Tae O of Korea, Kichiiro Ogawa of Japan, Chris Wolston of the USA, and Marcelis herself, native of The Netherlands. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    All clothing, shoes, jewelry, and accessories by DIOR  All clothing, shoes, jewelry, and accessories by DIOR  All clothing, shoes, jewelry, and accessories by DIOR  All clothing, shoes, jewelry, and accessories by DIOR  All clothing, shoes, jewelry, and accessories by DIOR  All clothing, shoes, jewelry, and accessories by DIOR  All clothing, shoes, jewelry, and accessories by DIOR  All clothing, shoes, jewelry, and accessories by DIOR  All clothing, shoes, jewelry, and accessories by DIOR  All clothing, shoes, jewelry, and accessories by DIOR “Sometimes, women think that to make it in a man’s world, they have to change themselves somehow in order to fit it. The escaramuzas women show that this doesn’t always have to be true.  Usually, the female role in rodeo culture is there to support their husbands and their sons. But these are women who have decided they want to do it themselves and do something that is so macho while refusing to compromise their femininity,’ Maria Grazia Chiuri emphasized about her inspiration for resort just moments before a group of eight Mexican escaramuzas traditional female riders flown in from Mexico and Phoenix took to the sand in the courtyard stables of Chantilly wearing specially made white A-line cotton dresses with black lace trims and performed their perfect choreography on local white horses. Female empowerment has been a constant thread in Chiuri’s work at Dior ever since the first tee shirt she sent on the runway announcing ‘We Should All Be Feminists’ in September 2016.   As the riders paused their horses in a circular formation, an army of models followed and paraded a variety of looks centered around the clothes these Mexican women riders wore to ride their horses at rodeos - garments made of cotton or linen peplum jackets, full skirts, embroideries on hard fabrics, bright colors, large hats, silver objects as decorations and flowers.  Chiuri reinterpreted and transformed her muses’ wardrobe into a vast collection of precisely couture cut necklines flare dresses and fitted jackets made from Toile de Jouy printed with wild animals and faunas paired with ample and extravagant tulle or intricate layering of lace skirts.  Mixed within these ultra feminine clothes that endorsed the classic Dior tight waist flared skirt silhouette like strapless gowns and delicate dresses with intricate flowers embroidered in metallic threads and white layered and ruffled dresses in embroidered lace with graphic inlays were a series of men’s black tie and white shirts worn with tiered flamenco skirts or with cotton capri short pants or with an all white shirt-layered skirt cinched at the waist with a black leather waist corset belt.   Different cultures and chores can cohabitate in uncanny symbiosis in myth and reality, in fantasy and dreams, and in past and present.  The Adelita style born from the Mexican 1910-1920 revolutionary war and championed by the escaramuzas women fits perfectly as an anchor not only to the continued renewal of Dior’s heritage silhouettes but also critically to the spirit of women power enmeshed in today’s millennial mindset.  The Transience Issue Photographed by: Fabien Montique Models: Haytal Blackwood and Elecia Gordon Hair and Makeup by: Pauline Caputo Photo assistant: Théo Riou Producer: Adrien Sagnier Location producer: Billel Chickri Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Devon Windsor  Gaia Matisse  Racquel Chevremont and Mickalene Thomas  Nicole Warne  Paola Alberdi  Salomé  Sarah Calodney By Mickalene Thomas Dior celebrated a global pre-launch of Lady Art #3 yesterday at their Miami Design District boutique. The collection, during its first two installations, offered a reworking of Dior’s iconic, identity-forming handbag, propelled into fashionista exquisité since 1995. For Lady Art #3, however, the revitalization of the handbag was not a reworking: It was a reinvention. By Lee Bul At the wishes of creative director Maria Grazia Chiuri, only women were honed the honor of designing a personalized, culture-induced Dior bag for Lady Art #3, something previously unheard of in the company’s history. The artists span generations and geographies, tracing skylines of women-led artistic movements and expressions from around the world. Ballet names include Lee Bul of South Korea to Olga de Amaral of Columbia to Janaina Tschäpe of Germany. By Pae White The bags designed do not follow a common protocol because the selected artists were handed complete creative control over the iconic bag, using their definitive styles and backgrounds to shape something uniquely theirs within the Dior canon. Just take the mirroring bubbles of Haruka Kojin or the futurism aesthetic of Li Shurui as exemplary of such difference. Yet, where Lady Art #3 differs in form from artist to artist, it assimilates in ideology, bringing women from all over the world into the same room and showcasing how one commonality — a Dior handbag — can assemble similarity and shared experience across the globe.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photos by Paul Vu and BFA courtesy of Dior  Photos by Paul Vu and BFA courtesy of Dior  Photos by Paul Vu and BFA courtesy of Dior  Photos by Paul Vu and BFA courtesy of Dior  Photos by Paul Vu and BFA courtesy of Dior  Photos by Paul Vu and BFA courtesy of Dior  Photos by Paul Vu and BFA courtesy of Dior Maxfield in West Hollywood is now home to the Dior x KAWS pop up open until Dec. 26.  The pop up features an array of Dior KAWS t-shirts, sweatshirts, backpacks and denim pieces created using a Japanese Boro, a complex 17th century embroidery technique that not only adds resistance and strength to the denim, but also gives the casual pieces and splash of couture.  In addition, the iconic Saddle Bag will be featured, reinterpreted for the first time by Dior Men’s Artistic Director Kim Jones, as well as a number of Dior Oblique accessories, from bags to sneakers.  Perhaps most exciting though is the limited edition Oblique BMX bike on display in Maxfield’s Prouve House and as a dedicated window display. The bike features premium materials transparent hand guards and pedals, mirror chrome and the Dior Oblique print on mesh. For the first time, the bike comes with a special Dior Oblique-patterned aluminum case. The pop up is highlighted at Maxfield through dedicated visual installations in the Prouve House and the window display, which has a roughly 8-foot-tall structure of the KAWS bee. Inside the space, black scaffolding mirror the show space of the Summer 2019 runway. Photos by Paul Vu and BFA courtesy of Dior Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Caroline Daur and Matthew Bedard  Caroline Vreeland  Aycde  Coco and Breezy  Brocky Marciano  Tremaine Emory Prada organized an event in honor of the Art Basel Miami Beach, opening a club known only as Prada Mode that offers exclusive access to art, music, dining, conversations, and late night festivities. The club, located at Freehand Miami, serves as both an exclusive destination and a discreet retreat from the daily clamor of cultural arrangements during Art Basel. Prada Mode members received special invitations and credentials prior to the happening, good for all current and future occurrences of the club. It also features a site-specific artistic intervention by Theaster Gates. Last night, December 4th, marked the opening night of Prada Mode. The night featured DJ sets from Craig Richards, AJ Kwame, and Arman Nafeei. Notable guests included various artistic and fashion revolutionaries, including Theaster Gates, Sebastian Faena, Delfina Delettrez Fendi, and Coco & Breezy, among others. Prada Mode focuses exclusively on contemporaneity, both locally and at-large, aiming to augment the significance of global cultural gatherings at diverse locations worldwide. Photos by Marc Patrick/BFA.com courtesy of Prada Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   From Left to Right: Y/PROJECT jacket and pants available at Please Do Not Enter and DRIES VAN NOTEN top.. CHRISTIAN DADA jacket available at Please Do Not Enter, THE KOOPLES shirt, and ZANEROBE pants. From Left to Right: Y/PROJECT jacket and pants available at Please Do Not Enter and DRIES VAN NOTEN top.. CHRISTIAN DADA jacket available at Please Do Not Enter, THE KOOPLES shirt, and ZANEROBE pants. DJs Tennis and Dixon, two of the world’s foremost figures in the electronic music scene and legends of the craft by any metric you fancy, have recently begun a period of fruitful collaboration. Upcoming, artists from Life and Death and Innervisions—their respective labels—will soundtrack an “art experience” called Rakastella, to take place on the beach, demarcating the Eastern-most edge of 2018’s Miami Art Basel. This follows Los Angeles’ Secret Project: an underground music, arts, and food festival, which saw both artists take a turn behind the decks. Below, you’ll find an interview in which DJ Tennis, an Italian computer-scientist with punk roots who does actually love tennis, and Berlin-based Dixon, co-creator of a clothing line (Together We Dance Alone) and perennially ranked as the most popular DJ on the globe, trade off as interviewer and interviewee over the course of an interesting conversation about sound, social media, and what makes an event special in this era. DJ TENNIS INTERVIEWS DIXON: Why is it so important for you to create your own branded events?  Over the last couple of years we tried to achieve as much control as possible for the production, distribution, and performing of our music. We started that with our own label, followed by our own distribution, publishing, and booking agency. The final piece in that line are our own events. Why all this? We want to make as few compromises as possible.  What’s the secret to making an event special nowadays?  Dance music events outside of clubs tend to lose the key ingredients of a clubbing experience and are rather a kind of concert experience. DJs high up on stage for a short time with people watching them. Bringing the DJs, as much as possible, onto the same level as the attendees takes away the focus on the performer and puts the focus on the audience themselves, making them lose themselves in the music.  Do you consider yourself an influencer? (Not just under the musical point of view.)  The word influencer has a very bad connotation for me (or everyone?). An influencer is a person that talks about stuff he/ she has no clue about, but only an opinion. And the fact that these people have a lot of followers on social media makes their opinion not more or less knowledgeable. And knowledge should be the key for guidance. But people around me sometimes call me “Mr. Pusherman.” Because in my field of knowledge, club music, I tend to push people into new directions.  Is social media important for you? How do you use it?  As a private person I use social media as everyone else. As DJ Dixon I see my social media activities sometimes as my weak spot. Because I do think whatever you decide to do, you should do 100%. Either do it “right” or don’t do it. Having a FB and Instagram account but only “informing” people on a very sporadic basis is not what the experts would call a “perfect use of the medium.”  Describe your Burning Man experience in 3 lines.  Do  Not  Explain. CHRISTIAN DADA jacket available at Please Do Not Enter, THE KOOPLES shirt, ZANEROBE pants, and COS shoes. DIXON INTERVIEWS DJ TENNIS:  Why did you choose such a dramatic name for your label— Life and Death?  I always wanted to revisit, re-explore, and regenerate forgotten (Dead) sounds and emotion with a new approach (Life). At the time the label was born (at the end of the decade 2000-2010) the general musical output was very flat and repetitive... and I wanted to create something different.  Do you have a musical vision for your label, or does the sound of the label depend on the demos you are sent?  I rarely release the demos I receive. I rather tried to create a collaborative exploration together with the amazing artists I’ve met through the years in order to achieve a unique and deep output. It’s about the music and the feelings the relationship evokes. The label sound has always evolved, but on every piece of music there is a fille rouge which is a solid psychedelic component.  What is the meaning of the word “Rakastella”?  I was playing in Finland and heard this word a few times during a conversation with some friends. I liked the sound, and then I realized that the meaning is “making love,” and that immediately and positively won my heart.  You started to DJ quite late in your life. What did you do before that?  I’ve always worked in the music business wearing different hats—recorded soundtracks for movies, tour managed punk bands, organized concerts, and promoted electronic events. I always liked to DJ in any kind of situation, as I’ve been a record collector since I was 13 years old. I find myself digging into every kind of music with no limits.  I was always attracted by the psychology of performing music for a wide crowd and, after seeing more than 2000 different DJs and live performers in totally different environments, I realized that it was the best school for me.  I just decided to start Life and Death after sending you (Dixon) a demo track from Thugfucker called Disco Gnome—which you rejected for Innervisions—and that was how our first release happened. The label had some success, and I found myself DJing everywhere after few months.  What makes a DJ interesting for you?  The ability to earn the trust of different crowds without compromising his or her own style and taste. Photographed by Nick Green.  Styled by Hanni Fox . Groomed by Darine Sengseevong using MALIN+GOETZ at The Rex Agency. Introduction by Sid Feddema The Transience Issue Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017             Narciso Rodriguez is indeed a rare breed in the world of international fashion designers.  Rodriguez isn’t very interested in many of the accolades that most fashion designers and their respective brands strive for — namely, seeking collaborations with artists and streetwear brands to elevate their presence. Most other brands prioritize becoming relevant to new consumers and importing influencers of all kinds, from celebrities to the usual suspects with huge followings. In the past few seasons, Rodriguez has turned away from his usual mega-show in a music studio right off Hudson Yards in favor of smaller format, with fewer audience members there to view his latest creations.  True to his vision, the designer showed his twenty-look, Fall 2019 collection to an audience of about forty people, on a sunny Monday morning. By any fashion standard that’s  small audience, and perhaps the anti-thesis of fashion shows nowadays.  Rodriguez didn’t disappoint his audience this time, with his combined sharp and tailored silhouettes mixed with loose proportions and airy shapes: a sleeveless charcoal cotton dress with a dyed pattern at the front and an elbow sleeve, wool, barathea ample coat with long neck bow tie and black leather tunic, both worn with white or black, twill, cigarette pants with split ends on the bottom outer leg to allow the pants to drape beautifully over the leather boots. A short-sleeve, loose and flare, A-line cotton dress with asymmetrical charcoal dye on top and bottom trims, floated freely on the body of the model as she passed by – the movement effect enhanced by what seemed to be a slightly shorter hem in the front of the dress surely cancelled out the possible perceived weightiness of a long dress, even when made in thin cotton.  The graphic uneven dyed patterns and break the monotony of the monochrome fabrics.  Among the standouts were a slim, black, broad-shouldered, one-button, wool pant suit, a black, shiny, short-sleeve, leather dress with slight pleating at the waist, and a slim-cut, black, deep v-neck dye bias cut, silk, knee-length dress. A hint of decoration adorned a metal chain-embroidered, wool tunic paired with black satin pants, as well as an asymmetrical hem, black, wool sheath dress.  Combining loose dresses and tunics with slim pants, at times, topped with black wool coats or single-breasted jackets was the primary silhouette that anchored the show.  A casual observer may think this show is a runway transformed into a merchandising platform with models entering and leaving in the latest wares. It isn’t. It’s a master class from concept to execution of the design. It’s simply a demonstration of the technical skills rendered with the utmost degree of confidence by a designer who has honed his craft over the past two decades. Cutting, draping and design are the foundation of fashion but these skills are often lacking in many of the current crop of creative directors — the current nomenclature for fashion designers working for big houses. Rodriguez’s work is a triumph of substance over noise. It’s also the pace of his work, allowing time for ideas to foster, to transform and to evolve.  At this rate, Rodriguez fashion business model should be like that of Alaïa, the French designer who worked at his own pace, far from the maddening crowd of fashion.  Photos courtesy of Narciso Rodriguez Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    B.A.S.E.C. Photography by: Hagop Kalaidjian/BFA.com  B.A.S.E.C. Photography by: Hagop Kalaidjian/BFA.com  B.A.S.E.C. Photography by: Hagop Kalaidjian/BFA.com  B.A.S.E.C. Photography by: Hagop Kalaidjian/BFA.com  (left to right:) Kristian W. Andersen, Neville Wakefield, Tavares Strachan Photography by: Hagop Kalaidjian/BFA.com  Adarsha Benjamin Photography by: Hagop Kalaidjian/BFA.com  (left to right:) Tavares Strachan, Kristian W. Andersen Photography by: Hagop Kalaidjian/BFA.com  (left to right:) Alia Knowles, Erica Sellers, Kelly Schroer Photography by: Hagop Kalaidjian/BFA.com  (left to right:) Tavares Strachan, Kristian W. Andersen Photography by: Hagop Kalaidjian/BFA.com  Nancy Stannard Photography by: Hagop Kalaidjian/BFA.com  Rooftop Party at Soho Beach House, Miami Beach, FL Photography by: Hagop Kalaidjian/BFA.com On Tuesday, December 4th, the Code Art Fair and Copenhagen International Fashion Fair (CIFF) director Kristian W. Andersen unveiled “The Northwind Trilogy,” a three-party project curated by Neville Wakefield presenting Tavares Strachan’s art and fashion display B.A.S.E.C. The first party took place on the rooftop of the Soho Beach House in Miami Beach amid the onslaught of art, fashion, and cultural events of Art Basel Miami. B.A.S.E.C. incorporates space-age artistic expression, and is a collection of soon to be released bomber jackets designed by Tavares Strachan and made by his mother Ella Strachan and a team of women makers in the Bahamas. Just a day earlier, on December 3rd, Strachan successfully launched the much-anticipated satellite, named Enoch, from the Vandenberg Air Force Base in California, bringing to light the forgotten story of the first African-American astronaut, Robert H. Lawrence Jr.. While Strachan has a running show in Los Angeles at Regen Projects, B.A.S.E.C. will make its second and third  appearances in January of 2019, completing the tri-part experience of “The Northwind Trilogy.” The second will take place at Men’s Fashion Week in Paris while the third showcases at CIFF. Photography by: Hagop Kalaidjian/BFA.com Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                   The two Aeolian sandstone columns on the porch of the Roman era Temple of Dendur, commissioned by Emperor Augustus, was once located in the village of Tuzis south of Aswan. With their bundles of papyrus stalks and lotus blossoms rising toward the sky, an image of the sun disk at the top emerged visibly from behind a black walkway. It crossed over a shallow pond created especially to stage the annual Chanel Métiers d’art collection on the ground of the 50th anniversary of the Temple’s installation inside the Sackler Wing at the Metropolitan Museum in Manhattan’s Upper East Side.   Against the clear, starlit sky beyond the glass panels, opening to a view of Central Park, models walked around the rectangular setting that surrounded the walls of the Temple’s carvings. They depict the Egyptian pharaoh making offerings to deities Isis and Osiris and her son Horus holding the scepters and ankh, symbols of life. The models wore a gold metallic jacket with an angular, wraparound, short skirt lengthened by fine pleats; a white silk long underskirt, gold tweed classic suit with shoulder cape; and a highly ornamented knit dress with sleeveless vest – an assortment of clothes that would rival exotic garments shown on ancient Egyptian carvings, those lean and sculptural images of clothes etched in stoned now rendered sumptuously with a New York flair.  Karl Lagerfeld designates a theme each year that coalesces the craftsmanship of the many specialty ateliers. This creates and demonstrates the artisanal skills at making special clothes short of being considered haute couture. The garments are produced and distributed in the network of global stores. This annual Chanel show in early December appeared in various destinations ranging from Tokyo, Shanghai, London, Moscow, Salzburg and Rome, the first one in 2002. Sartorial traditions from Ancient Egypt meant a longer silhouette for jackets, coats, dress and knits. Some of the dress and coat looks had a white layer of gauze underskirt to emphasize the elongated columnar cut. Most are with made with sophisticated fabrics and intricate handiwork from the ateliers that Chanel has bought since 1985 and established into a separate company Paraffection since 1997.  Now, there are a total of 24 different ateliers that includes the goldsmith Goosens, the millener Michel, the floral specialist Lemarié, the embroiderer Lesage and Montex, the pleater Lognon, the boot maker Masaro, the glove maker Causse, the ornamentation and button maker Desrues, and the fabric flower maker Guillet. These artisans’ handiwork can be seen on long knit dresses made of small gold paillettes woven into the wool, a black tweed coat made of black tulle intertwined with gold threads, and tiny sequins and a white, cross straps, short dress decorated with a mélange of multicolored stones gems and metal strips.  As the modern day Tutankhamum, Pharell Williams wore a long gold knit with a trompe d’oeil necklace sown into the sweater, gold leather pants and matching boots. The ‘Pharaoh’ would be completely at home with women in colorful, long, strapless, zig zag embroidered dress, broad shouldered jackets, and coats some with a pagoda effect cape, as well as an assortment of knit dresses from Barrie, the cashmere producer in Scotland.    There were plenty of clothes for the clients sitting in different sections to pick from when they booked their appointments at the nearby Mark Hotel the day after the show.  Among the easy pickings are the boxy four patch pockets tweed jacket, the slim skirt suit with gold trims or a stripy long collar jacket, and for evenings, a beaded white long dress.   Being an ode to New York, it was inevitable that there would be a small tribute to the life blood of the city’s fashion stronghold. Streetwear was depicted in the manifestations of graffiti with hand painted, free style letterings. The logos for New York, Chanel, 29 rue Cambon, 31, Coco, Paris, and No5 were rendered in various hues of dark and sky blues or violets. Black and gold reliefs by the French painter and graffiti artist Cyril Kongo were shown on print silk blousons and skirts. XXL denim ripped embroideries were on light washed denim jacket with a shiny gold metallic knit long dress, or denim pea coat with relaxed jeans. The graffiti motif on the clothes wasn’t exactly happenstance, as there is actual graffiti on the outer wall of the Temple left by 19th century visitors who carved their names on the sandstone structure. The standout look here was the orange spray paint blouson and flare pleated dress. There’s a way of dressing down even here at Chanel.  The day before the show, the company announced the end of its use of exotic skins and furs due to the inability to find supply sources that aligned with the brand’s ethics. Instead, the brand will further research and development on textiles and leathers from the agriculture-food industries.  This move will align the ethos of Chanel with those of the younger generation of consumers who are more likely to embrace the brands that share their values. Especially in fashion, consumers care about sustainability and the impact on the environment as well as how the products are made — from the sourcing of the materials to the methods of production. Other major houses like Gucci, Burberry, and even Versace have dropped furs in the last two years.  Clothes and accessories now carry the moral standards of the brand that produced and market them.  The black alligator-like and python-like coat, biker jacket, pant and gold boots are made of stamped leather in lieu of the real thing.   Chanel is now focusing on innovations, like ways to create new fabrics. The tweed-like fabric that actually is made of intricate embroideries of cotton and wool and the utilization of all the skills of the different specialized firms the company has been acquiring in the past two decades.  Audiences globally can tune in on December 21 for a special episode of the new Netflix documentary 7 Days Out by director Andrew Rossi where the director examines the making of the Spring-Summer 2018 haute couture collections.  It will be taking audience from Karl Lagerfeld’s office to the Chanel couture work rooms and follow along on trips just north of Paris at the Ėtablissement Pantin where many of the artisans ateliers are now located in one giant modern facility.   Photos courtesy of Chanel/BFA Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Max Mara x Judy Chicago  Judy Chicago  Max Mara x Judy Chicago  Max Mara x Judy Chicago  Max Mara x Judy Chicago   Max Mara x Judy Chicago The world-renowned Italian luxury brand Max Mara will serve as the presenting sponsor of feminist art pioneer Judy Chicago’s exhibition Judy Chicago: A Reckoning at the Institute of Contemporary Art Miami. A Reckoning connects work produced by Chicago between the 1960s and 1990s, including historic and lesser-known pieces that will be on public view for the first time in decades. The exhibit aligns with ICA Miami’s commitment to expanding narratives in contemporary art by examining ideas and works not commonly associated with the iconic artist. The exhibit will be unveiled during Art Basel Miami with Max Mara’s Maria Giulia Maramotti (Global Brand Ambassador and granddaughter of the founder), ICA Director Alex Gartenfeld, and Judy Chicago herself joining in the celebration. An exclusive preview of the exhibition premiere’s today at the ICA.  Chicago, ICA’s Artistic Director Alex Gartenfeld, and Max Mara’s Global Brand Ambassador Maria Giulia Maramotti welcomed guests to Soho House Miami’s rooftop for a private dinner ahead of the exhibition. Notable guest included Maria Giulia Maramotti, Petra Levin, Nina Johnson, Jessica Silverman, Jeanne Greenberg-Rohatyn, Alberto Ibarguen, Jeffrey Deitch, Casey Fremont, Vajra Kingsley, Shari Loeffler and Marlies Verhoueven. At the event, Chicago and Max Mara’s Creative Director Ian Griffiths revealed a co-commissioned, limited edition t-shirt in honor of the partnership — the design based on Judy’s “Bigamy” card hood, boasts Max Mara’s institutional colors of camel, navy, and red. The t-shirt retails for $245 with limited units available for sale in January at select Max Mara flagship locations. Judy Chicago limited-edition t-shirt in collaboration with Ian Griffiths, Max Mara Creative Director. Judy Chicago limited-edition t-shirt in collaboration with Ian Griffiths, Max Mara Creative Director. Judy Chicago limited-edition t-shirt in collaboration with Ian Griffiths, Max Mara Creative Director.  Max Mara presents the exhibition as a part of their continual support of the arts and to women.  Photography by Carl Timpone   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photo courtesy of Versace  Photo courtesy of Versace  Photo courtesy of Versace  Photo courtesy of Versace  Photo courtesy of Versace  Photo courtesy of Versace  Photo courtesy of Versace  Photo courtesy of Versace  Photo courtesy of Versace  Photo courtesy of Versace  Photo courtesy of Versace  Photo courtesy of Versace  Photo courtesy of Versace  Photo courtesy of Versace  Photo courtesy of Versace On the cusp of the recent $ 2.1 billion acquisition completed earlier this fall by the Michael Kors Holdings Company, the Versace brand is on the move to expand, globally dropping the first anchor into New York’s financial district for its pre-fall 2019 show. The show precedes a pre-collection showing in the winter and resort line in spring, with merchandise deliveries expected in late May and November respectively. These collections are now the bread and butter for the luxury brand since the clothes stay on the retail floor at full price for the longest period of time. Versace’s chosen date of December 2nd is significant and has a specific meaning – it was the actual birthdate of the brand’s founder Gianni Versace in 1946.   Amber Valetta’s last look for the show – a long sleeve, floor length dress (with multicolor hearts cut in an extreme deep v-neck held by a below the navel broach) said it all, and said it extremely loudly. The look capped off a show devoted to the most iconic codes and signatures of the Versace fashion house. Valletta’s runway dress is an exact reproduction of the infamous green print silk dress that J.Lo wore to the Grammys in February 2000. But before she appeared to close the show, another dress that catapulted the Versace brand to global prominence appeared — a black wool slash dress. Held together by a series of gold Medusa safety pins, the dress was famously worn by Elizabeth Hurley in 1994 at the premiere of the movie Four Weddings and a Funeral. Afterward, Kaia Gerber wore a shiny silk asymmetrical skirt held by a golden pin below the navel and a cropped knit and vinyl jeans jacket.   Two different dresses reflected two breakthrough moments in Versace’s history that now converge here among the cascades of yellow and black Barocco prints, zebra prints, acid colors, shiny fabric micro dresses, and the heart prints taken directly from Jim Dine’s designs at Gianni Versace’s New York townhouse. The print looks from their spring 1996 show now appeared on silk chiffon and wool corset dresses, blouses and thigh high boots and even red and black print denim jackets and jeans for men.  It was the entirety of Versace’s iconic fashion codes and archives all merged into one collection mixed and matched for a new audience.  The menswear – a part of the business that should see exponential growth — swerved between a more classic-looking short black, broad-shouldered wool jacket and straight leg pants to a sporty faux fur zebra coat with matching zebra print shirt and shorts.  One model donned head to toe Barocco print shirt, pants, head bandanna and matching messenger bag recalled the brand’s mid 90’s silk prints shirts and black leather pants.  For a more formal look, a shiny black, white, and gold striped jacket paired with black pants and a zebra print scarf.    Clothing aside, a new range of accessories is the financial foundation of the brand and the key to its future success. There’s a reason why every model in the show carried some kind of bag — from small handbags and vinyl leather purses, carry-on rollaways, waist belted bags, leather zippered pouches, men’s white leather shopping bags to a variety of small jewelry. Golden brass earrings, bracelets, and gold watches accompanied a multitude of strapy leather heels and men’s white sneakers. The Versace logo can be seen sparsed throughout the bags and accessories or on the white short sleeve cotton t-shirt Gigi Hadid wore, featuring a print micro skirt and long back train.  Some seasoned fashion observers may view the clothes from the show retrospective. Pieces like the famous prints, curvy dresses adorned with golden pins, J-Lo’s long silk print v-neck dress, the men’s animal prints and various incarnations of embroidered and vinyl micro dresses – all conferred a real sense of heritage to what the Versace brand stands for today.  These styles, looks, and silhouettes are the genesis of the house, instantly recognizable as Versace, and timeless. There is always a new generation. Consumers today are presumably younger millennials and GenZ who had never seen these fashions when they were shown the first time around in the ’90s. For them, what was shown inside the American Stock Exchange is brand new and exciting.  It is also a new discovery, just as it was for the audience who experienced this fashion the first time around. While not all fashion can be recycled, the house is returning to its history to connect to new audiences.   The core styles of a venerable fashion brand never really out of date. Versace is a gold mine that can spring new wealth year after year, which could be why the only decoration inside the Stock Exchange was a giant hand holding a torch with flames spewing out on top, of course, painted in gold.  When all the models from the show gathered under the golden palm it was clear that this event was a winner for Versace the brand and for Donatella Versace, who has worked diligently over more than two decades to maintain that the fashion houses flame.  Now the newly strengthened business structure and direction will empower the flame to shine even brighter.  Photos courtesy of Versace Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    THE FLEUR CHOKER- SILVER THE FLEUR PUNK STUDS- SILVER THE FLEUR CIGAR BAND- SILVER  THE FLEUR CHOKER- SILVER THE FLEUR CRAWLER EARRINGS- SILVER THE BOLT HUGGIES + STUDS SET- SILVER  THE FLEUR DOG TAG NECKLACE- GOLD THE FLEUR CHOKER- GOLD THE FLEUR SPIKE DROP EARRINGS- GOLD  THE CROSS COIN BRACELET- GOLD THE FLEUR CHOKER- GOLD THE FLEUR HOOPS- GOLD  THE BOLT STATEMENT EARRINGS- SILVER THE BOLT EAR CUFF- SILVER THE BOLT HUGGIES + STUDS SET- SILVER  THE FLEUR SPIKE DROP EARRINGS- GOLD THE CROSS COIN BRACELET- GOLD THE CROSS SIGNET RING- GOLD THE FLEUR CHARM BAND- GOLD  THE CROSS COIN BRACELET- SILVER THE FLEUR CIGAR BAND- SILVER THE CROSS SIGNET RING- SILVER THE FLEUR CHOKER- SILVER THE FLEUR HOOPS- SILVER  THE FLEUR DOG TAG NECKLACE- GOLD THE FLEUR CHOKER- GOLD THE BEADED DAGGER HOOPS- GOLD THE DIAMONTE CROSS STUDS- GOLD  THE CROSS COIN BRACELET- GOLD THE FLEUR CHOKER- GOLD THE FLEUR CIGAR BAND- GOLD THE CROSS SIGNET RING- GOLD  THE FLEUR DOG TAG NECKLACE- SILVER THE FLEUR CHOKER- SILVER THE CROSS COIN BRACELET- SILVER THE FLEUR CIGAR BAND- SILVER THE CROSS SIGNET RING- SILVER THE FLEUR SPIKE DROP EARRINGS- SILVER  THE CROSS COIN BRACELET- GOLD THE FLEUR CHOKER- GOLD THE FLEUR CIGAR BAND- GOLD THE CROSS SIGNET RING- GOLD  THE FLEUR DOG TAG NECKLACE- SILVER THE FLEUR CHOKER- SILVER THE CROSS COIN BRACELET- SILVER THE FLEUR CIGAR BAND- SILVER THE CROSS SIGNET RING- SILVER THE FLEUR SPIKE DROP EARRINGS- SILVER  THE FLEUR DOG TAG NECKLACE- SILVER THE FLEUR SPIKE DROP EARRINGS- SILVER THE BOLT STATEMENT EARRINGS- SILVER THE FLEUR CIGAR BAND- SILVER THE CROSS SIGNET RING- SILVER Amanda Steele is the 19-year-old beauty and fashion entrepreneur, self-made through the Youtube platform. While beauty and fashion vlogs attribute to her success, Steele’s work in creative direction is where her true passions lie. Recently, Amanda teamed up with the bijou brand, Luv Aj, to design a 17-piece collection for the edgy yet modern-day woman. Inspired by grunge and punk-rock accessories, each piece composes a strong statement while maintaining a feminine and dainty aesthetic- embodying Steele’s charisma. The ornate, detailed charms range from necklaces to bracelets to earrings while cultivating a rocker-chic vibe. We caught up with the iconic girl-boss to get the inside scoop on her latest collaborative collection:  What inspired you throughout the creation of this collection?  Starting the process of this collection, I knew I wanted to make a perfect hybrid of tough rocker jewelry with dainty everyday pieces. My jewelry style is very specific. I love grungy, rockstar, silver jewelry. It always seemed to me that this style of accessories only came catered to men. I wanted to create a collection that embodied the style I love while keeping the modern woman in mind. The Luv Aj x Amanda Steele collection lets people express their grunge side without being too intimidated by the trend. Walk us through the collaborative design process. I first brought Luv Aj’s CEO, Amanda Thomas, a multi-paged mood-board. I had highlighted specific pieces I knew I wanted to create and added a few inspiration photos for each design. We then went over the inspirations and came to an understanding of where we wanted to go with each piece. Amanda came back to me with sketches, and from there we decided the sizes, measurements, and what pieces we wanted to sell separately or as a set. We did a few back and forth with sampling to make sure everything was how I liked, and that was it! What was it like working with Luv Aj? Amanda Thomas was so amazing to work with on this collection. She truly understood my vision and really helped bring my ideas to life. It was so incredibly fun and refreshing to work with someone who had the same vision as me. It took such little explaining for Amanda to understand what I wanted to do! Having this mutual understanding made the collaborative process reach its full potential. THE FLEUR CHOKER- SILVER THE FLEUR DOG TAG NECKLACE- SILVER THE CROSS COIN BRACELET- SILVER Tell us about your favorite pieces in the collection. My favorite piece in the collection is the Fleur choker. I always had a vision for this piece and had been wanting it a part of my jewelry collection for so long, so I am so excited to have it made. Also, the bolt statement earrings are so much fun! I find myself always putting these on, and I guess everyone loves them too; Sold out right away! The fleur hoops are my favorite everyday piece. This is so hard. I love everything!! I think every piece complements each other so well. The mix and matching possibilities are endless.  Can we expect more design work from you in the future? YES! It’s been my dream to be a designer for as long as I can remember, and the reason I started my YouTube channel. I am so beyond thankful for these design opportunities, especially now as I feel the most in touch with my style and skill. There will be much more exciting designs to come from me! This is just the beginning. THE FLEUR CHOKER- SILVER THE CROSS SIGNET RING- SILVER THE FLEUR CIGAR BAND- SILVER THE FLEUR CHARM BAND- SILVER THE FLEUR CRAWLER EARRINGS- SILVER Luv Aj x Amanda Steele collection is available at luvaj.com To see more about Amanda Steele click here. For previous Flaunt x Amanda Steele features click here and here. Photography by: Bryan Rodner Carr Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Left to Right: HUGO BOSS HUGO BOSSHUGO BOSS jacket, pants, and shirt, PIERRE HARDY boots, and vintage belt. BOTTEGA VENETA jacket,pants,and tie and SAINT LAURENT shirt and boots. DIOR HOMME jacket and pants, SALVATORE FERRAGAMO shirt, PIERRE HARDY shoes, and vintage bolo tie.  DIOR HOMME jacket, shirt, and pants , PIERRE HARDY loafers, and vintage scarf. MARNI jacket and pants, LEVI’S t-shirt, BOTTEGA VENETA boots, and vintage belt.  From left to right: ZADIG&VOLTAIRE jacket, SANDRO sweater, SALVATORE FERRAGAMO pants, DIOR HOMME shoes, and talent’s own necklace. VALENTINO turtleneck, sweater, and pants and SAINT LAURENT boots. SAINT LAURENT jacket, SALVATORE FERRAGAMO shirt, LEVI’S jeans, and PIERRE HARDY shoes . SALVATORE FERRAGAMO sweater and pants and BOTTEGA VENETA shoes. BOTTEGA VENETA jacket, sweater, pants and loafers.  Left to Right: HUGO BOSS HUGO BOSSHUGO BOSS jacket, pants, and shirt, PIERRE HARDY boots, and vintage belt. DIOR HOMME jacket, shirt, and pants , PIERRE HARDY loafers, and vintage scarf.  MARNI jacket and pants, LEVI’S t-shirt, BOTTEGA VENETA boots, and vintage belt. BOTTEGA VENETA jacket,pants,and tie and SAINT LAURENT shirt and boots. DIOR HOMME jacket and pants, SALVATORE FERRAGAMO shirt, PIERRE HARDY shoes, and vintage bolo tie.   The small basement club had set up an impromptu VIP area, complete with champagne and red velvet rope. Patrick Hetherington couldn’t even begin to guess who it was for. His band, Parcels, was lined up to play. It was their first show in France, ever. It was one of their first shows period. “We were like, ‘What is this? Who is this for?’” Hetherington says. He’s in his Berlin flat, fresh off a small French tour. “And we heard word that maybe the Daft Punk guys were coming.” Parcels, made up of Patrick Hetherington, Louie Swain, Noah Hill, Jules Crommelin, and Anatole Serret, formed in Australia, but quickly relocated to Berlin. Things started moving quickly for the outfit. “We were pretty amazed from the start about the response to like these little songs we were producing for the first time,” Hetherington says. “I kind of emailed them out to a lot of blogs and did our own little press release and we got a really cool response at first, so it was a great start.” From Australia to Berlin, and now in a Parisian basement, Parcels found themselves face-to-face with Daft Punk. Straight up gatekeepers.  “We didn’t really believe it,” Hetherington says. It was too much to take in. They just focused on playing the show. Daft Punk signed them immediately, and in mid-2017 Parcels released their single “Overnight”, produced by the electro superstars.  “It was crazy,” Hetherington says. “We were learning so much every day, and pinching ourselves at this experience, and just the way that they talk about music was a lifetime of education in a week.” As of now, “Overnight” has more than 24 million plays on Spotify. “Overnight” sounds like it could come straight off of Random Access Memories, Daft Punk’s last record, a summer-pop, disco-guitar dreamscape filled to the brim with high-profile features. The guitar tone is specifically reminiscent of “Lose Yourself To Dance”, and that sound seems to have followed Parcels to their debut album. In April of 2018, Parcels dropped “Tieduprightnow”, the first single from their upcoming self-titled album. It’s an instant summer jam—highly crafted but casual, catchy but relaxed. Where Overnight feels like it was produced by, well, robots, “Tieduprightnow” sounds like it was produced by people. The bass sounds like a person is playing it. The groove is a little more round. You can picture the five of them playing it in the studio, nodding to each other, smiling to themselves. It’s a good time. “We’re trying to make pop music,” Hetherington reminds me. “We love the idea of pop music as something that makes people feel something, in the broad definition. But, we’re not doing it in an overly commercial or highly funded or over-exaggerated way.” Here, Parcels finds themselves in a new and frankly very Los Angeles state of mind as they hone their pop image. Parcels’ entire brand is air tight, from guitar tones to graphic design to the lore of working with Daft Punk. Their sound is ‘70s disco funk, but their look is ‘60s Beach Boys—the music video for “Tieduprightnow”, for example, shows them driving around an Australian beach in a retro teal convertible. So much of the pop aesthetic is about these highly refined brand images, and we are living in a time where small bands can cultivate these packages by themselves, cheaply and effectively. Parcels does this easily, and it has nothing to do with Daft Punk. Their own website says it: “Parcels started for us as a new experimentation in image and sound…” Eventually, after moving to Berlin and finding a musical voice, they had “something to play with for the imagery surrounding it.” For Parcels, the music and the image are inextricably linked. They may have gotten a big assist from Daft Punk, but their debut album is self-produced. It’s within their own image. And it works. “It’s the first time we’re really happy with the result of our own production,” Hetherington says. “It’s something we’ve never achieved before and we’re really proud of this.” Parcels followed “Tieduprightnow” with another single, “Bemyself”. Next came “Lightenup”, another plucky ‘70s summer jam. Together, the three singles crossed 10 million listens on Spotify. This all came in anticipation of their just-released self-titled debut album, which they are touring through this year and into 2019. They’ve already sold out a few cities, including Los Angeles. “When we’ve played in LA,” he tells me, “the crowd was so receptive and really tuned-in to the subtitles of the funk. You can really feel the crowd like getting every little change that we make and stuff, in LA. So I’m excited to play there again.” And why wouldn’t LA understand Parcels? They’re underground pop. They’re an entire aesthetic unto themselves. It’s trying something new in an old form, which is a vibe LA exists on. They’re also the real thing. The brand isn’t a blatant lie or grab, it’s a synthesis of who these guys are. They’re genuine. Of the new album, Hetherington tells me, “It feels like it sums up the entire history of the band. We’ve been through all these different musical pasts individually and this brings together so many of those sounds that we’ve experimented with. It feels like our story.” Now when they take the stage, they can do so with confidence. Soon, it seems, they might be the ones playing gatekeeper.  Photographer: Max Montgomery.  Stylist: Soaree Cohen.  Groomer: Michelle Harvey using Baxter of California and Kiehl’s at Opus Beauty Flaunt Film directed by Nicole Busch “LIGHTENUP”words and music by Anatole SERRET, Jules Hendrix CROMMELIN, Louie Edward SWAIN, Noah Francis HILL and Patrick Scott HETHERINGTON© Editions Kitsuné / Warner Chappell Music France. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    JW ANDERSON sweater, skirt, and boots.  JW ANDERSON sweater, skirt, and boots. JW ANDERSON sweater, skirt, and boots. LOEWE shirt and pants, JW ANDERSON boots, and talent’s own jewelry. While countless interns were cataloguing Getty photos of the best-dressed celebrity looks from the annual Spring Met Gala, a then 25-year-old Kimberly Drew was working their dream job, as social media manager for the Met. But her spirited energy and girl-next-door warmth make the kind of person you can’t help but root for, even if there’s a fair bit of envy mixed in. The role condenses the many aspects of Drew’s practice—activism, curation, writing, and the advancement of a more inclusive museum space through highlighting artists from underrepresented groups.  Back in 2011, before she landed her role at the Met, and before the viral Instagram success she’s achieved with her @MuseumMammy account, Drew was still in college, making her way through studies at Smith. Like many of us, she made a go at stability and practicality before deciding to pursue her creative passions, switching from her original major, math, to art history with a museum studies concentration. During her sophomore year, she interned at The Studio Museum in Harlem, where she immersed herself in art and culture. But she’s always been in the art world orbit. “My aunt is an artist, and she works in city government, so I grew up seeing most of these galleries that I would later visit as an adult. There was this funny moment where I said, ‘This is what I’m going to do,’ and my aunt was like, ‘Haha, of course, you are.’ But there have always been things kind of drawing me in that direction. It was part nature and part nurture,” Drew tells me.  SIES MARJAN coat and dress, JW ANDERSON boots, and talent’s own jewelry. That same year she started a Tumblr-blog featuring underrepresented black artists, a move that allowed her to play a part as one of the vanguards in the movement to digitize art access and advance an inclusive curation, using social media as a medium that grants a “primary encounter,” as she calls it, to an audience. “When it comes to conceptualizing a relationship between art and social media I always think about it as an opportunity to say, ‘Here’s an option for you, and if you want to take it and contact the artist and figure out a way to collaborate on something, or if you want to save it on your desktop because this image makes you feel something, you can do that. I think there’s a myriad of things that can happen after that primary encounter, but for me I’m most invested in making sure that those primary encounters are splendid.”  While working on her concentration in museum studies, Drew researched ways museums use digital communication, a role that foreshadowed her job at the Met. It was during this time that the moniker @MuseumMammy was created. Partially drawn from a secret obsession with the word “mammy,” a racist archetype in media and branding (think Aunt Jemima) that permeated culture as an image for working black women from the 1820s to the 1930s, Drew wanted to repurpose and reclaim the word, as well as to pose questions how women’s roles as laborers in both public and domestic settings are understood. “I think we oftentimes are miseducated about the role of women and the role of women in domestic space and the way we conceptualize around labor. I think I’ve always been obsessed with how the name looks, how it spelled, how it sounds, and that it is such a charged word.”  The account acts as a platform for Drew to share an inside look at the world of artists, galleries, and museum shows that she works within, interspersed with inspirational content, support for up-and-coming artists from underrepresented communities, and shots that show off her sense of fashion. LOEWE shirt, and talent’s own jewelry. Drew’s unique perspective, which interrogates and advances the art and museum world while helping to connect it to the digital era, condenses many of the larger questions around the art world in the 21st century. With more ephemeral artistic mediums like media, film, and video commanding today’s art world, will these pieces hold up for generations, the way that paintings and sculptures have? For Drew, it’s all about adaptability. “There’s always an open question of, ‘Will this exist in five years?’ If you are an artist working in food, will it remain a sustainable thing to do as we are entering into a food crisis? I think that there’s a lot of ways in which the mediums in which we work will constantly change.”  Drew lets me know that her time as the Met’s social media manager is coming to an end, but that there’s much more to come: she’s wrapping up a book focusing on black creativity, The Black Futures Project, with The New York Times’ Jenna Wortham, while also planning trips to Houston and El Paso to continue artist advocacy work. Drew holds a position at the forefront of the changes reshaping the ways art is presented, artists are advanced, and the public engages with museum and art spaces, and it seems she’ll have a major role in shaping the face of things to come. And now that the Met might be hiring soon, it’s time to polish up those resumes. Photographed by Justin von Oldershausen  Styled by Noah Diaz  Hair by Kabuto Okuzawa  Makeup by Mark de los Reyes  Photo Assistant Will Cudd Photo Assistant Matt Lesman  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photos by Dan Lecca  Photos by Dan Lecca  Photos by Dan Lecca  Photos by Dan Lecca  Photos by Dan Lecca  Photos by Dan Lecca  Photos by Dan Lecca  Photos by Dan Lecca  Photos by Dan Lecca  Photos by Dan Lecca  Photos by Dan Lecca  Photos by Dan Lecca    Alexander Wang opted out of New York fashion weeks in September and February to show his Spring and Fall collections in early June and December.  This past June, on an outdoor roof deck near South Street Seaport, Wang reset his brand after a decade with a fresh start, a new logo, and a new perspective that embodied his new products. Note cards on every seat read, “Today marks a new beginning, a new identity, and a new day for my brand.” This first collection served as a meditation on Wang’s experience of growing up as an Asian-American. The rock-influenced garments of oversized jackets, coats, worn-out denims, bandanas, black leather, and chunky belts served as a testament to his childhood of absorbing MTV pop culture.  Wang’s second collection was shown in downtown Brooklyn at a converted Williamsburg Savings Bank. The night was separated into two acts; it began with a cocktail and caviar party and later moved to the basement for the show. It was obvious from the accouterments of the show; the two-dollar bill gif invite, the old bank building, servings of champagne and caviar, that it was a reflection of the hard work necessary to make it in America, and particularly in New York. Rick Ross’ “Hustlin’” played loudly for the finale, capping the mood of the struggle for both riches and prominence that the music genre rising in the early 90s. Fashion caught a similar upswing.  Self-expression via dressing oneself was a clear dichotomy in the mixtures of materials and cuts. The designs ranged from white or black sparkling wool slim to boxy jackets, paired with heavy leather long skirts, elbow gloves, lime wool mohair cardigans and corset tops with black leather aprons. Wang displayed fringed matching mohair skirts and red wool peacoats with yellow spray paint graffiti done by the New York based artist Katsu. The garments represented symbols of privilege. Preppy rugby polos were transformed into asymmetrical ribbed short dresses with red and white stripes and cut out layers. Classic tennis sweaters were mutilated into oversized deep v-neck cardigans and boat neck ribbed pullovers.  The women’s clothes looked more polished and grown up this time, and perhaps also more sophisticated than in season one. There was an apparent emphasis on the range of products for men this season. Many of the models carried vinyl, leather, and leopard printed garment bags over their shoulders which called attention to their multifaceted work-life consisting of gym and evening wear outfit changes. One of the male models wore black stretch leather running tights and a green and white striped long sleeve tee, giving the impression he was on his way to the gym. Several of the male designs consisted of tux jackets, silk boxer shorts, and cashmere coats paired with denim shorts. Many of the outfits seemed to embody the idea of wealth and reminded me of luxurious icons like Hugh Hefner. The new range of menswear product was a highlight of the show and spoke to a similar aesthetic of Wang’s knitwear capsule in 2005.  The designer has had a long, impressive journey and has come a long way since his years at Balenciaga, which surely taught him the ropes of making high fashion products. His garments are well made but can’t feel precious simply because his customers won’t buy that kind of sensibility, at least not from him. The giant golden brass W buckle leather belt is sure to be the hot accessory for fall as a new status symbol.  Photos by Dan Lecca  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017             Miami-based accessories brand, Miansai, is renowned in the Men’s category sector with Women’s quickly following suit. Since its 2008 inception, the company has organically bloomed through its global drive and demand. With a passion for raw objects of daily life, Michael Saiger [Founder and Creative Director of Miansai], elevates such objects through detail-obsessed craftsmanship paired with metals and leathers of the highest quality.  Today, the company announces their first-ever influencer collaboration in partnership with Adam Gallagher; the mastermind behind IAMGALLA, the popular Menswear blog for styling tips, trend forecasts and third party inspiration. “I’ve always thought that Adam and I shared a similar aesthetic and when we decided to launch a collaboration with an influencer he was our first choice. Together we were able to create classic, wearable everyday pieces that are fun and unique, yet timeless,” says Michael Saiger. The capsule collection features ten unique styles with sterling silver, 18K gold plated brass, genuine Italian cowhide leather, and nylon rope finishes. Retailing from $55 to $325, these styles are personal yet modern, presenting the perfect holiday gift for the upcoming season. MIANSAI X IAMGALLA is available exclusively on Miansai.com, as well as Miansai locations in New York and Los Angeles. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                               Breg Gorman, Brighty Bordeaux, Nicole Bordeaux, and Stephen Dorff                               Isaac von Hallberg & Amanda Alvarez              Time flies when you’re having fun, eh? Last night, Flaunt Magazine and Baccarat gathered some 200 friends old and new to celebrate 20 years of sexiness, silliness, style, and substance at a palatial home in the Hollywood Hills. Guests sipped Maestro Dobel tequila cocktails from exquisite Baccarat crystal (we wouldn’t toast twenty with anything less) and perused the lovely duds on display from Secteur 6, a new luxury fashion brand dedicated to social and environmental progress. Those in need of nourishment perked up with splashes of EPURI Energy and snacked on hors d'oeuvres paired with an always fabulous curation of vino from neighborhood favorite Silverlake Wine, and then moved to the dance floor, where Alix Brown, Bec Adams, Rodaigh McDonald, and Hank Korsan spun banger after banger beneath the Hollywood sign and above the shimmering city that’s been so good to us. Here’s to twenty more. Guests included: Kate Beckinsale, Charli XCX, Paris Berelc, Madelaine Petsch, Ella Mai, Briana Roy, David LaChapelle, Dita Von Teese, Kate Beckinsale, Lance Bass, B. Akerlund, James Goldstien, Stephen Dorff, Emile Hirsch, Tasya Van Ree, Lorraine Nicholson, Jack Huston, Zoe Blue Sidel, Lucia Rabisi, Draya Michele, Caroline Vreeland, FKA Twigs, Luka Sabbat, Madison Iseman, Dinah Jane, Christian Rosa, No Vacancy Inn and a host of other beautiful creatures.   Photos by Sean Behr, Phillip Faraone, and Douglas Neill  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   LOUIS VUITTON jacket and dress and LAGOS earrings. Husqvarna Vitpilen 401 bike. GUCCI dress and LAGOS earrings, bracelet, and ring. As an editor at Flaunt the job is rarely straightforward. They say jump, you say how high? If the boss says, “We’ve got confirmation on the motorcycle for the Paulson shoot tomorrow, we need to find a kitten ASAP,” you say, “What breed?” I admit, this was a tall order even for Flaunt, but come 9 a.m. the next morning I am signing adoption papers. Full disclosure, I lied to the Pasadena Humane Society. I adopted a kitten with no intention of keeping it—but don’t be so quick to judge me. Within an hour of putting that orange tabby in my car, I was holding him in my arms and crying, “I promised I wouldn’t let myself fall in love with you,” like he was the most beautiful prostitute at the Moulin Rouge.  An hour later, I arrive at the chateau-style mini-mansion anachronistically located in the heart of Koreatown, Los Angeles. I’m holed up in the foyer bathroom with the cat, keeping him well out of clawing distance from the thousands of dollars of Rodarte tulle in the hallway. There’s a knock on the door, our fashion assistant tells me Sarah wants to meet the kitten. I present him, arms outstretched with the fanfare of The Lion King. Paulson takes him in her arms. Lots of purring and awwwwws coming from both Sarah and her partner Holland Taylor; two women I’ve just about worshipped for nearly a decade. They each give him a little smooch goodbye before Sarah departs for hair and makeup. I feel like the pope just kissed my newborn son.  I meet Paulson again three days later at a restaurant in the Beverly Hills Four Seasons, this time with no livestock in hand. It’s 82 degrees, and she’s wearing a sweater, overcoat, and beanie. “I like to be cozy,” she says, calling it out before I have a chance. “I’m from New York. I’ve lived here for years but I haven’t figured out the whole LA thing.”  PRADA top available at Net-a-Porter.com, FENDI skirt, UNITED NUDE shoes, and LAGOS earrings, bracelet, and ring. We take a table outside as we both decide the restaurant is overly air-conditioned. I sheepishly pull three pages of printed notes out of my tote bag. “I know it’s dorky, I just have a lot of questions.” She looks defiant. “That’s not dorky! That’s called being prepared! What if you were like, ‘So tell me what you’ve done?” Validated, I laugh, “You’re right! Now tell me, who are you again?”  When the waiter arrives, Paulson orders a coke before she’s handed a menu.  So, how is Sarah Paulson? She is tired. “But the good kind of tired,” she assures me. “The tired you feel when you’re actually doing things. There was a real part of my career when I wasn’t tired at all because nobody was calling, so I prefer this. I feel like a bit of a worker bee. I do best when I’m in motion. I’m still finishing American Horror Story...”  She pauses as the waiter pours a bottle of Coca-Cola into her glass. Inspecting the label she says, “Original taste? How about original flavor? Taste sounds very odd to me.” Without so much as an anyways to bridge the thought, she continues, “Horror Story has always been my day job. I always know I’m going to go away for five months to work really hard with people that I love, telling a story that’s always new. We’re kind of racing against the clock trying to make airdates. The episode I directed is on tomorrow night. I just finished episode 9 on Sunday and we’re just three weeks away from that being on the air. It feels like I don’t have time to pee. Oh pee? Eat?” She laughs. There is no time for such luxuries.  GUCCI dress, Christian Louboutin shoes, and LAGOS earrings, bracelet, and ring. Paulson is certainly in a constant state of motion. Her words possess an unparalleled velocity; a bullet train she conducts with effortless precision. It’s almost hard to keep up—she’s powering through questions I haven’t even had a chance to ask. As I follow up on her first experience as a director, we are interrupted by a congenial server. Sarah asks for a plate of French fries “well done.” Having forgotten to look at the menu I order the same.  “She has such a pretty smile,” Paulson says, watching the server walk away. “I always marvel at people that just seem genuinely happy. For all I know she’s a miserable person, but she puts forward such a lovely energy. It’s just something I notice, when someone seems genuinely happy, not sort of tortured... do I seem that way? How do I seem?” Usually people have to read the article before they get an articulate answer, but I try my best on the spot. “You seem friendly and sharp. Like there’s a lot going on behind the eyes.” I’m embarrassed, but she nods, “I’ll take friendly and sharp. So, I had always wanted to direct...” I’m relieved she isn’t pressing for details. “I was always telling Ryan, ‘I want to do it, I want to do it,’ but I only ever felt I could try it for the first time on Horror Story, only because it feels like my home.”  SIMONE ROCHA dress, jacket, and headband. American Horror Story is a unique place to call home. Each season is a reimagined vignette of American, bump-in-the-night, slumber party lore; the seasons have spanned the territory of insane asylums, witch covens, circus freaks, you name it. “I can’t say enough about how lucky I got with Ryan.” Having worked with the show’s creator and producer, Ryan Murphy, since the first season of AHS, I ask her to describe their creative symbiosis. “Sometimes it’s like, why do you fall in love with someone? It’s hard to pinpoint. I feel like my and Ryan’s story is a love story of sorts, in a platonic sense and in a champion sense: having a real advocate and ally, and a deep respect and admiration for one another as human beings and all the things that involve artistry.”  Murphy offered Paulson the opportunity to direct an episode of Feud while she was in production for the heist-blockbuster Ocean’s 8. Recounting the conflict, she says, “I’m like you, I come with my notecards. There’s no way I can do that while I’m shooting something. Also to be totally transparent, that was too terrifying of a leap to make. I wanted to do something where I could put my toe in the water, but still be protected by people who were rooting for me.” Paulson’s wishes were granted in the form of AHS’s 6th episode of the newest season, entitled Apocalypse. “It was the hardest thing I’ve ever done,” she explains. “It was a confronting experience. I had to come up against a lot of parts of my personality that were really...” she smiles to herself, “impossible to ignore in that environment. But I absolutely want to do it again.” I ask her what parts of her personality she’s referring to. “Hmmm,” she says, taking a sip of coke. “Let’s just put it this way: I’m an incredibly controlling person. I have a lot of opinions and I’m not afraid to express them.”  RODARTE dress and shoes. “That bread looks like the hat Aretha Franklin wore to the inauguration,” she adds, distracted by the breadbasket, but inadvertently proving her last point. “Directing requires so much more of my brain than acting does. It’s not that I don’t use my brain as an actor, but I use more of my heart as a performer. As a director, there is a kind of positivity that you need to lead with. Sometimes I struggle with that; I might be more of a glass-half-empty person than a glass-half-full person. As an actor, I traffic around in the business from the standpoint of what my feelings are. I have my feelings and it’s an occupational hazard in a way. When you go into the real world, you can’t really behave like that, in terms of letting all your feelings guide you... I mean you can, but you might get a lot of resistance from the woman behind the counter at Starbucks when you’re weeping and asking for a latte.”  Her newest collaboration with Murphy is a show called Ratched, based off the infamous Nurse Ratched from Ken Kesey’s One Flew Over The Cuckoo’s Nest. If you haven’t read this book since high school, I will remind you that Nurse Ratched is the novel’s antagonist. Written in 1962, she exists in our canon as a metaphor for the fascistic, bureaucratic corruption of mid-century institutions like mental hospitals. A woman representing ‘The Man,’ to put it plainly in hippie jargon. “It’s a little too early for me to talk about it. I’ve only seen two scripts and we haven’t started shooting. But what I can say is that it takes place during a particular time in our country’s history, and you can’t deny that part in telling the story.” I ask her how this compares to her other upcoming, and coincidentally similar, role as a psychiatric doctor in M. Night Shyamalan’s film Glass. Due to the legendary shroud of Shyamalan secrecy, Paulson “can’t say too much about that project either.” As a longtime fan of Shyamalan’s work, particularly the Unbreakable trilogy, Paulson “accepted the role without ever seeing a script.” A script that, when she did finally see it, was delivered by hand to her hotel room via a covert messenger wearing a backpack and a baseball hat. Forbidden to reveal any details about the film itself, I ask her if she is allowed to describe her character in one word. She chooses: “empathetic.”  MIU MIU coat, SIMONE ROCHA headband, and LAGOS earrings and ring. With three upcoming projects based on novels—Ratched, Bird Box, and The Goldfinch—I ask her how it feels to embody beloved fictional characters. “Anytime you try to inhabit something that is already beloved, you always run the risk of people being disappointed.” It’s understandable. Books are such an internal experience, with characters fully forged in the flames of the reader’s imagination. That part is nerve-racking, but for Paulson, the indexical quality of a character from a book is incredibly liberating. “When you have a book to base someone on, you have all the information you need. I like rules. I like structure. I like having something to look at like a real blueprint. Within the confines of what you know is true, other things bloom. Like playing Marcia Clark...”  Marcia Marcia Marcia. I can’t really put into words the impact of Paulson’s performance as Marcia Clark on Murphy’s true- crime serial American Crime Story: The People v. O.J. Simpson it is simply a masterpiece of modern television. The fabric of Clark’s life—documented, televised, biographized (if that is a word)— gave Paulson more than a blueprint with which to build her performance. “I didn’t have to guess what year she had her first child or how long she was married. I had it all there. They became things I could turn into molecular, cellular fact, where I didn’t have to invent it. That made me feel more creative.” To say Paulson committed to the role would be an understatement. She wore Marcia’s perfume from 1995. Smoked her brand of cigarettes. Performed left-handed. Walked with a slight turn out because Marcia had been a dancer. Paulson describes the role as the most extraordinary experience of her career. The immense success of the show was merely a bonus—Paulson, in fact, refuses to watch the show. “I remember how extraordinary it felt to do it, so why would I want to sully that for myself? And I’m not usually like that, I’m much more of a scab-picker than a non-scab- picker—literally and figuratively. I told myself, ‘Let this thing live in you the way it lives in you, no matter what. Whether people like it or not; whether I was good or bad.’ I mean, I broke down like a real child when I was done. I couldn’t believe that I wasn’t going to just keep playing her. It was devastating to me that I wasn’t going to stay in that world with her.”  ERDEM coat, PACO RABANNE bodysuit, DIOR skirt, SIMONE ROCHA shoes, and LAGOS earrings. “Wow,” she says, interrupting herself. “It’s really evident that I’m really enjoying ketchup and you don’t care for it at all.” She looks meaningfully between her empty ketchup and my still- bountiful ramekin.  “Oh I’m just trying to pace myself,” I say, clearly missing her hint.  “Don’t you want to give me some of that ketchup? Cuz I’m a little afraid that I might have to get more, because all I care about is ketchup. Condiments are my life. That’s the truth. Mustard, vinegar, ketchup, sesame oil.” She dips two fries into my ketchup, “Two fries at once, see? Double bite.”  French fries. Ketchup. Coca-Cola. It seems like the right time to ask: “You’ve been in so many quintessentially “American” projects. American Horror Story, American Crime Story, Carol, and now Ratched and Goldfinch. They range from period pieces to unadulterated camp. What makes a work distinctly ‘American’?”  LOUIS VUITTON jacket and dress and LAGOS earrings. Husqvarna Vitpilen 401 bike. “It’s a very interesting question and I don’t know if I can answer it either. As a performer, I’m not in the writers room coming up with the themes of the seasons, and yet, you’re right, I do find myself in these quintessentially “American” stories. I think Americans do sort of worship American culture. The only word that comes to mind is ‘indulgence.’ I think Americans indulge in our feelings, we indulge in food, we indulge in our American-ness, for lack of a way of putting it, in our ‘we’re better than you’ superiority... and yet, as I say that I think, isn’t that such a disservice to all the other things we’ve done? I’ll probably get hate mail for saying that.”  “It might just be ‘original taste’ Coca-Cola. Selling us the ‘Real Thing?’” I offer, quoting the famous ad from 1971.  “Original taste,” she repeats with disdain. “God, it should really be original flavor. I love me a coke but I can’t get behind original taste. I really don’t know. That’s a great question, I love that question. We may need to have a follow-up conversation.” We quickly pencil in a phone call. “I have a meeting at 2, I have to pee too,” she says standing up. “Look at me. I’m covered in French fries.”  My phone rings at 10:30am the following Saturday. “Hi Sarah, how are you?” “I’m exhausted!” This seems to be a recurring theme. “I got home at 4:30 in the morning, and not from a night of debauchery and good times.” I ask, “Did you have any more thoughts on that last question I asked you?” She laughs, “No! And I knew you would ask that. I haven’t even had a moment to think! Whatever connects the brain and the spinal fluid, whatever makes you walk and talk and stand upright, those things are not operating at the highest level at the moment.”  SACAI dress, GUCCI tights, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, and LAGOS earring and rings. The night before, I had taken copious notes on the episode of Horror Story that Paulson had directed. The episode itself was ethereal and delicate, especially for a show of such renowned camp. I noted the frequent use of tilted camera angles. Like a pretentious chump, I ask, “There were a lot of German Expressionist angles in the episode. What kind of style were you going for?” She kindly corrects my lofty assessment. “I tried my best to do as much research as I could, not in terms of German Expressionism, but what I was trying to do was to go back to season one and really think about the most iconic camera angles.” As much of the episode is a return to events in the first season, her treatment was deliberate. “It was the only way to make the audience feel safe. Even if it was subconscious. I wanted them to feel they could exhale, that they were in the hands of someone who could take care of them by bringing them back to the origins.” Recalling her self-assessment as someone that leads with her emotions, I could feel this tenderness in her direction. There was a loving lens treated on each character, even as the spawn of Satan was skinning cats.  I learned a lot about Paulson from our last chat: She’s a glass-half-empty person. She’s a ‘scab-picker.’ And she loves ketchup. There is a certain streak I’ve seen in people that are constantly digging under the surface. It’s a streak of dissatisfaction with the quotidian that gives one an insatiable appetite for more information. More books, more films, more condiments. Anything to satisfy that nagging curiosity. When I present her with this idea, she says, “That’s a 100% astute assessment of what that is. I’m a consumer, and I don’t mean it in a literal sense. I’m an ‘intake’ person. It’s very fortifying for me to observe. Part of our job is to observe human behavior and reflect it back to people so they can feel less alone in the world.” She details her life-long obsession with film. “Because I was a latchkey kid, and because I was home by myself more than I wanted to be, it was probably a way to quiet that part of myself that would get very anxious or frightened. My imagination became very large in terms of how to quiet my fears. If I had to go to bed by myself before someone was home, I would imagine a metal fortress above my bed and increasing the size of it so that Freddy Kruger couldn’t hack into the place where I was sleeping. I created a world in my mind where I was safe. As a young person, my imagination was fed a lot. I never went hungry in that department.”  SACAI dress, GUCCI tights, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, and LAGOS earring and rings. In her years as a self-described ‘latchkey kid,’ Paulson lived in seven different Brooklyn apartments in the span of five or six years. “I feel like I was a transient being.” She adds, “but not by choice.” I ask an obnoxious Rorschach blot of a question: “What does the word ‘transience’ mean to you?” She mulls this over. “Well, I think of the term literally as constantly moving or changing. Isn’t that the definition?” Sitting in front of my laptop I ask, “Do you want me to look it up? I can Google it?” She kindly commands, “I want you to look it up. I want the exact definition right now.” I quickly type ‘transience definition’ and read aloud: “The state or quality of being transient? Oh geez that’s not very helpful is it?” She laughs, “No, it isn’t.” Typing feverishly, I say, “Ok, here we go! ‘Transient’—the state of passing quickly into and out of existence. Passing with only a brief stay.”  “Exactly.” She concurs with Merriam Webster. “I think of it literally because it was so much a fabric of my everyday life. As a child I moved constantly. It ended up serving me very well in my working life; the moment where you alight somewhere and then fly off. The idea of ‘hearth and home’ has only recently been of value to me. I’m 43 years old and I’m still not even in the house that I bought two years ago. It’s a very interesting word, and one that doesn’t bother me. A lot of people don’t like that feeling of shapeshifting and moving on, but I like that sensation of brevity.”  Her publicist is eager to wrap up the conversation, so I reluctantly begin my good-bye-thank-you-so-much speech. “Oh wait, wait!” Paulson interrupts. With a kawaii- sweetness in her voice, she asks, “How’s the kitty?”  “He’s been asleep on my lap this whole time. He’s been watching all your films with me. He was probably thinking, ‘Hey, I know her!’”  “Yeah, I know her!” she laughs, “I scratched the shit out of her at that photo shoot!”  The Transience Issue Photographed by Gia Coppola Styled by Mui Hai Chu Hair by Lona Vigi Makeup by Adam Breuchaud  Manicure by Tracy Clemens Flaunt Film directed by Cynical Smile Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    @jonmelson x @kielemontgmoery courtesy of MVMT  @jonmelson x @kielemontgmoery courtesy of MVMT  @jonmelson x @kielemontgmoery courtesy of MVMT  @jonmelson x @kielemontgmoery courtesy of MVMT  @jonmelson x @kielemontgmoery courtesy of MVMT   @jonmelson x @kielemontgmoery courtesy of MVMT You’ve probably seen the name in all caps permeating your social media — MVMT — pulling in your gaze with modern, beautifully crafted watches and holding your wallet hostage with unbelievably affordable pricing. MVMT is a relatively new brand, coming onto the scene about 6 years ago with an Indiegogo campaign that garnered attention from 300,000 supporters worldwide. Part of what makes MVMT stand out are the crew that work on, for and with the company — they’re completely tapped into the pulse of what’s hot and relevant. They play to the tastes of the modern worker and the thrill-seeking traveler.  MVMT co-founder, Jake Kassan, took the time to talk to Flaunt and it became immediately clear why the company has grown like it has. While discussing MVMT’s business model, Jake directed the conversation towards his employees, the people who form the company’s identity. “I think we just always wanted to be true to who we are as people behind the brand. So just telling our story, even now with 40 employees, we show behind the brand, and employees here are on our social media channel,” Jake tells me matter-of-factly. He’s trying to get across the influence that his small but growing operation plays in developing what MVMT means to us as consumers.  Comparing how his company has grown with social media, and how the brand has maintained total transparency since day one, Jake can’t help but bring up competition in the watch industry and the fashion world as a whole. “It’s an advantage compared to brands that weren’t built on this. It’s inorganic to just start posting corporate behind the scenes videos. But for us it’s really who we are. We all engage in social media, we’re all in Los Angeles. Its all very entertaining, I think it’s a genuinely entertaining story of what we’re doing here at MVMT behind the scenes as much as what we’re doing in terms of product and brand and consumer vision.” Courtesy of MVMT My next questions rolled off my tongue, out of my control like one of those chattering teeth toys. Do you cater to millennials? How are you growing your brand to play to their tastes and demands? It turns out this was somewhat misguided, because MVMT isn’t about “being exclusively millennial”. In his own words, Jake passionately describes what the company he and his partner, Kramer Laplante, built from the ground up is all about. “In terms of what resonates we often say, ‘live life on your own terms’ and I think when you take it to the core of who we — who MVMT is, who the MVMT person is as a shopper/ buyer/ fan, it’s someone who’s very passionate, who wants to go against the grain, whether it’s travel or fashion or it’s passion in a career.”  With MVMT’s presence existing primarily on social media, they have made a conscious decision to work with influencers who live a self-possessed lifestyle. Featuring names like Sam Kolder, Jake explained, it’s the company’s way of encouraging people to celebrate forgetting one’s inhibition. He elaborates, telling me that “it’s a very aspirational lifestyle that we push and is what we represent. So I think it’s a true story of how MVMT came to be and then so forth for the people that we work with.” Courtesy of MVMT MVMT has recently been acquired by longstanding name in the watch industry, Movado. This won’t affect the company’s operation, Jake insisted, but rather it will allow MVMT to pursue it’s current market on a larger scale. While musing about why Movado showed interest in such a young company, Jake presumed that they “bought us because they believe that this brand is gonna be around for decades and decades to come and that they wanna see this through and believe where we’re headed.” And if that’s the case, Movado wasn’t wrong.  A few weeks ago, the still-growing watch company released a new line, called “Arc Automatic”.  This is MVMT’s first exploration into the world of automatic watches. For those of you who still use your phone’s clock, the difference between most watches, which are run on batteries and quartz movement, and an automatic watch lies in the operating mechanisms. Using your own body’s movements to constantly wind up the watch, automatic watches not only require a higher grade of materials for production, they also are some of the most accurate time pieces on the market. For a company that offers high-quality product for lower prices, this is a big step forward. Jake tells me that aside from the prestige that comes with offering such a top shelf product, it’s exciting for him because of how this will affect his loyal and potential customers. “We’ve actually seen customers ask for automatic watches and as we’ve grown — the company’s now almost six years old — they’ve grown. They have more eclectic tastes in watches, so  it’s kind of cool to see them grow with us.” For Jake, the beauty of the market is that shoppers and followers can challenge MVMT — with what they have to offer and where they will continue to grow.  MVMT’s become a well-established company, selling customers beautiful, functional watches at a reasonable rate. But they’ve been growing and have started developing other areas of fashion wear. Offering bracelets, sunglasses, and now necklaces, MVMT wanted to provide customers with an easy way to gift shop. MVMT sells holiday gift boxes for both men and women. The men’s gift box contains a high-quality watch and a second wrist band, sometimes paired with sunglasses. For the women’s, it means a watch, and a bracelet. The combinations offered allow you to choose a set for every hat, personality, or pet you choose to sport on a given day. Courtesy of MVMT Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   For the first time ever the Dior Homme menswear line is premiering its pre-fall runway show in Tokyo, Japan. Led by the fashion house’s new creative director Kim Jones — former men’s artistic director at Louis Vuitton — the brand will tie in influences from Japanese culture. Inspired by his late August trip to Japan, the director will tap into a new level of innovation evident in the show’s teaser video displaying the city’s skyline and signature cherry blossom’s. Jones is kicking off the show with an exclusive pre-release of the Spring/Summer 2019 collection that boasts their trademark bee logo reimagined by famed street artist KAWS, now available on the brand's website.  “A fashion show in Tokyo is the best way to present and celebrate my first Dior pre-fall men’s show. Japan is a magical country that I know quite well and that I love particularly for its incredible and unique culture, history and nature, which have always been very fascinating and a great source of inspiration to me.” — Kim Jones  You can watch the Pre-Fall 2019 show here. Tune in tomorrow, November 30th, at 3:00 am PST.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Courtesy of Hoorsenbuhs  Courtesy of Hoorsenbuhs  Courtesy of Hoorsenbuhs  Courtesy of Hoorsenbuhs  Courtesy of Hoorsenbuhs  Courtesy of Hoorsenbuhs  Courtesy of Hoorsenbuhs  Courtesy of Hoorsenbuhs The California-based lifestyle and fine jewelry brand Hoorsenbuhs is dipping into the eyewear avenue. With their premiere of the eyewear collection the company is building upon the bold and classic designs that have built the foundation for Hoorsenbuhs. The designs are pure California, with the glasses being designed in the Hoorsenbuhs atelier in Santa Monica and handcrafted in downtown Los Angeles. The eyewear is constructed with 24k gold and sterling silver hardware, Japanese zyl, and a variety of colored lenses. The unisex glasses are formed into the iconic shape that has acquired their global cult following. The signature motif of the tri-links will be included in the design, representing “strength, quality, and continuous opulence”. The eyewear is retailing from $745 to $795, with the launch being at the Hirshleifers in NY and the brand new Santa Monica flagship store. Creative Chief and Designer of Hoorsenbuhs, Robert Keith, is a collector and aficionada of novelty frames found in all corners of the world. The passion of being a collector has opened a new avenue for the company creating a stunning pairing. Keith states, “it takes an enormous amount of energy and patience to bring something so intricate to life. The hardest thing in the world is to have a vision for something, and if it’s never been done, going through that process will teach you some epic life lessons to the path of actualization.” Photos courtesy of Hoorsenbuhs Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Me @haleywollens and @gabriel_held_vintage will be hawking our wares Saturday 12.1 and Sunday 12.2 from noon to 7 at 389 Grand St. come picking! Special thank you to @hesterstreetfair See you there! 📸 @powermystery flyer ms.wollens 💅🏻 If you’re into fashion and have a free sec in New York this weekend, or the money for a plane ticket for that matter, you can’t miss the opportunity to shop the looks of some of the most influential icons around. Chloë Sevingy, academy award nominated actress and fashion icon and definitive cool girl is bestowing upon us round 2 of her closet purge. This time around she’s teaming up with the skillful stylist and artist, Haley Wollens, and vintage virtuoso Gabriel Held to give NYC fashionistas a very special treat. We’ve been stalking these dream-team-member’s instagram’s to get the inside scoop of when we can get our hands on some of their styles, and now is finally the time. Make sure to stop by the Hester Street Fair on Saturday, December 1 and Sunday, December 2 to shop the sale of the century.   Expect epic vintage frocks, Miu Miu, Comme des Garçons, and Galliano era Dior to fuel your fashion dreams. Here are some dream items from the fashion trio we hope to see. #sundance2018 day one found the goods @theladybaglv mint vintage @louisvuitton in female owned business pop up in #parkcity #score #myvice #pumpssurlaplage #vivelavodka @greygoose #drinkresponsibly 🇫🇷 📸 @haleywollens #whitestrawberry 📸 @lily.ludlow Reunited with the tee I sold at a stoop sale 15 years ago. Thanks for googling my name (written on the tag) & finding me my Fiorucci guardian angel @meredith_jacobson_marciano How OLD do you THINK I am? 🤪😏 Lady with Thread #whiteecho @chloessevigny Living my lil Kim'Ron fantasy thanks to this coat from @landlordnewyork 's new faux fur capsule 💜💜💜 Only arguing with the voices in mi head can make me semi spontaneously sing Mariah...& if it feel good, do it. #lambily #baritonebaroness I can get it for you wholesale @whatfranwore  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photo courtesy of Mezcal El Silencio  Photo courtesy of Mezcal El Silencio  Photo courtesy of Mezcal El Silencio  Photo courtesy of Mezcal El Silencio  Photo courtesy of Mezcal El Silencio  Photo courtesy of Mezcal El Silencio  Photo courtesy of Mezcal El Silencio  Photo courtesy of Mezcal El Silencio  Photo courtesy of Mezcal El Silencio  Photo courtesy of Mezcal El Silencio  Photo courtesy of Mezcal El Silencio  Photo courtesy of Mezcal El Silencio Photo courtesy of Mezcal El Silencio In recent years the machismo-heavy culture in Mexico has seen a shift with a new generation of youth revolting and reclaiming their identities with the guiding will of their indigenous roots. Away are thoughts of Eurocentric idioms of brash gendered semantics, and in is the raise of Latinx culture with its activism and query of what it means to be a Mexican. Creatively there has been an influx if innovators who bring an international lens of the art world to Mexico, and especially, Mexico City. Intersecting all of the worlds of fashion, art and the gender-nonconforming space, Barbara Sanchez-Kane has been highly involved in these intersecting worlds. She recently staged a popup at Nicodim Gallery with Mezcal El Silencio, a company steeped in it’s own quest to embrace pre-Spanish heritage of distilling the ancient Oaxacan drink. This collaboration yields silver jewelry which celebrated "Macho Sentimental,” a statement which the designer used to encompass the post-gendered identity of her work. We took a moment with the designer to talk about her views on art, gender politics, and Mexico.  Photo courtesy of Mezcal El Silencio Tell me everything! Where did this begin is your background in fashion and art? I did industrial engineering for my first degree, and then I went to fashion. I went to school in Florence in Polimoda, and I graduated 2015. I came to live in Los Angeles for 9 months and I did an internship with Bernhard Willhelm and then I started my brand.  What is the root of your brand in regards to the way it is constructed and the philosophy?  Dress the “Macho Sentimental,” that is the person I dress, it is a hybrid, it does not have a sex. A person that is in touch with her feelings but is still strong, ‘sensitive strong’ I’ll say. And then I play a lot with tailoring. That’s the main part of Sanchez-Kane.  I notice Lucy all over your work how did you get involved with them? So with Latex Lucifer I was doing my AW18 show in New York fashion week and I was casting. I did not like the models that were coming in, everyone got their instagram look, and then Lucy came in.  Oh I thought you met in Mexico City! No it was in New York and I texted them, ‘Could you come?’ and he was like, ‘Ya sure!’ He is beautiful, and they actually closed my show. We did campaign pictures with Lucy and he did a performance in Mexico City Traición (the infamous Mexico City based queer party) and I lended him pieces. Now Lucy is on display in Vogue Italia his face was one of the pictures selected for that campaign. How do you feel in regards to your clothing’s place in art?  I guess fashion is a very cold environment without that extra… you need to say something with clothes, if not it would be a very fucking cold world, without fashion it is like that. I need to tell my story and the story sometimes is to have these pieces of speech inside what it should be, and with that, I put it in my runway shows. If not it would be bland. Do you feel there is a caged politics behind the way you portray the clothing? I feel yes. Sanchez-Kane is a true diary entry of my world and what I am living, so if something like political or a love affair, or love or hate, it is coming to my life so it is going to be portrayed in the clothes.  For this pop up, how did you get involved with the gallery? Through Nydia Cisneros. She has Cholas per Chulas makeup, and I met her in Mexico City. She wanted to buy some Sanchez-Kane, and she said, ‘Hey you should come to LA! I am going to produce this show,’ and it worked out  What have you been working on lately? What is in your mind in regards to the way you work with clothing?  When I did my last show, I was not ready. I am not sticking to fashion calendars to produce another collection so I was doing pop ups and some side projects. Let’s say in June, I presented what will be my Spring Summer 19 collection in Milan. Instead I did an art installation and a presentation instead of showing clothes.  What other type of creative endeavors do your feel like extending the brand into? I have been getting involved in art a lot, they invited me to something called ‘Bliss.’ Its a collective where they support women in arts. They were like, ‘I want you to do installations as an artist,’ I’m a designer you know, but I am kinda getting towards that way. Doing art installations, it can be a sculpture, it can be a video… I did one in this gallery a month ago called Archivo. I did an installation talking about what will happen in the future in Mexico City when we are 28 million and there is no landscape to build, so I did a floating house with this architect Solto. So I am getting involved in this world, and Mexico City, it’s a lot of people from around the world coming to live here, and there a lot of artists. It is a good clash. Photo courtesy of Mezcal El Silencio Photos courtesy of Mezcal El Silencio     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    BALENCIAGA sweater, dress, and necklace.  CHRISTOPHER KANE dress and ALIGHIERI bracelet.  CHRISTOPHER KANE dress and ALIGHIERI bracelet.  MOLLY GODDARD dress, MIDNIGHT 00 shoes, and ARA VARTANIAN earrings.  ROKSANDA shirt available at Matchesfashion.com and ARA VARTANIAN earrings.  ROKSANDA shirt available at Matchesfashion.com and ARA VARTANIAN earrings.  ROKSANDA shirt available at Matchesfashion.com and ARA VARTANIAN earrings.  LOUIS VUITTON jacket, shirt, pants, and belt and ARA VARTANIAN ring.  ROKSANDA shirt available at Matchesfashion.com and ARA VARTANIAN earrings. ROKSANDA shirt available at Matchesfashion.com and ARA VARTANIAN earrings. “New mothers are a silent tribe of warriors,” actress Jenna Coleman tells me, just a few minutes after her arrival for our meeting in London’s bohemian Soho neighborhood. She’s effortlessly pretty—deep brown eyes, a winning smile, chestnut hair and striking brows. The words, she explains, are not hers but those of a close friend: a new mother she spoke to ahead of filming her latest drama, The Cry. Whilst Coleman, a youthful 32-years-old, is not a mother herself, she already knows a thing or two about motherhood: playing the titular queen in television series Victoria, she’s already given birth on screen not one, but seven times. “Seven babies, nine altogether,” Coleman laughs. “Two more to go yet!” Her role as new mother Joanna in The Cry is one of Coleman’s most controversial to date. A psychological thriller based on the novel by Australian author Helen Fitzgerald, the drama is already winning praise for its unflinching portrayal of motherhood. In the early episodes of the program, Coleman’s character struggles to adapt to the manifold challenges that motherhood brings. “She’s lost her identity,” Coleman says of Joanna, a new mum whose ideas of motherhood prove at odds with the reality. More truth is needed, Coleman says, about portrayals of mothers—and women—on our screens.  “There’s so much pressure on it being the most beautiful, precious, and special time of your life. If you don’t treasure every minute of it, then somehow you’re a failure. The reality is wildly different,” Coleman says, matter-of-factly. The two characters Coleman plays—Queen Victoria and new mum Joanna—couldn’t be further apart. Yet playing each emphasized to Coleman the differences in the way modern society treats new mothers compared to the past. “In the Victorian era if you had a baby, you had to go into confinement for a month to help your body to recover, and people helped you with the transition into motherhood. Now, you can literally be out of the hospital in six hours and you’re left to it. In our society, perhaps we need to be more open to how much of a challenge it can be…we need greater empathy.” MOLLY GODDARD dress, MIDNIGHT 00 shoes, and ARA VARTANIAN earrings. Fans of Coleman jumped to conclusions recently when a picture of the star pushing a pram was posted on social media. When I mention the story, Coleman turns scarlet with embarrassment. “I’m not insane, I promise… I was practicing,” she tells me, staring down at her white sneakers. Coleman hadn’t given birth—to help immerse herself in character, she took a pram out as she went shopping. The preparation didn’t end there either: she visited a midwife at a hospital, spent extensive time with children on set, and emailed all of her friends with children in the hope of garnering as many experiences as she could. “Each of their experiences was so completely different,” Coleman says, explaining how nervous she was before filming began. “There’s this primal bond between a mother and a child. I emailed my friends and was like, ‘I’ve taken on this part and I really feel like I’m not…’” her voice trails off. “In the prep I definitely felt a growing pressure. The fact that I’d taken on a mountain hit home.” While her performance has been widely praised for its realism, Coleman tells me she had fears about authenticity, not being a mother herself. She reels off the questions she asked her friends: “What does it feel like? What are your hormones doing? What does the lack of sleep do to you? What’s the day-to-day like?” We’re sitting alongside each other on a comfy sofa-seat inside a private members club in Soho on a sunny autumn afternoon. Dressed in a smart pinstriped dress and sneakers, Coleman often traverses the formal and the informal. Her answers are thoughtful and considered, and she’s exceedingly modest: when I mention how she is often described as “driven,” she angles her head away, turns scarlet once more and winces. “It feels like there’s something ruthless about it,” Coleman says of the term “driven”—her demeanor demonstrating that she’s anything but. “I used to balk at it.” After we talk about it at length, Coleman concludes that the reason she is so uncomfortable with the term comes down to portrayals of women in the media. Just as her latest character Joanna is vilified by the media for being a “bad mother,” women who seem ambitious or career-driven still attract similar criticisms. “I don’t think being described as driven is anything that you should be ashamed of—that you love your job and want to keep doing it, that you really value it and want to explore it… yet for some reason, I always felt like being described as ‘driven’ or ‘determined’ was a dirty word.” LOUIS VUITTON jacket, shirt, pants, and belt and ARA VARTANIAN ring. “I think I just perhaps need to own that, and not actually see it as a bad thing and be proud of the fact that I’m passionate about my job and that’s okay.” She looks down at the floor again, as if she only half believes it. “I shan’t apologize anymore,” she tells me, mimicking the regal voice of Queen Victoria. “I love how I’ve just said that in the most polite way possible…I need to stop apologizing.” Part of the apologizing may come down – at least in part – to her working class background and education. Growing up in Blackpool, a seaside town in the north of England, Coleman began her first professional acting role aged just 18, in the long-running British soap opera Emmerdale. It was an inspirational drama teacher, Mr. Snell, who encouraged her to pursue acting, giving her practical advice and support through a self-funded theatre company run via her school. “Without him, I wouldn’t have known where to begin. We operated as a semi-professional theatre company in between school and holidays. We’d do all the props and set up ourselves…and travelled just anywhere it would take us; the shows would eventually pay for themselves. That kind of experience was invaluable. I’ve definitely not taken the traditional route, that’s for sure.” Since then, she’s worked continuously in a number of increasingly high-profile roles, including as Doctor Who’s assistant on the long-running cult sci-fi television show and Lydia in the Pride and Prejudice spin-off Death Comes to Pemberley. But despite her rapid ascent, Coleman admits she still struggles with feeling unqualified, which she pins on her unorthodox path to acting. “I definitely feel a hole from having not been to drama school,” she tells me. “I still don’t feel qualified in any sense.” This is remarkable for an actress who is regularly acclaimed for her work. Next year, for the first time since being a member of Mr. Snell’s theatre company, Coleman is heading back to theatre for a leading role in Arthur Miller’s All My Sons, alongside Sally Field and Bill Pullman, in London’s West End. “It definitely doesn’t feel like a muscle I’ve flexed in a while,” Coleman says when I ask about her preparation and rehearsals. They’ll begin next year, after a rest and some time to stand still. “It’s an unknown, and I’ve got the fear,” Coleman says about the role. “But it’s a good fear,” she quantifies, laughing.  CHRISTOPHER KANE dress and ALIGHIERI bracelet.  Coleman draws parallels between her role in The Cry and All My Sons, speaking about the depth and nuance of both roles. “There’s so much to play with under the veneer again…it’s like you’re playing chess but you’re playing chess with one of the most emotionally traumatic and scarring experiences that someone can go through,” she says of The Cry, after a dark secret is revealed mid-series. Is investing so much in characters with such emotional weight exhausting? Yes, she says, but she knows how to switch off. “Once you get into a filming schedule it takes over and you go home, you switch the lights off and you go to sleep… because the role was such an emotional marathon, I somehow trained myself to be light in between takes. Otherwise it would be like walking through mud all the time.” Coleman tells me, through a deep sigh, that characters like this don’t come around very often. “It’s been really eye opening. I’ve realized there are not many places I can say I’ve seen it on television before,” she says of struggling mum Joanna. Scripts depicting age-old stereotypes of women are still more likely to land on her desk.  “I think there’s definitely a movement of people wanting to see everyday society reflected in film and television, and I definitely think there’s need for such a movement. But for every decent script that I’ve read, I’m still sent ten scripts that are very much ‘the girlfriend’ or ‘girl next door’ roles that revert to type. This is why The Cry felt really exciting. When you read a script and there’s so much going on between the lines, it’s invigorating.” As a young actor auditioning for roles, Coleman made dozens of audition tapes, shifting between hundreds of identities, often feeling in a perpetual transient state. The idea of doing more film work soon is attractive to her, not least because it allows stability. “There’s something about a film where you can research it and immerse yourself for longer. There’s one director, one piece, one telling of a story. I think there’s something nice about that.”  We walk downstairs to the streets of Soho. Coleman dons a checked winter mac, stepping out into the strange autumnal sunshine. She tells me she is looking forward to standing still for a time and, crucially, not giving birth on-screen for a few months until Victoria has her next two. “No more babies. I’ll babysit my friends’ children for a little while, but then happily give the child back,” she beams, before walking off to her next audition.  Photographed by Owen Reynolds.  Stylist: Anna Foster  Hair: Leigh Keates  Makeup: Liz Pugh Film  by Inigo Berron Film Edited by May He Music by Billy Lemos 12:34 AM  Location: Leman Locke Hotel Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   GIORGIO ARMANI jacket, TOMMY HILFIGER sweater, and DAVID YURMAN necklace. ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA COUTURE jacket, shirt, and pants. Can you remember the last time you saw a camcorder? One of those big, hunking things that you’ve got to grab with two hands and hold up to a squinting eye? Right now, there’s a good chance you have a phone in your pocket that can produce images of far better quality. These machines aren’t exactly ancient, but they’re still a kind of modern antique, formerly ubiquitous, part of the texture of everyday reality, now long gone. Seeing one today, you might think about how advanced we had thought we were, how far we have come in such a short time, how far we may still have to go.  I saw a camcorder recently, for the first time in at least a decade, at a photo shoot in the Brooklyn Navy Yard. As I walked into the room, full of fellow millennials checking their iPhones, the incongruity of the antiquated device struck me immediately. And then I see the man the camera was filming, another incongruous sight here in the second decade of the 21st Century: the ’80s action star, He-Man himself, Dolph Lundgren.  LANDLORD X ALPHA INDUSTRIES jacket, LOUIS VUITTON shirt and pants, and DAVID YURMAN ring. Lundgren stands on a rotating platform before an orange backdrop, under heat and light, looking like an action figure in a microwave. He’s not an old man, but he seems to have stepped out of a bygone era, when muscle-bound hunks filled the multiplexes, gunning down everyone in sight. That sort of action movie, that variety of masculinity, those violent, patriarchal values: millennials surely remember all that, too. It’s all laughably out-of-step with the values of today, unless they come with a tongue firmly planted in-cheek, as in The Expendables series, which happened to have resuscitated Lundgren’s Hollywood career after a decade in direct-to-video limbo.  I remember the first time I saw Lundgren. I was at home in the middle of the day, too sick to go to school. A basic cable channel was running a Rocky marathon, and I watched the whole thing. Although he speaks only nine lines of English, Lundgren plays one of the most iconic villains of the series: Ivan Drago, the looming, silent Soviet boxer who beats Apollo Creed—Rocky’s rival-turned-mentor—to death at the opening of the fourth installment of the series. During the shoot in Brooklyn, as Lundgren flexes and repositions himself, his mechanical movements reminded me of a scene in Rocky IV, where Russian scientists use computers to measure Ivan Drago’s heart rate and punching power (an inhuman 2000 psi). Rocky IV was what Lundgren called his first “real picture”; thirty-three years later, he will appear as Drago again in Creed II, his 70th role.  Lundgren glowers like the professional villain he is, menacingly twisting his pinky ring. Then, all of a sudden, he rolls his eyes and sticks out his tongue, and the room breaks into laughter. He chit-chats amiably with the makeup artists, talks lovingly about apartment-hunting with his daughter. He cheerfully inquires about the camcorder, as surprised as I by its presence. When the shoot wraps, he compliments everyone and poses for Instagram pictures. And when we hop into an Uber back to Manhattan, I find myself conversing with a thoughtful, open individual, nothing like the macho man persona of his movies.  ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA COUTURE jacket and LANDLORD sweater. At another shoot, a month later, I mention that I recently met with Lundgren, and the photographer immediately exclaims, “Oh! The smartest guy in show business!” That’s no exaggeration—Lundgren had a full-ride scholarship to earn a Ph.D. in Chemical Engineering at M.I.T., but he dropped out to pursue a career in acting and modeling, spurred by his girlfriend at the time, none other than the archetype of badass ’80s femininity, Grace Jones. He tells me about the time he took Jones to visit M.I.T. “I had a big black Yamaha 1200 motorcycle, and she was on the back. I wasn’t even wearing a shirt, just leather pants. I don’t think the professors expected that of their Swedish star student. I was going through security at LAX a couple of years back, and some guy ahead of me in a suit says, ‘Hey are you Dolph Lundgren? I’m the M.I.T. professor who approved your application.’ I told him I was sorry I couldn’t continue, but he said he thinks I did OK.”  LANDLORD X ALPHA INDUSTRIES jacket and LOUIS VUITTON shirt. Lundgren pursued chemical engineering, he tells me, largely because of his father, with whom he had a strained relationship. “My dad was an electrical engineer and an army officer, so I did both. I studied in the military and I wanted to impress him, I guess to get his love, probably, and his approval.” In Creed II, Ivan Drago is now a father himself. That’s what convinced Lundgren to overcome his apprehension about revisiting the character and to take the role. “I heard about it from Stallone two years ago. He told me, It’s about the sin of our fathers,” Lundgren says, doing a solid impression of the Italian Stallion. “I kind of liked that. Even though I hadn’t read the script, it reminded me of my father.”  A month after Creed II hits theaters, Lundgren will star in another picture, as another father, King Nereus, in Aquaman. Although it’s a superhero fantasy, the role hit close to home for Lundgren, as the father of two daughters. It was also an opportunity to branch out, after a career in shoot-em-up and punch-em-down pictures. “For me, it’s a chance to play a dramatic role, without doing any action, no beating people up,” he laughs, adding a caveat: “I do shoot a few people, but not too many.”  FILA jacket and ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA sweater. Crawling the streets of Manhattan in the Uber, we discuss violence in movies and how it differs from violence in real life, and Lundgren opens up once more about his personal trauma. “In my youth, as a teengager, I had a lot of pain because of my father and what happened to me. You know, he was quite abusive. Martial arts gave me a way out of that. Not just to feel stronger. There’s a meditative aspect to the martial arts. It teaches you inner strength. You don’t think, you don’t worry, because you’re in the moment. It’s like meditating. I think that’s what saved me, to some extent. But it doesn’t really resolve the trauma, because you’re kind of hijacking it to become a good fighter, to become an actor. Now I use therapy and meditation to resolve the conflict within myself.”  I ask Lundgren if he has any advice, after half a lifetime in the movies. He strongly recommends psychotherapy, for everybody, but particularly for people in show business. “You have an antidote for feelings of rejection, self-loathing, self-criticism, all of those things that we all suffer from. But especially in the business of being a performer—you’re very susceptible to that and exposed to it. Have something spiritual in your life and have something that deals with your emotional life.”  It’s not exactly what I expect from Ivan Drago or He-Man. But if you ask me, confronting your trauma so openly, baring your emotions so plainly, is far more manly than punching harder than anyone else has ever punched. It’s also a sign that Lundgren is a dynamic actor and person. As the culture has evolved, so has he. Though he still gets to shoot a few people, when he needs to.  The Transience Issue Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photo courtesy of Hermès  Photo courtesy of Hermès  Photo courtesy of Hermès  Photo courtesy of Hermès  Photo courtesy of Hermès  Photo courtesy of Hermès Hermès x Lucy Sparrow Holiday Window Thanksgiving is the perfect time to begin holiday celebrations, once the whole family gathers and feasts on the grand meal, some might run off for a drink, other’s may nap. Though for any fashion fiend a stroll to see holiday window displays always provided the ultimate visual post-meal treat.  Hermès x Lucy Sparrow Holiday Window This year Hermès celebrated the launch of their Beverly Hills flagship's window display with the help of British contemporary artist Lucy Sparrow who installed her felted creations at the famed luxury leather temple. One window featured a claw crane constructed out of wool, with the highly coveted leather bags camouflaged in a pile of detailed wool replicas. A candy display in another window presented large vessels filled to the brim with woolen confections to highlight the selection of iconic enamel jewelry.   Hermès x Lucy Sparrow Holiday Window Sparrow's work of crafted felt and wool is sure to delight passerby’s. She believes, “felt will be the perfect vehicle to convey the true holiday spirit and excitement of this time of year. I want for people to stop walking in their tracks and notice the display and be intrigued to find out more. It’s supposed to capture the playful nature of the felt.” The collaboration between Hermès and Lucy Sparrow is a perfect match playfully honoring craft and intricacies with a touch of the surreal. Photos courtesy of Hermès  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO dress, boots, and earrings.   SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO dress and earrings.  VERSACE coat, top, and belt. Undeniably luminous in a grey sweatsuit and Gucci sneakers, 17-year old Luna Blaise sits down with me on set to discuss music, the industry, and our  mutual love/hate relationship with Los Angeles and New York. At Luna’s request, “Bohemian Rhapsody” plays softly in the background while she and her mom, Angelyna, gush over Freddie Mercury and the new biopic. Singling along, not missing so much as a syllable, a short intermission takes place to sip on her vanilla latte.  As the shoot commences, Luna requests a music change- David Bowie. “Space Oddity,” adds queue; “Ziggy Stardust,” adds to queue; “Under Pressure,” adds to queue. In sync to Bowie’s tracks, she twirls around in the first look- head to toe Saint Laurent- reminiscent of a Studio 54 scene. Attempting to play it cool, Blaise can’t help but crack a joke in front of the lens, endlessly entertaining the set crew.  Between shots and makeup retouches, Luna and I sit down- allowing me to pick her brain on topics of James Franco, Jacob Sartorius, and her passions in music and acting. Radiating a deep yellow aura, she’s not only a free spirit but a multi-faceted creative. With infinite aspirations, Luna makes a clear distinction that contentment is her main objective.  VERSACE coat, top, skirt, and belt. How did you decide to pursue acting from a young age? Well, both of my parents are in the entertainment industry. My dad is a director, and my mom is a producer, so I always grew up on sets. My parents tried to keep me away from it as much as possible, but as a little girl, I always wanted to go on the stage and perform for people. I think it was around the age of eight, I really had a voice, and I realized I wanted to do this. I wanted to be on TV, and movie screens. So my parents took that and said, “Okay, if you like it, stick with it, but if you don't like it, you can stop at any time.” I ended up doing it, and I loved it. I did commercials for a long time and auditioned a bunch, but it’s was hard, people hustle. As a kid, I didn't know what the hustle was, but I was doing it. I was auditioning all the time, and at 11, I booked the show that I was on for five years, Fresh Off the Boat, on ABC. I grew up on that show; I was on it from 11 to 17. I wasn't a series regular, so I was still auditioning all the time. I never thought anything of it; I was going, going, going, and at 17, I stopped Fresh Off the Boat. Then, I booked Manifest, and now that's my life. I'm very, very fortunate and lucky that I've been able to work from 11 on. You experienced a breakthrough in the 2013 film Memoria, what was that experience like for you? I was so little; I was 11, and everyone else in that movie was much older. It was pretty crazy. I didn't appreciate it enough at the time because I was so young, but being in a James Franco film is pretty cool. Filming that, I came to understand what acting is: portraying someone else and bringing them to life. If you see the movie, it's totally not who I am in any way, but that's what I love about acting. And then, you either leave that character behind and never think about them again, or you can have them with you all the time. I learned a lot from Memoria. Being surrounded by older people like James and everyone; it taught me a lot. But it was funny, going from that straight into Fresh Off the Boat, a comedy family show. You made your television debut with Fresh Off The Boat and went on to win a Young Artist Award for your role as Nicole. How has that role influenced you as an actress? The last season that I was on, my character came out as gay, and that was incredible. I felt honored because our showrunner is lesbian, and I was portraying her story, and I felt completely honored to be able to do that. I feel blessed to be able to be on such a historic show. It was the first show in I think 80 years to have an all Asian cast practically (Margaret Cho's All-American Girl was the last show featuring an all Asian cast 1994-1995). To be on that show for five years is amazing. As I said, you can either keep the character forever, or you can let go of it. I played Nicole for five years so she will be in my heart forever. In my last episode on Fresh Off the Boat, it showed a montage throughout the years on the show, and it was amazing to see us all grow alongside each other. They're all family at this point.  More recently, you’ve been working on the NBC Sci-Fi mystery drama Manifest. What is your role as Olive like in comparison to Nicole? It's completely different. Nicole was very sassy, very confident, and she had a darker edge. What they have in common is they know what they want. With Nicole, she could get what she wanted. With Olive, she knows what she wants, but doesn't always get it. I've never played a character like Olive before, who struggles with depression and anxiety. I'm super lucky with everything that I do and to be able to portray a character that touches people like that is enriching. How did you find inspiration to portray that vulnerability? As a teenager, I think everyone struggles with some form of depression or anxiety. But, I find additional inspiration through what I watch. I take from books, movies, other TV shows, and people in my life. I take that and put it into one character; sometimes it’s a challenge having to cry every day- which I do, but, you know, that's part of the process! It's part of what I have to do, and I'm super lucky. The show [Manifest] has taken off in a way that we had no idea. We’re taking it day by day, and we're fortunate to have such a strong platform and an incredible cast and crew. It's dope, and I hope that we get a second season. SIES MARJAN coat and shoes. When you’re not filming or working on music, what are your days like? I’m sleeping. I slept 15 hours in one day last week. I turn down my blinds, turn my phone off, and hibernate; I need sleep. I’m either eating, sleeping, or trying to do yoga, but usually not. Your music career jump started about a year ago; how did you decide to delve into music and explore that industry? I fell in love with songwriting. It's a passion of mine even though I can't get into the studio 24/7. With my music career, I’m letting it do its thing. Of course, I still have songs that I want to put out, and I need to get back into the studio, but it’s hard managing everything. Songwriting is one part of music that I do all the time. I’ve had to get acclimated and wrap my head around the fact that I now live in New York; so now I have to start finding studios, and all the stuff that’s in my usual schedule. I’m going back to LA now; hopefully, I'm able to get back on the grind, which I've kind of lost track of in the music world. It's fun being able to tell a story, with acting and singing, but in entirely different ways. With music, you’re telling your story, and with acting, you’re telling someone else's.  A couple of years ago, you gracefully dealt with an Instagram fury of hate comments post “Sweatshirt” music video with Jacob Sartorius. How did you push through that? Honestly, it's funny now. I just thought of it as a job! Jacob is one of my best friends now, and we've totally grown from whatever that was. Those girls were crazy, and it's funny because I thought, “These girls have so much time to hate me, so I'm going to make them love me,” and that's what I did. I turned most of those haters into fans; I get comments every single day saying, “I used to hate you, but I love you know.” Haters are your number one fans, and I love it. They dove into everything to try and bring me down, and I confronted it by saying, “If you guys aren't going to like me then just stop because I'm not going to notice you or care about what you say. But, if you give me a chance, maybe I can make you like me.” I definitely still have haters because that comes with having any platform, but it doesn't even phase me, to be honest; it’s just natural now. If you've got hate in your career, it's okay; not everyone is going to love you.  SIES MARJAN coat. Do you hope to follow your father's footsteps and direct? I really do. I don't know if I’ll ever come close to doing what my dad does, but I hope. I want to shadow directors on my show and other sets. We need more female directors! I think it's important for women to share their perspective on everything as well.  What are your end-goal aspirations in the realm of music and acting? I’ll go wherever life takes me. This could all stop tomorrow, and I would keep on going, but, my end-goal is to be happy, and happy with what I'm doing. If your job starts to feel like a job, then quit, but only if you don’t love it. Of course, there's going to be bad days, but at the end of the day, you have to love what you're doing. What upcoming projects can we look forward to? Manifest, of course. I’ll have some music coming out in the near future, and hopefully another movie soon! Photographed by - Justin von Oldershausen.  Flaunt Film directed by David Vollucci Styled by Noah Diaz.   Art Direction by Cat Carney Hair by Kiyo Igarashi.  Makeup by Juan Jaar using Surratt Beauty. Assisted by Robert Fuentes.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    VALENTINO jacket, pants, shoes and hat and BYUNGMUN SEO tank top from The Ruby.  DANIEL PATRICK jacket.  MSGM t-shirt, shorts, socks and shoes, PRADA hat from The Ruby and bandana from The Ruby.    MSGM jacket, t-shirt, shorts, socks and shoes, and bandana from The Ruby.  KENZO jacket.  MSGM t-shirt, shorts, socks and shoes, and glasses from The Ruby.  MSGM t-shirt, VIVIENNE WESTWOOD pants from The Ruby, CONVERSE shoes and bandana from The Ruby.  KENZO shirt, pants and shoes and LOUIS VUITTON bag.  KENZO pants and shoes.  VALENTINO coat, THOM BROWNE pants from The Ruby and MSGM necklace.  LOUIS VUITTON t-shirt, pants and shoes, OPENING CEREMONY, and belt from The Ruby.  LOUIS VUITTON top, shorts and shoes. Photographed by Phil Knott at Bolt Agency. Talent— Paolo Gallardo, Bryan Pearn, Mikey Kravitz at Wilhelmina. Styled by Marika Page. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Swedish singer-songwriter Violet Days is the answer to your playlist dreams. The SXSW performer’s sound takes you through a trance of electronic pop and top 40. An upcoming sensation, she’s creating music produced by Kris Eriksson, acclaimed for co-writing The Chainsmokers famous hit song “Paris.” The songstress named Lina Hansson delivers dreamscape vocals paired romantically with lyrics that are relatable and fresh. If the last four years of summer never ended, it would sound like Violet Days. Her new EP Made In My Head is dreamy soundscape through relationship breakups to makeup, with songs like her latest release “Leave But Don’t Go” that reminds us about the emotionally uncertainty of love. We had a chance to check out Hansson’s show prep, which is as unconventional as her sound — from chilling in the morning on a friend’s porch in Santa Monica to huddling with her band post-show.  PRE-SHOW I rather take the Bird then the car. Favorite way to start a morning in LA, on a porch at my friends house in Santa Monica :). Spicy juice, a MUST before a show. 10 mins before stage. 5 mins, our pre-show ritual warm-up - 99 problems. 2 mins - Pre show team huddle. THE SHOW We go loooow. Letting it go. POST-SHOW Happy band after a fun show. Repping “Cocaine Kisses” in the greenroom. In the zone. Focused. Photography by Taylor Brielle and Kris Eriksson Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   VERSACE coat and pants, VALENTINO sweater, BOTTEGA VENETA boots, DAVID YURMAN necklace, and PORTRAIT REPORT earrings. HERMÉS sweater, shirt, pants, and boots, PORTRAIT REPORT earrings, and BITTERSWEET rings. KENZO vest and pants, BOTTEGA VENETA shirt, THURSDAY BOOT CO. boots and ROCKING AGE necklace. HUGO jacket, VALENTINO shirt and pants, OFF-WHITE C/O VIRGIL ABLOH boots, ROCKING AGE necklace, and talent’s own belt. BOTTEGA VENETA jacket, VALENTINO pants, THE KOOPLES shirt, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI boots, and talent’s own jewelry. ALEXANDER MCQUEEN blazer and pants, ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA COUTURE shirt, THURSDAY BOOT CO. boots, DAVID YURMAN rings, and PORTRAIT REPORT jewelry. LOUIS VUITTON sweater, pants and shoes and talent’s own jewelry. ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA COUTURE jacket and pants, VALENTINO sweater, and BEN SHERMAN boots. ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA COUTURE jacket, HERMÉS shirt, TOPMAN pants, THURSDAY BOOT CO. boots and DAVID YURMAN necklace. TOPMAN blazer and pants, KENZO shirt, THURSDAY BOOT CO. boots, and PORTRAIT REPORT earrings. Left to right: HANES t-shirt and LOUIS VUITTON pants and boots. HANES t-shirt, TOPMAN pants, and THURSDAY BOOT CO. boots. HANES t-shirt, ALEXANDER MCQUEEN pants, and PORTRAIT REPORT earrings. HANES t-shirt, VERSACE pants, BOTTEGA VENETA boots, and DAVID YURMAN necklace. HANES t-shirt, VALENTINO pants, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI boots, and talent’s own jewelry. HANES t-shirt, HERMÈS pants and boots, and PORTRAIT REPORT earrings. HANES t-shirt and LOUIS VUITTON pants. HANES t-shirt, TOPMAN pants, and THURSDAY BOOT CO. boots. HANES t-shirt, VALENTINO pants, OFF-WHITE C/O VIRGIL ABLOH boots, and talent’s own belt and jewelry. A man in a red coat and top hat grips a cell phone. His yelling face fills the screen, glistening, nearly as red as the coat. He is standing in the sun on the corner of Hollywood and Highland. It’s hard to make out what he’s yelling over the blood curdling screams of the 13-year-old girl on my right, but I soon realize—thanks to the man in red’s incessant repetition—it is this: “Welcome to Hollywood.”  Ten beautiful [redacted] boys stand in Hollywood’s crosswalk, posed as The Beatles. Still as statues, they do not acknowledge the red man. The light turns green. They do not move. Car horns blare. The 13-year-old girl’s screams grow louder. (After learning she loves them so much she followed them here from South Korea, it occurs to me just how much anxiety this scene must have given her.) I get the idea she might take her own life if one of these boys is run over by an impatient LA driver.  Together, the ten boys are NCT 127, a Seoul-based K-pop group Rolling Stone called “2018’s K-Pop Artist to Watch,” the LA Times declared to be “leading the next generation of K-pop,” and iTunes reports is “Up Next.” They were recently invited to the American Music Awards, which will go down as the group’s first red carpet event. The aforementioned 13-year-old from above is one of approximately 15 South Korean teenagers who follow NCT 127 around the world. Joining them on Hollywood is a herd of Angeleno K-pop fanatics.  Left to right: Johnny wears BOTTEGA VENETA sweater, VERSACE pants, and his own earring. Haechan wears BALDWIN sweater and pants and PORTRAIT REPORT earring and HERMÈS pants. I ask one why she’s so enamored with this group.  “Have you seen them?” she spits back. “They’re just beautiful?” “No!” It sounds like she could cry. “They’re so talented.” I notice one of them crying quietly. She smiles at my bewilderment. “Welcome to K-pop,” she says. I’m assuming most people need an introduction. I certainly did. So, a brief history of K-pop. A man named Lee Soo-man founds an entertainment group called SM Entertainment, inspired in large part by the popularity of early MTV programming. A few years later, noticing the immense success of South Korea’s first counterculture boy group—Seo Taiji and Boys—Lee decides to put a group together himself. They—H.O.T.—achieve immense success.When South Korea’s economy suffers in 1997, its government follows Lee’s suit; this is to say, it cashes in on counterculture by calling it Culture and selling it. K-pop is born.  NCT 127 is one of 38 groups and artists that SM Entertainment owns. Its members are part of an umbrella group called NCT, a conceptual pop collective unique in the fact each of its subgroups considers themselves to be part of the same larger project, unlimited by typical constraints like geography or language. There’s NCT Dream, NCT U, NCT China, and a couple others, all of which are organized according to age or location.  Left to Right: Mark wears his own jacket, shirt, and pants. WinWin wears BOTTEGA VENETA sweater, VALENTINO pants, PORTRAIT REPORT earring, and his own belt. Lee launched NCT and all its subgroups in the same way Steve Jobs would launch a new Apple product; watching NCT 127 perform only deepens this analogy. Teenagers stand in place of awestricken adults, screaming as if they would literally explode if they stopped. The extent to which NCT 127 and their team excite crowds on foreign shores even recalls the frenzy of Beatlemania. And if you’re confused or doubtful, well, so were the parents of those kids screaming their lungs out at the Ed Sullivan show. The lesson: trust the youth to tell you what’s next, what’s going to be big. And if we heed that lesson now, chart the ascent of NCT 127 based on the radical and growing passion of their fans, then the only conclusion is that we’re in the presence of the Next Big Thing. Or maybe the Biggest Thing. Ever. This may be news to you, but SM Entertainment knows exactly what they’re doing. Just take a look at their “Mission and Vision,” as it appears on their website:  The Future of Culture Technology! As a company that produces the best in cultural content and entertainers by using state-of-the-art cultural technologies, SM Entertainment aims to touch the people’s hearts and promote Korean culture in every corner of the world with the goal of contributing to national economic growth and a more affluent life for everyone.  It is not the concept that is foreign; it is the articulation of the concept. American popular culture shies away from language that exposes cultural commodification. Labels like Columbia or Disney’s Hollywood Records (or even indie labels like Domino or Sub Pop) try just as hard as their South Korean counterparts to breed fame and commercial success. The main difference: American executives codify their language, which effectively distracts people from the piles of money just beyond eyesight. They speak of success in terms of individuality, vision, genius, etc. The massive teams that contribute to this artistry—label executives, PR people, even producers—are cloaked in fine print.  Left to right: Taeyong wears VERSACE shirt, KENZO t-shirt, VALENTINO pants, and his own jewelry. Jaehyun wears BEN SHERMAN jacket, CALVIN KLEIN t-shirt, ALEXANDER MCQUEEN pants, and his own jewelry. I want to be very clear about this: I am not saying K-pop idols—as they are called—possess less genius than American pop stars. It is rather that they (read: their teams) do not obscure from public awareness the machinery fueling their idols’ careers; they include it in their literal mission statement.  The idols themselves are open about it. “‘Neo Culture Technology’ means that our music, messaging, and culture can be spread throughout the world through culture technology trends.” This is NCT 127’s Jungwoo. I know from his KProfile on KProfile. com that he is a Pisces, weighs 128lbs, and is blood type AB.  Now you might be wondering: What are culture technology trends? Or maybe: Messaging? SM Entertainment uses a related term—digital convergence—in describing their vision for transmitting Korean Culture to a global audience. The vision is essentially to capitalize on the unprecedented success of the music video for PSY’s “Gangnam Style,” which remains the 3rd most watched video of all time on YouTube.  Jungwoo wears TOPMAN sweater and pants and HANES t-shirt. Doyoung wears his own clothing. “We all love music and dreamt of performing on stage. Our music itself is great, but what really makes us stand out are our performances,” explains Doyoung (Aquarius, 133lbs, B). As Taeyong (Cancer, 128lbs, O) puts it, “The best part of it all is that we get to showcase the music we love to the world. We all work hard so that we can perform on bigger stages in the future. I can’t really think of anything that’s hard about being in a K-pop group; we all do this because we love it.” Watching NCT 127’s music videos and live performances, it is abundantly clear they speak the truth. You must watch them, any of them. They are unbelievable. This is (currently) what cultural technology trends look like: impressive, big budget music videos transmitted through YouTube technology.  As for messaging, I am honestly unsure. All I know is that whatever Jungwoo means, I am about it. In light of the fact NCT 127 is so open about the idol industry’s bureaucracy, their love for the music they make feels more genuine than is possible for an American pop star.  When Johnny (Aquarius, 149lbs, B) says, “We share in our dreams and become one through music. That’s our core message,” I know just what he means. It affects me deeply—I want them to win.  Yuta wears ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA COUTURE shirt, LOUIS VUITTON pants, and ROCKING AGE necklace. Taeil wears TODD SYNDER sweater and ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA COUTURE pants They are winning. K-pop is winning.  NCT 127 is ranked 3rd on Billboard’s Social 50—above Justin Bieber, Rihanna, everyone except One Direction’s Louie Tomlinson and fellow idol group, BTS. This chart’s ranking is determined by how many followers/likes/friends/views/streams a celebrity account receives, mapping it over time. Out of the top ten spots, idol groups hold six.  I think this brief interaction with that same 13-year-old fan from above will solidify what I’m getting at:  “How’d you know they were coming here?” She responds: “You don’t want to know.” No matter how hard I pushed, her answer remained the same.  The only thing that changed was the smile spreading across her face.  ~~~ [An earlier version of this article referred to NCT 127 as 10 beautiful Korean boys. Though they are all beautiful, their places of birth vary: from Vancouver to Osaka. I sincerely apologize for this gross lack of research. Please send any further hate mail to joey@flaunt.com] The Transience Issue Photographed by Mario Kroes  Flaunt Film directed by JAR  Styled by Yety Akinola  Styling Assistant: Alexis Chaney Production Assistent by Jake Harrison  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO jacket, shirt, jean, belt and boots, DSQUARED2 tie, TOM FORD sunglasses, and CHROME HEARTS ring.  SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO jacket, shirt, jean, belt and boots, DSQUARED2 tie, TOM FORD sunglasses, and CHROME HEARTS ring.  SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO jacket, shirt, jean, belt and boots, DSQUARED2 tie, TOM FORD sunglasses, and CHROME HEARTS ring. SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO jacket, shirt, jean, and belt, DSQUARED2 tie, TOM FORD sunglasses, and CHROME HEARTS ring. The truth is that Lenny Kravitz almost didn’t come out of the jungle. He was alone there for six months, his company primarily consisting of wild monkeys and parrots. In the afternoons Lenny Kravitz would ride a horse into the fields, which sounds like an image you’d see in an advertisement for artisanal tequila but which is something Lenny Kravitz actually did during this episode of his life, when he was off the grid and existing in-sync with the rhythms of nature on his farm in the remote mountains of Brazil.  “I mean, there were parrots like ones that you see in a store and buy for thousands of dollars,” he says, “the multicolored ones—green, blue, red—flying around like pigeons.”  Kravitz did not want to leave his agrarian enclave. But to own a farm in the remote mountains of Brazil, one must be either a Brazilian farmer or a rockstar, and Lenny Kravitz, falling into the latter category, couldn’t just disappear into the jungle on horseback. He was instead, in time, coaxed off the farm by his management team.  “I was like, ‘I don’t know man, I think I’m just going to be a farmer,’ you know? When I was there, I noticed the presence of God.”  BALMAIN jacket, SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO jeans, and DIOR HOMME sunglasses. The point in Kravitz telling you this story is for him to say that a heavy dose of nature always connects him with his sense of spirit, that the middle of nowhere feels holy to him. The point in me telling you this story is to affirm that yes, Kravitz is as cool and heady as you always suspected he might be. With accessories including a remote South American farm, his life is also nothing like yours or mine, because he is an actual rockstar, a creature as magnificent and rare as those kaleidoscopic Brazilian parrots.  Take, for example, where we’re currently sitting, Kravitz and I—on a patio on a bluff overlooking the Pacific. The sun glitters on the water and waves crash on the beach below, soundtracking an otherwise still Thursday afternoon in Malibu. Kravitz is staying here while he’s in town, in the guesthouse of this lush estate, which belongs to a friend who’s never named and who never materializes, but, with a house with this view, is surely a good friend to have. Kravitz is wearing black pants, no shoes. The buttons of his black velvet shirt are undone on the bottom and top, revealing a tattoo on his left pectoral. His dreads form a mop on his head, and he’s without sunglasses. He sports two nose rings—a stud and a hoop—one in each nostril. Altogether it’s a rocker-shaman look few people could pull off. Kravitz is pulling it off.  We’re here to discuss his new album, Raise Vibration, which is a very shaman-rock album title. The dozen songs on the LP came to Kravitz in his dreams, a not uncommon creative process for the 54-year-old musician, who sparked his career three decades ago with 1989’s psych-rock funk warrior call to arms, Let Love Rule. Kravitz dreamt some of that first album too, hearing a chorus or verse or melody or an entire song in his sleep and then rising to capture it on a recorder kept on his nightstand. You’ve gotta get up and do this no matter how comfortable you are in bed, he says, otherwise the music gets away.  BALMAIN jacket, SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO jeans, and DIOR HOMME sunglasses. It was while making Let Love Rule that these dreams, and in fact his entire well of sonic inspiration, dried up. No new music. Nothing. Then in his mid-20s, he thought his gift—roused to life during adolescence by idols like Zeppelin, The Stones, Prince, and Coltrane—might be gone forever. In time though, he realized he’d just been working too much, too intensely; that he needed a break. This was before the farm era, but he did find some time to recalibrate. When his creative flow returned, he wrote a song about the experience—“Be” from Let Love Rule— and called it a lesson in patience and faith. The experience has guided him since.  “One might think, ‘Oh, I don’t have it right now, or ‘I’m having a block,’” he says, drinking a tiny bottle of turmeric juice that seems to have materialized out of nowhere. “No. It just means now’s not the time. You get what you’re supposed to get when you’re supposed to get it.”  And the songs always came, from 1991’s “It Ain’t Over ’Til It’s Over” to 93’s “Are You Gonna Go My Way” to 98’s “Fly Away” to the other mega-hits and deep cuts populating his 11 studio albums. Out on September 7 via Roxie Records/BMG, Raise Vibration is the first LP that came to Kravitz entirely in dreams. He didn’t sleep much while channeling the music, rising a few times a night, between two and five in the morning, for months.  “It was a trip, but things were coming,” he says. “That’s how it works. You don’t control it.”  AMIRI jacket and jeans and DIOR HOMME sunglasses. There’s the world-weary “We Can Get It All Together” and the rally-cry title track, which is probably the sexiest, most swaggering song to ever name-check Gandhi. “Johnny Cash” is an homage to both the country icon and Kravitz’s late mother, the actress Roxie Roker, whose image is inked on the right forearm of this self-proclaimed mama’s boy. Recorded in the Bahamas, Raise Vibration was produced by Kravitz, engineered by his longtime guitarist Craig Ross, and mixed by the two of them in tandem. It was a lean team fleshed out by a fleet of instrumentalists and the Native American singers who recorded traditional tribal chanting for the finish of “Raise Vibration.” Even Michael Jackson gets a credit, for a sample on the single “Low,” a slinky funk jam on which Kravitz addresses the challenges of romance in the face of fame. Included in the thank you section of the liner notes: “Special Gratitude: The Spirit of Prince Rogers Nelson” and “Eternal Gratitude: God.”  One thing that becomes clear when talking to Kravitz is that his life is defined by lofty ideas and lived experiences of faith, inspiration, and creativity. That sage quality Kravitz has always seemed to possess—it seems real. In the liner notes of Raise Vibration, he writes that his message always was and will be about love, a concept Kravitz makes tangible in daily life by staying in gratitude, thanking god for waking up each morning. He says just living is his meditation, which is a statement one might roll their eyes at if it were coming from anyone but Kravitz, but which when coming from him feels reasonable.  SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO jacket, TOM FORD sunglasses, and talent’s own jewelry. What are the major lessons you’ve picked up in your lifetime?  LK: That you can never be too kind, too patient, too loving. You just can’t.  But let’s take it back down to earth and discuss the ways Kravitz is also a real person: he makes direct eye contact when he speaks and checks to make sure my recorder is working properly. He keeps his cell phone out of sight, compliments my necklace, and lets me use his bathroom. He dotes on his daughter Zoë, calling the 29-year-old actress (with ex-wife Lisa Bonet) his proudest accomplishment. When it gets too hot in the sun he relocates us into his guesthouse, which is cool and dim and scattered with rockstar accoutrements: a pair of black cowboy boots, a Louis Vuitton toiletry trunk with a cracked mirror, well-worn slippers. He’s gracious and normal, but also not normal at all, because he’s Lenny Kravitz.  What do people get wrong about him? I ask Craig Ross, Kravitz’s guitarist.  Craig Ross: He’s got an incredible sense of humor. I don’t know if that always comes across. He’s a genuine artist and is completely true to what he does. He should be respected as one of the great musical artists, I think.  Being a human person, Lenny Kravitz also sometimes gets frustrated and drained, as life can be complicated when you’re a living outlet for a creative entity that sends hit songs to you in your sleep. Staying in that place of love when you’re giving all the time, as Lenny Kravitz—a recovering people pleaser—often is, can be challenging. “Some people are good at giving love and not good at accepting it,” he says. “I’ve been in that position.”  BALMAIN jacket, TOM FORD shirt, SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO jeans, and DSQUARED2 boots. When you think about it, Lenny Kravitz has pleased more people than most, with millions of albums sold, four Grammys awards, and countless tours in the books. It can be a lot when the whole world wants to take a selfie with you. In fact, Lenny Kravitz would rather give you a hug, share a moment, but he always takes the photo.  I’m curious about people in your sort of very particular position, where you’re putting art out into the world, and have a lot of energy coming towards you.  LK: You’re giving all the time. Whether you’re performing, dealing with people, dealing with people in your face, you’re giving, and you get to a point where you get numb. I just did five months of touring. I did months of press before that. I made the album before that and just recently, I hit a wall. I realized, ‘I’m not feeling myself.’ That’s the best way to describe it, a sort of numbness.  In a few weeks Lenny Kravitz will self-prescribe his remedy of choice: escape to his place in the Bahamas, where his grandfather was born and where he’s been visiting since infancy. Stop wearing shoes. Make the most difficult decision of the day be about what to eat for dinner. Laugh with the locals when an errant fan comes looking for you. Swim. Sleep. Walk. Repeat. Emerge refreshed. Go on tour, melt people’s faces off, call your guitarist at 8am and have him meet you at the studio to work on the song you dreamt up last night.  SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO coat, shirt, jeans, and boots and CHROME HEARTS ring. Tell me a story about Lenny Kravitz. Craig Ross: I was in the Bahamas doing a record, and he was in Los Angeles. My 50th birthday was coming up, and he calls me and says, “We have to do this little show, just you and me. Sorry it’s going to be on your birthday, but I’m going to have to fly you here, and you’re going to have to work.” So I meet him and he takes me up to this house where he’s staying, to rehearse. We’re going to get to work, and he says, “Let me show you the house,” and he opens the door to the kitchen and everybody I know, from all over the world, is in that room. He’d been working on it for months. It was the most incredible thing anybody has ever done. That’s the kind of guy he is.  It’s hard to pinpoint Lenny Kravitz’s contemporaries. Spotify’s “related artists” area will point you to acts as disparate as Mick Jagger and Jamiroquai, demonstrating that there aren’t actually many people like Lenny Kravitz. He plays soul, funk, rock, pop, free-form jazz. He’s got a co- writing credit on Madonna’s “Justify My Love” and can drop a sentence like, “Early on, Curtis Mayfield really encouraged me to do my thing.” He’s cameo’d during Katy Perry’s 2015 Super Bowl halftime show performance, worked with Prince, Bowie, Dylan, and Aretha Franklin, and played himself in a 2002 episode of The Simpsons in which Homer goes to a rock and roll fantasy camp and gets style tips in “Lenny Kravitz’s Thread Shed.” He’s a guy who when asked about the best career advice he’s gotten, shares with me a story he also once told to Oprah, about when Robert Plant was opening for him on the Are You Gonna Go My Way tour.  SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO shirt, pants, and necklace, and CHROME HEARTS ring. “I was taking things a little seriously then. Like I told you, always trying to move forward. I wasn’t enjoying the moment like I should’ve been, and one day Robert came by my dressing room and went off on me, yelled at me, like, ‘Dude, what the fuck is wrong with you? I dig you. Lighten up. Don’t be so serious. Just enjoy it.’ That changed my life. I was taking things very seriously with my music and performances and being too much of a perfectionist. He was like, ‘Free up, man!’ I mean, who gets chewed out by Robert Plant? It’s beautiful.”  In 2012, Kravitz repaid the favor by ripping through “Whole Lotta Love” during Led Zeppelin’s induction into the Kennedy Center Honors. The audience included the band’s three living members, David Letterman, and Michelle and Barack Obama, the latter of whom nodded in blissed out appreciation as Lenny Kravitz hit the high notes. After the performance, Plant gave him the thumbs up from the balcony.  In fact, Lenny Kravitz exists in the velvet-lined middle ground of a rock and roll Venn diagram connecting the classic and contemporary, pop music and experimental art. He’s a bridge, the guy chosen to interpret rock classics for America’s most modern president. Given the music industry’s continued fracturing into siloed genres and distribution modes, it’s reasonable to believe there won’t be many more rockstars like him, that there simply can’t be, that Lenny Kravitz is one of the youngest members of the old guard of legends. He doesn’t even listen to new music, returning instead to A Love Supreme when picking something out for the turntable.  SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO shirt and necklace and DIOR HOMME sunglasses. On the horizon for him is a European tour and production for a movie he’s written (and has already completed the soundtrack for). He’s not sure whether he’ll direct and won’t divulge what it’s about, but says acting is a slick way for him to collaborate with other artists and not have it be just about him. His performances in Precious and The Hunger Games series, in which he also played a stylist, demonstrated his agility with the format. He also has his longstanding design business and is the first creative director for Dom Pérignon, which is a very rockstar thing to be. But despite the glitz, he says this phase of his life is about being of service, giving back, deepening his purpose. There’s no reason not to believe him.  Do you consider your legacy?  LK: I feel like I’m just getting started, honestly... I really haven’t done much yet, as far as I’m concerned.  The Transience Issue Photographed by Carlos Serrao Styled by Monty Jackson Makeup by Tasha Brown Produced by Amy Ground  Set Design by James Lear Photo Assistant Simon McDermott-Johnson  Photo Assistant Jeremy Jackson Film by Carlos Serrao Monica May   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   VALENTINO jacket and ENFANTES RICHES DÉPRIMÉS sweater.   VALENTINO jacket and sweater. “I grew up dressing up and dancing in the mirror,” recalls 15-year-old actor Jack Grazer. His mom, who is sitting in on the interview, remembers it as “nonstop but magical.” When I first encounter Grazer, he is sliding his feet into a pair of rubbery, white Valentino sneakers with a matching white puffer jacket. “You look like the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man,” his mom notes as we make our way to the first shoot location. “That’s exactly what I was thinking,” Grazer replies, mimicking the overgrown grumble and bounce of the character.  Grazer’s parents maintain a kind of electricity and youthfulness that has no doubt translated into his personality. His mother tells me, “I opened all of the cupboards and said, ‘Take all of the pots out, bang ‘em. Touch everything. Explore everything!’ I just wanted him to live as much as he could.” It was this kind of encouragement that set Grazer apart. From a young age he would transform himself into as many costumed characters as possible, testing the limits of the laundry basket on a daily basis. “I dressed up as Batman on multiple occasions,” he adds, relaying his love for the caped crusader. “I think I had like four Batman costumes and over 50 of his action figures. I was legitimately obsessed.” ENFANTES RICHES DEPRIMES jacket, AMIRI shirt and jeans, and PIERRE HARDY shoes. From his breakout role as Eddie Kaspbrak in 2017’s It, to his most recent role in Beautiful Boy as 12-year-old Nic Sheff, and his upcoming role as Freddy Freeman in DC Comics’ Shazam!, Grazer has repeatedly taken on characters who have been part of our pop-culture canon for longer than he’s been alive. I ask about the difficulties of navigating roles rooted in another generation. “I don’t find it that difficult,” he tells me. “I actually think it might be more difficult to play somebody current because I don’t really relate to people from this generation. I’ve definitely been told that ‘I’m an old soul,’ or that ‘I’m wise beyond years,’” he says mimicking the condescending tone of a patronizing adult. Old soul or not, deep down Grazer is still a Batman-obsessed DC fanboy. Landing his role in Shazam! was a dream come true. Grazer believes Shazam! will live up to the hype and present viewers with another side of DC, something a little more comedic than its Justice League counterparts. Being a 20-something who’s jumped on the “superheroes-are-cool” train, I bring up the old debate surrounding Marvel vs. DC, garnering a few side-eye stares from his publicist. In the end, Grazer doesn't deny either’s importance in the pop canon, but does say DC is personally more nostalgic for him because it’s what he grew up watching, reading, and aspiring to become.  SAINT LAURENT jacket, shirt and pants. I ask about the pressure of fulfilling the expectations that come with the territory of playing characters with a die-hard, decades-in-the-making fan base. “It’s definitely hard when you have to do an adaptation, or remake because the fandom holds the original in such high regard.” He continues, “It’s hard to even slightly tamper with the original because the audience will look at any small thing as an excuse to say ‘this sucks!’” To avoid this scrutiny, his solution is to bring the character back to their essentials, approaching the source material with the intention of making it his own. “I don't go into one of these projects trying to match something that has already been done before,” he explains. “I really try to understand the character, how they act, and what motivates them. I relate to people more because I’ve tried to understand where they come from.”   This mindfulness is something he brings into his everyday life, where, at his coastal, progressive high school, he insists he’s just another student. “There are no categories of people, and there are no popular people. We are all just one, and we are all into each other.” A shockingly zen take, discordant with the cliché depictions of high schoolers in films like Mean Girls or Bring it On. I am suddenly painfully aware of my age when I realize these movies came out around 2003: the year Grazer was born.  VALENTINO jacket, sweater and pants. In part, Grazer is your average LA-based teen. He rides a skateboard, takes film elective, and finds time to squeeze in the occasional live stream to his 2.4 million Instagram followers. The latter is not so average. I’d like to amend—he’s your average teenage celebrity. A quick search of his name on Google returns over 4 million results; everything from screen-recorded live streams to fan edits and, of course, the occasional controversy. I ask about the invasiveness of living life in the public eye. “It’s definitely hard to grow when there’s always somebody watching you and somebody there to judge.” he says. He tells me it’s the same as pleasing any other fandom: “You have some 12-year-old fan girls wondering why you said the ’s-word’ or why you’re acting a certain way. But, I mean, this is what I signed up for, and they have every right to do what they do.”   Grazer certainly speaks with a diplomacy beyond his years, but his playfulness off set reveals his infectious wit. “In the majority of the projects I’ve done, there’s been an element of improv, and I love that because it just comes second nature to me,” he says. I ask if he will continue with this kind of work in the future. “I totally want to work more with improvisation in the future,” and with exaggerated dread growing on his face, he adds, “I hope I’m not typecast as some kind of comedian, because I do want to explore deeper and darker roles”. With what he has achieved by his early teens, Grazer’s career is full of possibility; a veritable “choose-your-own-adventure” map in the territory of film & television. “I definitely want to evolve myself into screenwriting and directing. I do love acting but I want to stretch myself and create a feature-length film.” Like any young superhero in the first ten minutes of a DC blockbuster, he’s just learning to harness his newfound powers. Although he may not be fighting any intergalactic wars in the coming decade, his wit and skater-dude charm gives him a distinct advantage in the battleground of Hollywood’s entertainment industry.  Photographer: Mitchell McCormack.  Film by: Justice Ott Stylist: Jenny Ricker.  Groomed by Robert Bryan using Marc Jacobs Beauty.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Charlotte Gainsbourg for Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello.  Photographed by David Sims    Charlotte Gainsbourg for Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello. Photographed by David Sims    Charlotte Gainsbourg for Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello. Photographed by David Sims    Amber Valletta for Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello. Photographed by David Sims    Amber Valletta for Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello. Photographed by David Sims    Amber Valletta for Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello. Photographed by David Sims    Rebecca Leigh Longendyke for Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello. Photographed by David Sims    Rebecca Leigh Longendyke for Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello. Photographed by David Sims    Rebecca Leigh Longendyke for Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello. Photographed by David Sims   Saint Laurent just released its women’s Spring 2019 campaign. Leading the pack is the amazing and newly blonde Charlotte Gainsbourg, wearing the Officer Jacket With Gold Passementerie Braiding. Shot by David Sims, the new campaign highlights Anthony Vaccarello’s vision and also features Amber Valetta and Rebecca Leigh Longendyke. Over the years, Saint Laurent has remained a reliable source in creating timeless fashion. In this collection, the intergenerational models prove that everyone can be a YSL woman. The Python Shorts The Paige Sandals In Painted Leather The Jumpsuit In Sablé Fabric With Ruffles And Embroidered Sequins Art Direction: Anthony Vaccarello Director: David Sims Talents: Charlotte Gainsbourg, Amber Valetta, Rebecca Leigh Longendyke Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA COUTURE jacket, sweater, pants and shoes. FENDI suit and sweater. On one of the final days of the Indian summer, just before the chills of November, I rode an elevator up to the top of a building in Echo Park. This was a neighborhood worlds away from the Beverly Hills bubble I grew up in, although it’s the home of where my irreverent rebellion began. The circumstances which found me here to interview Daniel Ezra for his leading role in The All American was a significant moment of kismet. Here I was, a boy desperate to escape into the grit interviewing a Brit playing a boy from the rough streets of Crenshaw thrown into the world of excess of Beverly Hills High School.  Born and raised in the English West Midlands, the actors theater training took place in London where he would go on to take on the West End as Sebastian in Twelfth Night. This led to a recurring role in the BBC's The Missing, and the hit series A Discovery of Witches. Now crossing the pond, Ezra has been tasked with the responsibility of translating the life Spencer Paysinger; a gig which has brought the actor into the potential of being the next big thing The CW wields. We got a moment with the theater-trained actor to discuss Cali life, getting fit for the role, and how Hip Hop helped form his accent.  VERSACE suit, turtleneck, belt, and pin, BOSS shoes, and stylists own socks. Where are you guys shooting mainly? Is it in the states? In Beverly Hills? Yeah, between Beverly Hills and Crenshaw. We’re using a lot of the real locations in Crenshaw. So we used the real barbershop that the real Spencer got his first haircut in, and the real park that he played little league in, and so we’re kind of moving between those and when we’re not on location we’re at the studios. How did you end up with the job? I know this is supposed to be your first big US gig from the UK. This is my first American role, my first lead role. I taped in London. My agent called me and just said, you know, there’s sort of an untitled high school pilot about American football. I didn’t really fancy my chances cause I never played it before, but luckily at the audition, they weren’t interested in football skills. It was more about the acting, so I taped in London and didn’t hear anything for two weeks, and then I got a late night call from my agent saying you need to be on a plane tomorrow morning and flew out and met the director and producers and Robbie and everyone. They told me the next day.  Where in London are you from? So I’m from Birmingham, which is sort of the midlands, but I moved to London when I was 19 to go to theater school in south London.  I read that you actually did more theater-based work? So I trained in theater. I trained in theater in Shakespeare and Russian classics, and things like that. So my background is predominantly theater, but since I left I’ve been doing a lot of screen work. How do you feel you’ve been taking to adapting to a type of All-American boy. Well luckily it’s not that different in terms of the process of filming. It’s not that different from the UK. I think it’s sort of the universal way shows are shot. It feels a lot quicker, like we get a lot more done at the days here because things move a lot faster I think, but other than that, it’s more the biggest learning curve has been just living in LA as opposed to just working in LA. It’s such a huge, sprawling city and you have to drive, where London is a bit like New York. It’s built around a sort of subway system and you don’t really need to drive if you don’t have to.  I always get too claustrophobic and scared. Yeah, and it can be quite claustrophobic. I felt that way about New York there first time I went to there. London’s a lot similar so that was the biggest learning curve was definitely just living and getting around L.A. DRIES VAN NOTEN coat and BOSS suit, shirt, and shoes. Tell me about your character. He’s a kid from Crenshaw that get’s plucked up and thrown into Beverly Hills.  Yeah, he’s a kid from Crenshaw. He is a straight-A student, he’s a star athlete, and he has dreams of getting to the NFL one day. He’s one of those kids that wants to save the world in a sense. He wants to take care of his family, his brother, his mom, his friend — his best friend, Coop (played by Tiana Cooper). When we meet her she is just sort of succumbing to the gang war in Crenshaw, and is dealing with her own sexuality. It’s addressed (in episode 3) and it’s a tough episode for Coop, watching her sort of come to terms with it and face her parents, who work for the church and have their own views. It sort of goes into a lot of real life issues whether it’s race, whether it’s sexuality, whether it’s police brutality, whether it’s issues within American Football and athletes. But Spencer is sort of in the middle of that, and he’s a kid determined to get into he NFL, driven by his anger at the loss of his father. His father moved away, left the family some years ago, and it’s something that Spencer still hasn’t really gotten over. And he gets this opportunity to play for Beverly Hills and it’s something that he just can’t pass up.  I was actually trying to find out, which were the years that the real Spencer went through Beverly? So he’s 29 now, so he’s gotta be, I’m not sure of the exact years but in our world he’s 17 when he moves so.  Wow I went to Beverly High for a bit, he was probably a few years older than me. It’s crazy.  It’s cool. I’ve met a few people form Beverly High school. What was the physical type of work that you had to go through to alter your body. I remember we were talking about the styling and they said we had to accommodate for having muscles built-up. Yes, I mean luckily my dad’s a fitness coach, so fitness has always been a big part of my life, and if you watch the pilot, between the pilot and the second episode I slimmed down and got kind of lean just to fit that more athletic build. Obviously he’s only 17 so there’s only so much you wanna do before it becomes unrealistic, but he’s a star and an amazing, incredible athlete, and so I knew I needed to look a certain way and feel a certain way. And you know, we do a lot of our own stuff on the field too, so that’s also gonna help. But the biggest transition physically was probably learning to play American football, and to be comfortable. For the pilot I walked around for a month with a football. I didn’t go anywhere without the football and they put me through drills and I had to learn all the routes, how to throw, how to catch and pass and run, and all that sort of stuff. So that was probably the biggest learning curve. Fitness-wise it was just adapting my already current schedule to one of an American football player, so a lot more explosive stuff and strength training and things like that.  How have you taken to LA, you know, culturally, and what do you enjoy doing here? I mean, I love it. I’m vegan actually, so this is one of the best cities in the world to be vegan, I’ve realized.  Especially here on the east side of town.  Yeah, exactly, so that’s definitely one of the big bonuses. But I mean, I just love the weather, for it to be this sunny and this hot in October is incredible to me, I love the weather. I love the people and the sort of mixing of different cultures. Our crew is probably the most diverse crew I’ve ever worked with. So you’ve got people speaking Spanish and Portuguese and English, and all of these different accents and cultures and dialects all in one stage. It’s really a beautiful thing to behold and that’s one of the main big reasons I love coming to work every day.  DRIES VAN NOTEN coat and BOSS suit and shirt. What type of characters would you like to explore in acting. Is there something you feel like you haven’t flexed yet? Yeah, I would love to play the kind of big suits, like doctors and lawyers.  I wanna play lawyers and detectives and all that stuff. This is really cool because I love roles where I get to learn new things. So for this I had to learn obviously the accent but also an entirely new sport, and that’s the kind of thing you live for as an actor, me especially. If I get a chance where I get to learn another sport or martial art or law or those kinds of things, that’s what really excites me, keeps me wanting to kind of keep going. I like physically demanding roles, too. That’s one of the things I enjoyed about this. I want to be a boxer one day, things like that. Anything different, as long as the next thing is completely different from this I’ll be happy.  I wanted to talk about the type of culture that your character is supposed to be thrown into and the stark contrast. When I was at BHHS, it was quite intense that there were Porsches and Ferraris in the parking lot, and then there are these dinky Hyundai’s that the teachers would drive. It’s very important to convey that and the identity of it, and it’s not done in a horrible way.  No, one of my favorite things about the show is that we don’t paint any one world as good or bad. We expose the difficulties within Crenshaw, whether it’s with the gang violence, or the lower income, but you also see the beauty of it. My favorite part is in Episode 3. We go to a typical backyard BBQ in Crenshaw and we see the community come together, and in later episodes, we get to see the real beating heart of Crenshaw and how beautiful it is and how close the community is. In the same way we don’t really depict Beverly as this just horrible place where everyone’s superficial and all they care about is money. Obviously it’s so much more than that. There is that aspect to it, but with the Crenshaw characters and the Beverly Hills characters, we really get to dive deep. Four is a big episode of that where one of our main characters, who we up until this point we just think is one dimensional, Asher ( played by Cody Christian)— by this point we feel like we know him, we know he’s a bit of a dick to Spencer and comes from money— your sort of typical rich kid that sort of gets exposed, and you realize there’s a lot more beneath him. Him and Spencer have a real moment where they bond and Spencer’s the first to see that this kid isn’t all he seems and actually they’re a lot more alike and he’s not a typical Beverly Hills kid. I’m really proud of what we’re doing in the show, exposing that.  What did you watch for reference?  I know I watched Friday Night Lights because I knew that that was the biggest comparison we were going to get. Other than that I just watched a bunch of football movies: Any Given Sunday, Remember the Titans, the new paternal thing that came out with Pacino on HBO. The thing that was furthest away from me, that I knew the least about, was American football so that was the thing I surrounded myself with. I’ve actually watched The OC before, but I didn’t watch it for this. I remember and old girlfriend made me watch it. ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA COUTURE jacket, sweater, and pants. Also The OC? One of the biggest differences between us and The OC is that he never went back to his hometown, once he got to the OC, that was it, he stayed there. What I love about ours is that we go back and forth every episode. Some episodes, we’re mainly in Crenshaw, and there are others where we’re mainly in Beverly Hills, and then as the series goes on, Beverly Hills characters start popping up in Crenshaw and Crenshaw characters start popping up in Beverly Hills. You really get to see these world clash and I think that’s what sets us apart from shows that we’re getting compared to. But they’re all great shows. Friday Night Lights is an amazing show, so I’m not mad at the comparison at all. Along with your veganism, what else do you like to do? What have you embraced in LA? Are you a psychotic hiker off of Runyon? I mean I love hikes, yeah. You don’t really get the chance to do that in London but I’ve been hiking a lot. I’ve done Runyon, Burbank peak and the Hollywood sign. My favorite is the Hollywood sign! Yeah, I’ve got some more on my list but that’s one of the biggest things I’ve fallen in love with is the hiking.  Have you had the chance to stroll around the Hollywood Reservoir? No, what’s that? It’s kind of near the Hollywood sign but it’s just a reservoir kind of in nature but then the Hollywood sign just pops out. Oh wow, that’s right up my alley. I’m definitely going to check that out. Cool. What about the music scene? Have you been exploring all of our hip hop? I’m a big hip hop fan and obviously so much incredible hip hop came out of LA, especially south central LA. So, one of my favorite things to do as characters is figure out where they are musically. So I always create a playlist for my characters and my Spencer James playlist I used to be him.  I would love to add that in the piece, if you could tell me your top 7-10 tracks you used for Spencer.  It’s basically all LA artists, a lot of south central LA hip hop. One of my favorite rappers, Nipsey Hussle is from Crenshaw right where...he’s probably my favorite rapper right now and he’s from Crenshaw. He’s what I used to help develop the accent and for the pilot, pretty much his entire album I would play back and forth just to get the whole vibe and he has a mixed tape called Crenshaw, so he was sort of my go-to, so yeah, I’m a big fan of the whole LA hip hop scene.  I was going to ask you how tapped are you into the whole UK rap scene and all that? Oh, you mean like grime music and stuff like that? Big fan! Kano is probably my favorite rapper, one of my favorite rappers for a start, not even just in the grime genre. It was huge for a moment and then it kind of went quiet and now it’s sort of building back up again.  Is there anything else you would like to mention? No, I just couldn’t be prouder of the show and what we’re doing, and I’m so happy that the CW took a chance with it. It’s nothing like anything they’ve done before. A lot of people come to the CW for superhero shows and it’s something they do really, really well, but it’s just cool to be in something that for them is so new and so fresh, and the fact that it’s a true story and such an important one. I’m excited for people to see because there’s so much powerful stuff coming. Episode 3 is a very heavy episode. We have the police stop, and Coop coming out to her mom, and I always tell fans when they message me is that they haven’t seen anything yet and it’s really really true.  How has the fandom been like? Let’s face it: you’re on the CW and you have this powerful amount of support by your amazing crew of people. You are about to be blown up on social media, and you’re working out so your body’s going to be everywhere.  It’s cool. For me, any good attention towards the show is good. It’s one of those shows that I think deserves to be seen. Are you ready for all the attention? Well, lucky for me I have a really cool support group around me. Not just in terms of family but with the show and producers. One of the producers, Ed, took me into his office and said basically that, “Are you ready for this?” He sat me down and gave me a whole bunch of tips and pointers and just how to navigate what he thinks is about to happen. I have an amazing support system, there’s people waiting in the wings if my head gets too big. I’m not worried. The crew has become such a family that, I don’t want to jinx it, but I can’t see it happening to any of us because of how close and how much of a family we are as a cast and crew so as long as that doesn’t change, I’m not worried.     Have you become really good friends with the rest of your cast members? Huge friends. I’m actually going to Mike (Evans Behling), who plays Jordan the quarterback, I’m going to his house right now to go hang out and play video games and stuff. We’ve all become really close and we hang out outside of work, and we always try and find time to go out to dinner together and hang out together, and you can kind of see on all our Instagram’s we’re always laughing and joking. The scenes that are most difficult to shoot are when we’re all together because we’re always giggling and laughing. Photographed by Danielle Defoe Styled by Britton Litow Groomed by Mandi Crane  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photos courtesy of Louis Vuitton  Photos courtesy of Louis Vuitton  Photos courtesy of Louis Vuitton  Photos courtesy of Louis Vuitton  Photos courtesy of Louis Vuitton Inspired by outer space the Louis Vuitton Men's Spring-Summer 2019 Precollection has launched, entitled Monogram Galaxy. Using a galaxy motif on leather the collection showcases statement silhouettes with graphic details. Inspired by astronaut gear the fits are made relaxed with planetarium inspired silk shirts and lightweight knits. The collection is currently available in stores and online uses layered looks to evoke the idea of inter-dimensional universe and space travel. The leather and textures used add dimension and intricacy to the concept of space represented in clothing. The unique abstract spin on galaxy print  is fit for the adventurous type, standing out and demanding to be noticed.  Photos courtesy of Louis Vuitton Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by Mike Schmidt  Photographed by Mike Schmidt  Photographed by Mike Schmidt  Photographed by Mike Schmidt Knorts,  the denim knitwear line handmade with indigo-dyed yarn, just released a new film featuring models Chavi St. Hill (from the Fenty x show), Kayla Blackmon, Cheyann Washington, Milena Bray, Karis Dolberry. The LA-based brand is a fresh denim experience that offers the intimate pleasure of unrestricted movement while accentuating the most flattering curves of every body. With the intention of solving the industry’s biggest problem of ill-fitting, uncomfortable denim, Founder, Eleanore Guthrie, sets out to expose denim problems faced by real people. This new fashion film written by NY-based writer and teacher, Glynn Pogue and directed by Cory Nixon, the film is a young woman’s coming-of-age story about having a booty that’s larger than life, and her journey of finding fashion that fits. Photographed by Mike Schmidt Models:  Chavi St. Hill, Kayla Blackmon, Cheyann Washington, Milena Bray, Karis Dolberry Music: Nicole Miglis  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   MAREI 1998 skirt, FENDI boots, and MONICA VINADER bracelet and ring. DIOR coat, bra, and skirt and MALONE SOULIERS shoes. In 2015, musician and actress Alison Sudol was in an audition for which there was no script given. Instead, there were a few scenes to test out, and the description of a character.  “[She was] this incredibly empathetic, warm, playful, loving, young woman,” Sudol recalls being told. “She was sort of in the position where people thought of her as a beauty, but she didn’t… There was no trace of vanity in her.”  This is where it gets exciting: “She could read minds,” Sudol continues. “She’s a magical empath. And I was like, ‘Who is this woman?’”  You may already know the answer if, like me, you are committed to fantasy (read: book nerd). MIU MIU jacket, top, bandeau top, and shorts and CUTLER AND GROSS sunglasses. But if you haven’t guessed, the woman was Queenie Goldstein, a witch from the magical Harry Potter universe; the audition was for the movie Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, and the graceful and talented Alison Sudol landed the role, a scene-stealing part of a lifetime.  Sudol was born in Seattle but grew up in Los Angeles. As child, she was rather quiet and a voracious reader. “Books saved my life as a kid,” she tells me. “They made me believe that life could be a lot less disappointing than what I was facing in reality.”  Though she had acting teachers as parents, and would one day be known for her role in the Fantastic Beasts series, Sudol’s original creative outlet was music. She began singing at the age of eleven, and by thirteen, she was writing her own songs. She wrote about nature and about feeling misunderstood.  “There was a force in me that made me have to sing,” Sudol tells me. “I had to make music. I doubted myself all the time, but I had to keep going. It was like breathing.”  RICHARD QUINN dress available at Please Do Not Enter. Though, as Sudol explains, her early experience writing music was at times frustrating because she couldn’t get what she made to sound like the songs on the radio.  “And it never did,” she says. “It still doesn’t, to a degree, but as I got older, I just sort of learned that was okay. That you shouldn't sound like anyone else.” Perhaps that’s why Sudol was so successful when she first came onto the scene under the moniker ‘A Fine Frenzy.’ You may remember her albums from the late aughts and early twenty-tens, featuring light and gentle songs like “Almost Lover” and “What I Wouldn’t Do.”  But after three albums, it was time for a change. Sudol explains, “I was just really, really lost and unhappy and uninspired. I didn’t know how I was going to make another record. So, I decided to take some time off.”  RICHARD QUINN dress available at Please Do Not Enter. That time off led to Sudol exploring a career in acting, and after stretching her legs with a few television roles, she arrived in the audition room for Fantastic Beasts for the part of a darling woman who could read minds. Like anyone committed to fantasy would, Sudol understood the weight behind the role. She was a fan of the Harry Potter series herself; she recalls bringing one of the later novels on tour and reading about horcruxes by flashlight when everyone else was out. And now, she’s the beloved Queenie Goldstein, and the second of five (!) Fantastic Beasts movies, The Crimes of Grindelwald, is in theaters today. Sudol says she can feel the magic.  “In a certain sense, it becomes normal in that we’re doing our jobs and we’re making the film,” Sudol says, “but there’s always this other thing which is that this is about magic… There is a sort of magic that even the brick and mortar of the moves have.” RICHARD QUINN dress available at Please Do Not Enter. She goes on, “And the way the people react around the world, the way that people need these movies is also that something that I don’t really forget. I get reminded of again and again and I’m really grateful for it — I’m grateful to be apart of that special thing.” And becoming Queenie has been a growing experience for Sudol as well. Before landing the role, she explains,  “I felt very distant from my femininity and my connection with that — I don’t know — that girlish part of myself... So it was a really beautiful opportunity to like, be such a feminine character who is smart, who is layered, and who is unafraid of wearing a dress and smelling good.” In the midst of creating Fantastic Beasts, Sudol has returned to releasing music, as well, now under her own name. Her first EP as Alison Sudol, called “Moon,” was released earlier this month, and features five dreamy and dramatic tracks that definitely don’t sound like anything on the radio -- in the most wonderful way possible. “It’s about leaving what you’ve known, leaving a constraining world, and going out into the unknown and exploring,” Sudol says of the EP. “At that time, I was exploring my own femininity, and my connection with other women.” It wasn’t until later that I realized the connection, the emphasis Sudol made on the power of femininity when speaking both about her new music and about Queenie. I wonder now what good the connection between these two empathetic, warm, playful, loving, women have brought each other. It’s not hard to imagine, though I guess that’s part of the magic.  Photographed by Kristen Jan Wong. Film by May He. Styled by  Mui-Hai Chu. Hair by Bobby Eliot at Starworks Group. Makeup by Gia Harris. Nails by Erin Moffett at Opus Beauty. Styling and Production Assistant: Jake Harrison.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Sacai x UGG Photographed by Robert Hamada  Sacai x UGG Photographed by Robert Hamada  Sacai x UGG Photographed by Robert Hamada  Sacai x UGG Photographed by Robert Hamada  Sacai x UGG Photographed by Robert Hamada  Sacai x UGG Photographed by Robert Hamada The classic California-based brand UGG is getting a remix with a collaboration with  Japanese brand Sacai. The UGG  redesigned by Sacai’s Chitose Abe maintains the boots silhouette while featuring an added knit upper. The  limited-edition collection will be sold exclusively at Dover Street Market in Los Angeles, perfect timing for LA’s chilly weather to hit. The release dropped worldwide at all Dover Street Market locations, Sacai stores, and on UGG’s website.  The line introduces three colorways and two heights including the Men’s Sacai Knit Classic Mini in chestnut, the Women’s Sacai Knit Classic Short II in grey, and the Women’s Sacai Knit Classic Mini II in Black. Prices for the line range from $325- $350.  The collaboration style will be available exclusively at Dover Street Market Los Angeles and New York on November 17th.   Photographed by Robert Hamada  Styled by Stacy Zimmerman Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Virgil Abloh x Social Studies tee (front, black)  Virgil Abloh x Social Studies tee (back, black)  Virgil Abloh x Social Studies tee (front, red)  Virgil Abloh x Social Studies tee (back, red) Baque Creative begins their second edition of Social Studies, a three-day educational, retail, and pop-up experience. This time, the event will make its New York debut at Milk Studios and feature an exclusive Virgil Abloh x Social Studies tee, available for purchase throughout the duration of the event and with 100% of proceeds benefitting La Casita Maria, a youth-focused organization located in South Bronx. Social Studies begins today, November 16th, lasting through Sunday the 18th. It features an onslaught of interesting happenings, from workshops to art showings to “Office Hours,” a unique inclusion experience wherein people are able to meet one-on-one with those featured throughout the weekend. Social Studies made a popular debut in Miami in 2017 and stands as an all-encompassing experience. The overarching goal of Social Studies is to encourage inclusion and aspiration, engaging people from all walks of life to never give up on their dreams. View a complete schedule of the Social Studies weekend below. Virgil Abloh x Social Studies event flier Where: Milk Studios, 450 W. 15th St. #800, New York, NY 10011 When: November 16th, 1pm — November 18th, 7pm (event times vary) Photographs courtesy of Sydney Reising. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    LOUIS VUITTON dress.    NATALIE COLLETTE WOOD chairs, DIOR dress and belt, and VERSACE boots.    CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC shirt, pants, and boots. NATALIE COLLETTE WOOD chair, JIL SANDER jacket and pants, and KEREN WOLF face mask. Of course, in many ways, Brewer has mastered navigating tension. The 26-year-old New Jersey native first broke through five years ago as Tricia Miller in Orange is the New Black—a spunky white-girl-with-cornrows and a hardcore neck tattoo who struggled with drug addiction, and who seems a far cry from Brewer herself. Since then she’s appeared on shows like Hemlock Grove and Black Mirror, as well as in film—a perhaps unexpected turn of events considering the 26-year-old initially attended The American Musical and Dramatic Academy in New York City, funding her way in part with prize money won in her local Miss Pitman pageant, and expected to be making a career on the stage. However, life rarely goes as expected, and maybe it’s all for the best—her recent role in the Hulu smash The Handmaid’s Tale has reached far more people than she’d likely ever manage from Broadway.   VALENTINO jumpsuit. Playing Janine (also called Ofwarren and Ofdaniel), Brewer masterfully navigates a terrifying and increasingly prescient universe where women’s rights are stripped away by an authoritarian, theocratic, and heavily patriarchal society, and women like Janine find themselves reduced to reproductive apparatuses for infertile elites. That said, however frightening the misogynistic hellscape that Gilead may be, it’s still fiction— at least for now. The falcon, however, is all too real. “I’m normally not near anything that could literally bite my hand off,” she says of the bird—a bit of an ironic statement given that in The Handmaid’s Tale’s first episode, she has her right eye ripped from her skull. The falconer assures everyone that Circa is quite safe. Still, scary business nonetheless.   The Handmaid’s Tale has become a potent symbol during a time of openly regressive politics and frequent cultural clashes, and Brewer is always trying to become more aware of the ways in which the show—and all her work—bears on the real world. Although she notes that Janine may not identify as a feminist, Brewer herself certainly does. “As someone who identifies heavily as a feminist, and as someone who is constantly checking in with myself and those around me to make sure I’m being the best possible type of feminist (A.K.A. an intersectional feminist), I do enjoy that the work that I have done and the work that I will continue to do reflects that.” While she is always down for pure entertainment, she also believes she can put her beliefs to work. “I love escapism, but I personally feel that as an artist it is your duty to take that to the next level, if you’re comfortable with that—and I am.”   DSQUARED2 bodysuit and MONOSUIT jumpsuit available at Flying Solo, Soho. Many of the worlds Brewer’s characters occupy are distinctly female—cordoned-off from society—whether in Orange is the New Black’s prison or The Handmaid’s Tale’s Red Center. But in these oppressive spaces, Brewer has set herself apart by playing strong, complicated women with nuance and empathy. “I have to literally put myself inside their brain,” she says, speaking of the empathy she feels for her characters and the complexity she brings to them.   NATALIE COLLETTE WOOD chair and MARC JACOBS dress and gloves.  Brewer is continuing to go dark in Cam, a feature-length film to be released on Netflix, directed by Daniel Goldhaber with a screenplay by Isa Mazzei, in which she plays Alice, a camgirl who is haunted by a sinister doppelgänger, Lola (also played by Brewer). The role challenged her, but also gave her a deeper insight into the importance of building a truly inclusive, liberatory feminism. “It’s about a woman who works in the sex industry as a camgirl, and that was something I had never explored. I never realized how much sex workers are treated as second-class citizens. They’re not treated as people, their work is not legitimized, they don’t have rights—and they haven’t for so long.”   When I ask Brewer how people close to her respond to seeing her in all these different lights—Tricia, Janine, Alice—she quickly lets me know that Cam hasn’t been uncontroversial. “Well, my dad just watched Cam and he hated it. But my dad’s a Mormon, so.... that was tough for him.” Point taken. “I’m not saying my dad can’t form his own opinions, but the way he grew up was that sex is bad, sex is wrong, porn is wrong, sexual autonomy is not something you ever want to talk about or want to explore or discuss. He just believes what he’s always believed.” As for her mom, “She is much more open.” She sits down with Brewer to watch the new The Handmaid’s Tale episodes when they’re unveiled and proudly attended the Women’s March in 2017 with Brewer and her aunts. “She doesn’t totally get it, but she’s trying,” Brewer adds. Which, after all, is sometimes all we can ask.   CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC jacket, gloves and balaclava.  Other actors were wary of taking on Cam, and Brewer’s manager was at first hesitant. “The thing with something that can be as subversive as this is that you have to have people who truly want to be involved. Otherwise it won’t be made correctly, and then you’re just filling a role. We could’ve had filmmakers who had no interest in telling the story truthfully”—the creator and writer, Isa Mazzei, is herself a former camgirl—“and then we would’ve had to have someone on set telling us exactly how to hold a dildo. Like, no. We had people there who know how to hold a dildo.”   Of course, there is one big difference between being a camgirl and being an actor on film and TV—camgirls get to control their own camera. “When you are a camgirl you have control of what people see and what people hear you say and all of that, and that’s why it can be so empowering. It’s your show. It’s your life. And you only show and do and say and express things you want.”   To prepare for the role, Brewer watched “so much fucking cam” “I had my camgirls that I modeled Alice after and that I modeled Lola after. It was like me watching Meryl Streep and being like, ‘I’m taking that.’ They are Meryl Streeps of camming, so I might as well listen to what they have to say.”   For someone who so often plays characters living in profound darkness, Brewer’s demeanor is bright and interminably friendly. But when I ask if she is an optimist herself, she’s quick to say no. “I’m a total pessimist. I’m like, ‘everything’s terrible.’ I think that’s just my anxiety talking, but no, Janine has taught me so much about looking on the bright side. If Janine can get through Gilead by being an optimist, then I can get through the day.” It’s a sentiment many fans share, thanks in part to Brewer’s commitment.   The Transience Issue Photographed by William Lords. Film by Jeff Clanet.  Creative Director: Sharon Pandolfo. Styled by Newheart Ohanian.  Hair by Keith Carpenter.   Makeup by Yumi Mori.   Nails by Michelle Matthews.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Oneohtrix Point Never  Oneohtrix Point Never  Oneohtrix Point Never  Oneohtrix Point Never  Oneohtrix Point Never  Oneohtrix Point Never  Oneohtrix Point Never The new Dover Street Market in Los Angeles is hosting a brand new pop-up shop with Brooklyn-based digital composer and producer Oneohtrix Point Never, on the same day that the electronic music artist’s new EP Love In The Time Of Lexapro drops.  Born Daniel Lopatin, the talented electronic musician who is signed to British electronic label Warp Records  has over eight albums under his belt. He’s also scored two feature-length films including The Bling Ring (2013) and the Good Time (2017), which won a soundtrack award at the Cannes Film Festival. In 2018 he premiered a conceptual live concert project MYRIAD  which has been featured at Barbican Centre in London, Shibuya O-East in Tokyo, Funkhaus Berlin, Le Centquatre in Paris, Monument-National in Montreal and Walt Disney Concert Hall in Los Angeles.  The release of his new EP follows the early summer release of Age Of, his eighth studio album. Love In The Time Of Lexapro will include two new tracks plus reworked songs off of Age Of  by Ryuichi Sakamoto and (Sandy) Alex G. Almost serving as an ode to his work as a composer, Oneohtrix Point Never’s pop-up will feature designs by artist, filmmaker, and author Harmony Korine. The exclusive selection will feature a collab with Oneohtrix Point Never and pro skateboarder Jerry Hsu's brand Sci-Fi Fantasy. All items for purchase can be found at acclaimed contemporary streetwear designer Avi Gold's gift shop themed section “Better Gift Shop”  at Dover Street. Fans can also purchase a limited edition white label Lexapro 12-inch vinyl along with other OPN pieces.  The pop-up shop and EP release premiere at Dover Street Market Los Angeles on November 23rd. 608 Imperial St, Los Angeles, CA 90021   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photo courtesy of Alighieri  Photo courtesy of Alighieri Tonight, Modern Society L.A. will showcase Alighieri’s new collection, The Museum of Memories. Alighieri is a London-based jewelry brand, founded by Rosh Mahtani. Inspired by Dante Alighieri’s ‘Divine Comedy’; each piece of jewelry corresponds to one of the poet’s 100 poems. The Museum of Memories is a cluster of Mahtani’s experiences, linked together through chains, in a bric-a-brac anthology, beginning with her earliest memory of the sound of her mother’s bangles clinking together, signifying that she was home from work.  Modern Society is a fashion boutique, founded by Nazifa Movsoumova. Starting with a series of international pop-ups, the store became permanent in 2015 in East London and has now made its second home in Culver City’s sought-after retail district, PLATFORM. Both spaces have been curated and designed by Movsoumova, and are linked by their industrial aesthetic. By securing exclusivity in the US market for designers including Carne Bollente, Valet and Georgia Alice, Movsoumova intends to seek out independent brands and bring new designers to the forefront.  Modern Society L.A. plans to host a series of events to celebrate the local area, creating a centre of social activity for residents, businesses and global visitors. Photos courtesy of Alighieri Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photos courtesy of Dior  Photos courtesy of Dior  Photos courtesy of Dior  Photos courtesy of Dior  Photos courtesy of Dior  Photos courtesy of Dior  Photos courtesy of Dior  Photos courtesy of Dior  Photos courtesy of Dior  Photos courtesy of Dior  Photos courtesy of Dior  Photos courtesy of Dior  Photos courtesy of Dior Last evening the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum hosted a pre-party for the 2018 Guggenheim International Gala. The event came to fruition with the help of Dior and celebrated the contributions of the Edmond de Rothschild Foundation and philanthropists Dimitris Daskalopoulos and Alice Walton.  The evening featured a special musical performance by R&B singer-songwriter Jorja Smith and DJ set by Amrit. Guests in appearance included the likes of Vic Mensa, Goldlink, Anna Baryshnikov, Olivia Palermo, Winnie Harlow, Hannah Bronfman, Eleanor Lambert, Princess Olympia of Greece, Adesuwa Aighewi, Maria Grazia Chiuri, Theodora Richards, Jenny Cipoletti, Maripol and more.  Photos courtesy of Dior Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Aleksandra Rastovic  Aleksandra Rastovic  Aleksandra Rastovic  Aleksandra Rastovic  Aleksandra Rastovic  Aleksandra Rastovic The East Cape coastline hotel, Vidasoul, is an eco-friendly escape located near San Jose Del Cabo. This modern beachfront getaway provides guest with a private beach with all rooms boasting prestigious ocean views. Charming and relaxing, the hotel offers a tranquil alternative to the traditional all-inclusive Cabo resorts. Each room incorporates chic furnishings with artwork by Northwest Mexico native Alan Hermosillo.  Vidasoul’s founder, Joan Hafenecker, shared with us that she originally bought the property for residency but the project took a different direction. They are now celebrating their 5th year as a hotel.  “The project started in June of 1999 when my son and business partner and I bought that property to subdivide and design resident homes. Tobias Hafenecker-Dodge is my son and the land developer/architect on this project. I was the inspiration behind buying the property and starting the project but Tobias took it to a complete other level. This is our 15th year with the restaurant and 5th year with the hotel that opened April 2013.”  Director, model, and  Flaunt collaborator Aleksandra Rastovic created self portraits on site during a recent surf trip,  While some visitors may go for relaxation, the boutique hotel does not stray from offering a wide variety of entertainment options. The hotel boasts live music, fine dining, full beach bar service, sports rentals, and access to local attractions.  “We offer a wonderful space for private events, conferences, weddings, retreats and photo shoots of which there have been many. We appeal to the people who hate the all-inclusive and the crowds, noise and activities that go along with those big hotels. We are the gateway to all the East Cape adventures with the surf breaks right next to us and Cabo Pulmo and Los Arbolitios and the Dunes to the North of us. People hike, ride bikes and ATV’s to get to us. They also just rent a car and head out across the desert." VIDASOUL is the Eastern Cape answer to your dream vacation and a perfect holiday getaway destination. Photography by Aleksandra Rastovic Swimwear by Dos Gardenias Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   MIU MIU dress and AGMES earrings. NYX COSMETICS Can’t Stop Won’t Stop Matte Primer, Can’t Stop Won’t Stop Full Coverage Foundation in buff, Glitter Goals Liquid Eyeshadow in Retrograde, Suede Matte Lip Liner in Ash Pink, Worth The Hype Waterproof Mascara, Micro Brow pencil in Brown. I sit down with Camila Mendes and struggle a bit to position myself on an awkward seat, somewhere in between a stool and a chair. She takes a seat herself, legs crossed, on a similar stool, and she manages to make this look not only comfortable, but elegant. As the rest of the team leaves the studio one by one, she is sure to give each a friendly wave goodbye. Somehow, she manages to remember each person’s name as well, despite the room being a flurry of looks and poses and introductions all morning. Now it is just Mendes, myself, and the manicurist who has stayed a bit longer to bring Mendes’s nails back to their signature Veronica Lodge dark red while we start to chat. This is Veronica of Archie Comics, but most recently of Riverdale, The CW series, which situates the classic characters in the present day, taking a darkly surreal look at the secrets of small towns and teen relationships. ISABEL MARANT sweater, pants, and boots and AGMES earrings. NYX COSMETICS Can’t Stop Won’t Stop Matte Primer, Can’t Stop Won’t Stop Full Coverage Foundation in buff, Glitter Goals Liquid Eyeshadow in Retrograde, Suede Matte Lip Liner in Ash Pink, Slip Tease Full Color Lip Lacquer in Cardio Bunny, Worth The Hype Waterproof Mascara, Micro Brow pencil in Brown. Mendes got the start in Hollywood that every kid who did a few too many plays, including herself, dreamed of. After high school, she auditioned for the acting program at Tisch School of the Arts at New York University. “I was willing to do absolutely anything to get into NYU,” she tells me. At her audition, when asked if she had any future interest in writing her own plays, she told them she had actually written a play of her own recently. “Because it was a school assignment, that I had to do, so I did it.” I love a good scam, and am now totally invested in the story. She was soon accepted into Tisch’s Playwrights Horizons Theater School. The drama students are sorted into one of ten studios at the school, each with a different theoretical framework for teaching acting. I perk up and we say at the exact same time, “like Hogwarts.” I almost confess that I’ve never actually seen or read Harry Potter, but I am too excited to have broken the ice, not that it was difficult. She is genuinely friendly, the kind of girl you could meet in a bar bathroom and end up swapping secrets and taking selfies within a few minutes. DRIES VAN NOTEN dress and talent’s own earring. NYX COSMETICS Can’t Stop Won’t Stop Matte Primer, Can’t Stop Won’t Stop Full Coverage Foundation in buff, Glitter Goals Liquid Eyeshadow in Retrograde, Epic Ink eyeliner in Black, Suede Matte Lipstick in Spicy, Suede Matte Lip Liner in Spicy, Worth The Hype Waterproof Mascara, Micro Brow pencil in Brown. Mendes’s freshman year, like many of ours, was punctuated by hangovers and missed classes. However, by sophomore year, she found herself dating someone who really inspired her: serious, passionate, ambitious, and artistic in all the right ways. She connected with an agent in the city shortly thereafter. She dove head-first into a few classes, learning to think not only as an actor, but as a writer and director as well. She started to “act every scene as if [she] was directing it,” and it worked. Then, as we love to say in Hollywood, it all happened so fast. She finished her classes a semester early, landed her role as Veronica, and shot the pilot. She graduated from NYU and attended up fronts for Riverdale the day. after. Upfronts are an annual tradition when both the stars of new pilots and returning shows are presented by the networks and do extravagant meet-and-greet events with potential advertisers, producers, and press, with the hope of selling valuable advertising slots. It’s a bit like graduation, presenting the newest and hottest shows hoping to be big hits. It’s hard for me to imagine this kind of time as anything other than exciting, but Mendes told me it was mostly stressful, and overwhelming, and she didn’t know anyone going through the same thing. VALENTINO top, pants, and boots and CF GOLDMAN corset. NYX COSMETICS Can’t Stop Won’t Stop Matte Primer, Can’t Stop Won’t Stop Full Coverage Foundation in buff, Glitter Goals Liquid Eyeshadow in Retrograde, Epic Ink eyeliner in Black, Suede Matte Lipstick in Spicy, Suede Matte Lip Liner in Spicy, Worth The Hype Waterproof Mascara, Micro Brow pencil in Brown. Mendes knows that she was lucky to find the right role at the right time. Her time on Riverdale has made her more confident as an actor, as she has proved to herself she’s capable of making it in the business. “We like to pretend that we don’t need validation, but before you make it, you’re always searching for validation. Am I capable? Is it ever going to happen? Will life align for me?” Mendes is a classic beauty, at the beginning of a promising career, and I am struck by her gratitude, watching her recount her insecurity. She is looking over my shoulder and I catch a glimpse of how she might have felt, a bit like the rest of us, before she found herself as an emerging actress. Veronica’s nails aside, Mendes bares little resemblance to the condescending city-slicker that colonizes the social battlefield of Riverdale. We chat for a while about her success within the Young Adult genre. She’s quick to point out that Riverdale, now in its third season, has been popular beyond the teenage demographic. The casting, writing, and acting is solid. She points out that if there’s anything distinctly Young Adult about the show, it’s the “kitschiness,” but that’s what makes it truly nostalgic for the Real Adult viewers, the ones who actually grew up with Archie Comics. The point that Mendes makes is a good one, and a deeper theoretical argument than it sounds. VALENTINO coat, SIMON MILLER jumpsuit, and ALISON LOU earrings. NYX COSMETICS Can’t Stop Won’t Stop Matte Primer, Can’t Stop Won’t Stop Full Coverage Foundation in buff, Glitter Goals Liquid Eyeshadow in Retrograde, Epic Ink eyeliner in Black, Suede Matte Lipstick in Spicy, Suede Matte Lip Liner in Spicy, Worth The Hype Waterproof Mascara, Micro Brow pencil in Brown. For one, capturing a teen audience is more difficult than it seems, as the audience is hyper-attuned to their own cultural nuances and hyper-critical of media marketed to them, always ready, phones in hand, to call out anything lame, dorky, or ‘off.’ The show is aware of its origins and does not try too hard to be a “modern” interpretation. It feels at times a bit ’50s, à la Archie, and at times a bit ’90s, à la David Lynch. The second comparison comes up a lot. The show’s creators and actors have been forthright about the influence of Twin Peaks, and the show rode the coattails of the reboot nicely. By drawing from influences both modern and timeless, with one foot in midcentury aesthetics and the other in the present, Riverdale resonates with everyone. Whether you’re partial to Archie’s debut in 1941, The Golden Age of Comics in the ’50s and ’60s, or Lynch on the little screen in the ’90s, “Tween Peaks” may pull a bit at your heartstrings. Beyond Riverdale, Mendes has already shot three films. There’s The New Romantic, a rom-com about a new sugar baby with a dark twist, in theaters November 9. In The Stand-In, she plays a character similar to Veronica, a “smart, ambitious” Yale student, “not at all a mean girl—she’s a good person.” However, the project she is most excited for at the moment is Coyote Lake, her first film lead. It’s an indie-thriller, a tragedy, a mother- daughter story, a bit of a love story. She spends a few minutes lauding the genius of the film, the ways in which the characters function as the story, the aesthetic, the theme, and the message. I am amazed at the ways in which she can effortlessly move between the sides of herself as an actress and sounding more like a film critic, or even a theorist. DRIES VAN NOTEN dress. NYX COSMETICS Can’t Stop Won’t Stop Matte Primer, Can’t Stop Won’t Stop Full Coverage Foundation in buff, Glitter Goals Liquid Eyeshadow in Retrograde, Suede Matte Lip Liner in Ash Pink, Worth The Hype Waterproof Mascara, Micro Brow pencil in Brown. I think about the ways in which Mendes is Veronica, is Riverdale: equal parts something old and something new, fun and intelligent, creative and well-researched. Mendes’ artistic dexterity enabled her to transform Veronica Lodge from a two-dimensional character into 3D. That third dimension is something all of her own; a grounded self-awareness and a keen understanding of her place, and Riverdale’s, in our rapidly- evolving zeitgeist. She is well-equipped, nails sharpened and polished, to climb great heights in this industry. How am I certain of this? To put it simply, Camila Mendes is “smart, ambitious, not at all a mean girl.” She’s a good person. Photographed by Parker Woods. Styled by Chris Horan.  Hair by Bryce Scarlett at The Wall Group. Makeup by Kayleen McAdams at Starworks Artists. Nails by Erin Moffet.  Video by Logan Rice.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   PRADA coat. Callum turner is well equipped to breach the walls around Hollywood. The 28-year-old Londoner’s humble beginnings have embedded him with an undeniable grit, which has proved to be useful as he challenges the status quo of the industry, pursuing his own unique path. Turner grew up in one of the few working-class areas in London’s Chelsea neighborhood. As an only child who was raised solely by his mother, Turner looked to the neighboring families and his football teammates to find a sense of community. To this day, family, friends and football mean a great deal to him. “I’m going home soon for my friend’s birthday party and to go watch Chelsea—I got season tickets,” he tells me in his thick Cockney accent, beaming a boastful smile. LOUIS VUITTON sweater, and ALEXANDER MCQUEEN pants Turner speaks of his childhood and hometown fondly, but it’s clear that by the time he finished high school he was looking for a way out of Chelsea. He longed for real world experiences. “Being at school wasn’t exciting for me, but I was desperate to learn.” When some modeling agents beckoned him to fly across Europe for a shoot, he didn’t hesitate to leave his old life behind. He rose in the ranks quickly and began modeling for top-tier clients like Burberry. His tousled hair, mischievous smile and muscular physique lent itself well to the endeavor, but there was no real passion for fashion, he confesses. When an opportunity to try acting presented itself, he once again jumped in wholeheartedly, without even stopping to check where he would land. With no formal training or experience, Turner was forced to learn on the fly. “I learned by jumping in the deep end. There’s a pressure there. That helped me learn quicker.” This sink or swim mentality helped him stay afloat through many challenging roles, spanning eras, genres, and motivations. He’s played everything from a Neo-Nazi punk rocker to a smitten 1940s soldier to a villainous 19th century aristocrat, always with his signature blend of disarming frankness masking deeper, more inscrutable machinations propelling his character forward. GIORGIO ARMANI jacket and shirt. As we discuss his past roles, he lists off nearly every single director he’s worked with, along with many of his notable costars, explaining how they were instrumental to his development as an actor. He’s quick to credit the team, and charmingly humble as he recounts his rapid ascent. “Everyone that you come into contact with, you take something from them,” he says. He contends that his ten days on set, with Jeff Bridges for 2017’s The Only Living Boy in New York were far more valuable to him than any acting course could ever be. “I’m hungry for information. Whether that’s reading Jane Eyre or a book on spirituality or space. I’m just hungry for as much culture as possible. Acting allows that to happen quickly,” he tells me. This desire for knowledge may not have flourished during his time in school, but on set it is at its peak. That’s why he looks for exciting directors to work with, rather than handpicking roles based on the character, genre, or budget. He opts to collaborate with risk-takers that he feels will push his boundaries, like Jeremy Saulnier (Green Room), Justin Kurzel (Assassin’s Creed), and Adam Leon (Tramps). “If x director was to say, ‘Let’s do a musical,’ I would be like, ‘Are you sure?’ And then I’d probably do it. I just want to work with good directors.” It’s not about awards or name recognition for Turner; it’s about the willingness to go out on a limb in order to share a unique point of view. PRADA coat and bag. Turner is doing just that on his own upcoming short film, Shift the Plane. He eagerly reads me his logline, explaining how the film works on two levels. “It’s about someone who can’t afford, even though they have a full time job, to move out of their family home. It shows what happens when a man or woman stays somewhere too long.” On a small scale the film operates as an exploration into family dynamics and personal stagnation. But on top of that lies an indictment of gentrification and the lack of opportunities afforded to those in the “lower classes.” For Turner, who grew up in public housing, this comes from a personal place. Now things are coming full circle for the actor. In November, he will be featured on millions of screens across the continent as Theseus Scamander, in the latest installation of the Harry Potter franchise: Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald. Taking the coveted role was a no- brainer for Turner, who accepted the role without even reading the script. “It was great as an actor to be with people who are at the top of their game. I pretended it was a small independent film that no one would see, because I wanted to remove all the pressure. But as an actor and as a person it was a gift to be on that set.” GUCCI coat, shirt, pants, and shoes. After eight years in the industry, Turner feels more confident than ever. “I’m getting to a stage where I understand more of the craft.” This ultimately came from hindsight, he explains. Paradoxically, through playing other people, he has found himself. “My feet are more on the ground, whereas before I was really running...I didn’t really understand myself yet.” He assures me that there is still plenty more room for innovation and evolution as a performer. He has a hearty “appetite for films,” and a “hunger to progress as an actor.” When it comes to life outside of work, though, fans are left to their imagination. Turner steers clear of social media, inadvertently casting himself as an enigmatic figure. However, through our conversation, it becomes clear to me that even when he isn’t busy on set, movies still consume his life. For starters, he’s rumored to be dating Vanessa Kirby, who plays Princess Margaret on The Crown. In addition, he spends his free time watching movies—he idolizes anything Daniel Day Lewis does and appreciates classic films like Mean Streets, which he’s seen “about fifty times.” What strikes me most though, is how movies have made their way into his subconscious. When I contemplate the horror of picking the wrong fork to use, making a table etiquette faux pas, he advises, “Just think of Titanic! Work your way in!” As for what’s to come? He flashes that smile again, clearly unworried: “The universe guides you and brings you what’s right for you. You never miss out.” The Transience Issue Photographer: Justin Campbell.  Stylist: Luca Falcioni.  Grooming: Jody Taylor at Premier Hair and Makeup. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017             Photography by Corey Cano Photo by Corey Cano. From left to right, photography by Bibi Cornejo Borthwick, Kanya Iwana, Drew Escriva, Grace Bukunmi, Lauren Ward, Maggie Shannon Recently on Melrose Place, photo director Suzanne Donaldson curated the ultimate female exhibit, utilizing the work of up-and-coming female photographers in support of the organization Step Up. The event, hosted in the Zero + Maria Cornejo Melrose Place storefront, displayed the work of six Los Angeles-based photographers: Bibi Cornejo Borthwick, Grace Bukunmi, Drew Escriva, Kanya Iwana, Maggie Shannon and Lauren Ward. The photographers each dressed their models in a piece from Zero + Maria Cornejo’s cool sim jersey collection and shot them in a manner that embodied their individual styles as artists.  During a lovely night of rosé and vegan cheese, guests and artists alike perused the work of our photographers among  Zero + Maria Cornejo’s bold and classy pieces. Limited-edition prints of the photographs were for sale at the exhibit, with all proceeds going to the Los Angeles chapter of Step Up.  Step Up is a charity designed to benefit girls in communities in need, bringing them programs that empower them to reach their potential as professional women.  Some of the prints from the exhibit are still for sale in  Zero + Maria Cornejo, and any purchase would support the work of female artists as well as girls in Los Angeles. The photographs are shown below.  Photo by Bibi Cornejo Borthwick Photo by Grace Bukunmi Photo by Kanya Iwana Photo by Kanya Iwana Photo by Kanya Iwana Photo by Kanya Iwana Photo by Drew Escriva Photo by Lauren Ward Photo by Maggie Shannon Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Markus Åkesson. "Now you see me" (2018)   Sara Shakeel. “CollageArt“  Honey Forestier. “Heads”  Martin Skauen. “Zebra-Divided”  Pelle Cass. “Future’s Pro Tennis” For several years now the ever changing world of digital art and internet curation has had Jordan Watson aka Love Watts take lead in dictating what the kids should see and covet. Naturally the digital curator has now taken steps towards allowing his audience to take part in collecting art with The Love Watts Project. The project will sell limited edition prints from emerging and established artists all for $45 a pop. Curated by Watson this commercial program seeks to help artist make work accessible to their ever grown admirers. Portions of the sales will also go to The Love Watts Foundation dedicated to supporting art programs in the inner city.  The prints will be made available for 24 hour periods with the items printed to amount ordered and will cease to be rereleased, with each numbered and authenticated by Love Watts. With his large portfolio of Instagram accounts and this impressive new project we spoke with him and his  partner Ryan Horne about the nature of the new digital collectors.  You have grown your digital empire to cover @watts @lovewatts.project @watts.fm @watts.on @watts.place @watts.coins @rollthis.pass that what is next? RYAN: We have a few very exciting projects coming up, starting with The Love Watts Project where we will be selling limited edition prints daily. ﻿WATTS:  Right now it's really important for us to focus on growing what we have today and making those channels true to their audience.   RYAN:  Ultimately, we do see ourselves as a digital content hub, with specific channels such as Art, Music, Fashion, Architecture, etc.  Almost like an internet version of Conde Nast.      You have a wonderful community of like minded collaborators how have you found each other and how have you grown through each other? WATTS:  The best thing about the digital age is how easy it is to meet people to collaborate with.  We almost always find our collaborators by first seeing something they made that inspires, and then contacting them with a project to do together.  Over the next year as we do more installations and pop-ups in a physical space, you will see a lot more of this from us.  We are very excited to show you what's coming next.  Stay tuned.   How did you start with this digital art madness? What was your background? WATTS:  Several years ago, I was managing my very good friend Theophilus London, and on the side I started posting pictures on Instagram in a Tumblr like fashion.  I wasn't doing it to gain followers or anything, it was more of an outlet for my interests. Since I was a kid, I always saw the world through a particular lens and that manifested itself best through digital media. As I started getting a response from people, The Love Watts Project started to snowball to where we are today. How do you feel you were able to step up above the digital angle with conceptual, performance and other who go between object and experience? RYAN:  The best thing about having a digital channel is that we are not restricted to traditional mediums of art. Paintings on a canvas can be shown as an image, conceptual or performance art as a video, so on and so forth. Our extreme flexibility in showcasing various forms of art has been the secret to our success. It's almost as if we have become a conduit for letting people know about interests they never really had. WATTS: I agree. We are basically using our digital space to create a manufactured experience that allows our audience to participate even though they aren't physically able to see the artwork.     What do you look for when it comes to curation and art? WATTS:  Is it interesting? Does it have a point of view? Does it reflect our current culture?  I always ask myself these questions when evaluating different pieces, but there isn't any one aspect that I look for.   RYAN: The access the digital age has given all of us to explore the art world has destroyed any preference for a particular style. We are able to expand our own knowledge, comfort, and experience with different types of art, and that's what we project through our various channels.   Your work intersects with fashion a lot, do you see fashion as a place for art as well? WATTS:  Absolutely. Its funny that you say that, before we started, different friends of ours in the fashion world would always tell us that the images we post would end up on their mood boards.  It's almost as if fashion is heavily influenced by art, but it is an art form within itself. With this in mind, we would like to focus more on the artistic aspects of art through our @watts.on channel which will showcase fashion as a place for art. For More information visit  LoveWatts Photographed by Matt Petranovic Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Though Belarus sits at the heart of Europe, not many people know much about it. That’s why Belarusian photographer Lora Makei wanted to showcase the “terra incognita” that is her homeland with her photo set “Hub of Europe.” Model Maryia Zlobich gives us a hint of the fashionable culture of the Belarusian youth in these pics. ANASTASIA SALECHUCK coat, vintage t-shirt and socks, ZARA jeans, and PULL&BEAR shoes. ANASTASIA SALECHUCK coat, vintage t-shirt and socks, and ZARA jeans. ANASTASIA SALECHUCK coat, vintage t-shirt and socks, ZARA jeans, and PULL&BEAR shoes. Vintage shirt and socks. Vintage shirt and socks. ANTON YAROSCHCHYK shirt and stylist’s own coat and pants. Photography by Lora Makei  Photography assistant is Ivan Ermak  Editing by Agnieszka Skrzeczek  Styling by Anton Yaroshchyk  Model is Maryia Zlobich  Make up by Nastya Timoshevich  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    LOUIS VUITTON top, skirt, glove, earrings.  BALENCIAGA sweater and earrings.  PROENZA SCHOULER coat and SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO boots.  SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO top and pants.  SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO blazer, pants, and boots. Any witch worth her salt is fluent in the art of channeling spirits. The jury is out on whether actor Tati Gabrielle has herself dabbled in the dark arts, but her role as Prudence, and the skill she shows as she embodies the spirit of the occult antagonist in Netflix’s latest nostalgia-fueled binge-watch The Chilling Adventures of Sabrina, give cause for suspicion. From the producers of Riverdale and based on a comic book series published under the Archie Horror imprint of Archie Comics, fans can expect to be thrown into a similarly twisted take on the recently reascendant Archie-verse. Off the small screen (Gabrielle is also a cast member in the CW’s Armageddon aftermath series, The 100), she is a compulsive creator: an artist that looks for stories in every part of her life. The young actor’s innate curiosity and empathy means she is always looking deeper, beneath the surface. As a Bay Area-native with a background in performing arts, Gabrielle has been in front of the camera since she was five years old. She began her career as a child model for Macy’s and Nordstrom, and by the third grade she landed the role of Lemony Snicket in an elementary production of A Series of Unfortunate Events. She pursued theatre in high school and college before relocating to Los Angeles in 2015 to take her career to the next level, which she has done through her consistent dedication and studied precision when it comes to her roles. “Before I become them, I want to know them as if I have known them my whole life—as if they’re my best friends,” she divulges. This proved challenging in the case of Prudence: the leader of a trio of malevolent witches known as the “Weird Sisters.” From the start, Gabrielle was intent on bringing complexity to the character. “I didn’t just want to be the mean girl,” she tells me. “I went to my showrunner, asked as many questions as I could about backstory, as much that they had figured out thus far—How do they think? What are their intentions?” As Gabrielle developed a layered understanding of the character, she developed a deep empathy for Prudence, akin to making a new, radically co-dependent friend. Although Gabrielle admits, Prudence isn’t exactly the friendliest person to keep around.  It was important for Gabrielle to fully examine the fabric of Prudence’s personality, building her character as a tightly woven mast durable enough to withstand the storm of ideas that creator Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa will inevitably inflict upon the cast. We spoke on the transient nature of television—its ever-changing sub-plots and the convoluted web of characters—and the mental gymnastics required to understand a character who moves through the world so differently from herself. “I’m a very bubbly, very happy, loving person, and Prudence is the opposite of those things. I had to think of her unique method of madness. And in figuring out how someone so evil would behave, I had to ground her thoughts into something with meaning.” As it turns out, acting is slightly more participatory than channeling. Gone is the meditative emptiness of the host; in its place stands human consciousness, coloring characters with personal interpretations.  Tati Gabrielle is bright and effervescent. I could hear her smile over the phone, in the love that beams out of her when she speaks about her profession and her characters. Her compassion gives Prudence a rare edge; a depth grounded in empathy that adds a human dimension to the cliché of the high-school mean girl. Whether she relies on witchcraft for her talents, or (more likely) has built them up through her unceasing inquisitiveness and instinctual compassion, it seems Gabrielle is intent on using her powers for good. Photographed by Mitchell McCormack. Styled by Monty Jackson at Starworks Artist. Makeup by Robert Bryan using Marc Jacobs Beauty.    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   A dinner table fit for fabulousness  Burberry introduces their new campaign “Close Your Eyes and Think of Christmas.” The star studded video is in the perspective of Burberry’s ghost of Christmas. In the first frame, it floats through an almost-too-perfect winter wonderland but escapes from the digital space of the television wallpaper. The ghost peeks into a train where Kristin Scott Thomas ponders, shadows and metro lights sputter in and out, the ghost flies into a feast inhabited by M.I.A and Matt Smith, and finally into a room with Naomi Campbell and her mom, Valerie Morris-Campbell. Director Juno Calypso, moves through the scenes with a perfectly balanced camera that flips the mundane into high art– voyeuristic, but only a little. Calypso is asking shoppers, did you make good or bad fashion choices this year?  Photo courtesy of Burberry Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   MSGM coat and dress and JOANNA LAURA CONSTANTINE earrings. EMILIO PUCCI dress and JOANNA LAURA CONSTANTINE earrings and ring. SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO jacket, blouse, and belt and JOANNA LAURA CONSTANTINE earrings. ZADIG & VOLTAIRE blouse and CHANEL necklace. HERMÈS dress and JOANNA LAURA CONSTANTINE necklace. BURBERRY coat and MOUNSER earrings.  Photographed by Matthew Tyler Priestley.  Model: Tanya Kizko at Ford NY Styled by Rachel Gilman. Hair by Linda Shalabi at See Managment.  Makeup by Mark Edio at See Management.  Manicure by: Kana Kishita using Chanel. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   FENDI sweater and boots, SIMONE ROCHA dress, and ADAM SELMAN belt. “I’m living off this ‘fuck it’ motto.” In a world where nothing is certain, Skyler Samuels gets it. But it’s an ethos I hadn’t expected coming from the blonde, blue-eyed, perfectly poised actress who plays the ice-cold Frost triplets in Fox’s The Gifted. The series sees Marvel manage yet another successful spin off, casting mutants against mutants, where Emma Frost and her two identical sisters (played by Samuels and the miracle of post production) have a fierce agenda. If anything, they give too many fucks. They are part of the Inner Circle, a band of mutants who believe they cannot live in harmony with humans, and are willing to fight attempts at reconciliation by any means necessary. Samuels manages the hat trick of bringing three individuals to life, and they’re a vision of vengeful beauty, wielding wild telepathic powers with sinister intent, while always maintaining a chilling calm. Talking to Samuels, though, there’s none of the Frost sister’s malice to be found. She’s sweet, thoughtful, and empathetic. Her words are liberally peppered with variations of the aforementioned “fuck it” ethos. She describes to me what it’s like being in the throes of the fan-crazy Marvel universe that has consumed so much of our modern media.“The Frost Sisters have existed in the comics for decades, so I feel a major responsibility to uphold the vision of the characters to fans who grew up on the X-Men,” she tells me.“It’s important to me that they’re happy, and our show is really good about hearing fan feedback and putting that into the actual writing of the show.” SIMONE ROCHA dress and RE/DONE tank top. Season 2 of The Gifted aired at the end of September, and Samuels is beaming with pride when she tells me about how far the show has come, especially with regards to representation. “Not just in race,” she says, “but in sexual orientation and beyond. Diversity doesn’t mean that you have someone of every color; diversity means you have people from all walks of life who look different and breathe different, who live differently, but know how to live together. Season 2 really talks about that and I’m proud of it.”  Her role as The Frost Sisters is evidence of this evolution. Though they’re an arguably villainous force, the sisters are a welcome step forward from scantily-clad, thinly-motivated female foils of the genre’s past.“This is the first character that I have ever played who is not motivated by a man, not at all,” she exclaims, proud of where her humble Disney beginnings on Wizards of Waverly Place and The Suite Life of Zack & Cody have led her. “The sisters don’t have a love interest, they’re not boy crazy. They’re power hungry for sure and they’re ambitious, at moments reckless. I really like getting to play characters in a world where it’s about fighting for what they believe in, defending others, and standing up for themselves. At no point are they motivated by a man and I think it’s pretty fucking awesome!” Her last two words have a pointed punch to them, and I think I might know who they’re aimed at.  VALENTINO jumpsuit, RE/ DONE tank top, and MARINE SERRE boots. Samuels’ early twenties have brought their fair share of knocks, as they do for many of us. There was a tough breakup, time spent figuring out which direction to take. Then, just two months ago, she tragically lost a close friend. But Samuels isn’t the type to stay down after taking a hit. Rather than wallow, she got on a plane to Miami to dance, cry, be grateful for the life she has, gave blind-dating a spin, and is doing just fine with the new “love of her life,” a one-eyed Shih Tzu, named Matey, she rescued on a whim, who has his own Instagram account with 4,000 followers. “I think it’s really easy to talk the talk of living in the moment and enjoying the now,” she tells me. “But when you experience loss you realize that you really have to do it and mean it.”  I catch a glimpse of vulnerability in Samuels, which reminds me that her range goes beyond kickass stoic mutants. Last year she shot the emotionally-taxing movie Spare Room. Samuels plays Lillian, a young widow navigating life after her high school sweetheart is tragically killed in Afghanistan. “It was hard,” Samuels says about taking on such new territory as an actor. “I didn’t wear a stitch of makeup in the movie. It was the most emotionally vulnerable I have ever been in my life. I had just gone through a really hard breakup and was on eggshells as a human person and this beautiful little project came into my life. It was such a cathartic process, to put all my own thoughts and feelings that were so present at that moment and time into this character.”  SIMONE ROCHA coat. Spare Room and The Gifted are projects that Samuels prides, a sentiment she says is rare among actors and especially for herself. “I think actors are the worst at being proud of themselves,” she says. “I’m a type A, perfectionist, super-student personality, so there’s always room to do better. There’s always those questions of, how can I improve? But in the midst of my ‘fuck it’ motto, you do what you do and that’s it, you can’t overthink all these things!” It sounds as though she’s giving herself a pep talk, and I am here for every second of it.  Rewind five years and a young, perfectionist student at Stanford is shooting Sharon 1.2.3., a romantic comedy that stars Matt Bush boning three women named Sharon. The film was released in late September of this year, a startlingly long time after the final cut was made. But it serves as a time capsule for Samuels, to look back at what a 19-year-old sophomore in college was feeling and to see how far she’s come. “I wonder if little Skyler knows that after she does this movie, so many things are going to happen to her. I’d never been in love at this point, but I was playing someone who was falling in love. I had no idea what it would actually be like, though.”  I ask what she would like to have said to her 19-year- old self, pursuing a degree in marketing, yet to ever hear the name Emma Frost. She thinks for a moment. “Be kind to yourself and just calm down, woman. I love you,” she says, her voice quieter and even more earnest than it’s been the entire interview. “It’s going to be fine. I really felt like I had to have all the answers, but the older I got, the more I realized that you never have the answers. No one does.” It’s an attitude she’s bringing to her career going forward. Although she plans to stay with The Gifted for as long as she can, Samuels is open to whatever comes next. “Fuck it,” she says. “Anything can happen.”  Photographed by Derrick Freske  Styled by Chris Horan  Hair by Ryan Richman using Living Proof at Starworks Artist. Makeup by Kirin Bhatty using Giorgio Armani Beauty at Starworks Artist. Film by Doug Krantz  Edited by May He  Music by Mosie  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Left to right: NEUW DENIM jacket, ALEXANDER MCQUEEN shirt, and SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO tie. ADAM SELMAN dress and SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO bracelet. PERFECTO jacket, THE KOOPLES shirt, and ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA COUTURE tie. Left to right: NEUW DENIM jacket and jeans, ALEXANDER MCQUEEN shirt, SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO tie, and KURT GEIGER boots. ADAM SELMAN dress, SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO shoes and bracelet, J.HANNAH earrings, and talent’s own tights. PERFECTO jacket, THE KOOPLES shirt, ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA COUTURE tie, NEUW DENIM jeans, and SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO boots. A voice off-screen asks the fan, and presumably several others, “What’s it like being young in 2017?” The answers are both hopeful and dire.  When I ask Sunflower Bean the same question, slightly edited for the times—“What’s it like being young in 2018?”—it takes them a moment to answer.  “The word that I wanted to say was ‘ominous,’” says bassist and lead singer Julia Cumming. “But I don’t think that’s true. I think that’s just how it feels.”  She would know. The band has had a close-up look at the United States during turbulent times over these last two years. They’ve been immersed in the energy of the youth flocking to their shows, both back in 2016 while on the road for their first album during the presidential elections, and just this summer, during the Kavanaugh hearings, as they toured their newest album, Twentytwo in Blue.  Left to right: SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO jacket, shirt, and boots, and KENZO pants. RHODE RESORT top, NEUW DENIM pants, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, TARA earring, and J. HANNAH earring. KENZO jacket, t-shirt, and pants and GIORGIO ARMANI shoes. And Sunflower Bean found that the kids are angry. Sunflower Bean is angry; you can hear that in their music. Like in “Crisis Fest,” an unvarnished truth-to-power ballad in the same vein as The Clash’s “Clampdown”—upbeat and emboldening, with gutsy lyrics like, If you hold us back, you know that we can shout/ We brought you into this place, you know we can take you out.  But Twentytwo in Blue can be soft and ethereal, too. Like youth itself, the album is at times moody and at others sweet, part manifesto and part love letter. All three members— Cumming, drummer Jacob Faber, and guitarist/vocalist Nick Kivlen—are twenty-two themselves, and their age, passion, and talent put them in a perfect position to speak to the power and the beauty of being young.  Sunflower Bean found their footing in the New York DIY scene back in 2013. Faber and Kivlen were in a band together originally, a group with an inclination toward shoegaze. Faber had been playing instruments since picking up the piano at five years old, and Kivlen was breaking out intense guitar solos his bandmates now describe as “sick.” Together they created Sunflower Bean, just around the time Cumming’s first band broke up. And so the trio was formed.  It’s been a prolific pairing. Proof of that is easy to find: only six months after the release of Twentytwo in Blue, Sunflower Bean is ready to put out a four-song EP called King of the Dudes. While Twentytwo in Blue took the band nearly a year to complete, Kivlen calls the new EP “a burst of spontaneity,” that they finished over the span of this past summer.  They’ve committed to trusting their instincts and not second guessing themselves. “As we’re getting older and making more music together, we’re just figuring out how to do what feels good,”Faber tells me. “We thought a lot about taking those initial guttural feelings, whatever’s making it so that we have to write this song, and just making sure that’s still intact when the song’s finished.”  This sense of urgency only builds upon the Sunflower Bean energy. With King of the Dudes, they are taking their current experience of the world, their understanding of the young people they interact with everyday, and capturing it in real time.  “If Twentytwo in Blue is about finding your power, I think the EP is about using it. Owning it,” says Cumming. “King of the Dudes is aggressive and it’s fun, and I think that’s what life is like right now. It just slaps you in the face all the time.”  With the new EP in tow, the trio says the year is “far from over” for them. They’ll be touring the UK this November with Miya Folick and Jesse Jo Stark, then on to Asia before returning to their original stomping grounds to play Warsaw in New York City on December 7th.  In the midst of all of this, Cumming will be working more with her political project “Anger Can Be Power.” Throughout the next few months, we can expect to see the organization produce live events like “Youth On Fire!” which they hosted last April after the Parkland shooting. The goal of “Anger Can Be Power” is to give young people in the community opportunities to get engaged and speak out about current affairs.  So, yes, Sunflower Bean is angry, but they are using that anger to create music that speaks to how they feel, and to create a platform for other young people. Their pursuit for a better world is relentless, and brings to mind the chorus line of their title song “Twentytwo”—I do not go quietly/ Into the night that calls me/ Even when I’m alone.  Now. What’s it like being young in 2018?  “I believe in progress,” says Kivlen. “I think that it’s slow and incremental, but the world becomes a better place as time passes. I think it starts with education and understanding.”  With that, Cumming edits her previous answer. “I will say ‘ominous,’” she says, “but also, ‘optimistic.’”  Photographed by Mowgly Lee  Styled by Britton Litow Hair by Kat Thompson at TMG LA using Ouai Makeup by Gia Harris using Marc Jacobs Beauty  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photos courtesy of Victoria's Secret  Photos courtesy of Victoria's Secret  Photos courtesy of Victoria's Secret  Photos courtesy of Victoria's Secret  Photos courtesy of Victoria's Secret  Photos courtesy of Victoria's Secret  Photos courtesy of Victoria's Secret  Photos courtesy of Victoria's Secret  Photos courtesy of Victoria's Secret  Photos courtesy of Victoria's Secret  Photos courtesy of Victoria's Secret  Photos courtesy of Victoria's Secret  Photos courtesy of Victoria's Secret  Photos courtesy of Victoria's Secret  Photos courtesy of Victoria's Secret  Photos courtesy of Victoria's Secret  Photos courtesy of Victoria's Secret  Photos courtesy of Victoria's Secret In the face of recent adversity in perhaps a more hostile and competitive environment that saw the share price of L Brands dropped by another 12% in the second quarter of 2018 and over 70% in the last three years principally on the persistent declining same comps sales and operating margins at its marquee lingerie brand, Victoria’s Secret hankered down at a midtown Manhattan pier transformed into a mirrored and video wall installation for the taping of its annual blockbuster show, this year scheduled for December 2nd on ABC at 10PM. Given the fact that business for any brand can go up and down like a pendulum, thus it is not conceivable that Victoria’s Secret can maintain its level of commerce without facing rough waters and greater competition on both fronts - brand image and brand products.   In an era where a fashion brand is called out if its runway show lacked diversity, which in 2018 means not only race and size but also age ranges, the annual Victoria’s Secret show continued unabated with its total emphasis on the look of top models like the squadron of IMG girls walking this show including the Angels Candice Swamepoel, Elsa Hook, Jasmine Tookes, Taylor Hill, Gigi and Bella Hadid, Shanina Shaik and a brand new girl discovered from the super agency’s scouting Insta account Alannah Walton. The show’s intentional and strict adherence booking of only top models that fit a certain profile and body shape creates a specific brand identity since its debut in 1995, a house code that is easily recognizable and a formula for a successful merger of entertainment and commerce that has now also become a goldmine for attacks against such a limited view on inclusion. Angels and angels’ fancy wings are so associated with the Victoria’s Secret brand and this isn’t an accidental happenstance but a roadmap careful layout to build the lingerie megabrand.   But now attacks come from both directions: on one side, there was for example the Savage x Fenty show at the Brooklyn Navy Yard, a sort of see now-buy now show by the pop star Rihanna that went viral because of the mix of models that she had casted that looked more like a cross section of urban and suburban girls of all sizes and shapes or that the models wearing Savage reflect the potential and actual customers who would be purchasing the products.  Social media had a heyday commending the all around singer for her breakthrough fashion show.  On the other hand, Victoria’s Secret is facing headwinds from many upstart competitors, smaller new emerging brands like Lively, ThirdLove, Evelyn & Bobbie, Aerie, yet still far from becoming household names but gathering a community and their business model present a danger to VS’s market dominance.   In the bigger picture scale of things, this pondering of the validity of Victoria’s Secret brand identity isn’t unique as discussions about brand heritage and relevance to consumers are taking place all across fashion from luxury behemoths to start-ups. How to evolve a brand’s known image built over the years so that the so called DNA or house codes can be a platform to spring forth new ways of story telling, which is now a crucial standard espoused by younger consumers?  In a rapidly changing demographic and social-economic sphere as well as in consumer buying habits and taste, this has been a fundamental discourse across the entire spectrum of brands not just fashion – consumers want to buy products from brands whose values  they also share.   Against this backdrop of hostility, this 2018 show embarked on a #metoo theme song of Girl Power with an video montage of several of the angels like Lais Ribeiro touting what being chosen for the show mean to them personally and professionally. ‘I want to own that,’ said one model about her quest to become a VS show girl and how she wants to own her rights.  Perhaps this was the brand’s answer to its critics and naysayers by having these supermodels taking ownership of their career in a forceful and positive manner.  Just moments before, Keala Settle took to the stage to perform “This is Me’, her hit song from ‘The Greatest Showman.’ An announcement was made to remind the audience that what the spectators were about to see was nothing less than the ‘Superbowl of supermodels.’ While words on the video monitors reminded everyone that the audience for the show grew by 45% from 2016 to 2017 which now totaled over 1.6 billion viewers globally and that VS remains the top lingerie brand owning 35% of the market share. Then Taylor Hill opened the show in the first Glam Royal segment wearing patchwork tartan pleated miniskirt, a red bra, a pair of red feathers wings and thigh high leather string boots.The show was divided into seven sections – Golden Angels, Flights of Fancy, Team Pink, Floral Fantasy, Downtown Angels and Celestial Angels – each coupled with entertainers like Shawn Mendes, Bebe Rexha, Halsey, Rita Ora, and the English rock band the Struts to woo the crowd.   The outfits in the show seemed to be less ostentatious, well a bit less ornamentations than in the past shows that I have seen. The Team Pink segment included more sporty and lounge wear clothes like silver shorts and small jacket tops, sweatshirts and hoodies and loungewear with the Pink logo and the Floral Fantasy pieces of flowers print leggings and parachute pants, easy cropped tee shirts and bodysuits, brief shorts and light tulle short dresses in collaboration with Mary Katrantzou. Even the seasonal Fantasy bra, which at some points cost upwards of ten millions dollars in diamonds, came back to earth in form of a bralette and chain designed by Atelier Swarovski and crafted with over 2,100 Swarovski Created Diamonds and Topaz. It is Elsa Hosk, who’s been an angel since 2015 who worn this year’s Fantasy Bra which now only worth a million dollar but with a caveat – customers can buy a version of this show bra the day after the taping.   Rest assure there were plenty of fancy wings of all kinds intended to transform the models into angels on TV like the giant parachute attached to Gigi Hadid, the silver studded corset bra and underwear and black feather wings on Candice Swanepoel, who gave birth four months ago, in the Golden Angel section where she walked past the Chainsmokers and Kelsea Ballerina performing on opposite ends of the runway.  For those who may want to mourn the end of this show too early ought to check out the ode to the eighteenth years that the model Adriana Lima, now 37 and mother of two daughters, has been walking each year that the brand devoted an entire section to her with a thank you sign as a backdrop. For her last appearance, Lima wore a silver embroidered top over a grey bra, grey slip and white peacock feather wings to the tune of ‘Praise You’ by Fatboy Slim. In between stage changes there were plenty of video reminders on the wall monitors to the longevity and vitality of the brand to possibly withstand both criticism and assure the correct products and sizing going forward at retail.   As a reality check, I have visited several VS stores around NYC principally in Herald Square directly across Sixth Avenue from the mammoth Macy’s and in Soho on Broadway, out of the 1.100 stores nationwide to just observe who the customers may be. Surprisingly the shoppers were quite diverse from many racial backgrounds and also they were of many sizes and heights.  Regardless of the aesthetics of the brand, at over 1100 retail locations nationwide bras are offered in the size range from 30A to 40DD told to me by a service representative at the store thus products do addressed the requisite size diversity of the consumers.  That said, even with the top selling bra with the brand logo and an armory of products under the Very Sexy Infinity Edge umbrella to fortress its commercial dominance that’s in decline, the show at best seemed static as its formula remained unchanged since 1995, stuck in avoid while defending itself created turf. What is a way forward for a brand that has only known great commercial success stemming from the annual must see show each year in early December? More profoundly, it’s also a question of whether a brand should stick to its own DNA and aesthetic or evolve with the times to satisfy everyone. The answers aren’t particularly clear but one thing is certain – if Victoria’s Secret continues to uphold its ‘heritage’ then perhaps the brand can be a much smaller lingerie company competing with other brands in its own sphere instead of being everything to everyone.  Regardless of the impact on the brand’s business, the annual show is sure to continue to attract wide audiences in for some fun and entertainment.   Photos courtesy of Victoria's Secret Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Ferragamo Holiday Collection 2019 Photo by Sofia Malamute  Ferragamo Holiday Collection 2019 Photo by Sofia Malamute Salvatore Ferragamo will be releasing a pre-Spring 2019 ready to wear collection dedicated to the Holiday Season. Ferragamo has added a contemporary spin to two of the greatest designs handed down from the Ferragamo archive, and we are obsessed.  The collection features inspiration from Salvatore Ferragamo himself. Such as  the iconic rainbow pattern featured on the wedges designed for Judy Garland. The chunky stripes and texturized heel made the shoe one of a kind, this 2019 holiday collection has made this legendary footwear its muse. Veering away from typical visions of pastel rainbows we are surrounded with the color tones are featured in the collection are deeper bordering on the darker end.  The rainbow pattern is definitely giving us a good case of stripes. Women’s Creative Director Paul Andrew has given new life to an archived 90’s print. Reimagining this print splicing it and re-proportioning it to create our new favorite holiday accessories. The silk scarves, shoes, and handbags can honestly bring joy to any outfit this season.   Andrew’s goal is to bring the passion and creativity of Salvatore Ferragamo to a new generation, “Being part of Ferragamo’s story is a true gift. Our dynamic creative community has all the rich heritage of this house to explore, and we enjoy total freedom to play with those codes from the past in order to reinvent them for the present. Shooting this campaign alongside Sofia and watching all that work come alive was extremely exciting. That’s because the greatest privilege in being able to explore the archive, passed down via generations of Ferragamo expertise and passion, lies in being able to introduce it to a new generation. Creative Director: Paul Andrew  Photographed by Sofia Malamute  Models: Fabienne Dobbe, Malaika Firth, Chuyan He, Tevin Steele, Ryu Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    B Akerlund  Courtney Trop and Olivia Zoë  Devon Lee Carlson and Jesse Rutherford  Jesse Jo Stark  Jesse Jo Stark  Laurie Lynn Stark  Linda Ramone and JD King  Loree Rodkin  Matt DiGiacomo  Nikolai Haas and Djuna Bel Chrome Hearts launched Sex Records at Maxfield. This limited edition collection features Chrome Hearts merchandise designed in collaboration with artist, Matt DiGiacomo, as well as one-of-a kind illustrated vinyls, apparel, accessories, and even desk chairs. The launch featured a live performance by Jesse Jo Stark who performed in custom Sex Records jumpsuits.  The pop up shop  at Maxfield 8825 Melrose Ave Los Angeles, CA 90069 Photos by Stefanie Keenan courtesy of Chrome Hearts  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Courtesy of Dior  Courtesy of Dior  Courtesy of Dior  Courtesy of Dior  Courtesy of Dior  Courtesy of Dior  Courtesy of Dior  Courtesy of Dior Wearable art-- garments, bags and so forth of supreme quality-- are birthed out of function and form, and begin at the maker stage. Ultimate craftsmanship is defined by attention to detail, and is a love-making of sorts, as artists and makers construct form through a molding of materials and a display of intricate design.  The Dior Book Tote in toile de jouy, is a finely embroidered tote, featuring a harmonious series of various animals. To construct, the tote required “more than forty-two hours of embroidery”, and “one million six hundred thousand stitches” all of which took place in a traditional, Italian family-run atelier. What proves to be even more divine than the tote itself, is the artistry behind it’s production.  Video and Images courtesy of Christian Dior Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    SALVATORE FERRAGAMO sweater and WRANGLER jeans.   GUESS jacket and jeans.  DIOR HOMME coat, jacket, and pants.  GUESS jacket and jeans.  LOUIS VUITTON windbreaker, jacket, sweater, pants, boots, and sunglasses.  MSGM jacket and sweater  SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO sweater, t-shirt, jeans, and scarf KJ Apa’s voice rings clearly and confidently across the line, traversing the thousand miles between us effortlessly. From the moment he picks up the phone, I feel that he’s speaking the truth—or at least what he knows to be the truth—in all that he says, as perhaps only the young and eager are able to. He was there (Vancouver, where he’s been subject to 16- hour days on set for Riverdale, making it a miracle that we have even this hour to speak), but it felt like he was here (the coffee shop down the block from my apartment in San Francisco).  The Auckland native has recently become a sensation thanks to his lead role as Archie Andrewsin the CW’s Riverdale. With season three now running, Apa continues to expand upon the strong and dynamic character he worked hard to build in seasons one and two. In each episode Apa, almost effortlessly, spans a breadth of emotions with Archie, masterly pivoting from rage to love and back again as the fast-paced drama unfolds.  In addition to acting, he continues to pursue music (guitar, specifically) in his spare time. Riverdale’s producers are no strangers to his musical abilities, as his strumming (and singing, too!) are often featured on the show. After only a brief introduction, I had already started to wonder if there was anything Apa didn’t do.  Now, back to tall poppy syndrome, because I’m sure you’re as curious about what the hell he’s talking about as I was.  GUESS jacket and jeans. Apa continues: “Everyone wants to be normal, no one wants to stand out. Creativity and absurdity in New Zealand are almost not accepted. Everyone in New Zealand just wants to get by...like, if everything is going well the way we’re doing it, let’s just keep doing it that way, ya know what I mean? So as soon as you kind of break that consistency, people are like ‘what are you doing!?’”  I tell him I think we all probably experience this repressed and repressive sensation in different ways throughout our lives, but I also feel that I am missing the true weight of his experience, that there is something powerful about growing up on an island where the limit of possibility does exist. Where it’s in front of you and it’s all around you and you can stare at it and see it and know it. It is the ocean, it is the sky, and it is the sun setting without pause for you, stuck on an island, in the middle of the Pacific Ocean.  And what does this stark understanding breed? What does the absolute knowledge that there are a finite number of courses your life can take? Acceptance for many, unrest for others. Apa is clearly an Other. And one of the lucky ones too— he made it to a place where Hopes and Dreams Come True: La-La Land, The City of Sunshine and Flowers, Los Angeles. A place where non-native species are the norm; where instead of poppies, you have palm trees, themselves transplants, craning insolently upwards to absurd heights.  “I ended up joining a talent agency in New Zealand when I was thirteen and I never worked, never got any auditions or anything, and then one day, when I was sixteen, they asked me to audition for this soap opera. I was like, Okay, I’ll give this a go. To this day I still don’t actually know why I did that, because I was so uncomfortable going in, but I still did it...I forced myself to just go and do it. Which is kind of crazy, because that decision is the reason why I’m here.”  He got the gig, and after a few years on one of the soapier soap operas you’ve ever seen (it’s called Shortland Street, there are 6,000 episodes, and I highly encourage you to watch it), the opportunity to fly to America to audition for a part arose. And with that, Apa had left the island. Kind of.  We continue to talk about the opportunities Apa has had since arriving in the States; as he rattles them off, I am quietly searching for a connection between them all. Perhaps sensing my racing thoughts, or perhaps because this was a common line of question for the young actor, Apa gladly makes the connection for me: “Being from New Zealand and playing an American character is pretty much what I’ve been doing since I came to the States.”  Upon further discussion, “pretty much” is an underestimation: Apa has actually been cast as an American high schooler in every major project he’s booked so far in the US. His first-ever audition in Los Angeles was for A Dog’s Purpose (a DreamWorks picture where Apa playeda young, small-town boy who loves his dog), and after finishing that, “I came back and immediately auditioned for Riverdale”—where Apa stars as hometown hero and jock, Archie Andrews. Most recently, Apa appears as Chris, the high school boyfriend of Starr, the heroine in George Tillman Jr.’s film adaptation of Angie Thomas’ book, The Hate U Give. Netflix’s The Last Summer will be the next opportunity for his fans to see his smile flash across the silver screen and honestly, we can’t wait. The role marks a graduation of sorts— this time around, he’ll be playing someone who navigates the tricky territory between high school and college with a group of friends.  For a guy who tells me: “I never saw myself being an actor, I always saw myself being more of a musician, I wanted to actually play music or play rugby,” Apa sure has mastered the craft quickly, and continues to grow as new roles open up to him—this (and perhaps his looks, and charm) is precisely why he’s beloved by millions. As someone who’s followed the show sinceits premiere, I feel like I’m growing and learning right alongside Apa. But is he done growing? In his position, it might be easy to settle into things, stick with what works. Is there room for this poppy to grow yet higher?  We arrive at the time in our conversation when all writers writing about actors must ask the obligatory question: So, how do you prepare for your roles? What’s your technique? Given what I had learned of Apa thus far, I was expecting him to be a method actor through and through. He had gone beyond the limits of what he thought his life would be, saw how far that horizon stretches, and he was ready to pour his new creative energy and emotion into the work in front of him, pushing ever further. That’s why I miss a beat when he proffers his answer.  “I think my approach to acting was always: ‘I’m only acting’. It was never fully investing emotionally... my personal life and stuff, I keep that separate to what you see on screen. But every now and then—you can’t really control it—sometimes you slip into yourself in a scene and you end up ruining it, or you end up just feeling all kinds of things...it’s hard to explain.”  LOUIS VUITTON windbreaker, jacket, sweater. Apa professes that his choice to see his work as “only acting” isn’t really a choice at all, rather a natural default setting—this is where I choose not to believe him. Not because I think he’s lying, but because he simply can’t see over the horizon to experiences unexperienced. He may be out of New Zealand, but he is still stuck on an island, somewhere. He is still a poppy being told he’s growing too tall.  So, when Apa talks about “seeing guys who are on set who put themselves into a place emotionally where it’s like...geez man, why do you do this to yourself? Why don’t you just act? Can’t you just act?” I want to tell him maybe he just hasn’t found the right role yet, that there’s still so much room to grow, that he needn’t rule anything out. But he presses on. “I haven’t been in a position where I’ve gotten that into it. I don’t feel like I need to in order to do the story or the character justice.” I believe him when he says this. But what I also believe is that he’s been cast in roles he doesn’t feel the need to throw himself into.  “It’s not like I was researching how to be an All-American kid...because you’re surrounded by American content in New Zealand… and that’s why the acting comes easier to Australians and New Zealanders, because the content over there is predominantly American content. We’re always listening to American music— all the hit songs are American, all the best movies are always American, the radio stations are sometimes even American...I’ve got mates who have American accents just from watching so much TV when they were little.” For Apa, playing an American high-school football star is not the most resonant experience. Simply because he gets it. He knows how to put on the accent, play the trope, and play it well. He’s known how to do it before he ever set foot in Los Angeles. As our time together draws to a close, he recognizes this with me, acknowledging that, “I just don’t think that as an actor— who hasn’t been acting very long, who never really wanted to act—I don’t think I’m at a place where I’m ready to pour my life into a character. There will be a time and a place and a character for that, but it’s not now.”  I have an immense amount of hope for, and confidence in, Apa as he continues to land parts and grow his career. For he is at the beginning, not the end of his journey. Rather than slipping comfortably into a role he knows he can play, he will, moment by moment, continue to grow as tall as he’s dreamed he could, without fear of being cut down.  Photographed by Justin Campbell Styled by Monty Jackson Groomed by Win Liu at Lizbell Agency  Location: The Shangri-La Hotel Vancouver  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photo courtesy of HUGO BOSS x Jeremyville.  Photo courtesy of HUGO BOSS x Jeremyville.  Photo courtesy of HUGO BOSS x Jeremyville.  Photo courtesy of HUGO BOSS x Jeremyville.  Photo courtesy of HUGO BOSS x Jeremyville. Photos courtesy of HUGO BOSS x Jeremyville Photo courtesy of HUGO BOSS x Jeremyville The holiday season looks chicer in BOSSville, which is where, of course, the new collaboration between HUGO BOSS and artist Jeremyville takes us. The BOSS x Jeremyville holiday collection is both sleek and fun, starring BOSS’ classic looks and featuring unexpected pops of pink and yellow through designer and author Jeremyville’s cast of cartoon characters.  BOSSville is slated to be quite the holiday destination, whether you’re shopping for playful pieces to add to your own winter wardrobe, or you’re looking for the perfect gift. You’ll find what you need. New York-based Jeremyville’s characters are now available on BOSS-designed shirts, brooches, ties, phone cases, and more, darling!  Check out the collection here.  Written by Zoe Banoža  Photos courtesy of HUGO BOSS x Jeremyville Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Hermès Carré Club opening night Photo courtesy of Hermès  Hermès Carré Club opening night Photo courtesy of Hermès  Hermès Carré Club opening night Photo courtesy of Hermès  Hermès Carré Club opening night Photo courtesy of Hermès  Hermès Carré Club opening night Photo courtesy of Hermès  Hermès Carré Club opening night Photo courtesy of Hermès  Hermès Carré Club opening night Photo courtesy of Hermès  Hermès Carré Club opening night Photo courtesy of Hermès  Hermès Carré Club opening night Photo courtesy of Hermès  Hermès Carré Club opening night Photo courtesy of Hermès  Hermès Carré Club opening night Photo courtesy of Hermès On a crisp Fall night (for Angelenos this simply means any temp below 70 degrees), Hollywood was giddy to shake out their Autumnal throes for an outing on Melrose Ave. Bags and necks draped in Hermès scarves for the launch of the très chic, française monolith Hermès’ #CarreClub. The immersive setting was a celebration of the iconic square, and the rich artistry of the heritage brand’s craftsmanship.  At the entrance, guests were greeted with a Carré click and a membership card which allowed for exclusives and a covetable members patch. After the check in, guests entered a Wonka-esque working atelier featuring studios by Cyrille Diatkine, who created speedy portraits of guests as part his "Sketchomaton" session. Edouard Baribeaud colored the intricate drawings printed on the ‘carre’ scarves’. The illustrator Virginie Jamin improvised around her scarf designs and Alice Shirley shared her creative process, painting of an array animals in vibrant, surreal settings. Most impressive was the giant printing installation by Octave Marsal and Théo de Gueltzl which fused performance and craftsmanship in their organic forms. The event offered a gif photobooth against a wall of decadent red velvet, while a row of land-line retro phones sharing Carrés memorable moments. A self-contained Carré OK (pronounced ‘Karaoke’) provided a much-needed moment of song and dance; at one point the open doors inspired a spur-of-the-moment dance party. Next to the booth drenched in the baroque prints was the cafe providing nibbles of sandwiches and canape— all presented as squares, of course.  In this world of decadent squares, the Hermès Carré Club has stylishly adapted two centuries of French heritage for their modern Hollywood devotées.   Hermès Carré Club is open until November 11, 12pm - 8pm. Free Admission  8175 Melrose Avenue. Photos courtesy of Hermès Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   All clothing, jewelry, and accessories by CHANEL. December 2018 is a big month for the French fashion mega brand Chanel in the U.S.  On December 4th, Karl Lagerfeld will hold the house’s 15th annual Métiers d’Art at the Temple of Dendur inside the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York.  Since its debut in 2002, Shanghai, Moscow, Paris, Salzburg, Hamburg, and Rome have hosted this pre-fall show that features the artisanal work of the various specialized Parisian handicraft industries such as the embroiderer Lesage or the feather and floral maker Lemarié now all consolidated under the Chanel corporate umbrella.  Closed since 2016, the expanded five floors 14,000 square feet Chanel flagship store on 57th Street, the largest store in the U.S. also reopens after a complete renovation by Peter Marino with special editions 2.55 bag with iconic New York souvenir charms, two one of a kind 11.12 bag in crocodile with diamond encrusted hardware and off course a new scent specific to the store, Les Exclusifs de Chanel 1957 as well as merchandises from the resort 2019 collection shown in Paris early this May.  Cruise or resort clothes usually delivered to the stores around mid November and stay on the retail floors until February has now grown into a big business that can represent one of the most important collection of the selling season eclipsing the habitual fall and spring regular show collections due to the resort clothes staying longer on the sales floors at full price range.  Deep inside the state of the technology building in Pantin housing the Chanel archives on the outskirts of Paris, Odile Premel, the archivist responsible for the house’s entire range of products from the first perfume bottles (No. 5) to the gamut of haute couture, ready to wear garments and jewelry all neatly stored and marked inside temperature controlled and computer accessed moving vaults.  The archive serves not only as a repository of the multifaceted history of the Chanel company – the principle icons, themes, products and perhaps also the mystique that built the brand but also as the ingredient that the house can utilize and transform into different messages each season but all stemming from the same source.  Inside one of the shiny black drawers under a glass cover is a sailor blouse in pale beige silk jersey, originally made in 1916 – the oldest piece in the entire archive.  This sailor blouse was designed three years prior in 1913 and launched in Deauville as part of a small series of outfits inspired by sailor suits made in easily wearable and practical fabrics such as wool and silk jersey. Thus, marking the first-ever collection in between the fall and spring official seasons.  In fall 1919, Gabrielle Chanel presented a larger collection made for those traveling to Biarritz for the holiday seasons as well as spa towns along the Riviera and Venice beaches. By 1933 the designer added suiting and evening dresses for the holidays and cruise ships passages. A frequent passenger on cruise ships herself, Chanel knew what wardrobe would be necessary for such long trips. In one of her stopovers in Monte Carlo in 1929, she discovered the village of Roquebrune-Cap-Martin and fell for a property that eventually became La Pausa, her Riviera summer property that the Chanel corporation recently purchased from an American owner.    Several photographs of this Riviera summer villa feature its grand circular white staircase and large backyard garden, hung on the walls in one of the many rooms at the Chanel Patrimoine building.  This past May La Pausa is reincarnated to serve as an essential signifier of the Chanel brand linking its past to the present, like much of the other Chanel ‘heritage’ stored in Pantin - a resurrection from the archive to make the heritage alive again for today’s audience.  The current manifestation of La Pausa is the name of the 400 feet faux cruise ship that took over a month and a half to construct off-site. It took two weeks to assemble the ship inside the Grand Palais as a center stage for this cruise show, the latest incarnation since 2,000 when Chanel separated cruise collection and dedicated with its proper show.   Sounds of waves, seagulls, and rumblings of a busy seaport readying for a major departure of a giant ship included a loud whistle calling on passengers to embark can be heard moments before the first model exited from inside the giant ‘ocean liner’. Walking down a gangplank and ramp wearing a white boatneck sailor long sleeve tee, black and white striped pants and white beret - the mood set the tone for a sea-bound journey. The sailing trip attire included round shoulder cropped jackets, short skirts in pastel cotton tweeds, Scottish cashmere multicolor striped sweaters and skirts, high waist sailor pants, plenty of pearls, metallic leathers, light dresses for the night, and of course the absolutely required accessory - straw, sun or beret hats.  Casual and sportswear silhouettes adhering to the overall nautical theme dominated. Even the classic Chanel suits were rendered with lightness radiating an air of less formality and there were nods to streetwear. Shredded denim capri pants and cropped jeans jackets were seen in full panorama when all the models descended for a finale marching to the disco sound of the Pet Shop Boys’ Go West. Photographed by Fabien Montique. Style Director: Long Nguyen. Models: J Moon at MP, Paris and Bibi at New Madison, Paris.  Hair and Makeup by Pauline Caputo.  Casting by Nicolas Bianciotto. Producer: William Romeo. Beauty notes: Boy de Chanel Foundation 20 Light and 60 Light Deep, Le Teint Ultra Tenue 20 Beige and 40 Beige Rose, Joues Contrastes Powder Blush 360 HyperFresh and 64 Pink Explosion, Les Beiges Eyeshadow Palette Light, Illusion D’Ombre Convoitise, Stylo Yeux Waterproof Espresso, Rouge Allure Velvet Peaceful and La Favorite, Rouge Coco Stylo Panorama and Lettre, and Le Vernis Nail Color Ballerina and Organdi all by Chanel. Elixir Ultime Oil Serum, Discipline Anti Frizz Smoothing Spray and Discipline Blow Dry Smoothing Primer by Kérastase.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   #SaintLaurentPersonality Photo by: Daido Moriyama #SaintLaurentPersonaility Photo by: Daido Moriyama #SaintLaurentPersonality Photo by: Daido Moriyama #SaintLaurentPersonality Photo by: Daido Moriyama Most of us want to wear our Saint Laurent jackets as an asset of our most fashionable selves. However, Saint Laurents new art project, SELF, was produced to show off the expression within the luxury brand as a reflection of the worlds individuality. Through the lens of the most creative minds around the globe, each hand picked by Anthony Vaccarello himself, SELF provides art embodying the no bullshit, censorship-free persona within each stitch of Saint Laurent’s style. In the climate of today, it is not only accepted but truly necessary for each and every person to be the most raw, creative and outspoken version of themselves.  Saint Laurent used this notion to produce a project reflective of societies norms and artistically displayed their core values as a brand to ultimately shake that shit up. The first of the visionaries working on this project is Daido Moriyama, an influential photographer from Japan. His contribution to SELF will be displayed upon the light installation of Paris’ Galerie d’Orléans courtyard, in front of Palais Royal garden, from November 9th to November 11th. Saint Laurent’s SELF is just getting started, yet its already sparking the singularity and artistry in all of us. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Xion Mikol, wearing GUESS  Derek Hough, wearing GUESS  Swae Lee  Jessica Raemy, wearing GUESS  Ayla Woodruff, wearing GUESS  Anastasia Karanikolaou (right), wearing Marciano blazer, with guest  Megan Nicole, wearing GUESS  Hanna Beth Merjos, wearing GUESS  (right to left) Scheana Marie, wearing GUESS, Raquel Leviss, Janet Elizabeth, Billie Lee  Tika Camaj  Gatsby Randolph  Kelvin Peña, with miscellaneous canine  Alyson Stoner, wearing GUESS  Manu Rios  DJ Honey, wearing GUESS  Bryce Dettloff, wearing GUESS Last night on a West Hollywood rooftop, GUESS celebrated the launch of its Holiday 2018 Campaign with a “Bright Lights, Big City”-inspired evening. Fashion influencers and VIPs gathered in looks from GUESS and Marciano, sporting vibrant faux furs, sequins, and holiday dresses. The campaign, held by GUESS’ Chief Creative Officer, Paul Marciano, was shot in the streets of Los Angeles, paying homage to the roots of the company’s inception in 1981. “I decided to shoot the holiday campaign in the streets of Los Angeles,” he said. “Where GUESS began for me and my brother Maurice when we started the company.” The party at the Jeremy Hotel saw notable guests, including Anastasia Karanikolaou, Derek Hough, Swae Lee, and many others. See photos from the campaign (below) and the event (above). Read more on Guess’ new generation with Nicolai Marciano and see our archive shoot with Guess. GUESS’ Holiday 2018 Campaign, photo courtesy of GUESS GUESS’ Holiday 2018 Campaign, photo courtesy of GUESS GUESS’ Holiday 2018 Campaign, photo courtesy of GUESS GUESS’ Holiday 2018 Campaign, photo courtesy of GUESS Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Selections from The World of MIETIS Photo courtesy of Please Do Not Enter  Selections from The World of MIETIS Photo courtesy of Please Do Not Enter  Selections from The World of MIETIS Photo courtesy of Please Do Not Enter  Selections from The World of MIETIS Photo courtesy of Please Do Not Enter  Selections from The World of MIETIS Photo courtesy of Please Do Not Enter  Selections from The World of MIETIS Photo courtesy of Please Do Not Enter  Selections from The World of MIETIS Photo courtesy of Please Do Not Enter  Selections from The World of MIETIS Photo courtesy of Please Do Not Enter The World Of Mietis - opening night Nov.7 (6-9pm) 643 N. Flores Street Los Angeles | Art installation @Pilar_zeta 🔮 We are waiting for you ! Please Do Not Enter is bringing the world of MIETIS to LA as they debut in the US. MIETIS is a Spanish based brand that uses high quality leather in a unique way combining the best quality  craftsmanship and original designs.  Emmanuel Renoird and Nicolas Libert, owners of Please Do Not Enter, discovered the label during Paris Fashion Week 2017. They were captivated by the focus on only leather clothing. MIETIS comes across similar to that of French brand Jitrois that showcases structured leather ensembles, however Renoird saw it as an updated version with a more feminine contemporary look.   Formed in 2017 by Maria Fontanellas in Barcelona, the label is produced by her families company Fontanellas y Martí. Run by three generations since 1954, the family leather tanning traditions inspired her to reinvent leather with modern design.  Inspired by Barcelona art deco architecture the garments contain structure and elegance while maintaining the integrity of the leather. The release at Please Do Not Enter also sees an installation with the Argentinian artist Pilar Zeta, a musician and artist playing with 80’s Memphis and post modern computer designs. MIETIS is targeting all kinds of women while focusing on those who have an appetite for new and innovative things, those that value self expression and sustainability.  The exhibition will open November 7, from 6-9pm, and will be on view until December 7, 2018 Tuesday - Saturday 11am - 6pm 643 North Flores Street Los Angeles CA 90069  Photos courtesy of Please Do Not Enter       Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    SALVATORE FERRAGAMO coat, TODD SNYDER shirt, LEVIS MADE & CRAFTED jeans, and BRITT BOLTON JEWELRY necklace.  BELSTAFF jacket, LEVI’S MADE & CRAFTED jeans, and DR. MARTENS boots.  DRIES VAN NOTEN sweater, CANALI pants, and BRITT BOLTON JEWELRY necklace. DIOR HOMME shirt, vest, and pants and BRITT BOLTON JEWELRY bracelet. Billy Magnussen looks like the handsome version of someone you know but can’t quite place. Did your cousin bring him to the family BBQ? Was he your TA in comp sci? Or that flirty lifeguard from your summers in Cape Cod? More likely, it’s because you have seen Magnussen before, even if you didn’t know it. That won’t be the case for long. Magnussen is blowing up. He’s everywhere. Name a genre, and in the past two years, Magnussen has taken it on. Comedy: he recently played Ryan in Game Night, where chemistry with co-star Sharon Hogan was so strong they now have an Amazon project in the works. Political satire: you can find Magnussen alongside Tiffany Haddish in The Oath, the Ike Berkowitz-directed film about a family torn apart by politics at Thanksgiving dinner. Horror: yep, in the CBS All Access show Tell Me A Story. He’s even in Cary Fukunaga’s Maniac on Netflix, with Emma Stone and Jonah Hill. Disney? He’ll be in the 2019 live-action Aladdin. Needless to say, Magnussen’s been busy. He insists though, that this year’s schedule isn’t abnormal for him. “I’ve been hustling for years,” he tells me. “It’s just that now, people are noticing.” Magnussen and I meet at An Choi, a small Vietnamese restaurant on the border of Chinatown and the Lower East Side. With a recorder ready and a notebook full of questions, I set up shop in a two-person booth as the stylists and photographer prepare for the shoot. When Magnussen shows up, he looks a little tired, smiles, introduces himself, and says, “Let’s get a coffee and go for a walk.” I oblige, and we go to a coffee shop across the street where we both order a small coffee with oat milk. I put my bag down at a table, trying to hint that maybe we should just sit down. “C’mon,” he smiles, and I’ll admit I’m a little charmed. “I haven’t walked the Lower East Side in the longest time.” BILLY REID shirt and FENDI pants. Magnussen was born in Queens, where he lived until he was ten, when his family moved to Georgia. He was an athlete who found acting by accident—literally. A sports injury benched him so he gave theatre a go. Since then, it’s been his life. “The past 11 years have gone by in a flash,” he says of his acting career. A 2013 breakout theatre role in Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike snagged him a Tony nomination, and from there, things have been moving pretty fast. He sang in Into The Woods, he was in the criminally underappreciated Ingrid Goes West alongside Aubrey Plaza, and now, he’s pretty much everywhere. Recently, the common denominator in a lot of Magnussen’s performances is that he hasn’t been playing the greatest guys. Jen Chaney in Vulture described his character in Maniac as “a douchebag of many colors.” In Game Night—one of the few Jason Bateman comedies that will actually make you laugh—Magnussen’s character Ryan is, to put it nicely, dumb as dirt, his charm only accessible through Sharon Horan. And in The Oath, Magnussen plays an officer in a made-up, fascistic force called the “Citizens Protections Unit.” He swears to me, up and down, that he doesn’t seek these roles. “Do I go out and pursue them? No!” He laughs. But the roles keep showing up. I conjecture it’s 1: because he’s good at them, and 2: because of his look. “I have that all-American, elitist, WASP-y look,” he says. This amuses Magnussen, because, as he assures me, it’s “the opposite” of who he is. DRIES VAN NOTEN sweater, and BRITT BOLTON JEWELRY necklace. Spending a morning walking around the Lower East Side with Magnussen, I don’t disagree. He wears black jeans and a beige Carhartt shirt. He notices I am struggling to take notes, hold a coffee, and walk all at the same time, and finds a bench for us to sit on, acting like he wanted to sit. I ask him about himself, and he in turn asks about me, not to divert from the questions—he answered all of them—but because he says he “just loves meeting people.” When I bring up a character he would want to play that he hasn’t had a chance to yet, he looks prepared for the answer. “I want to be the hero,” he tells me. “Or the love interest.” Magnussen “loves love.” He says this multiple times. And he wants to show that part of himself on screen, and to the world. “You don’t feel good playing monsters all the time,” he admits. And if you spend some time with Magnussen, you can tell he’s someone who likes to feel good. He doesn’t take himself too seriously. He laughs about stupid stuff that happened onset. He praises just about every person he’s ever worked with. Jason Bateman: “amazing.” Tiffany Haddish: “the best.” Cary Fukunaga: “a genius.” Magnussen remarks repeatedly “how crazy it all is,” whether the “it” he’s referring to is being interviewed for a magazine, acting in what will surely be one of the highest- grossing films of 2019, living in the same building as Laura Linney, or being recognized on the street. Now, he’s ready to play someone likeable, someone charming, someone who looks on the bright side of things—someone not too different from Magnussen himself. On a bench crammed in the middle of a hectic boulevard, we chat as I scribble notes. Magnussen interrupts me to make sure I’m appreciating the beautiful day we’re sharing. “Look up, dude,” he exclaims, with a smile too pure to be anything but genuine. “We are sitting in a park.” Written by Benjamin Kesslen  Photographed by Patrick Xiong. Flaunt Film cinematography by Colleen Kwok Flaunt Film edited by May He Styled by Kristine Souza. Groomed by Jessica Ortiz using Ren Skincare at Forward Artists.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photo courtesy of GUESS  Photo courtesy of GUESS  Photo courtesy of GUESS  Photo courtesy of GUESS  Photo courtesy of GUESS  Photo courtesy of GUESS  Photo courtesy of GUESS  Photo courtesy of GUESS GUESS and iconic music collective 88rising have teamed up to release a 14-piece capsule collection that marries culture of East and West through vibrant stitchery. The collection drops November 8th, sold exclusively through HBX and ranging from $39 to $148. The capsule, known as GUE88, serves to honor 88rising’s first collaborative album, Head in the Clouds, released earlier this year via 88rising Records and 12Tone Music. 88rising was founded by Sean Miyashiro in 2015, swiftly becoming a cultural beacon of music, especially considering its lineup of Asian artists. The collective acts as a music platform, video production company, and record label for artists such as Joji, NIKI, and Rich Brian (formerly Rich Chigga). The partnership with GUESS seemed natural, according to Miyashiro. “GUESS is a very iconic American brand, woven into the fabric of the western experience, and yet has such a global impact that even our parents wore GUESS jeans religiously,” he said. GUESS, a brand known for various collaborations since its inception in 1981, was excited to work with 88rising, a move that marked its first Asian-American fusion. “Living and working in Shanghai allowed me to learn about 88rising as a label and a company,” said Nicolai Marciano, the Director of Brand Partnerships for GUESS. “They’ve done amazing things for the Asian culture, which makes this partnership a fitting alignment between the content, the music, the fan base, and the global platform GUESS has to offer.” GUE88 lends itself to both men and women, incorporating supple tie-dyes – an homage to Head in the Clouds – upon sweatshirts, short and long-sleeve tees, body suits, and sweat pants, all stamped with GUESS’ vintage vertical stencil logo. “We’re always looking for the right cultural alignment,” said Marciano. “We evaluate with who we work with, what audience they speak to, and the opportunities that can be created together which in turn makes for natural and successful collaborations.” Check out GUE88 on November 8th, and see the Flaunt feature with GUESS, “March For Our Archives,” taken from our Double Standards issue, here. Photographs courtesy of GUESS Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Nya wears HERMÈS coat, RICHARD QUINN top and leggings both available at MatchesFashion.com, and CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes. ATE VAN APELDOORN Simple Pine Table available at Amsterdam Modern and BACCARAT “Perfection”, “Harmonie”, and “Béluga” Highball glasses. Benito Mussolini had a lot of stomach aches. He drank up to 3 quarts of milk a day to help the problem, but hid this habit from Hitler, fearing it would be seen as unfascist. It’s so important to appear fascist.  Turner wears DRIES VAN NOTEN coat. PUIFORCAT Etchea art deco 1937 tray. Idi Amin had up to 40 oranges a day to increase virility and called them “nature’s Viagra.”  Dasha wears BALENCIAGA sweater, shirt, pants, ring, and earrings and WESTWARD\ LEANING sunglasses. Joseph Stalin loved the exoticism of bananas.  Yoeil wears PRADA jacket, shirt, and pants. HANNIE DE JONG CASTELIJN dining table and chair available at Amsterdam Modern, L’OBJET “Perlée” white charger, ROYAL COPENHAGEN “Blue Fluted Plain” round bowl, HEREND “Fish Scale” dinner plate, ROSENTHAL X VERSACE “Byzantine Dreams” salad plate. Donald Trump consumes large quantities of any junk food he can find but favorites are Filet-o-Fish, the Quarter Pounder, KFC, Diet Coke, and fries. Not pictured: the most beautiful piece of chocolate cake.  Turner wears RAF SIMONS blazer and gloves and his own jewelry. ATE VAN APELDOORN Simple Pine Table available at Amsterdam Modern, BERNARDAUD “Grace” cream soup cup, saucer, and plate, and HERMÈS “Grand Attelage” gold plated spoon and knife. Hitler suffered from chronic gas and indigestion. He was also afraid of being poisoned. By his late years, he only ate mashed potatoes and clear broth.  Nya wears MIU MIU coat, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, MODERN WEAVING earrings, and stylist’s own tights. Mao Zedong: “Starting a revolution isn’t like inviting people to dinner,” and, “You can’t be a revolutionary if you don’t eat chillies.” He loved a special fish from Wuhan, Hubei and it was carried in an oxygenated plastic bag over 600 miles.  Jane wears Y/PROJECT dress and earrings available at Please Do Not Enter. HERMÈS “Bleus D’Ailleurs” presentation plate. Napoleon ate chicken marengo for good luck during battle campaigns and it’s said that he didn’t eat this before the fateful Battle of Waterloo.  Yoeli wears HERMÈS jacket, pants, and shoes. AMSTERDAM MODERN “Breakfast in Bed” table available at Amsterdam Modern, WATERFORD “Lismore” diamond encore bowl, and PROUNA marble cereal bowl. Saddam Hussein could devour a large Doritos bag in under 10 minutes according to guards, and never missed his Raisin Bran Crunch for brekkies.  Photographed by Keith Oshiro  Styled by Mui-Hai Chu Styling Assistant Jake Harrison  Models: Turner Barbur at Vision Models LA, Nya Deng and Yoeil William at LA Models, Dasha Nguyen at Photogenics and Jane at Next Models. Hair for Turner, Nya, and Dasha: Lauren Palmer Smith Hair for Yoeil and Jane: Jason Murillo Makeup: Jadyn Ngo  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    YOOX Private Label   YOOX Private Label  YOOX Private Label  YOOX Private Label  YOOX Private Label The Italian fashion retailer YOOX is launching their own collection of stylish pieces for women and men. Versatility, innovation, and functionality all describe these “contemporary essentials” that will be featured in the 8 by YOOX  Fall/Winter 2018-19 collection. The collection is revolutionizing fashion by integrating fashion with technology. The store will incorporate pieces conceptualized by a proprietary artificial intelligence tool which allows the design team to pull from social media and web magazines to analyze and create highly sought after products based on major trends.  8 by YOOX is all about giving the customer what they want. Using their AI tool and customer feedback, the brand is setting itself apart from high-end fashion brands. This seasons line focuses on neutral tones and simple elegance that transitions effortlessly from casual to chic. The new private label builds an entire wardrobe for customers with high-quality pieces at an affordable price. Accessories, shoes, t-shirts, jackets, coats, dresses, trousers and sweaters, will range from $29 to $979.  The line is available in stores now, with a Spring/Summer 2019 launching in January.  Photos courtesy of YOOX Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    JACK & JONES jacket and jeans and DSQUARED2  VALENTINO jacket and VICTOR LI shirt.  CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC top, pants, and hat.  GIVENCHY shirt and pants.  PRADA jacket and shorts  FENDI sweater, AMIRI pants, WRANGLER hat and belt, and TAG HEUER watch.  LOUIS VUITTON scarf.  ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA suit and JACK & JONES shirt and scarf. A few days before I interview breakout actor Noah Centineo, I watch him document a sunset hike to Griffith Park’s epochal Wisdom Tree in a series of goofy Instagram stories.  On the summit of Burbank Peak where the whimsical lone pine sits, he gallivants shirtless and barefoot among tourists and daydreamers who snap photos of the Hollywood Sign and write their wishes on little notes before littering them beneath rock cairns.  Centineo’s friend (and renowned lifestyle photographer) Josh Heller joins him on the excursion. Heller tells me later on over the phone that this exploring, hiking, wisdom- seeking Noah, is the 22-year-old in his “most natural habitat.”  “He’s honestly just a lighthearted guy who likes to have fun and be present with his friends or in whatever he’s doing,” Heller says.  Behind the grinning Centineo, winking 1,200 feet below in the San Fernando Valley, is the Walt Disney Company—the studio that gave him his first big gig in Austin & Ally in 2011— and to the southeast, The Netflix corporate office on Sunset Boulevard, the latest studio to help catalyze his heart-throbbing stardom as the male lead in two of summer 2018’s most buzzed about romantic comedies: To All the Boys I’ve Loved Before and Sierra Burgess is a Loser.  But of the two, To All the Boys’ Peter Kavinsky is the role that ascended him to heights he wasn’t used to hiking. Kavinsky is a lovable, sensitive, and critically dubbed “woke” lacrosse player—a loner not afraid to be vulnerable.  After stacking his own cairns, Centineo begins to climb the Wisdom Tree itself as his friend Heller takes a few candid photos of him in the branches. Soon, he reaches the narrow top of the Italian stone pine where its clustered, sappy needles tickle the polluted and pinkening haze.  When Heller’s photos are posted a few days later on Centineo’s ‘gram, I scroll through the comments to get a sense of the actor’s fanbase. Keep in mind, he bares his smooth, toned torso in the photos, so a thirsty comment thread is expected. But Centineo’s 14.6+ million followers’ comments range from cutesy compliments to aggressively lustful requests—many of them marking him paternal.  A few public comments below the photo series: “Papi (two cat-with-heart-eyes emojis)”, “FATHER,” “DADDY (smoochy face emoji),” “My dad,” and a superabundance of the word “zaddy”  It’s here, we encounter the internet’s word of the day.  A word Merriam-Webster is “watching.” It’s like daddy but with a fucking “z.”  ZADDY.  As in, “Zamn, that Marlon Brando-looking motherfucker Peter Kavinsky in that new Netflix movie could be my zaddy, anyday.”  While the term is clearly a lot of fun to use and more or less easy to understand in context, what in the fuck does it actually mean? Like, how does a zaddy differ from a daddy? Are they synonymous? What’s with the “z”? And what about zamn?!  In my research, it seems everyone and their grandzaddy have their own definition of the ridiculous word—and like beauty, it appears to all be in the eye of the beholder. Though the word is said to have been buzzing about since 2016, perhaps even sooner—don’t @ me—no official definition exists.  Not until I meet with Noah Centineo, that is.  LOUIS VUITTON scarf. The South Florida native sits across from me a few days after his Wisdom Tree hike at the new Tocaya in Hollywood (like a Chipotle, but... elevated). Centineo is stretched on the large white couch across from me and is all smiles.  He’s in calf-hugging sweatpants that loosen in the thighs, a long-sleeve shirt with a fire department emblem over his heart, and he’s got this tangled, bird’s- nest hairdo that falls over his forehead and eyes like a fluffy Newfoundland’s. It’s a contrast to the clean-cut, high-and-tight look that’s been trimming the rest of this town impervious.  He begins to laugh as I read and ask him about his fan’s comments.  “Okay, I have to step outside of myself to speculate on the “zaddy,” because I really don’t know the answer,” he says earnestly.  Damnit, I think.  Centineo, the man dubbed the “internet’s boyfriend” by W Magazine, the man who escalated from a role on The Fosters and an appearance in Camila Cabello’s “Havana” music video with a few hundred thousands followers to a superstar with over 14 million followers in the arc of a single summer, the man adored by fans as the zad of all zads—doesn’t even know what the term means. “Ok, bear with me,” he says.  “When I think of my father, I think of someone who is funny, strong, a person who is rooted in a foundation, confident, courageous, supportive, and protective. Someone who makes me want to be a better person, who is there for me when I’m in a really, really, really dark place, and can help me find my way out.”  Here, the root of zaddy is extracted. The father. In Latin, pater. The actual dad. A man in relation to his natural child or children. Centineo tells me he looks up to his, just as much as he looks up to his mother.  “There is just so much I admire about both of my parents. I couldn’t just tell you one single trait or experience about each of them. We didn’t have a lot growing up, but me and my sister had no idea. We thought we had everything you could possibly need. And we had no idea that we had 67 cents in the bank account at the end of every month.”  Sacrifice is the quintessence of fatherhood, of motherhood, of parenthood, perhaps even, of zaddyhood. Protective at all costs. Here, I believe we have found the apotheosis of our meaning. Sacrificing the self for another. Unbridled selflessness.  CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC top, pants, and hat. Centineo, alongside his giddy, tree-climbing, and at times youthful bearing, appears to be a man concerned heavily with the feelings and well being of others. After his hike to the tree, Heller tells me he spent his time engaging with a collection of fans that were waiting for him at the trailhead. “He does it everywhere we go in public,” he says. “He’s just naturally very kind and he’s interested in people, which is very refreshing. I’m not saying this to encourage fans to approach him, though—I personally think his privacy is precious.”  “The three words that describe him best are humble, compassionate, and self-aware. I’d definitely throw intelligent and authentic in there too,” Heller says.  Midway through my conversation wth Centineo, the manager of Tocaya comes up to say hello. She remembers Centineo from his past visits and he calls her by name without her re-introducing herself, “Ashley! Of course I remember,” he says. “How have you been?”  This kindness and openness extends to his online persona as well, particularly to his tweets, which he treats like a journal to “whoever’s listening.” His main topics: his feelings, mental health, flirtation, and denouncing injustices.  Most popular to his fanbase are his empathetic, Tumblr-esque tweets, like: “Crying until you fall asleep > never crying until you fall asleep,” and vulnerable video soliloquies he shares on social media for those battling the blues—“If you’re out there, and you’re like ‘my life sucks!’ I GET it,” he says in an iPhone video recorded in his kitchen, “I have those days, we all have those days. I wake up sometimes and just go back to bed until four in the afternoon. Like, what? Why are you doing that? The day’s so beautiful. It’s because we all get depressed guys, we all get fully anxious, we all get panic attacks.”  When he isn’t being serious on Twitter, he uses it like a diary. He flirtswith no-one. He flirts with everyone in ooey-gooey, lovey-dovey tweets that further blur the line between Centineo and his dream-boat teenage role of Peter Kavinsky.  “I can’t help it,” he says with cheesy but earnest unabashedness, “I love love, dude.”  “I guess I am just a firm believer of speaking intentions and objectives into existence, because otherwise, it’s just up here,” he says, pointing to his head. “Because when you say something, it has vibration.”  The zaddy, I muse to Centineo, has been a purely internet phenomenon. Perhaps the term has been thought in our heads when we see someone who fits our own definition, but rarely is it spoken. More likely, it appears to describe someone we don’t know and have never encountered in person. An internet stranger we have a crush on, a celebrity, someone we’re low-key obsessed with.  “I just thought of this earlier today,” Centineo says, “I think most people on this planet are just trying to distract themselves until they die.”  He tweeted the same idea not long before we met.  PRADA jacket and shorts “I think it is birthed from this obsessive nature of not wanting to focus on who you are and wanting to focus on other people. The adoration, the caring, support, and curiosity of another person are lovely things, but unchecked?” He ventures, “Like on social media, it becomes this obsessive thing that actually takes away from the experience of your own life.”  “Social media can be a drug,” he says. “It doesn’t matter if you are ingesting it, smoking it, snorting it, injecting it, or posting it, it’s the same result.”  In many ways, the zaddy may be being loved to death, not unlike the Wisdom Tree of Centineo’s hike. The tree has been climbed, photographed, strung up with ribbons and ropes and laden with love-locks, its bark scratched off, its needles taken as souvenirs— everyone wants a piece of it.  Including, in Centineo’s case, every studio in existence. According to IMDB, he is currently working on five upcoming projects as well as an appearance, he tells me “in the directorial debut of Jackie Chan,” as well as a 2019 reboot of Charlie’s Angels alongside Kristen Stewart, Ella Balinska, and Naomi Scott.  It may be appropriate to say that a zaddy, in the end, is a man so content with his own sense of being that he’s able to dive into the greater wonders of life. To have interests and hobbies outside of himself and his appearance. To be raw and authentic and interested in the world around him, whether it be non-fiction and philosophy and meditation (like Centineo), or something as simple as conversing, genuinely, with someone completely unlike themselves.  And after a beat, Centineo gets us to the meat of his own definition of the word.  “A zaddy is a mother-fucking badass,” he says.  “Someone who like, puts it down,” he says as he enthusiastically smacks back of right hand against his left hand, “you-know-what-I’m-saying?” he asks, excited.  “Like, it’s someone who is going to give you what you want, but also a little, I don’t know, someone who is a little wild and reckless, that’s what I imagine the difference to be.”  And then Centineo goes in for the K.O. and lays it down for all to hear.  “Zaddies can be daddies, but daddies can’t be zaddies. You know?”  Zamn, Noah.  I think I do.  Photographed and filmed by Doug Inglish at Atelier Management. Styled by Monty Jackson at Starworks Artists. Groomed by Sydney Sollod using Oribe at The Wall Group. Styling assistant: Toni Guerra. Cinematography by Michael Clifford Music by Blake Walker Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photos courtesy of Tank Air x Bread Face  Photos courtesy of Tank Air x Bread Face  Photos courtesy of Tank Air x Bread Face  Photos courtesy of Tank Air x Bread Face  Photos courtesy of Tank Air x Bread Face  Photos courtesy of Tank Air x Bread Face  Photos courtesy of Tank Air x Bread Face  Photos courtesy of Tank Air x Bread Face Tank Air is the brain child of Claire Robertson-Macleod- the brands founder and designer- she is a firm believer that “design is a conduit for mindset,” proof that their fluid shapes and sheer fabrics can elicit a new state of being, one with Tank Air in mind.  With fans like Kylie Jenner buying up stock its soon to be the brand on the tongues and bodies of every Instagram darling.  Tank Air by Kylie. The brand’s Pre Spring ‘19 collection expands upon their already developed aesthetic. “Tank Air by” is described as a “series of internet-born collaborations-turned-friendships with women who have learned to leverage the internet to their advantage.” Inciting more of their core values, “bold without being loud, sophisticated without being boring,and playful without losing depth.”  Collaborating with Bread Face, the blogger balancing fetish and fashion/beauty and now is dipping into ASMR. With a name like Bread Face, you get what you expect - some bread on some face. Beyond her usual conventions, the internet sensation performs bathed in purple light and dressed in Tank Air’s Lilac Side Slit Dress toeing the line been fashion editorial and ASMR. An outfit befitting of all your bedroom fantasies - with or without your favorite whole grain loaf. Photos courtesy of Tank Air x Bread Face Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                     If you’ve heard of ComplexCon, then you know all about the fabulous music performances paired with major industry panels, and celebrity appearances. This year we saw performances from Future, Rae Sremmurd,  Nav, Lil Baby, Tinashe and T-Pain, panels from Virgil Abloh, Jaden Smith, Nas, Tommy Hilfiger, Jerry Lorenzo and Lewis Hamilton which was hosted by Takashi Murakami and Pharrell Williams.  Over the years ComplexCon has gained a reputation for its limited sneaker drops and collaborations between all different artists and designers that brings the hypebeasts from all over America down to Long Beach. This year for Fall/Winter ‘18 we got too see a collaboration between Guess Jeans U.S.A and the multifaceted, cultural brand Places + Faces by Imran Ciesay and Solomon Boyed, combining contemporary street culture through analog photography and contemporary music; staying true to the image of both brands while creating something innovative and fresh. The collaboration mixes film photography into the technical reinterpretation of Guess Jeans U.S.A where reflective detailing features in every aspect of the garments gathering inspiration from the seasonal climate of the U.K. which resulted in the raincoat, bucket hat, photo-vests, cargos and tracksuits for both men and women. Photos courtesy of GUESS Jeans U.S.A.. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    GUCCI shirt, GUESS tank top, HUDSON JEANS jeans, SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO boots, CARTIER necklace and bracelet, and stylist’s own glasses.  SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO jacket and boots, MISSONI pants, RAY-BAN glasses, CARTIER necklace, and DAVID YURMAN ring.  HUDSON JEANS shirt and jeans, RENVI necklace, CARTIER bracelet, and DAVID YURMAN ring.  HUDSON JEANS shirt and jeans, RENVI necklace, CARTIER bracelet, and DAVID YURMAN ring.  GUCCI coat, DIESEL t-shirt, and HUGO pants.  CARTIER necklace It’s nearly apocalyptic, the way Nickelodeon star and entrepreneur Jace Norman talks about the transitioning media industry. Lounged on a loveseat in the green room of the Flaunt studio, he says the future of entertainment is in social media, which he believes might be as damaging for creators as it could be for consumers, especially children.  “There are so many false narratives being portrayed, like, ‘This is what life is supposed to be. It’s supposed to be perfect and you’re supposed to have fun all the time,’” he tells me. “And I think, when you’re a kid, and you’re seeing all this, and you’re constantly getting that information like…” he gapes, wide-eyed at an invisible phone in his palm he pretends to scroll through. “I bet it has some effect.”  When I remind Norman that this is the exact sort of attitude people had about television and the radio, he says, “It could be that.” He thinks about it for a moment. “I could be just a cranky old man already,” he adds with a laugh. Not by any definition, I know. Norman, star of the hit show Henry Danger, co-founder of the company Creator Edge, and budding television producer, is only eighteen years old. He first hit the small screen as part-time superhero sidekick Henry Hart/Kid Danger in 2014, and with four Kids’ Choice Award nominations and one win under its superhero belt, Henry Danger is now on its fifth season.  Before reaching the heights of child-stardom, Norman lived in a rural area in New Mexico, and grew up exploring the outdoors with his brother. His heroes included Albert Einstein and Harrison Ford, the former because the star-to-be related to Einstein’s sense of curiosity as well as his dyslexia; the latter because Norman loves Indiana Jones.  He recalls, “I saw Indiana Jones when I was a little kid, and I was just like, ‘How did they make that? How did they do that? What was the process of actually doing that?’ Because for me, it felt like magic.”  Jump cut to Norman’s family moving to San Diego, from where within a few years, his parents would begin driving to Los Angeles for upwards of two hours to get their son to auditions after school. And after landing a few Disney and Nickelodeon side-roles, Norman was approached by Nickelodeon and thereafter became Kid Danger, donning a red and silver domino mask and ZAP! POW! WHAM!-ing off to solve silly crimes with the superhero Captain Man.  Norman’s position as a comedic child star beloved by children is reminiscent of Cole and Dylan Sprouse’s position during their time on The Suite Life of Zack & Cody, or Drake Bell and Josh Peck’s during the height of their eponymous series. The “kid sitcom,” as Norman refers to it, has served as a launching pad for many careers. But he believes that his kind may be endangered. “I would say that Henry Danger is of the last kid sitcoms,” he says, explaining that children are now often fans of more dramatic, single-camera shows like The Flash and Stranger Things, increasingly viewed on streaming services. Though, that’s just scripted content. Social media is another story. “The whole time I’ve been on Henry Danger I’ve had, like, anxiety about how kids are going to stop watching TV,” he says. “So I thought, ‘I have to do something,’ and I decided to make a company that was in the social media field.”  That would be Creator Edge, a social media branding company that connects influencers and organizations wanting to sell their product. “It’s so easy to scroll past something that you’re not interested in. Most people aren’t interested in ads like this,”—he holds out an invisible product, like a socialite in a selfie brandishing multivitamins you’re not positive they take.  Norman saw that the most successful brands advertising on Instagram created partnerships with their influencers, and showcased their products as something that is a part of the social media stars’ personal aesthetic. That’s what makes followers pay attention. That’s what Creator Edge does. But what happened to cranky-old-man Norman and his growing disdain for the next phase of media consumption? “That’s the tough thing,” Norman says. “Social media is the future, but at the same time, it’s super messed up right now. Do I join it, or do I completely rebel against it? There’s been many times where I don’t want to use social media and want to just focus on acting. It’s this constant conflict for me.” In any case, acting is currently not Norman’s only focus, now that he’s testing out the waters of producing as well. While still working on Henry Danger, he has created two television programs that are now in development, and are, of course, more dramatic, single-camera shows. The first project, Gaps, taps writers from recent comedy smash Blockers, and is a parody of Norman’s life, following an actor on a kid’s show behind the scenes. Norman would be a star as well as a producer for this project, and as of this interview, he has already shot the pilot and is ready for pitching.  The second show, Get Some, for which Norman would focus on showrunning rather than acting, is about the provocative and messy experiences of social media stars in Los Angeles. The material clearly comes from a personal place, and Norman returns to his criticisms of the social media machine. “It’s all predicated on people selling themselves… It’s very psychologically hard on people to sell themselves on Instagram. You get caught up in this, and it really can destroy you from the inside out.” This is Jace Norman’s dilemma. He is a creator, he is an actor, he is an entrepreneur, and his insider’s knowledge tells him that the future of media is something of a dark one. So, what is he going to do? What should all of us do, as suckers for Instagram shots of beautiful people doing beautiful things? From his experience as a child star occasionally overwhelmed with the pressures of his job and people managing his image, Norman gives this: shut everything out and ask what matters.  “To me, what really matters is creating and basically being, I guess,” Norman says. “Basically being your authentic, kind self.”  So, Norman’s authentic, kind self will continue working, on Henry Danger, on his new shows, on Creator Edge, and on a new idea for a subscription box that would deliver stylish pairs of socks to their customer’s door. We might even expect to see Norman promoted to full blown superhero soon, with the way things are going. Photographed by Kelia Anne MacClusky  Styled by Mercedes Natalia (Tomlinson Management Group) Groomed by Mara Capozzi (using Make Up for Ever Smoothing Primer) Flaunt Film directed by Hanna La Salvia  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    TAKASHI MURAKAMI & VIRGIL ABLOH. “AMERICA TOO” (INSTALLATION VIEW) (2018). © VIRGIL ABLOH AND © TAKASHI MURAKAMI. PHOTO: JOSHUA WHITE – JWPICTURES.COM. COURTESY GAGOSIAN.  TAKASHI MURAKAMI & VIRGIL ABLOH. “AMERICA TOO” (INSTALLATION VIEW) (2018). © VIRGIL ABLOH AND © TAKASHI MURAKAMI. PHOTO: JOSHUA WHITE – JWPICTURES.COM. COURTESY GAGOSIAN. TAKASHI MURAKAMI & VIRGIL ABLOH. “ARTISAN” (2018). VIRGIL ABLOH AND TAKASHI MURAKAMI. Following two shared showings, future history at Gagosian London and “TECHNICOLOR 2” at Gagosian Paris, artists Takashi Murakami and Virgil Abloh recently installed works in the ever-earnest, ever down-to-earth and self-actualized Beverly Hills. And the room delights in itself, delights in delight for delight’s sake. It’s delightful! An art/media melding of layered paintings, large sculptures, and a confluence of their respective brand identities, “AMERICA TOO” does not lean on the homophone because it’s tall, dark, and handsome, but rather because inclusion is intrinsic—perhaps. Fun, too, can have a seat at the table. The scene, then, is punky, as to be expected, but also immersive. Art-historical imagery underlies much of the output, as expressed in new paintings. Big arrows borrowed from Mr. Abloh’s street-couture label, Off-White, meet with Murakami’s omnipotent rainbow flower. There’s sneaky “Mr. DOB,” that quirky character of Murakami’s inspired by anime and manga, running around, popping up in Bernini’s “Self-Portrait as a Young Man” (1623), which swirls into a kaleidoscopic free-for-all that seems hell-bent on joy.  So, who are said collaborators, for those of us spared of social media, and the otherwise curious? Mr. Murakami, perhaps the most famous living Japanese artist, invokes Japanese art history, Hollywood cinema, fashion, hip-hop, psychedelia, and newness (in whatever form that might be expressed) in his extensive body of work, which, among other things, playfully contorts ideas of the expensive or fine. He’s wacky, he’s gregarious, he’s super cool. Murakami makes a bouncy castle of the art world, with bear hugs and piñatas and nacho cheese for all. His conspirator, Mr. Abloh, formally trained as an architect and civil engineer, works across fashion, architecture, music (the guy’s DJ calendar sweats, literally), and consumer products. Currently, he heads the aforementioned label, Off-White, which he founded in 2012, while also acting as artistic director of menswear at Louis Vuitton, a role he assumed this spring, at a house with which Murakami has collaborated for the better part of 13 years. Mr. Abloh could be likened to one of those sticky hands you buy in a vending machine. Like most of us, he gathers fur with age, but his paw prints are seen on everything these days. Sorry mom!  The pair is actually challenging to write about (you’re surprised at that?) because they’re so absolutely modern— adjectives, observations, sentiments begin to swallow themselves, gasp for air, because they feel forced. And maybe that’s the idea? Murakami and Abloh are sprinkling us with satire, but they’re also pruning back the apparatus otherwise thought imperative for an art experience: references, deeds done, and nomenclature. Instead, they’ll bend their brands into artworks, while the artworks bend into their brands. They’ll turn the volume up at closing time; they’ll not stop when they’re told. As such, it’s with pleasure that they’ve created the art cover for this, The Transience Issue, and thematically keeping, here are the extremely busy guys fielding a few questions relating to “AMERICA TOO”, and, well, however else you choose to describe being sincere.  TAKASHI MURAKAMI & VIRGIL ABLOH. “TIMES: FLAMES” (2018). ACRYLIC ON CANVAS MOUNTED ON BOARD. 70 7/8 X 70 7/8 IN. © VIRGIL ABLOH AND © TAKASHI MURAKAMI. PHOTO: JOSHUA WHITE – JWPICTURES.COM. COURTESY GAGOSIAN. TAKASHI MURAKAMI  Describe the surprises you’ve met in collaborating with Virgil Abloh. The sheer speed with which Virgil makes his decisions. Virgil’s charisma draws out his collaborator’s maximum ability and potential.  How do you remain excited about artistic production? Or is excitement not a key ingredient? Fear is the key ingredient. Once I die, and I am no longer able to provide any excuses for myself, the only thing that I will have to show is my completed artwork. So I’m constantly in fear of the gaze of my future critics, collectors, curators, and audience, and I am relentlessly doing my best now in order to respond to the expectations of the audience who may see my work in museums in the future.  The works are traditionally presented in a classic gallery cube, but were you to envision a more alternative presentation, where might that be? Who’s there? I have a café in Tokyo and I do occasionally present my new work there. It’s a woody space with a ’50s Northern European feel, not a white cube.  Do you feel the concept of fame is evolving in the current cultural climate, or is the idea somewhat fixed? Since Instagram, I think the fame index is determined by the number of followers you have. I have been straining to increase my followers, but it’s nothing compared to pop stars and supermodels. It’s quite depressing to feel your social standing quantified in that way.  We might suggest that works in the show present a kaleidoscopic view of art history, met with pop, met with cultural commodification—does one ingredient dominate another, or do you feel this is immeasurable?  The ingredient that is the most unique to this collaboration is the wave of the era that Virgil is riding now. The audience looking at our collaborative works in a museum 100 years from now will nostalgically look back to this time; I think these works will allow them to think about the shifts and transitions through the history of art.  What do you think of when encountering the word “transience”? I think about the difference, in the poetic sense, of artists from hundreds of years ago, when life expectancy was short, and that of the people now who can concretely imagine eternal life. We now get to have long lives and even possibly maintain them indefinitely, so, in a sense, it’s becoming difficult to find punctuations in life. Paradoxically, we burst with poetry when thinking about taking our own lives. Perhaps this environment of paradox has something to do with the sense of transience.  TAKASHI MURAKAMI & VIRGIL ABLOH. “YELLOW AND PINK” (2018). ACRYLIC ON CANVAS MOUNTED ON ALUMINUM FRAME. 55 3/4 X 47 3/8 IN. © VIRGIL ABLOH AND © TAKASHI MURAKAMI. PHOTO: JOSHUA WHITE – JWPICTURES.COM. COURTESY GAGOSIAN. VIRGIL ABLOH  Describe the surprises you’ve met in collaborating with Takashi Murakami. The only surprise is that we are strikingly the same person.  Do you feel the culture space is overcrowded with collaborations and cross-pollinations, or is this a permanent direction for art and pop? I personally think that it is impossible to be overcrowded. I don’t know what it means. Art should be based on a segment of real life and I think it’s dangerous if humans don’t cross- pollinate.  What sort of musicality or musical identity would you ascribe to the works on show at Gagosian? How come? Hip-hop is a contemporary art based on sampling and new ideas. I would say that this project came in the same era where hip-hop is the most relevant form of music.  “AMERICA TOO” might suggest that America is longing for inclusion, or is an add-on of some kind, yet its global identity often contradicts that idea. Can you describe the ethos behind the show title? Satirical? Ironic? Something else?  The show title is up to one’s own interpretation. I find it most interesting what you have projected on those two words being adjacent to each other.  What do you think about traditional print magazines as they relate to youth culture? Is there a disconnect, or do you think the language is fluent? Print, in my mind, is ultra-important in this world of disappearing digital content.  What do you think of when encountering the word “transience”? Enjoy or move on.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Brain Dead Installation at Dover Street Market LA   Charles Jeffery Loverboy Installation at Dover Street Market LA  Interior of Dover Street Market LA  Off White Capsule for Dover Street Market LA  Raf Simons Installation at Dover Street Market LA  Sacai Installation for Dover Street Market LA    “I want to create a kind of market where various creators from various fields gather together and encounter each other in an ongoing atmosphere of beautiful chaos; the mixing up and coming together of different kindred souls who all share a strong personal vision.” This is Rei Kawakubo’s vision for Dover Street Market, the wildly popular fashion mecca that got its start in London in 2004, and dramatically reimagined what a fashion retail experience could look like.  Originally brought into this world by wife and husband Kawakubo and Adrian Joffe (designer and president of beloved Japanese label Comme des Garçons, respectively) as a way to mixing both art and fashion, allowing creativity in many forms to bloom under one roof. The shop is notorious for setting up  in unexpected locations and turning their backs on the rules of luxury retail.  The radical explosion of creativity and art took a while for people to embrace but after a few years Dover Street Market began to attract a cult following of people who fully embraced their unique synergetic energy.  Through opening its doors to an array of artists  they were able create an environment unlike any other for their new Los Angeles location.  Six artists works are featured, artist Lyn Dillin Kawakubo’s vision for the Chjellydelier covered in unwanted waste, trash, and broken tools featured above trendy clothing embodying the idea of chaotic and strange, yet beautiful. Amongst the six chandeliers scattered throughout the interior is a piece by Stuart Haygarth created by  strategic placement of black plastic beach items to create an mysteriously intriguing work of art. Other chandeliers featured are Warren Muller (“Cannot Tell a Lie”), Bjorn Dahlem (“Black Hole (Messier 22) 2016”, Yuichi Higashionna, and Gary Card (two works). Each art installation and clothing display works in perfect balance in order to send a message and connect with the community.  Similarly to the other locations DSM will be regularly inviting artist and designers to create in-store installations as a means of constantly adding to their vision and consumer experience. Featuring luxury and casual brands that live in harmony, and chaos along side each other.  Hats featured from Stephen Jones’ exclusive line for Dover street Market It does not end there. DSM continues to add to the environment and experience through sound curation by DSM’s global sound director, Calx Vive, who has created a custom soundtrack to pair with the dramatic, art-filled space. With so much to take in, breaks are almost necessary. Without leaving the building you can refuel at Rose Bakery. With 40 seats including an outdoor patio Rose Bakery adds a bit of tranquility to the experience.  Rose Bakery was brought to life by Rose Carrarini and her husband Jean Charles, who wanted to create a place that felt like home and willed people to want to return as often as possible. Along with the atmosphere they put a spotlight on quality food and fresh local produce.  Rose Bakery outdoor patio Words and photos only do so much to embody the energy and experience at DSM you just have to experience it for yourself.  DSMLA will be open Monday-Saturday from 11am-7pm and Sunday from 12pm-6pm. 606-608 Imperial Street, Los Angeles, CA 90021 (Arts District) All images courtesy of Eric Staudenmaier (@EricStaudenmaier) Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   In these extreme times with the world edging towards a mess and the youth largely disillusioned, shopping with the right intent might be the only thing to save us all. Though brands and politics have had an ongoing relationship since the birth of the designer label, it’s an ever important job for a new generation of brands to step up and get the kids moving. Here we highlight a few shopping options to get the army of fashionistas to the voting booth. The two owners of Pop & Suki, the super cute brand of personalized and customizable handbags and jewelry are inviting their following to get involved in the election. "We want to encourage our community to vote and use their voice to create the future. It’s easy to stand back when you think your voice doesn’t matter, but we want to help people see the opposite. We all need to join together if we want a safer and more equal world. To help unite us all, we are giving away a heart to every person who tags their voting slip and hashtags #popandsukivotes."  All you have to do tomorrow is VOTE, take a selfie with your “I voted” sticker and post it on instagram with the hashtag #popandsukivotes. Then, send the link to your instagram post to vote@popandsuki.com. The first 200 participants will receive an exclusive Heart keychain reading “on Tuesdays, we vote” from Poppy & Suki.  For the love of cute keychains but especially justice, equality and fairness, please vote tomorrow ♡. In an effort to spread awareness and encourage civic engagement, Baldwin created three buttons to wear and share leading up to midterm-election day. The design is inspired by American artist, Jasper Johns’ iconic Three Flags (1958) painting. “As an American brand, we challenge ourselves to reflect on the actions we can take to define what it means to be American – and with these pins, utilize our platform to encourage others to stand for what being American means to them.” Visit your local BALDWIN store to pick up a complimentary "vote" button while supplies last.   LCD will be hosting an Election Night Launch Party with 69 the non-gender, non-demographic clothing line while the absolutely fab Tierney Finster DJs. The 6 piece capsule collection, includes 3 exclusive fabrications on 69’s iconic Big Button Up One Piece. The brand will offer a 15% discount off the 69 launch and up to 30% off other Fall merchandise in store to everyone with an “I voted” sticker. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Miu Miu Resort 2019 by Alasdair McLellan   Miu Miu Resort 2019 by Alasdair McLellan   Miu Miu Resort 2019 by Alasdair McLellan   Miu Miu Resort 2019 by Alasdair McLellan   Miu Miu Resort 2019 by Alasdair McLellan   Miu Miu Resort 2019 by Alasdair McLellan   Miu Miu Resort 2019 by Alasdair McLellan   Miu Miu Resort 2019 by Alasdair McLellan   Miu Miu Resort 2019 by Alasdair McLellan  Miu Miu is launching Croisière, its new 2019 advertising campaign shot by Alasdair McLellan with creative direction and styling by Katie Grand. The campaign was shot at Hotel Regina in Paris featuring models: Gwendoline Christie, Lucan Gillespie, Taylor Hill, Kendall Jenner, Adriana Lima, Ariel Nicholson, Cami You Ten, Zoe Thaets and Naomi Chin Wing.  A hotel is a point of endless rendezvous and interaction, both a destination and a starting point: a threshold between familiarity and the hitherto undiscovered. Inside a hotel’s rooms and suites, labyrinthine corridors and vestibules, personas are easily worn and shrugged off, different roles assumed and exchanged - a million stories can be told. A hotel is a space open to reinvention of the self. The Croisière 2019 campaign captures the essence of change, intrigue and interaction of women from all walks of life; models and movie stars alike. The Hotel Regina serves as cultural pole of intersection where, whether entering or exiting, women boldly enter the unknown. Photo by Alasdair McLellan  Creative Direction and Styling by Katie Grand Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    XXX US Capsule Collection. Photo courtesy of Ermenegildo Zegna  XXX US Capsule Collection. Photo courtesy of Ermenegildo Zegna  XXX US Capsule Collection. Photo courtesy of Ermenegildo Zegna  XXX US Capsule Collection. Photo courtesy of Ermenegildo Zegna  XXX US Capsule Collection. Photo courtesy of Ermenegildo Zegna  XXX US Capsule Collection. Photo courtesy of Ermenegildo Zegna  XXX US Capsule Collection. Photo courtesy of Ermenegildo Zegna Making streetwear luxurious is all the hype these days. Ermenegildo Zegna takes it one step further with their new XXX US Capsule Collection launched today. Smart, bold, with an expressive logo to match; the newest tag line from the Italian fashion house reads pure chic. For the first time in it’s 118 year history, Zegna released it’s most universal collection with silhouettes, colors, and styling that breaks the code of streetwear and tailoring alike. In a partnership with Farfetch, Zegna crafts each piece to bear uniqueness to a modern wardrobe. Graphic bomber jackets, stitched sneakers, and a variety of designer bags pepper the collection, all bearing the image of XXX, the new mark of Zegna.  The countercultural movement has already landed in Seoul and Shanghai and is described by Ermenegildo Zegna’s Artistic Director, Alessandro Santori, to “match the identity of society’s boldest and most visionary members. An extension of what I presented at the fashion show, this is a new tribe whose members travel across time-zones, genres, and styles.”   Be part of the movement at Zegna.com and follow the global phenomenon with #ZegnaXXX to discover a new world of storytellers.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    FKA Twigs AVANTgarden Issue 4  FKA Twigs AVANTgarden Issue 4  FKA Twigs AVANTgarden Issue 4  FKA Twigs AVANTgarden Issue 4 Fresh off her feature in A$AP Rocky’s “Fucc Sleep” enigmatic pop diva and voguing queen FKA Twigs just released the 4th issue of her Insta-zine AVANTgarden. The issue features outfits by Stephen Jones, Donatella Versace, Nasir Mazhar, and John Galliano for Dior. Many of the images are extended from her time shooting “Fucc Sleep” featuring costars Fecal Matter and A$AP Rocky also make appearances on this project. AVANTgarden issue 4 creative direction and styling @matthew_josephs photography @orograph editor and design @suz_p make up @kabukinyc hair @jembomb animation @georgejasperstone illustration @kabukinyc styling of @asaprocky by @henson special thanks to @objectandanimal Martin at @marchivenyc @wigglesnwiggles and @deanjfhoy <3 Creative Direction and Styling by Matthew Josephs  Photography by orograph  Editor and Design - Suzannah Pettigrew  Makeup by Kabuki  Hair by Virginie P Moreira  Animation by George Jasper Stone  Illustration by Kabuki  Styling of A$AP Rocky by Matthew Henson  Special thanks to Object & Animal, Martin at  Marchive and Dean Hoy     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Men’s Spring/Summer 2019 campaign. Shot by David Sims. Starring Travis Scott.  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Men’s Spring/Summer 2019 campaign. Shot by David Sims. Starring Travis Scott.  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Men’s Spring/Summer 2019 campaign. Shot by David Sims. Starring Travis Scott.  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Men’s Spring/Summer 2019 campaign. Shot by David Sims. Starring Travis Scott.  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Men’s Spring/Summer 2019 campaign. Shot by David Sims. Starring Travis Scott. Saint Laurent debuts their new SS19 campaign featuring rapper Travis Scott. Art directed by Saint Laurent designer Anthony Vaccarello and directed by David Sims, the collection continues to show the embrace Saint Laurent has with music Art Direction: Anthony Vaccarello Director: David Sims Talent : Travis Scott Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    A$AP ROCKY | “FUKK SLEEP” FT FKA TWIGS  A$AP ROCKY | “FUKK SLEEP” FT FKA TWIGS  A$AP ROCKY | “FUKK SLEEP” FT FKA TWIGS  FECAL MATTERS IN A$AP ROCKY | “FUKK SLEEP” FT FKA TWIGS  A$AP ROCKY | “FUKK SLEEP” FT FKA TWIGS   In the clip that was just released for “Fukk Sleep” A$AP Rocky and FKA Twigs avoid sleep in futuristic pods of light. Once awoken and on the streets the duo continue their night stealing cars and jewels before continuing to cause the standard bodega ruckus, all while wearing those iconic Calvin Klein 205W39NYC Balaclavas.  With cameos by Fecal Matter in the strip joint and possibly the tiniest of mini glasses, the Diana Kunst video ends with FKA Twigs performing one of the most avant garde pole dances. What a well rounded night of mayhem.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Left to right: David Bowie book available at La Maison Rebelle, JIL SANDER bag, AGENT PROVOCATEUR bra, JIL SANDER bag.  ZANA BAYNE bag and choker and B-LOW THE BELT belt.  From left to right: THE GOODS LA bag, COS gloves, AGENT PROVOCATEUR dress, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, FIREFLY bull dog form, THE GOODS LA leash.  JONATHAN ADLER tray available at La Maison Rebelle.  ABHATI SUSSE facial cleanser, SLIP silk sleep mask, BYREDO chai candle, ABHATI SUSSE moisturizing cream.  From left to right: FOREO toothbrush, GOBY toothbrush, and TERRA & CO tooth paste.  NATURMENTS black seed oil. Scorpio loves to be cryptic, and with their demure façade, they can be hard to read. The key with Scorpio is that they are very indulgent. Make sure whatever you get them it will fulfill their darkest desires. A little leather should help.   Scorpio lives in murkiest waters, in the deepest parts of the ocean.  She is skeptical and transformative, secretive and probing, meticulous and hypnotic. This sexy sea siren lives with her heart far from her sleeve. She likes to remain cool and calm, but has a vat full of emotions brewing behind a calm demeanor. If she opens up to you, you have been chosen as a confidant. If you betray that trust you will receive the scorn of a Scorpio.  This time of the year, the sun has moved into the sign of Scorpio. This is a good time to shine light on the darkest corners of your mind and dust off the shoe box full of kinky shit you hide on the top shelf of your closet. Scorpio loves anything taboo. Falling in love with a Scorpio will take you on a transformative journey— either you will be reborn like a phoenix or dragged to the underworld.  If you are Scorpio this is your time to shine. The plutonian babes out there are crawling out of hypernation, and they’re hungry. With Venus, Jupiter, Sun, and Mars all in Scorpio there is a lot of energy around this time. Jupiter is going to bring the luck, Venus is going to bring the love and beauty, Mars is going to bring the action, and the sun is going shine the giant cosmic spotlight on you Scorpio. Each sign rules over a certain body part, it only makes sense that Scorpio rules over the genitals. If you are smart you will get your Scorpio something that will indulge on their sexual pleasures. Don’t be shy on gifting them something naughty, nothing phases a Scorpio.  Photography by Jim Turner @JimJTurner   Art Direction by  Aitor Saumell @AitorSaumell Written by Collin Schreiber @collinpschreiber Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Sacai will be launching two new styles from their gem collection on November 3rd at their Dover Street Market LA store grand opening. The women’s style is hybrid of casual denim with an elegant floral print dress cinched with a grosgrain belt. The men’s style is a similar pairing of a denim jean jacket and a military Mods coat. Both are available in two colorways. The items will be available worldwide starting on November 10th.  Sacai Women’s Coat Sacai Men’s Coat Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photograph by Tobin Yelland  Photograph by Tobin Yelland  Photograph by Tobin Yelland  Photograph by Tobin Yelland  Photograph by Tobin Yelland  Photograph by Tobin Yelland  Photograph by Tobin Yelland  Photograph by Tobin Yelland  Photograph by Tobin Yelland  Photograph by Tobin Yelland  Photograph by Tobin Yelland Photograph by Tobin Yelland In this dreamy short film, director Ross Haines managed to capture the free and otherworldly spirit of Jen Stark, an artist collaborating with Vans for a Customade project. The film follows Stark out into Joshua Tree National Park, and with the use of projection mapping, her designs are blown up onto the desert landscape, making the nature, Stark, and her work become one.  Photograph by Tobin Yelland Photograph by Tobin Yelland Stark’s designs are colorful and psychedelic, inspired by the movement of the universe: plant growth, evolution, the very concept of infinity. The designs she has created with Vans contain infinity in themselves, and watching her work come to life is like observing the universe.  Written by Zoe Banoža  Photography by Tobin Yelland Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       On January 26, 2018, The Phantom of the Opera celebrated its 30th anniversary in New York City, making it the longest running show on broadway. To memorialize this achievement, The Council of Fashion Designers, Bank of America, and The Phantom of The Opera have collaborated on a project in support of Broadway Cares/Equity Fights Aids.   Thirty designers were invited to reimagine the phantom mask, originally designed by Maria Björnson and fabricated by milliner Rodney Gordon. The designers and brands participating in the event include Badgley Mischka, Chloe Gosselin, Christian Roth, Dennis Basso, Edie Parker, Eugenia Kim, Gigi Burris, Ilesteva, Isabel and Ruben Toledo,  Judith Leiber, Kendra Scott, Kenneth Cole, Lizzie Fortunato, Marchesa, Naeem Khan, Nick Graham, Nicole Miller, Pamella Roland, Paul Marlow, Rebecca Minkoff, Sachin & Babi, Sally LaPointe, Stephen Dweck, Swarovski, Tadashi Shoji, Tanya Taylor, Title of Work, Vivienne Tam, Wolk Morais, and Zang Toi. Their designs will be revealed on, Tuesday, October 30th, at an exclusive invite-only event sponsored by Bank of America. They will then go on display at the Museum of the City of New York for the next 30 days. As well as, up for bid starting at 6PM EST tonight during an online auction from October 30 to November 30. Proceeds from the auction will benefit Broadway Cares/Equity Fights AIDS.  Jonathan Meizler’s Mask Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    DIOR dress, belt, and underwear and CIRARI earrings.  DIOR dress, belt, and underwear and CIRARI earrings.  FENDI dress and belt, and MISSOMA earrings.  FENDI dress and belt, NICHOLAS KIRKWOOD shoes, and MISSOMA earrings.  BOTTEGA VENETA coat, ADRIANA IGLESIAS top, pants, and shoes, and MISSOMA earrings.  BOTTEGA VENETA coat, ADRIANA IGLESIAS top, pants, and shoes, and MISSOMA earrings.  EMPORIO ARMANI suit, MICHAEL JOHN JEWELRY earrings, and CIRARI ring.  AGENT PROVOCATEUR lingerie and MISSOMA earrings.  BLUMARINE dress. ADRIANA IGLESIAS dress. In a post-internet world, what’s up with pop? We live in a world where we are defined by our Google search results, where streams have surpassed album sales in importance, and where a well-curated Instagram account is as crucial as a well-produced music video. It often seems that the role of musician is taking a backseat to the role of influencer, to the detriment of the music. In a past life, during the primordial stages of social media, I worked with early influencers, in a culture of characters that built their careers solely off of appearances and association. Any mention of politics and sexual liberation were deemed far too taboo. Hollowed, I left in search of something that was more impactful for future generations. So I have to admit I’m a bit biased.  Cut to a particularly humid day at the Hollywood Roosevelt. I’m on my way to interview Madison Beer, fresh off headlining her sold out, 30-city international tour. I knew the mythology—you might as well—but, I admit, I was worried that in my campaign to find hope for the future I might hit a dead end with Beer, that this was going to be another fill-in-the-blanks story of internet stardom. I needn’t have worried. Following further research, it became clear that Beer not only possesses true talent, but is also in command of a palpable sense of self-possession that illuminates her in sharp contrast against the hazy, over-produced background of contemporary pop. My diminished expectations for the new generation of emerging pop artists, I realized, is a double standard. Why don’t I think the same about musicians from past generations, who spent as much time getting drunk and going after groupies as they did writing songs? Beer, I come to understand, isn’t spreading herself thin—she’s strong enough to take it all on. And rather than letting a big record label define her, she’s using the tools of social media to take command of her own identity.  EMPORIO ARMANI suit, MICHAEL JOHN JEWELRY earrings, and CIRARI ring. While we sit in a sultry, dimly-lit room by the Tropicana pool, her fluffy new puppy Zero bounces around the carpet. Madison is bubbly and conversational, but she sternly manages her pup, making sure it doesn’t pee on the cabana floor. After the sound of hair guru Aaron Light’s blow dryer shaping the Sophia Loren wig goes quiet, we begin to chat. I tell her of my delight in her approach to pop: an unadulterated vision plus a one-in-a-million voice. She is a unique force, standing out in a crowd of those preoccupied with just being cute, speaking only when spoken to. Beer is adamant that she is in control of her identity. “I have such a strong sense of my artistry and I want that to be conveyed. I don’t want people to think that I’m just a product of the industry I want people to understand that I actually love music and music has been my life.” FENDI dress and belt, NICHOLAS KIRKWOOD shoes, and MISSOMA earrings. Beer’s personal crusade is clear and direct. She offers a guiding light to girls in search of a similar sense of self-possession. Her videos display the typical visuals of our zeitgeist—rebellious PYTs, skate parks, dirt bikes, coy over-the shoulder glances at the camera—but instead of vying for affection, her statement is confrontational. In her new single ‘Home With You,’ she sings, I’m not being rude, can you give me my space/ ‘Cause I do what I wanna do/ And I’m not going home with you. It’s a stark contrast to the sentiments of pop ballads past—remember Britney’s “I’m a Slave 4U?” “I want people to watch my stuff and my videos and even read interviews and see the way I am. I feel like a lot of fans of mine, and even myself when I was younger, I kind of wasn’t able to say no to certain things,” she tells me. “I felt scared and pressured to— let’s say hook up with a guy—because I didn’t want to hurt someone’s feelings or I didn’t have enough confidence to say no. I want to never let girls who are fans of mine make that same mistake, and I want them to realize they have the right to say no, and if they are put in an uncomfortable situation, they can walk away from it.”  Her 2017 single “Say It To My Face” flipped the script on the typical pop music video. Cast as a worshipped tyrant, surrounded by a harem of shirtless men—men cleaning her kitchen, giving her massages, tied up to her bed—Beer is the queen of her castle. Emancipating women one obsequious, shirtless man at a time.  At just 19 years old, Beer is the first independent female solo artist to ever break the top 20 radio charts. Hitting #19 by age 19 is a feat we can attribute to her uncompromising vision. “Being independent, you do everything. I create everything—everything that you see is me. My cover art for ‘As She Pleases’ was shot in the elevator in my apartment building on my friend’s point-and-shoot film camera. I made the font, I made the edit, I made my entire tour design, I made the stage set, I directed my music video and I edited it. I do everything myself; it’s not even an exaggeration. My entire team could tell you,” she explains. “I do so much that I don’t necessarily have to be doing because, now that I am independent, I really want to make sure that everything I do portrays the most accurate representation of me possible. ‘Home With You’ was a demo, I didn’t write ‘Home With You,’ but I still took it, I made the edit, and I changed certain lyrics to match my style. I made it more for me.” MISSOMA earrings. With business-minded parents and a no-nonsense NYC upbringing, Beer’s uncompromising autonomy comes naturally. “I found myself moving into that space when I first became independent. I had a song called ‘Something Sweet,’ which was my first independent release. I remember it was just me and mom managing my career. My mom is an interior designer from New York; she’s not from the music industry or anything of the sort. We were trying to have just us and my fan base just do it. It was kind of scary and super intimidating. For a long time we felt like this was never going to work without a label—slowly but surely it began to. People liked that I was doing it on my own.”  After a stint with a large management team, Beer, along with her family, decided to go with what was best for her career. It seems to have been the right choice, and being independent hasn’t limited her ambition in the slightest—she just headlined Lollapalooza, recently wrapped an international tour, and maintains a social media following numbering in the 16 millions. “I was signed with the biggest manager, arguably in the world, and it didn’t work out with him. A lot of people could have just said, ‘Well this is the end of the line, I could give up, I’m just 15 years old.’ I could go to school and party and be with my friends and date boys and do what 15 year olds do, but instead I made a decision to say music is my number one and that’s what I want to dedicate my life to. So I moved to LA and never went to summer camp again.”  As the photo shoot commences we are forced to wrap our conversation. With the reins of her musical career taut around her hands, I ask a final question: what does Madison Beer see for herself in the future? Giddy, she answers, “I would love to do something with Rick and Morty or be a voice of something... I feel like I am never going to be fully satisfied until I have like a TV show, and a movie, and I’m directing. I want to be the next Quentin Tarantino.” I, for one, won’t make the mistake of underestimating her again. Photographed by: LOWFIELD Styled by: Avo Yermagyan Hair by: Aaron Light Makeup by: Karan Mitchell Video by: Scott Smith  Location: The Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017             Think spooky meets sexy meets psychedelic. Escape Fest has seriously outdone herself this year. Thanks to the beautiful minds at Insomniac Events, The NOS Event Center in San Bernardino was home to a sold out crowd of 125,000 freaky festival goers on October 26th and 27th. Yes, you’ve been to Coachella and you already have your Camp Flog Gnaw ticket, but Escape must be added to your list as an event that cannot be mirrored.  Not only was the lineup completely stacked, featuring mastermind mixers like Martin Garrix, Snakehips and Yellow Claw, but the event itself had way more than just music to enhance the crowd. After shuffling through a spooky set, one could visit the psycho circus on the grounds where they may get their fortune read, watch bewitching burlesque performances, and take their hand at some magic, all while waiting to get their brains and bodies re-booted for their next scheduled showtime. And, lets not forget about the Wonderland Asylum. I mean, really… there is no way you could forget about that. If the intensity of sets like Tchami x Malaa (which was absurdly amazing btw) wasn’t enough to immerse your soul in haunting happiness, try your hand at being masked and stuck in a straitjacket as you walk through over 30 rooms with 150 completely mental performers of The Asylum. I mean, c’mon, what’s a halloween party without getting the shit scared out of you, and getting your ear drums totally blown out?  The 4 stages, The Slaughterhouse, Ghouls Graveyard, Chopping Block and Factory 93’s Cannibal’s Tea Party were as fantastically ornamented as each festival-goer. Escape Psycho circus is not just an outlet for people to express their music appreciation, but also to show off their badass fashion and their sick, sick minds. Thanks again, Insomniac. You always bring out the freak in all of us.  Photos by: Paulette Ely  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Ryan Garcia SPANX shorts, vintage boots, and FALKE socks  SPANX shorts, vintage boots, and FALKE socks  EVERLAST shorts, vintage boots, and FALKE socks.  GUESS top and FENDI pants and shoes.  DIOR HOMME suit, shirt and shoes and SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO tie.  Would calling relations between the U.S. and Mexico tense be hitting the nail on the nose? Would calling Mexican-American, super featherweight boxer Ryan “The Flash” Garcia undefeated be an overstatement? In Southern California, we can almost see Trump’s wall on our tippy-toes of the nation’s newest big big (read: tallest) building west of the Mississippi. For us, Ryan Garcia is more than a boxer; he is an elegant symbol of coexistence, of grayness, of double standards. In a world where people are willing and eager to cough up sub-minimum wages for undocumented labor while supporting stupid movements for taller borders, who better to grace these pages than a 20-year-old pretty boy who violently incapacitates people, professionally? Let freedom ring!  Photographed by Sye Williams Fashion Director — Santa  Bevacqua   Styled by Leonard Murray Groomed by Carson Stern   Produced by Lisa Houck   Photo Assistant — Chris Stotlz  Styling Assistant — Britton Litow Location — The Palace Theater Video: Hailey Ruffner      Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   It is October 29th as I write this, which is basically Halloween, so the question is: do you have all of your costumes yet?  I get it. Halloween seems to last an entire week, if not longer, and it feels absolutely imperative to have a different costume for every spooky evening coming your way. And you have to look fabulous, or be clever, or have become a MUA overnight and have watched a scary good make-up  tutorial. Plus, if you give in and buy your costumes, you might end up with a new set of outfits you will never wear again. Well, I’m here to help. Whether you’re broke or you’re ballin’, you can use any of these casual and cute pieces as parts of a costume. Then next week, when the world is normal again (until the holiday season hits), you can break it out and add it to your every-day closet.    If God is a woman, I’m pretty sure the Devil is one, too. I mean, Satan is sexy, majestic, and she keeps receipts.  That’s why, if you’re thinking of dressing up as the dark angel, I would suggest either this super sleek, sheer maxi dress from Forever 21 ($24.90) or this grandiose, oversized, opera faux fur coat by Balenciaga ($4,100). Get yourself a pair of red pumps and some horns, then get to damning those souls, babes.   Photo via Forever 21 Photo via Balenciaga   You know what’s really scary? The fact that we’re like, hurtling toward the end of the world as we know it and for the most part, we’re continuing with our daily lives as if everything is fine.  Anyway, to dress up as our planet’s glaciers melting due to climate change, I would take a look at this cute, puffy jacket from Amazon ($59) or these stylish, shiny trousers from Prada ($1,720). Match either of these with either bikini bottoms or a top to represent the constant beach party we’ll be having when Earth’s water levels rise high enough.  Photo via Amazon Photo via Prada   Ahoy, ladies! Do you ever feel like you were a sailor in a past life, living out on the sea, in the sun, skirting the glittery blue ocean on your way to explore the world? This is your time let ye old self out! Get yourself a captain’s hat, and you’ll be ready for adventure with either this cool and cozy gold buttoned coat from Zara ($149) or this gorgeous embroidered wool and silk one from Dior (Available at Dior boutiques).  Photo via Zara Photo via Dior  This is the perfect opportunity to break out your adorable space buns (btw, are they called that because of Leia??). Whether you go simple with this ASOS hoodie ($29) or get grand with this hooded coat by Gucci ($3,980), all you need is to get your hair right and all your favorite Star Wars nerds will know exactly who you are.   Photo via ASOS Photo via Gucci   All you need for this look is one of those silly little bell boy hats and one of these gorgeous red coats, and then you’ll be good to go. It’s a perfect look, actually. You could spend the night partying, passing out candy, or loitering by the elevators in your favorite downtown hotels. How well do you think bell boys get tipped? Probably pretty well.  The first coat is the burgundy oversized jacket from H&M ($39.99) the second is the embroidered officer jacket in antique red velvet from Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello ($3,890).   Photo via H&M Photo via Saint Laurent Written by Zoe Banoža  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                Launched exclusively with Maxfield LA, the “LA Anarchy” capsule collection is the most recent project from founders Alan Sutcliffe and Jeff Skene of Local Authority.  The Maxfield Gallery in West Hollywood, transformed into a bold and gritty homage to Los Angeles. In the center, an electric red Ferrari, with garments from the collection along the perimeter. The space also featured various backdrops for photo-ops, like a chain link fence set in front of a faux brick wall, littered with propaganda posters, a red lip couch illuminated by a neon silhouette of a woman, and pink and green neon palm trees on either side of a surfboard. Co-founder Alan Sutcliffe mentioned that “they wanted the space to be fun and interactive”, and it was nothing short of.  Grounded in the brand’s, LA skate and surf culture aesthetic, the streetwear items in this collection are classic callbacks: leather moto jackets, black embroidered and patched letterman jackets, chinos, garage jackets and graphic tees. Print type adorning some of the garments read, “Malibu High” and, “Bel-Air” reminding us of the brand’s home base status as an LA brand. A sexy, soft-draped leopard print flooding an oversized, boxy short sleeve button down, loose joggers and bucket hat, remind us, also, that the brand is anything less than punk rock. Co-founder Jeff Skene says that this collection, “really encompasses the DIY, "do it yourself", subculture.” He explains that, “All of the limited punk patched garments featured patches that were printed and cut out by hand using custom and repurposed art inspired by propaganda posters and punk ideology.” The DIY aspect and curated vintage elements exhibit a strong sense of individuality that is truly felt throughout the individual pieces and the collection as a whole.  In conversation about the brand’s namesake, Co-founder Jeff Skene says that “The name Local Authority is inspired by pride for [their] community.” He states also that, “Many of [their] prints and branding feature iconic locations and highlight local aspects of the community” and that “[they] want their audience to be able to identify with the product on a core level.”  With Local Authority, it’s never about fitting in. The “in” is really standing on the outside of the lines.  Photos courtesy of @The1point8 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   October 28th marks National Cat Day, and we couldn’t be more excited about the prospects of getting a chance to honor our beloved feline friends the same way our Egyptian counterparts did to the cat gods. While the thought of Cat Day is a great idea, I still can’t shake off the thought of mousey girls in frumpy knits trying to herd a litter of cats, wrists bloody from getting scratched up… To each their own, here is a list of things to do this weekend to reclaim the cat lady.  The Other Art Fair’s guest artist Gary Baseman created an immersive experience called The Purr Room and offer two new limited edition prints for purchase—available exclusively at the fair. Many of Baseman’s wild works have been inspired by his cat Blackie. The Other Art fair: 3021 Airport Ave, Santa Monica As previously mentioned, the chicest cat lovers in NY will have the chance to treat themselves to the Grace Coddington Louis Vuitton collab that is decorated with Coddington’s  drawings of her 2 Persian cats. The pop-up just opened and will be available through November 12th. Grace Coddington x Louis Vuitton NYC pop-up: 3 Ninth Ave, New York  Even with the art installation and/or a new bag perhaps the greatest luxury is just to have a latte with a kitty. Crumbs & Wiskers and PrettyLitter is giving out 30 minute experiences along with free caffeine from 9:30am-2:30pm. Crumbs & Whiskers: 7924 Melrose Ave, Los Angeles Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017           Look out, New York. Catogram is here.  Grace Coddington has teamed up with Louis Vuitton and Nicholas Ghesquière for the Cruise 2019 Collection to create a line that bring classic styles and eccentric playfulness together, all in the name of cats. Ok, and a dog, too.  In the Catogram collection, cartoonish drawings of Coddington’s two Persian cats, Pumpkin and Blanket, and Ghesquière’s dog, Léon—drawn by Coddington herself—can be seen sprawled across monogramed leather or a kitten clutch bags.  Last night in the Meatpacking District a assortment of LV guests came out to celebrate Ghesquière and Coddington including Michelle Williams, Julianne Moore, Sienna Miller, Riley Keough, Paul Bettany, Justin Theroux, Sofia Coppola, Noomi Rapace, Cary Fukunaga, and Karen Elson.  The adorably stylish line hits stores on Nov. 2, but the pop-up, which will run until Nov. 12. Perfect timing for National Cat Day. Grace Coddington x Louis Vuitton NYC pop-up  3 Ninth Ave, New York NY 10014  Monday-Saturday 11am-7pm Sunday 11am-6pm   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Denim pant for $478, (resewn from 7 pants)  Denim pant for $478, (resewn from 7 pants)  Color-blocked merino sweater for $428, (resewn from 4 sweaters)  Color-blocked merino sweater for $428, (resewn from 4 sweaters)  Felted logo hat for $125, (uniquely felted from recycled garments)  Felted logo hat for $125, (uniquely felted from recycled garments)  Color-blocked silk top for $378, (resewn from 5 blouses)  Color-blocked silk top for $378, (resewn from 5 blouses)  Color-blocked silk top for $378, (resewn from 5 blouses)  Color-blocked silk top for $378, (resewn from 5 blouses) Denim pant for $478, (resewn from 7 pants) Public School and EILEEN FISHER have teamed up for a collaborative collection with a focus on up-cycling. In a recent tour of the EILEEN FISHER, Tiny Factory in Irvington, NY, Dao-Yi Chow and Maxwell Osborne [CFDA award-winning designers behind Public School] decided to take over the factory to work with the Renew circular design program. The marriage of EILEEN FISHER’s classic shapes and sustainable practices with PUBLIC SCHOOL’s unique ‘street’ design ascetic, has given birth to four ‘resewn’ ready-to-wear pieces with zero-waste; Using damaged garments from the take-back program as the raw materials for the collection.  With the UN’s recent report on Climate change, this collaboration comes at the perfect time to educate consumers of both Public School and EILEEN FISHER how to shop ethically and responsibly. The fashion industry continuously stands as one of the top polluting industries in the world; designers like Chow and Osborne are the revolutionary change that our environment so desperately needs: “This is one of the most important collaborations we’ve worked on in terms of providing visibility and awareness around a critical issue — sustainability within our industry,” stated Chow and Osborne. “This is the first step for our brand towards implementing sustainable standards into our own practices. Eileen has been such an amazing leader in the sustainable space, so we’re really fortunate to be able to work and learn from her and her team.” Color-blocked silk top for $378, (resewn from 5 blouses) The New York-based Renew program has been a sizable developmental focus for the EILEEN FISHER brand, collecting over one million garments and repurposing them through a deconstructed design process. Public School saw this reprocessing as an opportunity to join through their creative lens.  “The next generation of designers are the future of the industry,” Eileen says, “I find it encouraging that influential voices like Dao-Yi and Maxwell are integrating sustainability practices into their design process and considering the impact their choices will have. They are designing with the purpose of creating a better industry. Through this experience, it is clear that there is synergy between our two brands to design garments that are effortless. It was energizing to see their design take on our brand concept and bring something unexpected to the table.” The Public School x EILEEN FISHER collection exclusively launched in Brooklyn at the Making Space store on October 25th, 2018.  Written by: Morgan Vickery Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Gigi Hadid Denek K Imaan Hammam Barry Lomeka Bella Hadid Radhika Nai Trevor Isabeli Fontana João Knorr Sora Choi Alexis Denek K God aka Naomi Campbell On the side of the main triangular shape black wooden runway platform surrounded by raised stadium benches, flashing lights signs and several large screen monitors was a TV booth designed by the firms Magic Leap and Warpin Media to create an experimental and immersive fashion experience where anyone putting on a Magic One headset can actually live and feel the products and the inspirations behind them at the launch of the latest collaboration Moschino (TV) H&M with the fashion show at Basketball City that was broadcasted live in Times Square.  On screens were Moschino and H&M logos, pictures of models wearing different products like black bras with gold chains, small leather purses, and even a dancing bear all floating about and merging onto one another with loud music playing in the background.  At the end of the sequences of still life and moving live images was the video of a black bag being melted and a bank vault that opened with a giant gold bar flying around inside.  Existing now only as a creative experiment coming to live a virtual reality installation at the site of the H&Moschino fashion show, H&M hopes to be able to eventually translate this and other new technology into e-commerce as well as the merging of brick-mortar with digital retail where consumer can shop from home and pickup products at stores as a model for future store and shopping experience.  To bring new concepts and new products to consumers have been the cornerstone of the H&M collaborative project with high fashion designers that commenced in fall 2004 with Karl Lagerfeld and every subsequent years since with the likes of Oliver Rousteing for Balmain, Comme des Garçons, Stella McCartney and Versace.   The latest collaboration of H&M and Moschino exuded originality at their immersive fashion show. The show took place at Basketball City and was broadcasted live in Time Square. A black, triangular shaped runway was surrounded by raised stadium benches, large screen monitors, and flashing lights. Models debuting the new products were projected on large TVs wearing black bras with gold chains and small leather purses. Loud music and merging images of dancing bears, the brand’s logos, and melting leather bags created an environment that felt much more like a virtual reality.  The H&M and Moschino collaboration with the Milanese house and its designer Jeremy Scott offered a wide range of products including gold sequins down coats, black leather jackets, pants and jumpsuits with criss cross gold chain links, gold leather pants, jackets and bikers, colorful print strapless dress, anoraks and faux leopard coats; black leather zippered dress; acid washed denim bustier, miniskirt, and a bevy of accessories like peace sign earrings, padlock small purses, chains necklaces and even logo elbow sleeves. The clothes were launched by an all star cast including Gigi, Bella, Joan, Naomi and even Jordan Barrett, Mitchell Slaggert and Jhona Burjack.  With loud rap music playing during the show, Jeremy Scott is smart to pair these products with the aesthetic prevalence in the late 1980’s and 1990’s golden era of hip hop where rappers used fashion to create an identity of their own in stark contrast to the more glamour oriented designer fashion world. Of course, Scott added his own touch to the chic yet urban streetwear, creating sports jersey inspired mini-dresses and white T’s with prominent Disney characters. A short evening dress with a long black train was paired with thigh high black leather lace up boots. Gold chains crossed on black leather jackets and matching pants were accompanied by necklaces with Moschino logo. These designs seemed to echo Mercedes Benz hood and dookie worn as necklaces by the likes of RUN DMC, Biz Markie and Slick Rick and the prison chain made famous by Treach of Naughty by Nature now rendered as peace signs earrings. The chains worn by those rappers represented the symbols of money and power, whereas now they are paired marvelously with silver jumpsuits or black wool jackets and a logo black bra top. Missing perhaps are the four-finger gold rings that were part of the staple of Big Daddy Kane! In today’s age of ubiquitous collaborations, it is easy to forget that H&M was the first to bring designer design level product to a wider mass audience that preserved the DNA of the collaborative designer and brand.  Thus a Balmain military coat in the fall 2015 launch or a Lanvin jacket from fall 2010 were essentially Balmain and Lanvin coat and jacket respectively but made with less expensive materials to be available at a lower price point.  It’s the opposite of a high fashion brand making a streetwear item like a sweatshirt in high quality materials and marketed at luxury level pricing.  Despite the glamour of the show, I can’t help but feel the products themselves should be slightly more expensive. Nice leather, nylon prints, and accessories lacked, even for the standard of these special drop collections. Perhaps these kinds of collaborations will be more frequent than just once a year and will serve as a means for the giant retailer to move in a new direction dealing with more exclusivity and higher price point products and maybe fewer products sold which is the antithesis of the company’s base business model of low cost and quantity of products deemed to fit the latest trends. Any business model is due for alterations in the rapidly changing fashion and retail environment where consumers are making conscious choices about buying products from brands that also share their ethical values. H&M’s embrace of new technology, even at an experimental basis, now provides a window to a future course as the world’s second largest producer of fashion products. Photos courtesy of BFA Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                                                   Last night freaks, sluts, and dicks of every stripe huddled around a nondescript Las Palmas haunt (where the Houston Brothers happen to be cooking up their latest extravagant den of deviance) for a soiree to celebrate Diesel Hate Couture and Flaunt's The Double Standards Issue. Hosted by TJ, Sebastien White and Dinah Rankin, who appeared in The Double Standards Issue editorial “Revenge of the Nerds, Sluts, Freaks, & Fairies” featuring Diesel Hate Couture, the sightly lineup also included AllieX, Odessa Adlon, Rydel Lynch, Shaun Ross and Jaime Xie.  Once inside, guests had two options: head to the bar, where DJs Vivien James and Will Calcutt, aka Weans Machine, were kicking out the jams, or proceed to the get their photo snapped, picture-day style, referencing the conceit of the aforementioned editorial. The photos were then printed on a Diesel t-shirt and stamped with epithets from the Hate Couture campaign, either self-applied in triumphant reclamation in line with the campaign's motto ("The more hate you wear, the less you care") or justly assigned--Slut, Hater, Loser, Dick, and Homo proved particularly popular. Those same photos were also printed on posters and collaged on a wall, and once the lights flashed on, guests saw their mugs again plastered with the aforementioned epithets. Thankfully, the El Silencio mezcal we were sipping on all night is as clean at it is delicious, and we weren't much the worse for wear this morning.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Seth Bogart’s brand Wacky Wacko just released their fabulous collection that is totally divine. The Divine collection is in collaboration with Divine Official Enterprises. John Water’s iconic muse’s image is spread through the collection splashes allover the front of unisex t-shirts, button downs, crop tops, leggings, and bags. All in a retro pink.  Divines legacy continues to inspire many from movies to music, and now streetwear.  The dusty pink and casual style of the collection was inspired by an iconic Divine t-shirt originally created for “Divine In Detroit!” This new product incorporates the original art from 1981 putting a retro spin on modern style.  The Wacky Wacko x Divine collection is available at www.wackywacko.com Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       In 1986 Georges-Louis Vuitton designed the signature Monogram Flower that is essential to the Louis Vuitton brand. The brand has recently reimagined the flower as the new Louis Vuitton Star Blossom, celebrating tradition while also perfectly complimenting the brand's present direction. The bracelets, earrings, rings and pendants  sit against a backdrop of rose gold and diamonds deliver elegant dazzle.  Ranging from $3,000 to $8,500, the easy-to-wear jewelry collection portrays the flower as a lucky charm that can easily be worn as a casual daytime jewelry piece while also pairing well with a classic evening look. Endearing and balanced — the Star Blossom adds subtle glam to your seasonal look.  Purchase the new collection here.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017         The iconic Italian fine jewelry line, Pomellato, celebrated its late August grand reopening last week in Beverly Hills — a new space with a luxurious design, taking customers through an elegant atmosphere that focuses on timeless yet modern jewelry. The stores red laquer, gold chains, and royal purple chairs honor the brands signature colored gems. The brand hosted an elegant cocktail hour at the Pomellato store, bringing together guests like Chiara Ferragni, social media influencer and the face of the Pomellato From Women campaign. Following the gathering, Chiara joined guests who proceeded to the rooftop terrace at Christie’s, where they viewed the campaign that was originally introduced in May on International Women’s Day.  At the heels of the brands 50th anniversary, the Pomellato For Women’s campaign celebrates  women through “the timeless beauty of individual personality”. Ferragni’s blog The Blonde Salad launched back in 2009 has propelled her into entrepreneurial success, which proves why Pomellato describes her as an “influencer-model-guru-CEO”. In talking to the radiant Chiara, we learned more about her work with Pomellato and why her voice represents one of the many women changing the tide in leadership, art and culture.   How did this collaboration with Pomellato come together? Pomellato is a brand that has always been loved in my family, my mother have some Pomellato pieces and now I do to. I love that it's an Italian brand with a strong Milanese heart , like me, and even more it's such a contemporary and updated brand, that speaks directly to women. It's a great honor to me to be the face of Pomellato, after all the beautiful and strong women that have posed for this brand. I'm also a great fan of Sabina Belli, Pomellato's CEO, she's a great source of inspiration to me.    What kind of woman do you envision wearing Pomellato jewelry?  A strong and independent woman. Someone who is focused and great in what she does, a satisfied and fulfilled person.  A woman who can gift herself a jewel, because she doesn't need a man to buy her one, because she is independent and likes to celebrate important moments in her life, a baby, an advancement in her career or reaching an important goal. Pomellato's design is timeless and desiderable, which makes it a perfect gift also if you want to communicate a strong emotion to a person you love.   What was your inspiration for the collaboration, do you want to evoke a certain feeling or time? I wanted something timeless, like Pomellato's collections and being photographed by Peter Lindbergh for this campaign was a great honor and pleasure. I've been collecting his books and his black and white pictures are so powerful and emotional. I'm so happy of the result.   What gender challenges and benefits do you think women face working in the arts these days? Thanks to the Internet and Social Media, woman have the opportunity to raise their voice and to have a bigger chance to be heard. I think it's important to remember that the bigger audience who have, whether on Instagram, Youtube or on printed media, who you still have the responsibility of your actions and choices.   What inspires you to create? I'm inspired by everything, for my friends, my followers' emails, travelling, a movie or a documentary. Inspiration comes from everywhere.   Check out the campaign here http://forwomen.pomellato.com/ Written by Charmaine Griffin Interview by Mui-Hai Chu Photography by Donato Sardella/Getty Images for Pomellato Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    MAX MARA sweatshirt, skirt, and gloves, stylist’s own tights, PALANTINES shoes, and RACHEL COMEY earrings.  RACHEL COMEY dress, M.I.H JEANS turtleneck, KURT LYLE boots, and FADE TO BLACK rings.  LYYKE WOLF top, M.I.H JEANS pants, and PALANTINES shoes.  MAX MARA sweatshirt, skirt, and gloves, and RACHEL COMEY earrings.  SIMON MILLER jacket and pouch, COLOVOS skirt, DARNER socks, CHLOE GOSSELIN shoes, and ADAM SELMAN X LE SPECS sunglasses.  DION LEE dress, TANK AIR STUDIO tank top, DARNER socks, and PALANTINES shoes.   From her appearance on prime-time hit Modern Family to a leading role in The Purge, the charismatic Dallas-native, Jessica Garza, has hit her stride in the golden age of television. Flaunt had the privilege of catching up with the young actress, who gave us a lesson in pursuing your passions, living confidently, and finding balance between work and family.  What was life like growing up in Dallas? When did you know that you wanted to pursue a career in acting? Throughout my whole life, this has been something that I have been doing and have always wanted to do. My younger brother, who is also an actor, and I were very theatrical growing up as kids. We would love to put on plays in our house for our family with costumes, music, props, and sets and would really try to make it a whole production. As we got older, I met someone in like fourth grade who would go to acting classes and auditions and it clicked in my brain, this is something people actually do for a living. I found it amazing that I could do what I loved and turn it into a career. When high school came about, you start to think about your future right? College? No college? What college? My dad was very adamant about me going to college, so I made a deal with him, which was if I graduated a year early, I could spend the year in LA auditioning, therefore I wouldn't be behind and if the year didn't go well then I could move back to Texas and go to college.  And he agreed, so me, my brother and my mom temporarily moved out to LA where we took classes and went to auditions, we tried it out and it went well enough for my dad to be like ‘ok… try another year’ and then another year went by and then four, five years later and we are still here. I feel like it's been implemented into mine and my brother's genes. I could never imagen doing anything else.  Playing the role of Anabel in ’SIX’ was probably a very big break for you in your career, that must of been quiet an intimidating role to play? What was the transition like going from guest starring major TV series like Modern Family and NCIS to actually being a crucial figure in the cast? So NCIS was my very first job, it was extremely intimidating, to say the least. It was my first time being on a full-fledged set, so it was definitely scary.  Then about two years later, I just started working on SIX during the spring of 2016 and I had just turned 18. It was filmed in North Carolina and it was the first time I had to travel alone which was a very intimidating factor for me. Not being able to have my mom around, I had to figure it all out on my own, it was scary but also so exciting.  What i felt so proud of with my role in SIX was to see how it really transformed over the two seasons, because when I initially auditioned, it was only for a co-star for two episodes.  I kind of knew that it would probably be more than two episodes because the two people who play my parents, were key characters in the series. It was such a small role at first, I would literally come in and have one line like ‘Hey dad, what's up?’  but then as the season progressed and the time progressed that role really expanded. From two episodes as a co-star to 10 episodes later as a major guest star and just recurring every single episode. And that was the first time I really learned what was to do good work and be rewarded for it. That expansion would not have come had I not been prepared and put hard work into the character.  How would you say being in SIX has changed your path? As a person or in your career? Would you say the role gave you a door to more opportunities? It definitely transformed me in so many different ways. I was the only kid there surrounded by a set of all adults. But my stage parents were excellent role models to look up to. I gained a strength of independence in my own personality and who I wanted to be as an actress. I learned how to conduct myself on set and also how a set actually works... If you have ever been on one, you know how chaotic it is. You see everyone running around like crazy in their own little bubble but there is always a formula to the madness.  In all of the chaos created on set something so spectacular always comes out of it.  Starring as the female lead in ‘The Purge’, it's obviously a big role to play, how did you prepare for that? What was your creative process?  Were you nervous? What was the experience on set?  ‘The Purge’ felt like that dream come true but when I booked it, I felt such a pressure straight away that I had never felt before. First of all, because it’s a dream to be cast as a series regular in a TV show, period, and then to be cast as a series regular in a huge franchise that’s already so picked up where you don't have to go through that process of filming a pilot it felt like a dream.   I actually didn't know too much about my role in particular when I first booked it, even through-out the filming process, we would only get scrips every couple days before we would film the episodes so we would be in the middle of episode three and would just get episode four.  I love my character, I loved the arc and the transformation that she has gone through, every single script that would come out felt even more exiting, like a total dream because it kept getting better and better.  And its always nice to see how everyone reacts, to see how the audience go through it while I was filming.  What do you look for, when you're looking at roles?  Well I think before, ‘Purge’, there wasn't a lot of room to say no to things, I mean sure, there was some stuff that I would turn down because it had no purpose what so ever, but when you’re starting out, there are roles that may not necessarily excite you, but you need to go for because you need the job and the money and then there are obviously roles that come along that will truly truly excite you, one of them being a small role I played on NBC’s AP Bio’s. When I read that pilot script, I can't tell you how excited I got, it was one of the best comedy pilots I had ever read, it made me laugh out loud and that's what I look for when reading scripts, to make me laugh out loud. For drama, I look for stuff that terrifies me while leaving me feeling so excited. It gives me this urge to just want to do the role justice. Do you always get to add your own twist to every character that you play?  I think for me, I put a lot of who I am in every role that I play and I guess that some stuff I audition for, I am just not gonna get because it's just not who I am at the core of me. It’s hard to just take away the vulnerability of who I am.    For Penelope, it worked so well because I played her in a very valuable light, which was a factor that the creators wanted which is why I guess I got picked for the job.  That's why when you go for auditions and you get to the ending process of auditioning if you don't get picked, it's pointless to be like, ‘ahh, the other person got it because she is a better actress than me’ and yeah sometimes that totally happens but sometimes it just comes down to being different people, bringing different aspects to the table. What is the most rewarding and most challenging part of your job? The most rewarding part is the process that I am in right now, which is airing. Every Tuesday morning feels like Christmas to me, you wake up and you're like ‘I can't wait to see the episode, I can't wait for everyone else to see how much we have all poured our hearts and souls into this’. It's so incredible to see the finished product of something that you are apart of, seeing it all vanished with the sound and the music… The most challenging part is probably filming it, for sure. ‘The Purge’ show, in particular, was extremely intense, emotionally and physically. There was a lot of night shoots as well as day shoots, so Monday you would star at 8 am, work for 12 hours but then come Friday you would probably start at 8 pm and work during the night. In the moment it feels exhausting but then you go home after a long day and you still don’t want to sleep because it’s just all so fulfilling and rewarding. What advice do you have for all of the young people who want to pursue acting? I think the most important thing is that you bring a level of confidence to everything you do, in any aspect of life actually, whether it's your career or even in dating.  Confidence is always attractive and it can also fool a lot of people too. Being honest with who you are and showing confidence in that. Then the second thing I would say that is important is work ethic. When I was done with the 'The Purge,' I was straight back to acting class. Its all about working and learning while trying to improve yourself. And then when the time comes, showing all of that off in the auditioning room. I remember watching this interview where this actor was talking about how auditioning was like dating and I never heard anything truer. He said you don’t want to go into an audition room like ‘Please hire me! Please, please please!’ like you don’t want to go on a date with somebody like ‘Please date me, please date me!’  When you do for an audition you want to go in and be like, this is mine or it's not …I want to tell this story, I hope that the way I tell it is your version of how you want to tell it, but if not, then no big deal. Confidence is key. Outside of your acting career, what are your personal goals? I would say I am a very career-based person, everything that I do in my life is geared towards my career. It’s stuff as simple as watching movies, going shopping, going out to restaurants and then I like to spend a lot of time with my family. That’s super important to me. We have a very small but supportive family. As I mentioned, my brother is an actor too, so we are always going through the same type of experiences and struggles. It's nice to be able to seek help and advice from him and I am lucky to have someone close to me to who I can relate too. It's always important to take advantage of the time you have with your loved ones. What do we expect to see from you in the future? Any upcoming projects you can talk about? For right now, we are seeing how the season plays out in terms with the future. I really want to do a project in comedy. I have done tiny bits and pieces here and there but not enough to fulfill that urge.  Photographed by avethirtyfour.  Styled by Britton Litow.  Hair and Makeup by Nathaniel Dezan using Oribe and M.A.C at Opus Beauty. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   We, at Flaunt, can be said to have a bit of a sweet tooth. We like our glamour, we like our glory, we like our mayonnaise on our bolognese. Yet, as it’s said of a sweet tooth... too much of a good thing...it hurts! So we’ll measure our headaches by our hearts won, the first thumping love box belonging to one Ermenegildo Zegna. He voyaged from Milano to LA to toast this summer’s The Prelude Issue cover star, Bill Skarsgård. The actor moved about the selective guest list at Hollywood’s new Beauty & Essex like a stingray (all of the moves but none of the barbs!). I mean, what a sweetie for being so creepy on TV. Maestro Dobel Tequila was on the pour, and sweet sounds from the likes of DJ Jihaari and Darren Rademaker made us forget it was just another manic Monday. Rather, we sought orgiastic abandon in the otherwise quiet City of Angels. Having had our fill of hunky Swedes (Bill rolled to his cover party with his older bro, Alex, and we hearted the hardened...chests), we corralled a bevy of beauties up Trousdale way for a sunset fête. Bitching Spanish outfitter, Adriana Iglesias, brought an Ibizan attitude and an affinity for the Maestro Dobel Tequila, and Marcel Vigneron’s carnivorous Wolf delights on dish. Our jaws were kept looser than our hemlines as we thumped and fist-pumped to the deep house sounds of Yaya Mix and Vivien James. Sweet tooths stinging with all that groove, we decided to ice it down, properly, in Moscow! We toasted the Bvlgari: A Tribute to Femininity, a gargantuan exhibition of the Roman house’s fabled jewels and artifacts. We were amidst a grip of famous fashionistas flown from the far reaches of this beautiful planet, that we just learned was, get this, round. To NYC for some F-dubya action,we toasted our pals, Prada, at their freaky fun celebration of Linea Rossa. Never mind that they weren’t even showing! Keeping it in the family, and longing for our Bev Hills orthodontic, cosmetic doctor and god dad, we necked it back to LaLa just in time to celebrate Miu Miu Type, a capsule collection dropped at Maxfield amidst a fleet of laughed-up Young Hollywood. Novocaine may sound like a space mission, which rhymes with another favorite body-tingling noun of ours (“November Rain,” of course), and it is! Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017          Renown music producer Swizz Beatz teamed with high fashion legacy brand Bally to create a translucent, wearable art collection, featuring London-based SHOK-1’s signature X-Ray design. With the help of Bally CEO Frédéric de Narp, Swizz hosted a party at the Bally Rodeo Drive flagship store in Beverly Hills, showcasing everything from footwear to handbags, each stamped with the unique X-Ray designs. The party featured a continuation of Swizz Beatz’ tour, the artist performing on a chic, makeshift stage. The two-story Bally Rodeo Drive store also featured an intricate rooftop bar with music presented by DJ Runna.  Curated by Swizz himself, the Bally x SHOK-1 capsule collection offers many options, from sneakers to accessories to accessible clothing, each complete with the quality expected of Bally. The collection is available exclusively at Bally stores worldwide, the Bally website, and select wholesale partners. Photographs by: Getty Images for Bally Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    DIOR coat, shirt, and pants, DINOSAUR DESIGNS earrings and stylist’s own ribbon.  DIOR jacket, shirt, pants, and jewelry, EMANUEL UNGARO shoes and model’s own rings.  BEYOND RETRO vest, ROCKET shirt and pants, and stylist’s own bandana.  From left to right: BEYOND RETRO vest, ROCKET shirt and pants and stylist’s own bandana. AMI sweater and pants, JOSEPH shirt, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, and DIOR bandana and belt.  MIU MIU jacket and pants.  MISSONI blazer and pants, BEYOND RETRO vest, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, DINOSAUR DESIGNS earrings, and stylist’s own ribbon.  MISSONI sweater, pants, and scarf and CHRISTIAN LOUBOU- TIN shoes.  SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO blazer and shirt and model’s own jewelry.  From left to right: SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO dress. SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO blazer and shirt and model’s own jewelry.  DSQUARED2 shirt and pants, DIOR HOMME belt, and DR. MARTENS shoes.  From left to right: SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO dress. EMILIA WICKSTEAD dress, CHANEL earring worn as brooch, and BEYOND RETRO turban.  Mulberry dress, shoes, and socks.  MULBERRY shirt, skirt, shoes, and socks.  PAUL SMITH blazer and trousers, ROKIT shirt, and DR.MARTENS boots.  From left to right:JOSEPH shirt and pants, HERMÉS boots, and talent’s own jewelry. PAUL SMITH blazer and pants, BEYOND RETRO shirt and DR. MARTENS boots.  CHANEL dress, earrings and gloves.  Photographer: Phil Hewitt Stylist: Ellie Witt,   Talent: Ruqayyah, Thalita Gomes, Abolaji, Omari  Hair: Kei Takano  Makeup: Dash Photo Assistant: Michael Hani Stylist Assistant: Sara Mtimet  Hair Assistant: Kai Washimi Makeup Assistant: Shori Kawato Set Designer: Ash Halliburton  Art Director & Producer: Studio Macki Casting: Lauren Smith  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    From left to right: DIOR sweater, pants, bag, ring, necklace and belt. DIOR HOMME shirt, turtleneck, and pants.   From left to right PRADA sweater and t-shirt. PRADA shirt.  From left to right: VALENTINO jacket, pants and shoes AG t-shirt. SALVATORE FERRAGAMO dress and boots, DIOR ring.   ROBERTO CAVALLI jumpsuit, and SOON earrings.  From left to right: DIOR jacket, ROBERTO CAVALLI jumpsuit, and SOON earrings. VALENTINO coat, shirt, and pants. .   VALENTINO coat, shirt, and pants.   From left to right: MIU MIU dress and sweater, DIOR ring and earrings. SALVATORE FERRAGAMO jacket, pants, and shoes, and CAMP COLLECTION t-shirt.  MIU MIU dress and sweater, MALONE SOULIERS shoes, and DIOR ring and earrings.  From left to right MSGM skirt, sweater and scarf, DIOR sunglasses, SOON earrings. VALENTINO sweater and turtleneck, MSGM jeans and shoes.  From left to right: VALENTINO sweater and dress, SALVATORE FERRAGAMO boots, THE2BANDITS earrings. SALVATORE FERRAGAMO sweater, ROBERTO CAVALLI pants and boots.   From left to right: LOUIS VUITTON dress. LOUIS VUITTON cardigan. From left to right: DIOR sweater, pants, bag, ring, necklace and belt. DIOR HOMME shirt, turtleneck, and pants. From left to right PRADA sweater and t-shirt. PRADA shirt. From left to right: VALENTINO jacket, pants and shoes AG t-shirt. SALVATORE FERRAGAMO dress and boots, DIOR ring. ROBERTO CAVALLI jumpsuit, and SOON earrings. From left to right: DIOR jacket, ROBERTO CAVALLI jumpsuit, and SOON earrings. VALENTINO coat, shirt, and pants. VALENTINO coat, shirt, and pants. From left to right: MIU MIU dress and sweater, DIOR ring and earrings. SALVATORE FERRAGAMO jacket, pants, and shoes, and CAMP COLLECTION t-shirt. MIU MIU dress and sweater, MALONE SOULIERS shoes, and DIOR ring and earrings. From left to right MSGM skirt, sweater and scarf, DIOR sunglasses, SOON earrings. VALENTINO sweater and turtleneck, MSGM jeans and shoes. From left to right: VALENTINO sweater and dress, SALVATORE FERRAGAMO boots, THE2BANDITS earrings. SALVATORE FERRAGAMO sweater, ROBERTO CAVALLI pants and boots. From left to right: LOUIS VUITTON dress. LOUIS VUITTON cardigan. Photographed by Kayla Varley  Models Miriam at Freedom Models and Laurence G at IMG   Styled and Art directed by Soaree Cohen Hair- Veronica Chanel @prettyfreshbeauty  Make up- Paloma Alcantar @palomamua Styling Assistant  Ange Partel  Special Thanks to - The Hawkins Residence  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017        The worlds of art, fashion and design came together last night at the Kayne Griffin Corcoran gallery in Los Angeles as COS hosted an intimate dinner party to celebrate its ongoing partnership with Dia Art Foundation and Mary Corse, an LA-based artist.  Tuna tostadas and Weiser potato bites were washed down with champagne and cocktails as guests--including Kate Mara, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Jaime King, Tom Payne, Aluna Francis, Rita McBride, Maggie Kayne, Dia’s David Morehouse and Alexis Lowry, and Corse herself--explored the gallery of work by Corse before sitting down to a Sqirl-catered meal.  Dia, established in 1974, commissions single-artist projects, exhibitions and site-specific installations, like that of Corse, whose work is currently on long-term view at Dia:Beacon in upstate New York. COS began its partnership with them in the spring of 2018, continuing its history of giving back to the art world that has long inspired their collections.  “We are thrilled to be continuing our partnership with Dia Art Foundation in the United States, and celebrating the work of Los Angeles based artist Mary Corse,” said COS Global Head of Communications Atul Pathak. “It is an honor to support an organization that has been the source of such inspiration for our collections.” Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017           On Tuesday Panerai invited Flaunt to an intimate evening, sharing in the joys of their newest timepieces as well as the elegant dinner and drinks.  Panerai’s historic Luminor design has transformed to Luminor Due 3 Days Automatic models, their thinnest and most versatile creation to date. It’s elegant face has a logical design, yet still manages to inspire minimalist lines for every wrist’s delight. This newest installment come in stainless steel or red gold cases with 42 mm and 38 mm in diameter.   In the history of the 158-year-old company, the Italian watchmakers have never made a 38 mm diameter, something to take note of. Interesting fact, these watches were created to adapt to withhold the pressure from WWII missile submarines. Celebration for this — and so much more — was definitely in order for Panerai. Upon arriving we chose a watch to throw on for the evening. Naturally we chose the more statement making LUMINOR Submersible 1950. While the shimmering clock faces stared up into the night, glasses of shimmering champagne were served at the Panerai Boutique in Beverly Hills. A decadent dinner followed at Jean-Georges at the Waldorf Astoria, the perfect scene to bid the night addio. Discover the new collection here. Photos courtesy of Panerai/ Sean Behr Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   GIORGIO ARMANI jacket, dress, shoes, hat and earrings. VIVIENNE WESTWOOD coat. CHANEL jacket, earrings, and gloves. CHANEL jacket, pants, shoes, earrings, and gloves. ETRO dress and VIVIENNE WESTWOOD cape. CHANEL coat and GIORGIO ARMANI jumpsuit. Photography:  Sharum+Ari. Style and Art Direction: Joshua Liebman Talent: Carolina Burgin at Vision Los Angeles  Hair: Nicole Chew using Oribe Haircare at Art Department  Makeup: Crystal Liz using Mac Cosmetics Digital Tech and Assistant: Tucker Leary Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Writer Alexander Fury peeks into the fabulous mind of dressmaker Roland Mouret in  Roland Mouret: Provoke, Attract, Seduce. Before opening to the first page, the cover represents Mouret’s artistry at its most vital. A woman flows in sheer fabric. It moves around her like water she treads through. Mouret has refined these female draped silhouettes throughout a career lead with passion and love.  Alexander Fury picks up fragments of Mouret’s inspiration in a series of conversations, accompanied with photographs and clothes exclusive to this body of work. “I love the way fabric feels, I love to grab it, I love how clothes fall over the body,” Mouret says. His upbringing left potent images from working in butchery with his father. The collaboration dives deep into these seed of imagination with chapter names like “Blood, Bones, Fat” and “Butcher's Apron.” It’s a fascinating, yet incredibly personal account of how Mouret cuts and designs his clothing.  But most importantly, this book tells us why he designs the way he does.   You can purchased a copy of the Roland Mouret book Here Photos courtesy of Rizzoli Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017        Last night FENDI dropped their explosive line FENDI MANIA, marking it with 9 different launch events around the world. The launch party in LA featured names like Joe Jonas, Awkwafina, the Haim sisters, Presley Gerber, Esther McGregor, Miles Ricihie, Larsen Thompson, and Jhené Aiko. The line features the FENDI/FILA logo, creating a cross-section of the nostalgic and modern, of luxury fashion and chic sportswear. The Rodeo Drive store’s first level was transformed into the ultimate haven for the FENDI MANIA collection while upstairs featured the full range Fendi classics.  Joe Jonas Danielle, Este, and Alana Haim Presley Gerber Shop all the Fendi Mania collection Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    ADVISORY BOARD CRYSTALS sweater, VLONE pants, and NIKE X OFF WHITE C/O VIRGIL ABLOH shoes.   GUESS jacket, t-shirt, and pants and CONVERSE shoes. About halfway through my interview with Nicolai Marciano, the heir apparent to the denim-upholstered Guess throne, I ask him to name three things he couldn’t live without. He quickly lists his family (his father is Guess co-founder Paul Marciano), his work (he manages Brand Partnerships and Specialty Marketing for the brand), and then he pauses. The walls of the conference room are practically gyrating with iconic black-and-white Guess advertisements from the past forty years, much like the rest of their sleek and sprawling DTLA headquarters. I raise my eyebrows at the Juul e-cigarette sitting in front of him on the conference table, and he laughs. “I don’t want to be that guy.” He’s not. He’s eloquent and easygoing and effusively passionate about what he does, humbly yet extensively schooling me on everything from how Guess introduced stonewashed denim to the fashion world (“My dad and his brothers were telling these garment dye houses to put stones in their washing machines and everyone just thought they were insane”), to why Gen Z is challenging marketing campaigns to cut the bullshit: “We’re very prone to seeing fabricated marketing, and we see when something is clearly a money deal with no real substance to it. We want a true story. We want to believe in something. We want to be a part of that moment or that movement.” It goes without saying, but in the spirit of his surefooted authenticity I’ll say it anyways: Nicolai Marciano is not your average twenty-two year old. And he’s just getting started writing his story. Every Thanksgiving, my dad drinks a lot of wine and goes around the table asking everyone to describe what their lives looked like five years ago and what they want their lives to look like five years from now. He is a time management consultant and calls this “taking inventory.” If Nicolai Marciano ever ended up at my family’s Thanksgiving, his inventory would look something like this: five years ago, he was a seventeen-year-old skater with style in his bloodline, heavy into sneaker culture and streetwear, building skate ramps in the Guess parking lot, and dreaming of someday starting his own line. In one of what would prove to be many decisions that were wiser than his years, he decided that he needed to learn the ins and outs of the industry first, forgoing college classes for an internship (told you he was humble) in product development at Guess headquarters. It was during that internship he discovered Guess’ extensive archives from the 1980s and 90s, and something clicked into place, seamlessly setting the course of his career. “It was a breath of fresh air,” he explains. “I grew up wearing Guess, but I only knew about the modern styles, not what they were doing back in what I call the ‘golden era’ of the brand. Going through the archives and seeing how they were pioneers from both a product standpoint and in their iconic ads – I couldn’t believe it. It was so relevant to streetwear from a graphic and silhouette perspective. The attitude was so special and timeless.”  He spent two years learning more about America’s favorite fabric than most people do in a lifetime. He then pivoted towards creative strategy—capitalizing on the raw energy of Guess’ early archives, the cyclical nature of the fashion world, and his own inherent understanding of the delicate ecosystem of ‘hype culture’— to reintroduce the brand’s iconic pieces to younger generations through limited-edition releases and capsule collections. Armed with infinite inspiration in the form of graphic archives spanning 40 years, he took a position at the helm of Guess’ vintage-inspired love letters to the creative culture, Guess Jeans USA, made in LA. It was a perfect storm, strategically speaking: his first project, a collaboration with rapper and well-known fashion killa A$AP Rocky, proved wildly popular and spawned three iterations of capsule collections with a vintage feel and vibrant pastel color-ways, honoring Rocky’s memories of the Guess he grew up wearing. “Collaborating with Rocky and reintroducing the archives through his lens gave a whole new perspective of GUESS to the younger generation, giving a newfound understanding and respect for the brand and its history,” he says, with an almost shy sincerity. “He grew up in Harlem and Guess was this aspirational thing for him growing up, so we did these pop ups that were trying to get at that nostalgic feeling of where he was when he was first wearing Guess. Everything we do is trying to tell a true and authentic story.” Despite knocking it out of the park on the first try, he admits there were a few internal growing pains. “It was hard for such a big company to understand doing a huge campaign with an artist who is super influential but keeping it limited, keeping the distribution really tight, and only doing pop ups.” But once the project rolled out, the ripple effect of its impact was undeniable. “I’ve always been into the sneaker world, and the sneaker world is basically what became the hypebeast world. That’s the way fashion is working now. Everyone wants an exclusive product. Guess Jeans USA is not a money-making program – it’s about branding.  We want people to have these pieces forever, like the pieces in our archives. The A$AP Rocky project was the spark for how we approach marketing now.”  As Guess continues to shrewdly shoulder their way through the wild West of millennial marketing, Nicolai and his team have ensured that spark remains lit in every sense of the word. Their recently wrapped project was particularly juicy: a spring capsule collection in collaboration with vintage aficionado Sean Wotherspoon with a farmer’s market theme, inspired by Sean’s staunch veganism (“the dude has a carrot tattooed on his hand”), and the idea that farmer’s markets are “culturally native to LA, and we wanted to own that since we’re LA-based.” They released the vibrant capsule collection at a massive and highly anticipated farmer’s market in their own parking lot, where you could shop tees and sweatshirts in startlingly vivid shades amidst fragrant rows of organic local produce. Part of the reason it works so well, he reckons, is because his father, and the brand at large, has been quick to adapt. “He has a marketing and branding mindset, so he gets it. It’s all about finding new and real ways of connecting.” He plans to continue to uphold the legacy of the brand by seeking out a more global approach, and his tireless energy is the only thing about him that hints at his age: “It’s only going to get bigger and better from here.”  Next up is the imminent drop of their Fall collection—the first collaboration-free collection he’s worked on for Guess—which was inspired by a deep dive into their archival records of location scouting in woodsy locations like Deer Valley, Utah and Wyoming. “We always want to go back to the heritage of the company, and those are places that mean something to us, places my dad and his brothers would go to often, and I grew up visiting.” The resulting collection has a “utility and functionality aspect,” featuring plenty of rustic corduroy, moleskin, and canvas, yet as with anything Guess does, expect it to veer more edgy than cozy. The Fall collection is flanked by the release of two capsule collections that Nicolai is spearheading (did I mention that when I asked him what he does outside of work, he said “work”?), one a collaboration between vintage mastermind Dr. X Romanelli and Tetsuzo Okubo (founder of the recycled vintage project A Love Movement) for LA based luxury boutique Maxfield and one with Easy Otabor’s fledgling label, Infinite Archives.  Both capsules are aesthetically aligned with the Fall collection and will be released in tandem. Both also highlight Guess’ dedication to their vintage roots and appreciation for one of a kind craftsmanship. Dr. X Romanelli, who breathes new life into vintage garments by reconstructing them, and A Love Movement, who is known for his custom sewing and patchwork, worked together on the Fall capsule under the name Dr. Love. The capsule collection will be available exclusively at Maxfield. Infinite Archives, a label that marks the cultural and sartorial significance of years past by choosing a specific year to spotlight each season, has created a Fall capsule that speaks to the truest part of the story Nicolai is telling: the archives. The year that Infinite Archives has its lens on currently is 1991, so Otabor pulled pieces and silhouettes from the Guess archive and reworked them within their Fall color story. Also on the horizon is a partnership with 88 Rising, a record label with a roster of primarily Asian artists. The collections Nicolai is curating may be unearthing the classic comfort of years past, but rest assured Nicolai’s focus is firmly on the future, specifically on widening Guess’ influence to include the rest of the world: “It’s up to us to curate projects that have an approach to the world that is not only specific to the United States but reaches the global citizen as well.”  Late in our interview, I ask if he has a piece of advice that has stuck with him over the years. He thinks for a moment and then chuckles. “Something my dad always told me was, ‘work hard, play hard,’ which means, like, work hard and enjoy your vacation time. But I always interpreted ‘play hard’ as ‘play hard within your work,’ and that’s always stayed with me. I thought he meant ‘work hard and hustle harder.’”          Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    MAISON MARGIELA ARTISANAL MEN BY JOHN GALLIANO stretch nylon cape turtleneck with feather trims and wool single-breasted jacket.  Left to right: VALENTINO HAUTE COUTURE ‘Armonia’ silk, lamé, and lurex intarsia slip dress with embroideries of ‘Europe et le taureau.’ VALENTINO HAUTE COUTURE ‘Per passione’ silk Watteau bustier and boat neck long dress with pu elbow sleeve.  ARMANI PRIVÉ silk crystal embroidered trim fringe overcoat, silk organza bark-e ect plissé skirt, and shoes.  Left to right: GIVENCHY HAUTE COUTURE ‘Elusif’ wool coat with duchesse satin lapel embroidered with sequins, straight leg wool pants with woven satin belt, and lurex turtleneck. GIVENCHY HAUTE COUTURE ‘Chaleureuse’ silk dress with rocaille encrusted straps and embroidered with coq feathers and multicolor crystals and silk cady duster.  ATELIER PRABAL GURUNG silk crêpe embroidered pearl and diamante 3D thorn straps tank gown with silk gazar train and TASAKI South Sea pearls and diamond white gold necklace, Akoya pearls and diamonds white gold earrings, and South Sea pearls and diamonds white gold bracelet.  Left to right MAISON MARGIELA ARTISANAL BY JOHN GALLIANO felt wool and organza commissioned from Claudy Jongstra oversized caban with plastic belt and mary jane platform heels. MAISON MARGIELA ARTISANAL BY JOHN GALLIANO needle punched recycled silk scarves and wool felt oversized coat with plastic belt, needle punched vintage slip dress, Ge Ba plastic PVC dress with Klein blue scratch, cotton bolster scarf, and heels.  MAISON MARGIELA ARTISANAL MEN BY JOHN GALLIANO stretch tulle tank with heart glass embroidery, wool print waist corset, and wool slim pants with pockets.  Left to right: CHANEL HAUTE COUTURE satin crêpe metallic embroidered cropped jacket, strapless embroidered corset, long chi on skirt, chi on mini underskirt, and embroidered trim leather ankle boots. CHANEL HAUTE COUTURE satin crêpe side zip opening pu sleeve dress with embroidered braids and embroidered trim leather ankle boots.  GIAMBATTISTA VALLI HAUTE COUTURE wool bow bra, wool pleated pants, and jeweled heels  GAULTIER PARIS sparkling metallic wool silk jacket, wool waist jacket pocket belt, wool shorts, and wool pant leg thigh high leather boots.  FENDI COUTURE ‘Kupka’ silk organza waist jacket with 3D embroidered multicolor yarns micro beads fringes and patent leather collar, ‘Kupka’ silk jacquard 3D multicolor yarns and metallic lurex fringes, and patent leather pumps.  DIOR HAUTE COUTURE crinkle and sun-ray pleated charmeuse silk draped dress and shoes. metallic lurex fringes, and patent leather pumps  ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER HAUTE COUTURE wool strapless corset with feathers, wool cigarette short pants, and thigh high silk and leather heels.  ELIE SAAB HAUTE COUTURE wool silk pu sleeve cape, embroidered tulle sleeveless dress, wool undershorts, and leather heels Haute Couture fall/winter 2018-2019   Caraman, the name Clare Waight Keller ascribed to her second haute couture show at the vast garden of the Archives nationale, is also the name of the hôtel particulier housing the Givenchy headquarter where the founder established the couture atelier in 1952. Keller returned to the source – the archives and the ateliers – and brought forth Mr. Givenchy’s propensity for opulent draping and cocooning of the body in architectural, sculpted and fluid clothes where heritage cloaks and capes, hoods and peck-a-boo necklines and pleats and petals emerged anew as these traces of the past lived on in black mock neck coat-cape with open front over a white silver long dress or the Intrigante cape and dress from autumn-winter 1972 became a black high shoulder rectangular belted coat paired with a simple black dress.  The house’s past and present fused effortlessly on a white and light rose embroidered metallic corset with peplum skirt and black pants perfected by the expert hands at the atelier. The Givenchy show that opened the fall-winter 2018-2019 haute couture week provided the beacon guiding the rest of the season’s collections all steeped in heritage and drabbed in craftsmanship in the production fine and unique clothes.  But is couture just only about client friendly clothes?  Surrounded by wall grid installations of mannequins dress forms dressed in white toiles that duplicated the part of the 70th year exhibition Dior, Couturier du rêve last year at the Arts décoratifs, Maria Grazia Chiuri put the sacred work of the atelier front and center in creating these exquisite and unique garments with an undertone of 1950’s silhouettes, each constructed and sculpted meticulously by hand in ‘codified gestures’ – a satin beige brown strapless flare dress or one in organza flowers, a blush pleated silk plissé dress, a black skirt suit or a panoply of simple evening gowns in celery, rose, tea or light navy duchesse, crêpe or chiffons.   But the rigid reverence to the archives and the reliance on the atelier fostered a sense of repetition at junctures at both the Givenchy and Dior shows despite of the flawless exquisitely executed garments. Missing was perhaps the emotion quotient and a sense of experimentation with cuts, with proportions and with an attempt to find a new silhouette.  This too was a problem at Giorgio Armani show where the 96 looks aimed as lessons for young people to the true meaning of haute couture became a retrospective of the designer’s entire gamut of silhouettes rather than a manner to entice a new generation to the value of couture.  Against the mockup of the Institut de France home to the prestigious intellectual temple Académie Française and those bouquinistes installed along the left bank quais of the Seine, Karl Lagerfeld sent out models in versions of rigorous long and narrow suitings that unzipped to reveal embroidered micro skirt underneath and soft dresses with cropped jackets in city stones tweeds, failles and layered chiffons some adorned with subtle embroideries.  The handiwork of the Chanel tailleur atelier is ubiquitous in a show dominated by the precise cutting of the jackets, coats, and long skirts – a black coat with lining made of subtle pink flowers.  Yet the setting of the spectators of people on the Paris riverbanks sidewalks is ironic in that these Chanel couture clothes aren’t really made for gazing rather they are made for specific customers who can appreciate hand made clothes.  Beneath the zippered long skirt or sleeves are elaborate underskirt or silk and chiffon linings – a world slightly hidden from view.  Perhaps that’s the point of couture today not the flashy digital ready look but the perfectly made tailleur or dress with a focus on details unavailable anywhere else but to the specific client.   Casting the centrality and laurels of heritage aside, John Galliano at Maison Margiela and Pierpaolo Piccioli at Valentino deployed a personal approach that nurture a new vision of couture and the quest for elegance at a time when streetwear has invaded high fashion.  In a podcast, Galliano spoke of the joy and the transformative process of dressmaking where the never-ending application of techniques of cutting and draping without any specific endgame can lead to a discovery of a new volume– “it’s what makes fashion moves forward.”  In actuality, to create the sense of nomadic glamour, the designer superimposed one garment on another, one layer of interfacing and stitching upon another and also the “memory of a garment in another garment” by repurposing a skirt worn upside down as a tee-shirt or a tail coat within another garment. Galliano re-casted old conventional meanings of fashion forms and functions and colliding them into a bunch of fantasy and fantastic garments with mountains of found and reused fabrics like Queen Elizabeth silk scarves, old pillows, torn organza, felt wool, padded blanket and worn down puff coat into garments such as an orange packing foam cut-out caban, a patchwork wool and organza Velcro fastened coat or a brown skeletal wool coat with a baby size dress attached to the front – nothing short of a dazzling display of what dressmaking can do.  Reaching for ideas that spawned across eras and ethos, Piccioli’s smorgasbord blended cultures, arts and fashions past and present – Proust, Maria Callas and ‘Medea’, Pier Paolo Pasolini, Joyce’s Molly Bloom, Kairós and Kronós from Hellenist Greek, middle ages, 18th century armour, and oh Ziggy Stardust– all coalesced into a drama of volume and bright colors expressed through clothes ‘pictured in a daydream, brought to life through emotions, emotions that are imprinted in the air, between the intarsia, and in the weavings.”  The dream of a dress became the appliqué brocade capes and dresses embroidered with intertwining images of Daphne and Apollo, a balloon purple taffeta long dress floated on the body, or a simple red cashmere bolero scarf paired with a light pink silk satin ankle dress with waist pleats. A deep blue dress embroidered with Europa and the Minotaur and a giant off-shoulder fuschia taffeta plissé - both fabricated with amazing coup of constructions by the atelier hands named for each garment - evoked intense emotions – a real rarity nowadays even at haute couture shows. Rooted in the present, Piccioli avoided the easy traps of both nostalgia and replicating heritage silhouettes.   Haute couture is sort of tribal but it is neither anchored within any community of serious followers and stakeholders nor belonged to a popular fashion base similar to that of any serious streetwear brands.  However stacked against all the odds, haute couture persists. With the breath of fall-winter collections wide both in ambition and magnanimity, Pierpaolo Piccioli and John Galliano advocated a clear path forward towards defining what is couture today – the unfettered imagination through a dialogue with time coupled with exercising of the craft of dressmaking.  PHOTOGRAPHER: THIERRY LE GOUÈS AT DCA MANAGEMENT, PARIS.  STYLE DIRECTOR: LONG NGUYEN. TALENT: JIANG XIAO YI AT SILENT, PARIS, MARIE FOFANA AT IMG, PARIS, ROBIN COCCO AT METROPOLITAN, PARIS.  HAIR: DAVID DELICOURT AT CALLISTE, PARIS.  MAKEUP: LISA LEGRAND AT AIRPORT AGENCY, PARIS.  PHOTO ASSISTANT: THÉO RIOU   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    From left to right: GUESS JEANS U.S.A. jacket and jeans. GUESS JEANS U.S.A. jacket, shirt, and jeans.  GUESS X INFINITE ARCHIVES jacket and jeans.  GUESS JEANS U.S.A. jacket and jeans.  GUESS JEANS U.S.A. sweater and jeans.  GUESS JEANS U.S.A. sweater and jeans.  GUESS JEANS U.S.A. X DR. LOVE jacket and pants, GUESS JEANS U.S.A. shirt and bag, and GUESS JEANS U.S.A. FOR CONVERSE BLANK CANVAS shoes.  GUESS JEANS U.S.A. X DR. LOVE jacket and pants, GUESS JEANS U.S.A. shirt and bag, and GUESS JEANS U.S.A. FOR CONVERSE BLANK CANVAS shoes.  From left to right: GUESS JEANS U.S.A. X DR. LOVE vest, GUESS JEANS U.S.A. shirt and hat, and stylist’s own choker. GUESS JEANS U.S.A. X DR. LOVE shirt and GUESS JEANS U.S.A. jeans.  GUESS X INFINITE ARCHIVES jacket, GUESS JEANS U.S.A. shirt and jeans, and GUESS JEANS U.S.A. FOR CONVERSE BLANK CANVAS shoes.  GUESS JEANS U.S.A. jacket and pants, GUESS JEANS U.S.A. X DR. LOVE shirt, and GUESS JEANS U.S.A. FOR CONVERSE BLANK CANVAS shoes. PHOTOGRAPHED BY: SHARUM+ARI.  FLAUNT FILM DIRECTED BY LUKE SIRIMONGKHON STYLIST: SHALEV LAVAN AT THE VISIONARIES AGENCY.  MODELS: MYLES O’NEAL, HART DENTON, AND CAROLINA MARIE AT NEXT MODELS.  HAIR: TRAVISEAN HAYNES USING BUMBLE AND BUMBLE. MAKEUP: SARAH USLAN AT THE VISIONARIES AGENCY.  PHOTOGRAPHY ASSISTANTS: AUSTIN DURANT, KHALILAH PIANTA.  PHOTOGRAPHY PRODUCER: ADAM BUNCHER. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017             Bvlgari is the world’s most coveted high-end jewelry brand, offering rare gemstones in dramatic colors and grand dimensions, contributing to both tradition and passion in the industry. Known for their expertise in craftsmanship; the luxury brand is iconic for it’s unique and daring approach. In an open love letter to the 1980’s, Bvlgari debuts their new collection, Wild Pop, influenced by women’s power suits, MTV’s inception, and megastars like Madonna, Michael Jackson, Prince, and David Bowie. Andy Warhol embodies a significant part of the new collection, as his affinity for the brand is displayed throughout his work. The Warhol love affair stems from his close-knit friendship with Nicola Bulgari and a conversation they had for Interview Magazine back in the day: “I think your jewelry is the 80s…Everybody is trying to copy this look.”  -Andy Warhol In their most vibrant and vivid collection to date, Bvlgari juxtaposes timeless style with kaleidoscope hues. Inspired by record players, cannabis, and blinged-out microphones; the Wild Pop collection was born. We stopped by the 5th Avenue store to catch a glimpse of the electric 80’s rom-com collection: Written by: Morgan Vickery Photographed by: Phoenix Johnson Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    ROLAND MOURET book.  DIOR nail polish.  DIOR Joy fragrance.  DIOR eyeliner.  GEARY’S dinnerwares.  DR. JART+ water fuse hydro products.  FOREO luna mini, SOLARIS quartz roller, and SOLARIS quartz face massager.  NODPODS sleep mask.  BAUER dog bowl and SPARKLE dog food. Libra keeps a busy lifestyle, from being the social butterfly to being your favorite match-maker. She needs some R & R too. Libras love self care, so gifting something to add to their beauty régime. Keep their skin glowing and dewy with Dr. Jart’s Water Fuse skin care products or with a Rose Quartz Crystal Facial Roller. Libra is ruled by Venus, the planet of love, money, and beauty. Some say the glyph of Venus is also a mirror, used to admire and love themselves. Libra does love to adorn. Getting them some Dior nail polish, eyeliner, or perfume will make them feel like the exquisite creatures that they are.  She doesn’t just like to look beautiful but she prefers to live beautifully. She can lounge around listening to her Nina Simone Sings The Blues record while she flips through her pages of her new Roland Mouret book. You want to give a present that will help paint a picture of their opulent lives. Dishware from GEARYS will add the luxe to your Libra’s home. But due to Libra’s need for balance, you might just need to get his dog some new dishware as well. Your Libra will appreciate you knowing them so well.  Photography by Jim Turner Jim Turner  Art Direction by  Aitor Samuel Aitor Saumell  Written by Collin Schreiber Collin Schreiber  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photo by Jamie Coster “David Lynch makes a world of love and you get to step in it, and it’s beautiful.” This is how Kimmy Robertson describes working with the living legend during her live Q&A, which also features Michael Horse, Scott Cameron and Sabrina Sutherland. (There’s something magical about hearing Lucy’s voice come through a microphone in real time.) Her statement holds equally true for this weekend—when Lynch’s Festival of Destruction returned to LA—with the exception of one neglected aspect: within Lynch’s world of love, there’s a palpable aura of absurdity only he could foster. It emanates, like Twin Peaks sprung a leak. It highlights the absurdity we disregard from day to day: stepping into an elevator with strangers only to be lifted from the Ace Hotel’s lobby to the 8th floor, stalled, brought back to the lobby, stalled, then finally let off on the second floor (all while trying to get to the roof), for example. It’s the absurdity of following Hawk down 9th and ending up at Shake Shack. It’s the absurdity of someone smiling, holding vacant eye contact in spite of the fact they are socially obligated to provide the next piece of conversation. It’s the absurdity of miscommunications between people, differing perceptions of basic realities and otherwise, the absurdity of bliss, happiness and love. I mention this because I think it speaks to something that should be spoken to in relation to his Festival of Disruption: David Lynch attracts people, assembles teams, inspires actors and affects crowds in very much the same way a cult leader does. His is a cult of bliss, happiness and love, of strangeness and authenticity. His prayers are TM sessions. His perception of the world is slightly different than most, or else he represents his perception more powerfully than arguably anyone. Sitting in a packed United Artists Theatre—listening to him discuss the unified field, transcendence, ideas and fish—feels like what I imagine church felt like in ancient Greece; the feelings and altered perceptions Lynch’s presence inspire refuse to be confined by the buildings housing his festival’s attractions. Things feel most cult-y in Liminal, a live sound bath with Jónsi, Alex Somers, and Paul Corley. After walking through the long lobby of an office space and riding in an elevator I may’ve recognize from my doctor’s office building, I’m ushered into a dark room. It’s very large, or at least feels it thanks to the thick haze of smoke machines, incense, and deep red lights. Black yoga mats line the floor, neatly arranged in what loosely resembles a golden spiral. Looking at it all, I say something to Jamie like, “This is truly one of the most amazing things I’ve ever seen.” Then I notice the soundscape. Wind blows through the trees, or someone breathes rhythmically into a microphone or rubs it against their sweater or something.  This continues well past the scheduled start time of 6pm.  Lying here with my eyes closed, I am unsure if this is the sound bath.  Then, something like a song fades in.  This develops into a true mindfuck of an experience. At one point, I’m forced to accept the possibility of a seizure, forced to sink into the experience of lights and colors and sounds assaulting me in concert, to grapple with the limits of what humans are psychologically capable of experiencing. In the acceptance of failure’s plausibility, I feel insane. I leave a little early the first night, finding it difficult to speak. Regardless—or maybe because of this—I feel compelled to participate again the second night (which sadly leaves me unable to participate in Showtime and Collider Games’ Twin Peaks VR). Knowing what is coming and having just left Lynch’s meditation-heavy Q&A, Liminal feels three times shorter and infinitely less assaulting; I leave feeling peaceful and renewed. There’s a metaphor here. Photo by Jamie Coster The art gallery is great. Photographs from Lynch’s Distorted Nudes series line one wall. Glass cases, reminiscent of the glass box in Twin Peaks (2017), fill three-quarters of the room; each one displays a different pair of stilettos or flats—absurd in their angles, materials, and anti-practicality—designed by David Lynch and Christian Louboutin. Lynch photographed naked women wearing these shoes. These photos are projected. It all looks very nice together. The next room houses David Oreilly’s interactive video series, where participants affect the content using their phones; seeing people staring at their phone as a creative and participatory act feels startlingly Lynchian.  One of the best parts about the festival is its un-rigid, sort of improvisatory format, where surprises lie around every corner. Case in point: a little tent, easily missed, with a chair and headphones inside. This is a sound bath for one, courtesy audio tech brand SubPac—a nice contrast to the communal vibes of Jonsi’s extravaganza. The chair is designed with vibrating motors that correspond to the bass parts in the soundtrack you’re listening to, and it works—when the “bass drops,” the chair goes crazy, sending vibrations through your body. You feel like a struck tuning fork, like you’re inside the music. It adds a new dimension to music. Very immersive. Photo by Jamie Coster I have nothing bad to say about the festival; everything I saw was fantastic. I could write ten thousand more words, but I won’t. I would instead like to close by relaying a piece of advice proffered this weekend by both David Lynch and Francis Ford Coppola: you cannot be afraid to trust your instincts, especially as an artist. We are at the early stages of a digital age—or at least it seems like the beginning if you’re looking from far away. We cannot be afraid to push the limits of this technology simply because we’re collectively attached to the pre-established language of cinema. Keep in mind: this is coming from two people who were hugely influential in establishing this language. Incidentally, one of Coppola’s two regrets in life is that he is not handing cinema over to the younger generation in better shape than it currently stands; he mentions Godfather 2 was the first American film with a number after it before vaguely referring to the overabundance of franchises with numbers as high as there are players on a baseball team. There’s a touch of shame in his voice. Try new things. Fail. Try again. Imagine if David Lynch quit after Dune. As Coppola said this weekend, “Risk is the sex of creativity.” That’s a damn fine metaphor, coming from the stage of Lynch’s Festival of Disruption. On my way to the car, I hear someone with an all access pass say something about low ticket sales this year. Go next year, if for no other reason than to support the David Lynch Foundation, which aims to make people aware of transcendental mediation in an effort to spread peace and happiness to as many people as are willing to accept it. Very pure. Flaunt also had the opportunity to speak with the festival’s producer, Erik Martin, one of the main men behind the curtain. See our conversation below: How do you feel the festival has kind of changed year after year? Has there been a process of evolution, would you say? At the heart, it’s still what its intention was. David always says, stay true to the idea, so that’s exactly what our North Star is. But I feel like we’re opening the umbrella wider and wider because TM is a universal process and we see creativity as a universal expression of humanity so the discipline is irrelevant, the genre is irrelevant. As David says, it has to have the ring of truth. We find artists with his guidance and blessing and conversation that have that ring of truth. At the end of the day, all of these artists of donated their time. This mission is charitable, so we’re trying to have everyone leave feeling something right and good by being here. The proceeds go to the David Lynch Foundation which has a lot of different initiatives, bringing Transcendental Meditation to children, veterans, prisoners, etc. I was curious if you’ve seen the effects on the ground of the David Lynch Foundation at work. Could you share a story?  The one that broke my heart was that there was an Afghanistan veteran who was suicidal and struggling with post traumatic stress and had a loaded gun and was holding it to his head in front of his wife and daughter. They were able to stop him and we subsequently found him through our veterans program, our operation Warrior Wellness. When you hear him talk on video about this experience, it breaks you down on the inside out. It shatters you to the base of humanity that that could be happening. That this person was a victim of war and brought that war into his home. I just couldn’t take it and I said that I had to be a part of something to help. You talk to these people and they come to the concerts and they share with us and want to talk on film and tell other people, it just really helps you refine and get rid of all the B.S. of logistics and flights being cancelled, you know? We’re on to something way heavier and way more important here and we’re lucky to be doing it with David Lynch. It’s such a dream come true. David Lynch has a notably idiosyncratic vision. How do you and the artists here make sure they’re aligning with that vision? I think it’s an intuition thing. I do think meditation hones the intuition. I was probably already more of an expert in David Lynch filmography and nerd-ery than I was at anything, so I understood the language. I think he saw the sparkle in our eyes that we knew his world, we were true to his world and that we could be a voice and a vision to bring it out to more people. So there was a great amount of trust there, there was also a great amount of fun there. He had very clear directives; can’t be boring, have to leave with knowledge, it’s got to have the ring of truth. It’s easy to follow and it’s easy to call on behalf of David Lynch or send a letter from David Lynch—everyone says yes! The generosity is overflowing and it’s helping us grow and reach more people. Why do people connect so strongly to the Lynch universe? In certain ways he’s a very experimental, outre artist, yet he has a certain amount of mass appeal. To what do you attribute that? I think it’s because he speaks a truth we all understand. It’s inside all of us. Everyone has consciousness, and he’s speaking the language of consciousness, of dreams, of the subconscious, stuff that we all know and understand, whether we can name it or describe it. We all know suffering, we all know violence, we all know these things, but the way he shows it through his art hits people on a visceral level because he’s going for the real thing and I just think that translates for artists of all disciplines. You can see it in different dancers, you can see it in filmakers, you see it even in different designers. They’re cultivating a different garden, I think.  Thinking towards the future for the festival, obviously this year was the first expansion in Brooklyn, I believe? Is that sort of the hope to spread a little bit throughout the world and different cities? Yeah, the idea is if we keep it intimate like this, very midsize venue, a venue with the right feeling, right cities, that there is a pent up demand. This whole weekend people have been coming up to me and saying, “You have to bring it to Chicago, you have to bring it to Detroit, you have to bring it to Nashville, you have to bring it to London, you have to bring it to Paris.” Our challenge, our struggle, is funding. We’re a non-profit charity. So, when we bring on partners and sponsors like Bang & Olufsen and Alex & Ani, it’s a double power. They’re helping us fund the mission and they’re trying to bring an artistic product to bear that has David’s design on it, so it’s not just slapping a logo on something or a brand pays for it. There’s this amazing exhange of creativity and funds that help us pull it off. Last question. What would you recommend for someone, like yourself, found a very strong response to TM but maybe didn’t know where to pursue it or how to get started? Would you have a particular recommendation for that? The TM organization that teaches Transcendental Meditation centers all over the world, all over the country and you can look it up by your zip code and go straight to a TM center to learn... It is the most powerful thing and the most antiquated thing at the same time, but I wouldn’t change that for the world. So, that’s my thing. I haven’t heard anybody try it that was just like, “meh.” It’s pretty transformative. Interviewed by Sid Feddema Photographed by Jamie Coster Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017               Let’s get personal; with designer shoes of course. Louis Vuitton has just announced their new men’s personalization program “Now Yours,” which will be featured on their staple Run Away sneakers. Beginning mid-October, the Maison will release this collection at New York 5th Avenue and Los Angeles Rodeo Drive stores. Made for icons, these personalization signatures of Louis Vuitton are made in their own workshop in Fiesso, Italy. Fantastico! The “Now Yours Run Away” sneaker collection will host endless combinations, offering the assurance of a unique sneaker to everyone’s personal style. The personalization process starts with a selection of three Run Away styles: full calf leather, full alligator, or a mix of alligator and calf leather. Once you have made your careful decision, thirteen different zones on the shoe are to be defined, including the sole, heel, tongue, and laces. You are privy to nine colors: Navy, red, orange, yellow, purple, cognac, black, and white. If the choices are not endless enough, you get to decide on four canvas options: Monogram, Monogram Eclipse, Monogram White, and Damier Graphite. My keyboard just took a breath after typing all that out.  As the client can see, Louis Vuitton takes care of every detail and facet in order to get you to have the most control over the product. The sneakers are fashionable with an air of sportiness. Iconic, yet personal. Extra but simplistic. And as always, never out of style. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    CROFT HOUSE table, ARAKS bra and underwear, PACO RABANNE pants, and MODERN WEAVING earrings.  CROFTHOUSE chair, SIMONE ROCHA coat, COS bodysuit, JIMMY CHOO shoes, and JENNIFER FISHER earrings.  AMSTERDAM MODERN daybed. ARAKS underwear and MOUNSER earring.  AMSTERDAM MODERN daybed. ARAKS underwear.  BACCARAT crystal ball and ALINA ABEGG bracelet.   Vintage mirror. LOUIS VUITTON top and PEARL COLLECTIVE earring.  WHYRHYMER glass lamp, ARAKS bra, ALINA ABEGG bracelet, and MOUNSER earrings.  THOMAS HAYES couch and PRADA dress and gloves.  AMSTERDAM MODERN chair and GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes.  CROFT HOUSE table, ARAKS bra and underwear, and PACO RABANNE pants.  CROFT HOUSE table, ARAKS bra and underwear, PACO RABANNE pants, GABRIELA ARTIGAS necklace and MODERN WEAVING earrings.  PACO RABANNE dress, AGENT PROVOCATEUR bra and underwear, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes, and JENNIFER FISHER X OFF WHITE earrings.   AMSTERDAM MODERN chair, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes, and JENNIE KWON ring.  WHYRHYMER table and PRADA shoe.   WHYRHYMER glass lamp, ARAKS bra and underwear, and MOUNSER earrings. JEAN DE MERRY chair, ARAKS bra and underwear, MOUNSER earrings, and GABRIELA ARTIGAS bracelet. Giles Dodson (b. 1973) is revolutionizing interior design with his unorthodox reimagining of Feng Shui, detailed in his newly published self-help book, Spark Jouissance: A Master Class in Interior Decorating. Originally a playwright from Liverpool, England, Dodson attended the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London, where he was fatefully introduced to his lifelong friend and freshman roommate, Ralph Fiennes. Dodson rapidly emerged in the public eye after his first post-graduate project: a minimalist play entitled The Spy Peels His Apple Counterclockwise. The play— featuring a nude Fiennes, one rocking horse, and a script of only 17 words—was heralded by critics, putting Dodson on the forefront of modern minimalist theater in Europe. After moving to Berlin, Dodson experienced a series of critical failures, beginning with the box office flop Don’t Tickle the Cat and the infamously controversial A Clown About Town. Leaving Berlin, Dodson abandoned the world of experimental theater and relocated to Hollywood, where he discovered veganism and a new fan base after publishing a series of wildly popular self-help books. His newest book, Spark Jouissance, topped the New York Times bestseller list for three weeks. Here is an excerpt of the first chapter:   Chapter One  Finding the Spark  July 24th, 1995— I was beginning to feel as though I’d overstayed my welcome in Berlin. Earlier that week, my manager dropped me for failing to produce any new material in six months. The pressure was getting to me. I couldn’t sleep. I couldn’t write. My diet consisted of mostly Kinder Bueno bars and Anisette. That afternoon, I was detained at the mall for a particularly embarrassing incident—“under the influence,” I dropped my trousers in what I thought was a public sauna but was actually a woman’s dressing room at the Armani Exchange. That was the night I spiraled out of control.  I awoke sometime in the late afternoon, on my knees and face down between two cushions of a garish velvet loveseat in a suite of the Adlon Kempinski Hotel. Turning my head slowly to the left and then right, I realized my wrists were tied tightly to the opposite arms of the chair. A gentle breeze coming from the open window quickly informed me that I was pantless. As the events of the night slowly came into focus, I began to understand that the kind brunette woman I picked up at the street corner next to the döner stand had very likely taken my wallet and half the contents of the overpriced mini bar.  In my compromising position, the embarrassment I felt was rapidly replaced by a sense of dread as I realized my hands were bound far too tightly to untie by myself. Lying prostrate with my face against the purple velvet cushion, I felt an unparalleled rush of adrenaline. There was something undeniably arousing about this sensation of mounting terror; pressing my face deeper into the upholstery, the mingling sensations of velvet and anxiety were absolutely intoxicating. I nosed further into the abyss of the couch cushions. What an electrifying sense of helplessness! Surrendering to the nihilism of the couch, I suddenly experienced a feeling of superabundant vitality—a jouissance that transcended fear and pleasure altogether. It was religious.  AMSTERDAM MODERN daybed. ARAKS underwear. Then it came to me like the voice of Angel Gabriel, and I saw it all so clearly— after three years of writer’s block I finally had an idea for my next novel. Elated, I began shouting, “I need to write this down! I need to write this down!” A staunch German hotel attendant unlocked the door. Unfazed by my predicament—I suspect during her tenure as a hotel maid in 1980s Berlin, she had seen worse—she untied me with ease. Without taking even a moment to find my trousers, I sat right down on my newly beloved couch and began writing a new novel.  After leaving Berlin, I paid the hotel an exorbitant amount of money to take that velvet couch back to California. Returning to my home in Toluca Lake, I looked around at my minimalist mid- century furniture. It all felt so dull. I walked around my house, running my hands along the backs of the chairs, shoving my face between the pillows. It was all so banal compared to the thrill of my purple loveseat. I created a new rule for myself—if you touch it, and it does not bring you jouissance, then you must get rid of it! It is a whole new kind of minimalism: purely libidinal.  After only two days of adopting my new rule, my house was entirely empty, save for my velvet couch, a closet full of my ex-wife’s clothing, and a copy of Der Strewwelpeter, a book of German cautionary fables. Over the years I have added only a few more items that spark jouissance in my life—like a painted portrait of my younger self that I keep in the attic for staring at during times of moral turmoil. I’ve also hired a butler named Guillaume, whom I don’t entirely trust but can’t quite figure out why. Four years ago, I replaced my Tempur-Pedic mattress with a sensory deprivation tank that I special-ordered from Sweden. Since that fateful morning in Berlin, I haven’t experienced a single day of writer’s block.  What my analyst calls “paraphilia,” I call “enlightenment.” Don’t let the double standards of western medicine pathologize your creative process. The pharmaceutical industrial complex stigmatizes natural methods of stimulation to keep turning an enormous profit on Adderall and Vyvanse. What they don’t want you to know is that jouissance has been a creative asset to the greatest minds in history. Did you know that Salvador Dali used to sleep with keys in his hand? Igor Stravinsky used to stand on his head every morning. Japanese inventor Yoshiko Nakamatsu dives underwater until inspired by a new idea; he says this usually happens just “0.5 seconds before death.” Nakamatsu invented the floppy disk. What will you create?  By following the 26-step plan of my Spark Jouissance Method, you too can unlock your creative potential through the libidinal power of sexual terror.  WHYRHYMER table and MOUNSER earring. * * * *  Following the novel’s meteoric success, Dodson has received many requests to provide his services as a personal consultant in interior decorating. Particularly popular among the Hollywood elite, Dodson’s long list of clients includes Johnny Depp, Lars Von Trier, and Britney Spears. Dodson’s work is credited as Jeremy Iron’s primary motivation to purchase his medieval castle in West Cork.  The complete copy of Dodson’s Spark Jouissance: A Master Class of Interior Decorating will be available for purchase on Amazon, barnesandnoble.com, and Kindle on October 5th.  Talent: Jocelyn N and Staz   Photographed by: Mario Kroes Styled and Art Directed by: Mui-Hai Chu Hair by: Nathaniel Dezan Makeup by: Dana Delaney Manicure by: Steph Stone  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO coat and shirt, HUDSON JEANS jeans, and CALVIN KLEIN underwear.  K-SWISS t-shirt and HUDSON JEANS jeans  DOLCE & GABBANA jacket, HUDSON JEANS jeans, and RALPH LAUREN underwear.  SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO shirt, HUDSON JEANS jeans, and CALVIN KLEIN underwear.  1967 Rolls-Royce Phantom V Limousine Coachwork by HJ Mulliner, Park Ward available at Heritage Classics. SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO coat, K-SWISS sweatshirt, ROBERTO CAVALLI pants, and talent’s own jewelry (worn throughout). Don’t Look Now, the King is Watching  Category 5: Bravado  Rapper, model, and heir to the Bad Boy Records throne, 20-year- old Christian Combs believes he is not unlike one of the most devastating category 5 hurricanes in modern American history.  In the video for his 2017 single “F*ck the Summer Up,” Combs rips donuts on a jet ski in a white robe, blinged out beside a raft of yacht parties on the aqua waters off the coast of Southern Florida, rapping: Flood these streets like Katrina / I’m about to fuck the summer up.  Oy. I’ll admit—I’m teetering before I interview Combs. This, afterall, is a young man who has:  1. Fucked up an entire season (let alone, many people’s favorite season). 2. Compared himself to 140 mile-per-hour winds.  3. Is the son of the second richest man in hip-hop.  Imagine what he could do to a measly writer like me?  When I first encounter Combs, it is not in the swirl of the intertropical convergence zone, but rather in the throes of an excessive heat warning tormenting Los Angeles. He is standing beside a vintage Rolls-Royce, sitting pretty in the Hollywood Palladium’s gooey tar parking lot on a triple-digit day. He is shirtless (and v ripped), sporting a durag and cowboy boots, posing suavely despite the mid-day swelters.  And despite the agony of a five-hour-long photo shoot, Combs does not spout a single complaint. His countenance is business.  Throughout the shoot, Combs is agreeable, poised, and easy- going. Already, after just a short in-person impression from the sidelines, my preconceived convictions drawn from his insensitive similes to the aforementioned $125 billion, 1.8k fatality hurricane are falling away.  I do not see a swirling hyper vortex in the gulfs of his handsome brown eyes, and I am no longer induced by the overdone bravado so familiar to the Bad Boy Records brand. I am seeing through other lines from his recent mixtape, “90s Baby,” that also have me a little shook, like, Drop bombs something like Vietnam.  Oy. Despite the bark of this verse, Combs is not a killer.  Combs is a lover.  He is a sensitive, individualistic, gen-z sweetheart who has been marooned by older generations on the oil-slicked beaches of an industry greased with an aggressive, and at times, toxic masculinity.  And whether he realizes it or not, Combs is beginning to change those poisonous coastlines for the better through his artistry in modeling, dancing, and music. In some ways, he is a volunteer taking one for the team, scrubbing Dawn soap on oiled ducklings. He is a part of the new generation of hip-hop, infusing the genre with a new sensitivity.  Category 3: Quintessence  “Girls and love is the number one thing to talk about for me,” Combs says as we sit in the respite of air conditioning at the Flaunt Headquarters, cooling our sweaty brows after the photo shoot. “Whenever I am in the booth rapping, I’m trying to charm the listener. It’s easier to charm a girl.”  If Combs is a storm, he is a dancing, sugar-sweet typhoon of charm. Just outside of the room we chat in, his girlfriend, model Breah Hicks, sits patiently.  The pair have been dating for years and have publically displayed their wide-eyed teenage love—from cute prom proposals (gone viral) to ooey-gooey Instagram posts of the couple: “Held it down, had a thing for the kid since a sophomore <3” Combs, in true gen-z fashion, has even called Hicks “wifey” on multiple Instagram stories.  Combs professes another obsession: “Love songs in the ’90s were definitely at an all-time high,” he says. Born in 1998 in New York (he relocated to Los Angeles eight years ago), Combs has paid homage to both coasts’ breakthrough decade,  specifically the movement within hip-hop and R&B in a time that put matters of the heart in the foreground. His debut mixtape is titled “90s Baby.” The cover features him as a toddler, flexing with his  father behind him.  “That was the era that  I did my research on when  I was becoming a rapper at like 15 and 16,” Combs says, pausing to fire off a text on his phone. “I would study people like Nas, Biggie, Tupac, Michael Jackson, just to kind of know where I am coming from.”  After reading strings  of YouTube comments on  his tracks, his fans appear  awestruck by the similarities  in his flow to many of the  ’90s greats. They compare him to Mase, Fabolous, Loon, and of course his dad, Puff Daddy. In much of Combs’ music, he continually recreates the woof and warp of the decade with a modern flair, his production masterfully capturing the essence and feeling of the ’90s.  In his most recent single, “Love You Better” featuring R&B heavyweight Chris Brown, Combs samples rapper Case’s 1996 hit “Touch Me, Tease Me” while recreating The Notorious B.I.G.’s “One More Chance” music video—all while simultaneously composing looks that allude to his father’s iconic aesthetic; specifically, with the pair of circular, rose-tinted glasses Diddy once wore in his 1997 “Can’t Nobody Hold Me Down” music video featuring Mase, in which the two mavericks of East Coast hip-hop revved up dust across the desert in a convertible while wearing matching peach-colored jumpsuits.  The single is Combs’ most popular song on streaming services. While the lyrics of the hook do a bit more manspreading than romancing—I love you better than yourself, better than you love yourself—it’s the visuals of the video that are a departure from the expected. In the video, everyone is clothed, as if they are at an actual house party and not one of the fantastical bangers filled with scantily clad and objectified women usually seen in such music videos. There are no in-your-face alcohol advertisements for say, CÎROC. The emphasis is on elation, celebration, and dancing.  Here is where the new sensitivity and acceptance commences for Combs. While hip-hop, since its 1970s origins, has swung back and  forth between pride, love, and the self, a softer masculinity has begun to emerge in the modern mainstream, particularly with the lovestruck, honest, and vulnerable lyrics of one of the more influential men in modern music—Drake—as well as out rappers like Frank Ocean and Shamir who are spitting verses and singing lovingly about their own sex.  This isn’t to say hypermasculinity and a homo/femmephobia don’t still exist in hip-hop, but it is to say the genre’s machismo boundaries have become more elastic. The norm of male rappers spitting rhymes about power, wealth, sexual prowess, and women’s bodies is mellowing, and this increasing openness in the genre is allowing gen-z rappers like Combs to explore territory that diverges from the stereotypes of the rap star. And with his stated interest in fashion, dancing, and modeling,  Combs (knowingly or not) is helping to disperse the thunderheads of hypermasculinity.  Category 1: Nonchalance  “Dancing and the music go hand in hand,” Combs tells me. “I wouldn’t say dancing is my first love, but music and that came at the same time. I remember when I was young, I would always get to come on stage with my pops on any tours he had and he would give me like 15 seconds to shine. So I would just go on stage and get crazy and dance.”  While it may not have been his first love, Combs’ career has  been informed by his moves. Whether he performs solo or with his group CYN, he breaks it down with inventive, fun, and professional choreography during his live performances—something somewhat rare for modern rappers, and as a result, he pops up in viral videos constantly.  Combs’ name started trending across the web in spring 2017, after an event that tabloids dubbed a “dance-off” with one of the most influential icons of modern R&B, hip-hop, and fashion.  “We was at Coachella.  It was one of those after parties,” he says. “We were  all just vibing and dancing together and Rihanna was in the same section and she just came to vibe with us. For a second we were just chilling, then the Future song “Mask Off” came on.”  The clip is impromptu carpet cutting at its most star-studded—a remarkably casual moment of connection that we’ve all had ourselves at bars, clubs, and music festivals, when you suddenly catch the groove with a stranger, surfing it until the DJ breaks the spell and both parties return to their respective posse.  “It wasn’t really like  a battle,” Combs says, smiling at the memory. “We were just looking at each other and then we both just caught the same vibe, and then it went viral.”  Beyond dancing and rapping, Combs has one more trick up his sleeve, and it comes from a lineage of catwalkers. His mother, Kim Porter, was a cover model in the ’90s, and his grandmother (Diddy’s mother), Janice Combs, was also said to have worked part-time as a model.  Over the past year and a half, Combs’ modeling career has taken off—he has scored the cover of four campaigns, two for Tommy Hilfiger and two for Dolce & Gabbana.  The past decade has been an interesting moment for hip-hop, as high-fashion houses like Gucci, Dolce & Gabbana, and many others have aligned with the genre in everything from lyrics and music videos to everyday fashion. The suave demeanor I mentioned during Combs’ torrid Flaunt photo shoot was the result, not only of his heritage, but of experience—since spring of 2017, he’s walked two shows for Dolce & Gabbana. With rap and hip-hop stars becoming walking spokesmen for fashion houses, hip-hop and rap are beginning to enter a softer, more metrosexual space, where spitting fire is just as important as turning a good look.  Dancing in the Rain  The eye is the center of a hurricane; it’s the calmest section of the storm. It can stretch as wide as forty miles. From the inside, you would be able to see the eye’s walls barrelling upwards to the cylindrical sky— terrifying thunderheads and the fastest winds of the storm preparing for their coastal crusade. But in the middle of the eye, especially a clear one, it would be warm, balmy, and perhaps filled with quite a few rainbows. There would be a light drizzle of warm rain falling. I’m even imagining a few lucky ocean birds gliding gracefully above it. The eye, in many ways, is a heavily guarded heart. If Combs believes he is a hurricane in atmospheric pressures of hip-hop, will he make landfall with palm tree-snapping winds? Or will he downgrade to a soft and welcoming rainstorm for the rest of us to dance in?  Written by Miles W. Griffis Photographed by Jason Lee Parry Styled by Lisa Jarvis Groomed by Andrea Pezzillo for Exclusive Artists using Skyn Iceland Car by: Heritage Classics Flaunt Film directed by Derek Milton Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                  Curated by co-founder of The Residency B Akerlund, The Residency Experience VIP Showroom includes the work of over 35 designers, and showcases memorable looks on the likes of Nicki Minaj, Kylie Jenner, and more. In addition, the opening day featured installations from both United Nude and Angelyne.  Co-founder Kent Belden asserts that, “The Residency is unlike any other VIP showroom out there as we work closely with my creative management agency, The Only Agency, allowing ample exposure for designers.” He also states that, “Designers at The Residency have had their looks worn by icons including Beyoncé, Madonna, Janet Jackson, Cher, Cardi B, Ozzy Osborne, and so many more.”  The success of their designers has much to do with the founders’ commitment to and investment in the work. Akerlund notes, “Over the years, Kent and I have worked extremely hard to build The Residency into a VIP showroom that gives our brands access to iconic celebrity and editorial opportunities. I am personally invested in each one of our designers, and in turn, that much more passionate about their success.”  Through the thoughtful curation of the exquisite showroom, and an authentic investment in the designers they represent, it is clear that The Residency Experience is by no means ordinary.  Written by Sundai JohnsonPhotos by Ekaterina Belinskaya Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017               Arben and Kuj Durollari are the creative masterminds behind BOND, an LA-based contemporary unisex brand. While they currently live in Los Angeles, they stay true to their New York roots throughout the development process of every collection. Raised in the Brooklyn grit, the brothers found their path to high-fashion through streetwear culture. While this has played a significant role in their work, their family-oriented values prove to be of the highest importance. Surrounded by a family of immigrants, their great-grandparents struggle to escape a communist Albania has left a long-lasting legacy in their lives. Communicating this story has become integral in everything they do; specifically in their current FW18 collection, ‘No Curfew.’ Clothing serves as their canvas to relay autobiographical stories, whether it's family tales, a night out of partying, favorite films and artists, or wandering the perilous boroughs of NYC. Self-proclaimed “international small businessmen,” the designers are well on their way to redefining high-fashion with stonewashed fabrics, blown up sketches, deconstructed denim, and stitched on items from their everyday use. The Durollari’s innovative approach to contemporary garments has just begun, as they assure us they’re not going anywhere. Throughout the opening of their family’s new Italian restaurant, Nittis, we sat down with the eccentric duo to learn all things BOND and their game of intellectual Ping-Pong: Walk us through your design process from conception to creation. Arben: Conceptually, the idea behind BOND is to use clothing as a canvas. A canvas for autobiographical stories, music, and film that we love, political and social issues that we want to shed light on, and we tie that all into the clothing that we make. From the type of fabric that we use to the kind of stone washing that we do making items feel worn, to using real-life objects on clothes that relate to us, everything is about telling a story and getting that point across. So from conception to creation, Kuj and I are apart of it, fully. From the pattern being made to the printing process to watching how everything is being sewn, we’re overseeing all of it, head to toe. This is our baby, it’s our blood, sweat, and tears, and we watch over every single detail of it until it’s perfectly oriented.  Kuj: I’ll pretty much lay out how I work, creatively, on the brand. We work in collections, but ideas come sporadically. Creatively, I feel like I work when I’m not working. I’ll be walking down the street, maybe eating a little dinner and something random will pass through my head, so I’ll draft up the idea with a sketch here or there. Most of the table side drawings and doodles that I do will get blown up to bigger scales and then come together at the end. Once you get one idea flowing, more come at you that same way, so I tend to keep them all within the same realm of ideas. Arben: The collection usually starts from a certain energy that we have. Our newest collection is titled ‘No Curfew,’ and we came up with that collection name two years ago. It started with a name first, and it’s loosely based off of a few things. One of our favorite movies, Escape From New York, highlights the dystopic nature of New York and we took that idea and that energy and brought it into an entire collection. We’re telling our story of growing up in New York and the idea of shedding light on the aspects of New York that aren’t highlighted in media. We’re not talking about Times Square; we’re talking about the actual nitty-gritty where we’re from; Brooklyn, the shit that we’ve seen and been a part of. Real Shit. Raw shit. Like we have a t-shirt with Method Man on it rapping in front of a bodega where we lived in Staten Island. On the back of the shirt, we have the lyrics to Method Man describing torture. So what we’re doing is nothing light, nothing airy, it’s real. It’s the actual motion that you go through growing up in this city. It’s not a nice place; we’re not from a nice place. We’re nice guys, but we got a little attitude behind us, and sometimes people don’t know how to take that.  Kuj: We’re also depicting how New York used to be. In the drawings that I do, people are dying in the street, there’s hookers, drugs, and all of that is all coming back now. In this neighborhood right here, there’s bum’s dying in the streets. We saw a bum die right on the corner yesterday.  Arben: Yeah, literally yesterday. Kuj: The cop was over there acting like it was nothing crazy, but we saw him walk over to check his pulse... Arben: And he looked away like, fuck, this guy is dead.  Kuj: And I’m sitting there thinking, my drawings represent what happened here in the 70s and 80s, but it’s still here.  Arben: Not only that, it’s about telling the story of our family. My dad grew up during that time, and we incorporate everything that he relays to us about that time. We’ll be walking down the street with him, and he’ll say, “You shoulda seen this place in the 80s!” All of those stories are translated into our clothes. It’s not all about us, it’s about our grandfather in New York, our father in New York, and the shit that they went through to have us here. It all comes full circle.  How do you work on BOND both individually and in sync? Arben: I’m kind of selfish when it comes to designing because I design out of desire and what I want to wear. It always strikes me weird that designers don’t wear the clothes they make. The clothes that we make from the sampling process, we wear them, and we wear them until they fall apart. We take those pieces that we wore for months and come up with how we want to make it into the final product. A new shirt that you buy from us won’t feel like a new shirt; it’s going to feel like it’s been worn in and lived in like it has some history behind it. It’s about having everything come together, and shit that we fuck with, in hopes that if we fuck with it, you’ll fuck with it too. And that goes for everything that we do. When we opened up this restaurant, there isn’t anything on this menu that we didn’t try. Either you like what we like, or you’re not getting any. It sounds selfish, but it’s more that we trust our own opinion.  Kuj: We’ll come together on an idea, and then we’ll both take our time separately. When it comes to drawing up sketches to make all the graphics, I’m pretty much alone on it, and then we come back and decide what’s going on.  Arben: We’ll usually already have an idea; we’ll know we want a graphic of an all-over print of a Kuj drawing and it’s going to have this concept, this concept, and that concept. So Kuj will go and cook something up, and then we come to the final drawing board and decide the print and what it goes on.  Kuj: We’re making outfits out of this collection that we didn’t even think would go together. Once you have all the graphics said and done, that’s when it all comes along. Arben: And the beauty of it all is that I’ve always been a strong believer in collaboration. Out of collaboration comes some of the best work and it just so happens that my brother is my best collaborator. Every idea that I have, he brings it to level 2.0. It’s a crazy thing because we have this intellectual game of Ping-Pong going on. One of us will come up with an idea, and the other makes it better. Kuj: It’s like Ping-Pong in the Olympics. Two people will be on different teams, but they look so in sync. Even with friends around us, we’ll be chilling, and an idea will come up. It’s that creative grind. Arben: We never know when it’s going to happen. You literally can’t hang out with us without hearing some kind of crazy idea being cooked up. People think we’re mad because we’ll be sitting in the corner talking about an idea we just came up with. I do not work at a table, I think of my ideas, gather them all together, and then I go lay them down.  Kuj: We’re not cubical guys. I can’t sit in front of a computer and come up with ideas; it’s real-life inspiration. I need to be walking down the street. I’ll be hanging out with anybody, a stranger even, and an idea will pop in my head because of something they say. It’s taking little pieces and snippets of the world and giving it back. It’s a big regurgitation almost.  Arben: We consider ourselves well versed in music, film, and anything where we can relate to people without even knowing who they are, or where they come from. My brother and I speak many different languages. We speak Spanish, we speak Portuguese, we speak conversational Italian, and Albanian, where we’re from. Kuj: A little English here or there. Arben: We also take inspiration from cultures, because we relate to cultures, not from America.  Kuj: We grew up in a house full of immigrants. Arben: We’ll be downtown working at the factory, and we don’t speak English until 7 o’clock when we get home. Those are the people who inspire me, the people working all day on our pieces. Kuj: It reminds us of our past with our family. It’s the same type of energy.  Arben: It’s all past and future. We have a jacket in the new collection, it’s called the “Revolution Lining Jacket,” and that tells the story of our family. There’s a picture on the top right corner that has a photo of Enver Hoxha, the communist leader of Albania, his statue being torn down after communism. On the top left side, there’s a metro card, an actual metro card stitched in, and on the back is an Albanian eagle. So it tells the story of our family: communism, escaping Albania, coming to New York, and living and growing here.  Growing up in NYC and living in LA, how have the two cities inspired your creative drive? Kuj: Well, here’s the thing, when we get inspired we’re like sponges. It doesn’t matter where we are, and it doesn’t matter who we’re with, it comes from wherever. We get inspired in both places. When we go to Paris for fashion week, we get inspired by things that remind us of back home too. You need to be very observant of the world.  Arben: Yeah, as long as you keep your eyes open you never know when inspiration is going to hit you.  Kuj: The most random things will catch my attention. For example, there was a rent reminder on the elevators of our apartment. The landlord would put it up every first of the month, and I’m thinking, this guy is doing this every month… and it had such a nice font on it. Arben: It was a classic Times New Roman font, but we both thought it would look fire on a shirt. That’s when the whole Ping-Pong notion happens, bouncing ideas. Kuj: Then there was an eviction notice we got from living at Park LaBrea, from back in the day. So we took the eviction notice and slapped it on the back of a t-shirt. Arben: And that’s how the rent reminder shirt came to be. It’s always our true story in our clothes, and that’s the only way we work. We’re not afraid to say that we come from nothing. We’re not afraid to say we worked in a restaurant for fourteen years because that’s what made us who we are. That’s what gives us the conversational skills to be able to do this job.  From Marlboro packs to MetroCards, you like to incorporate items of your everyday use into your clothing. How did this idea spark and how has it become an iconic part of your brand identity? Arben: When we create, we don’t like to stray too far from home on the creative process. We always keep it home base. Shit that we’re into, shit that we do every day, things that we see every day. We smoke cigarettes regularly, it’s something we’ve enjoyed for many years of our life. We even have cigarettes tattooed on both of our lungs.  Kuj: We spend so much of our money on these cigarettes, and we thought it was time to get that back, creatively. It’s about how we incorporate the things in our life. People always have bad things to say about drinking and smoking, but hey, I use this shit. Arben: Everything comes full circle.  Kuj: I’m selling these shirts to buy more cigarettes now. It’s paying for that. Once we had the cigarette pack on a shirt idea, we thought, why don’t we slap some of our other things on t-shirts?  Arben: It all started with a small collection we did called “Hungover,” which was telling the world about our night out. In that collection, we thought how to execute it: cigarette packs, alcohol stains, cigarette burns, rips, shit being destroyed. A night out with us is no joke, and it’s about putting that on clothes. “Hungover,” gave us our identity and structured how we do things.  Kuj: It gave us our style to run with. It was a new level of cohesiveness. I was sewing just the tops of the cigarette packs at first, it just said Marlboro placed where an embroidered name would be on a jacket. Then we took it to the 2.0 and just put the whole pack on there. Arben: We had to refine it for everyday use, and we do it all ourselves. Kuj will press and steam every cigarette pack flat, then I take them to get laminated, big sheets of them. I shave down each pack with a razor, peel the back of the lamination off, apply a heat stamp to add the sticker onto the back of the cardboard, then Kuj stamps the carton onto the shirt. Then we steam the shirt.  Kuj: We heat press the pack on to the t-shirt.  Arben: You see this shirt, and it looks easy. We like to do market research and hang out in the stores that sell our clothes. I’ll even pretend to be the salesman sometimes, just to see their reactions and understand what the consumer is looking for and what they see in our product. I’ve heard guys come up to it and say “huh, this is crazy, how much is it?” I tell them $350, and some think that’s crazy, but I’m thinking, “I see where you’re coming from, but my man, that took us 5 hours to do!”  Kuj: I was sitting in the shop one day, hanging out, looking at the other collections they have, and some guy came in, and he was taking a picture of the cigarette pack tee. I asked him if he liked it, and he said it was cool, but all they did was stick a pack of cigs on a t-shirt. I was like, “yeah, lazy guys, anyone could have done that, huh?” and he said, “yeah, I could have done that!” So I asked him how he would’ve done it, and he didn’t know what to say, to which I said, “exactly, cuz you wouldn’t know how to do it.” Arben: I mean shit, we’ve been there too! I was a kid thinking “I could do this, I could do that,” and here I am 4 years later still trying to figure out how to make jeans.  Kuj: That’s how people become know-it-alls. I had an art teacher back in high school, and he went to a gallery at the MoMA, and there was a piece called “the knot,” and it was just a piece of string tied into a knot and framed. My teacher thought it was insane, and that anyone could do it. But my thinking was, “yeah, but you didn’t do it. Some guy tied a piece of string and put it in the MoMA. Respect to that guy. That guy finessed! What a move. I wish I thought of that.” Arben: We put a pack of our cigs on a t-shirt, and now we’re sitting next to Balenciaga. You never know what is going to happen. We had this old pattern maker, William, who kind of introduced us to the fashion world. We came into it thinking it would be easy to design a t-shirt. The first day we walked in there he asked us how long we wanted the process to be and we said around two weeks. He just pointed to his wall, which said: “The goddess of fashion is never on time.” Kuj: Facts! Arben: And he told us to remember that line.  Kuj: Facts! Arben: Cuz that’s going to stay with you till the day you die in this business.  Kuj: But at the time, we thought this guy had no clue what he was talking about. I didn’t want to believe this guy, but we knew that we had to.  Arben: And it took us three months to design that t-shirt. After that, I said, “All hail William, anything you say goes!” Kuj: Here we are 3 or 4 years later, and that still happens.  Arben: It’s never on time. We live two split lives that nobody understands or knows about. We wake up in the morning at 8 or 9 o’clock and go down to the factory, and as I said earlier, we’re not speaking English until we leave. We’re hanging out with Arturo, a 65-year-old Mexican guy and his 2-year-old grandchild, little Brandon. That kid’s the man! Kuj: Incredible kid! Arben: Incredible kid, incredible family. We went to that baby’s christening. They invite us to that shit. Kuj: Because we’re there everyday. Arben: It’s mutual respect. A lot of designers go there and kind of brush people off. Kuj: Not a lot of designers are down there, it’s mainly production managers, we’re the only owners who are really down there. Arben: They bring our creations to life, so if we don’t show respect, how are they going to show our clothes respect? If you’re a snotty nose kid coming in saying you want to make a t-shirt, I’d be like, “ah go fuck yourself.”  Kuj: Cuz at the end of the day we are young in their eyes.  Arben: We’re still looked at as kids in the game.  Kuj: I think I’m getting older, I’m 22 now, but other people see me in this industry and think, “who the fuck is this kid?” But I own a real corporation now, in a sense.  Arben: Internationally, we’re small businessmen.  Kuj: Yeah that’s what we like to call ourselves now… International small businessmen.  Arben: Now we get to travel the world. We never got to do that before, so being able to go to Paris and Italy, it’s been a dream for us.  Kuj: The first time I ever left the country was for work, and it’s traveling for a purpose.  Arben: We don’t take vacations; the only time we travel is for a purpose. We would have never of been able to accomplish what we’ve accomplished by staying in New York. And I hold true to that every day. LA is a city that listens; they don’t judge out there. In New York, we were kind of cast aside… Kuj: It’s taboo. Arben: So we thought we’d prove ourselves in LA and then come back into the city.  While you’ve dressed a notable list of celebs and musicians, who would you like to see in BOND? Arben: I would love to dress the entire Wu-Tang Clan in our clothes. All of Wu-Tang in full BOND would be a dream for me. Kuj: They’re pretty much all alive except Ol’ Dirty Bastard. Ol’ DB, I dropped a piece on his tombstone. We grew up listening to their music; we‘d love to work with them. We’re already putting them on our clothing, which they don’t know about. Arben: Yeah, sorry guys if you ever see this! Kuj: I’d want to do Iggy Pop. He doesn’t even wear clothes because he’s half naked all the time, but if I could put a pair of jeans on that guy, it’d be sick. I put that motherfucker on my clothes, and he doesn’t know about it. He’s like the Godfather. Him and Jim Morrison, I’d make a full custom fit for those guys.  Arben: This list could go on forever…we won’t stop with this list. We also admire a lot of different people who never really “popped” too; people who started trends, but the trends got stolen from them.  Kuj: Like the Dead Boys. They didn’t peak to their full potential.  Arben: Yeah, we like to tell their story because their story hasn’t been told. You always hear about the bands who made it, but what about the guys who paved the way? Kuj: We made a red velour sweater this season and if we could have put that on Biggie one time, and made a quadruple-triple XL for him… Arben: That sweater was both inspired by Biggie and The Sopranos. You’re supposed to wear that with your gold chain hanging out, not giving a fuck. Kuj: Like the movie Goodfellas, that’s our life in a sense, our whole family is like that. Not really killing people, well, maybe a few, but we don't know them. Arben: We don’t come from a nice place. We don’t come from a place where people got to do what they were destined to do; it’s more people put in situations and have to make it out alive. The people before us paved the way for us. Our older generations, I’m talking great-grandfathers, grandmothers and such. Kuj: People kind of lost sight as to why they came here, and just slipped into the routine.  Arben: But our ancestors came here so that we could do something really special with our lives. Our great-grandmother escaped communism with 10 of her family members that were no older than the age of 15. I mean… I could tell you the story. I’ll tell you the story. It needs to be said somewhere. We’re from Albania. Our great-grandmother was the matriarch of the family. She had three children, but she also took care of 7 other children who weren’t her’s because everyone else in the family had been killed off during communist reign. So she took everyone in as her own. She was very educated and overheard two communist soldiers from Serbia speaking about burning down her entire village that night. They didn’t know that my great grandmother was highly educated and could understand them. So she went outside and asked the soldiers if she could get seaweed from the lake to patch up her roof because it was supposed to rain. She got whatever gold she could find, went down to the lake and got some seaweed, bought a little row boat with the gold, and hid it. She came back, patched up the roof, gathered the kids, and at 10 o’clock they took whatever they had on them, and got out of there. They all escaped, got into the rowboat and went to what was then Yugoslavia. She lost a baby on the way, but they made it to Yugoslavia, lived there and then went to Italy, which is why we have these Italian Restaurants. Then they came to New York, to Brooklyn. Without my great-grandmother's sacrifice, we wouldn’t be here right now. So we have to tell her story. Without telling her story, who are we?  Kuj: And believe it or not, many Albanians took a similar path out of the country, and they own half of the Italian restaurants you see in New York especially in Staten Island or Brooklyn.  How would you describe your overall aesthetic? Kuj: Dirty, but clean. Arben: Hip rock. It’s blending the two things we love most: Hip Hop and Rock and Roll. How do the function and quality of your garments compare and contrast to the artwork painted on them? Arben: It relates back to dirty, but clean. Our pieces have so much detail to them, and it gets overlooked.  Kuj: Like the all-over print shirt, it’s got so much shit in it that I did. It’s just a big pen drawing.  Arben: But this t-shirt also goes through such a process; this isn’t just a regular tee, this is custom fabric, so it first comes out feeling vintage. We sit there and inspect the gauges, inspect the weights. This is an hour and a half stonewashed shirt. You gotta deal with shrinkage and the color being right. It feels like a shirt that’s 20 years old, and that’s the idea, to make pieces feel lived in and worn in. We never had new clothes growing up, we had hand-me-down pieces, or we went vintage shopping. We want you to buy a piece that feels lived in and worn in for years. From your current to archival work, what’s one of your all-time favorite pieces?  Kuj: From our last collection, ‘Down in Flames,’ the “Like a Brick Wall On Fire” shirt because it has the most meaning to me. It was a picture of Iggy Pop standing on the crowd. “Like A Brick Wall On Fire” was written around the picture, and that comes from a text message I received from my ex-girlfriend. I had a full gang sit down showed them the screenshot of that sentence, and I'm like, “what is this?” It hit me so hard; I really am a brick wall on fire. I paired it with that Iggy Pop picture because I felt that it embodied what it meant.  Arben: We’re the same person, so shit like that always comes up for both of us. Some people think that we’re unstable, but in the path of doing what you dream, there’s no room for stability. A brick wall is very stable, but when it’s on fire, what do you do with it?  Kuj: So like I said, we share our experiences. She meant something mean from that text, but I twisted it, made it something positive, and made money off that. You got a negative situation? We’ll turn it to a positive.  Tell us about your side project, Nothing Crazy. Arben: It’s a collaborative effort between myself, Kuj, Diego, and Andrew Andrade. So it’s a group of brothers coming together just wanting to have some fucking fun. Kuj: Me and Diego are the same age, Arb and Andrew are the same age, it’s like we found us in a mirrored image. We all became best friends. Arben: Those guys are our family. We got similar birthdays, three days apart. We’re the same zodiac signs; me and Drew are pieces, Kuj and Diego are Gemini’s. So it’s about us coming together, but it’s also about something that everyone can get, inclusivity not exclusivity. BOND is a brand focused on exclusivity. We know not everyone can buy a 1,900 dollar jacket, it’s hand done, it takes time, it’s hand-crafted. We come from a streetwear background, and that’s what got us into high fashion. Supreme, Stüssy, brands like that led us to high fashion. And we were there during the very beginning of it. So this is us coming back to our roots and doing something for the kids. What could we do for the kids like us, that couldn’t get into a party? If we see you in a Nothing Crazy hoodie, you’re walking into the party with us. We did a Nothing Crazy party in Italy and had one of our homies, Jay IDK, perform, and the next day we did a pop-up. And it was the biggest party they had ever had at the store. Kuj: It was incredible. Arben: 400 something people showed up to the pop-up and they all knew Nothing Crazy, and all knew our gang shake because we have a special handshake that we do.  Kuj: A lot of them knew BOND too. They all came in with their Raf fits on. They knew what the fuck was going on and they were like 12 years old.  Arben: At the pop-up, I asked a group of kids what they were doing the next day to model the lookbook. We bought them pizza, cracked some Coca-Cola, had them fitted at the store, and hit the streets. They were so gassed to be a part of it. I literally gave one kid my shoes, and I was walking around the streets in my socks.   Kuj: We still talk to all these kids to this day. It’s like we went in a time machine and went to see us as kids and gave us the clothes we made in the future.  Arben: And that’s the kind of relationship we want to build with people buying our clothes. We’re not trying to be some hot shot designers, that’s not the point of this. The point is to connect with people, and that’s why we tell our stories. At the end of the day, there are people out there that can relate to what you’re going through. That’s why we watch movies, listen to music, read books.  Kuj: Next is Japan. So we’ll see what will happen out there.  What can we expect from you in the near future? Arben: We just dropped our latest collection, ‘No Curfew,’ in stores last week. It’s our story, from our relatives to ourselves in New York. It all comes full circle as were here right now opening this restaurant in the garment district. This collection will tell you a little bit about our history, but it also highlights the poverty, crime-struck rawness of New York that’s not shown in everyday media. What you can expect from us is that we’re gonna keep making fresh shit. We’re going to keep making things that we fuck with. Kuj: Not gonna stop till we eatin’ good every day.  Arben: We’re not here for some in-and-out shit, we’re here for the long run.  Kuj: Creating shit, traveling the world, we gotta keep on going to continue BOND.  Arben: We have to keep creating instances where we’re making real life happen.  Kuj: We’re not fucking leaving. Arben: We’re not fucking leaving! To see more about BOND click here. The Durollari family restaurant, Nittis, is set to open at the end of October in the Garment District of NYC. Interview conducted and written by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: Phoenix Johnson Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC dress.   ZADIG & VOLTAIRE jacket, PRABAL GURUNG dress, and H.STERN earrings.  ZADIG & VOLTAIRE jacket, PRABAL GURUNG dress, and H.STERN earrings.  GUCCI dress and cape and H.STERN earrings.  CHANEL shirt, gloves, and necklace, LEVI’S jeans, and PEDRO GARCÍA boots.  ADAM SELMAN jacket and pants and ALISON LOU earrings.  SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO dress and H.STERN earrings and ring. Maika Monroe is patient with me. My iPhone 5 is on its last legs, liberally censoring an already stilted conversation between two strangers (three if you include her manager). Monroe’s voice is cool and self-assured, with a shade of sweetness that fluctuates somewhere between hesitation and modesty. Perhaps this is an adaptation of  media training, a way to circumvent the extraneous prying questions of another caffeine-addled journalist on a 10 a.m. call. The sweetness feels a little evasive at times, but maybe she’s shy. Or maybe she’s a genuinely kind person, and amidst my phone-fumbling anxiety, I am reading too much into it. I catch ev-ry oth-r w-rd as her voice crackles in and out, so I spastically swing my arm around until I find that sharply angled sweet spot between AT&T and outer space. When I hit it, her voice erupts into the room with alarming clarity—“My mom is a sign language interpreter and my dad is a general contractor, so they are really far away from anything in the arts.” Thank god. She’s still at the beginning. I only missed the previews.  At fourteen years old, Santa Barbara-native Monroe was taking dance classes while in hot pursuit of a career as a professional kite- boarder. But when the casting directors for Bad Blood (a schlocky horror flick with a nearly un-findable IMDB page) contacted Monroe’s dance studio requesting teenage extras that could swing dance, she found herself suddenly positioned on a new trajectory. “It was one of those moments in your life that changes everything. You’re on one path—at least it seems like you are—and then a moment changes everything.” She was quickly hooked on moviemaking. “We got to see all the fake gore. It was fascinating to watch. I would hang out with the director  and watch the monitors, and I thought it was so cool. After that, I was like, ‘Oh, I want to try to do this!’” So Monroe gave it a try. A handful of years later, she found herself at Cannes Film Festival for her lead performance as Jay in the acclaimed indie horror hit It Follows.  Although Bad Blood was her first taste of acting, Monroe was no stranger to the world of cinema. As a daughter of a film-buff dad, she was watching Kubrick films long before getting her driver’s permit. Unlike myself, who walked away from The Shining with a newfound fear of bathtubs, Monroe came away with a lifelong crush on Jack Nicholson. “One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest was really influential to me. I remember seeing that and thinking, ‘Oh my god! This is insane!’” Her performances in the horror films It Follows and The Guest resulted in her coronation as a ‘scream queen’ by film critics. Her fluency in the horror genre may be, in part, influenced by her lifelong study of Nicholson, of his charming composure that masks Rube-Goldberg-esque machinations of madness—the barometer of said madness being best measured in the degree of his pointed eyebrows. Although her roles so far might align her with the Shelley Duvall camp of  the female character fleeing in terror from an evil force, she adopts  a more Nicholsonian approach in her performances: a composure  and determination that adds agency to what would otherwise be the “screaming damsel” role.  Ten years ago, the title of “scream queen” would have been a something of a backhanded compliment. With most horror films occupying the “cheap thrills” seat in the cinema canon, genre-actors were often subject to a double standard, where an otherwise strong performance might be seen as campy or amateurish because of the perception of horror as being somehow lowbrow. Even The Shining was panned by many critics when it was released—Nicholson’s performance was called “idiotic,” Duvall was lambasted as a “semi-retarded hysteric,” and Kubrick’s vision was accused of “cheapening” King’s original story. After It Follows became one of the rare horror films to earn a place at Cannes, the tides began to change—now, horror is invading the art house indie scene. Monroe is fortunate to be unbound by the antiquated criticism of horror, but her ascent has not been without its obstacles. “I definitely feel that there’s a double standard in Hollywood. I remember people telling me that for women, you have to make it by the time you’re 25, while for men it kind of doesn’t really matter. I always thought that was so frustrating that people would say that to me. So many times in movies a guy is 40 and the girl that he’s dating is 20. It’s annoying.” Amen. Remember Mrs. Robinson? That iconic, lusty cougar played by Anne Bancroft in The Graduate? Bancroft was 36 and Dustin Hoffman (playing a recent college graduate) was 30 years old. So, here’s to you Mrs. Robinson.  “Acting is everybody’s favorite second job.” Another truism from the book of Nicholson. At seventeen, while she was still  flirting with the idea of acting, Monroe moved to the Dominican Republic to pursue a career as a professional kite-boarder. But when she landed the starring role of Mandy in Labor Day, she was forced to choose between her first and second favorite job. Ultimately, the seduction of Hollywood drew her back to the golden coast. Although she left the world of kite-boarding, her disciplined athleticism is one of her greatest assets as an actress. She performs the majority of her own stunts in action films like 2016’s Independence Day: Resurgence, the surfing film The Tribe of Palos Verdes, and the Netflix sci-fi thriller Tau—roles that have brought her right to the cusp of household-name stardom. Her IMDB page sports an impressive 27 films, with seven stacked to release in 2018-19 alone. So what can we look forward to? A drama entitled Greta co- starring Chloë Grace Moretz and Isabelle Huppert. A stylized home invasion thriller called Villains alongside fellow horror It-boy Bill Skarsgård. She also touches upon Shia LaBeouf’s new film, Honey Boy—a masturbatory, delightfully Freudian project in which LaBeouf plays his own father and Lucas Hedges plays a young Shia. I sincerely can’t wait.  In her most recent film,  Monroe was cast as the Cape Cod  heart-throb McKayla Strawberry in A24’s Hot Summer Nights. The film is a genre-spanning, early ’90s period piece following the lives of teenagers in the summer months before Hurricane Bob. The pathetic fallacy of  the eminent hurricane serves as the backdrop for protagonist Daniel (Timothée Chalamet), who gets in over his head dealing weed with the roguishly handsome neighborhood bad-boy Hunter Strawberry (Alex Roe). Hunter, like most machismo-driven grease monkeys, is wholly insensitive, yet hyper-protective of his younger sister McKayla, who Daniel inevitably falls for. The story is told in the style of the The Virgin Suicides: an unseen adolescent boy narrates the film’s action with the nostalgic fanfare of suburban legend. Older teens are deities. The line is blurred between truth and fiction.  We all knew a McKayla Strawberry, a girl whose small-town mythology gave her the aura of celebrity. In one scene, McKayla sticks her gum to the underside of a mailbox. As soon as her back is turned, a local boy eagerly peels it off and puts it in his mouth. How do you embody such a magnetic character? In Monroe’s opinion, it was about understanding McKayla’s vulnerabilities. “There are glimpses of the character when she talks about her past, and for me, if I lost my mom at the age of 12 or 13, it would really change who I am right now... there’s a certain toughness, and a sense of just growing up too fast.” So vulnerability is the key to aura? Vulnerability seems like half an answer: it’s too passive, too safe. There is an active ingredient in her performance that she doesn’t address. In a defining scene between Monroe and Chalamet, Daniel is sucking on a red lollipop when he  runs into McKayla in the aisle of a hardware store. With the cinematic fanfare of Phoebe Cates emerging from the pool in Fast Times, the slow motion camera closes in on McKayla’s face as she takes the lollipop out of Daniel’s mouth, gives it a prolonged suck while starring straight down the barrel of the camera, and puts it right back in his mouth. “When we filmed it, I wasn’t even looking at Timo, just our DP Javier. It wasn’t sexy or cool at all.”  Lollipops aside, we discuss the unmistakable chemistry among the cast of Hot Summer Nights. Filming in Atlanta with the entire cast living in a house together, “it felt like summer camp.” A unique aspect of the production: everyone who worked on the film—cast, producer, and director—were all under thirty while filming. Directing his debut film, Elijah Bynum was actually only one-year-old during the year in which the film takes place. Between Stranger Things, It, and Hot Summer Nights—what is the millennial fascination for the ’80s and ’90s? Why do we have nostalgia for a time period we didn’t live in? “For me, the biggest thing that has happened in  this generation is technology.  It makes me miss a time of sending letters. Just always being connected, and all this information is so immediate.  I think about being in a time where you read the newspaper and if you’re in a relationship and you go on a trip you can’t text and talk all the time. I don’t know if it’s that way for everyone, but it seems like such a huge change that we’ve had.” With smartphones in existence, modern story telling lacks the suspense and mystique  at the core of all comedy and tragedy. Would we have a third act of Romeo and Juliet if the Friar could SMS our star-crossed lover about his roofied young bride? If James Caan’s character inMisery had “find your friends” on his iPhone?  If the killers in Scream had caller ID? “I totally agree, it’s too easy!” Monroe laughs as  we lament the loss of narrative intrigue through good ol’ fashioned miscommunication. I smile to myself, reminded of the technological difficulties  at the top of our conversation. Maybe our miscommunications added just a shade of intrigue to an otherwise uneventfully pleasant exchange? Maybe not.  With such a rookie team at the helm of a big-budget production like Hot Summer Nights, I ask Monroe if she thinks this hints at a greater shift in the entertainment industry. “I think the next generation is going to start”—she searches for the right word—“I don’t want to say “taking over” because that sounds negative—but I think the way that movies are made is rapidly changing. Now with TV and streaming services it’s just a different world. I feel like we have these amazing actors, like Leonardo DiCaprio and George Clooney and Meryl Streep, and I think it’s time for the young blood to come up. It’s exciting.”  From Bad Blood to “young blood,” Monroe finds herself at the edge of an evolving cultural conversation. Monroe’s generation has the future, or should I say their iPhones, at their fingertips. When all the banality and horrors of our modern world are democratized by a single screen, it’s no surprise we long for a simpler time. Or perhaps it’s more accurate to say: with a reality TV star as our president, the gap between satire and cinema verité is rapidly disappearing. As a result, the genre of “horror” has developed a subtlety that hits ever-closer to home. Is that too fatalistic a note to end on? Have I gone off track? I just hope to live in a world where a 36-year-old fox like Anne Bancroft doesn’t waste her time with a dud like Benjamin Braddock.  Photographed by Kelia Anne Styled by Mercedes Natalia  Hair by Ryan Richman  Makeup by Kelsey Deenihan  Flaunt Film by Karl Richter Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017              At the end of the Fashion Freak Show stellar two hour live multi-media cabaret revue dance performance at the Folies Bergère, the French designer Jean Paul Gaultier appeared in a video broadcast and stated that the entire show was a dream of his since he was a young boy who had the audacity to dream that one day he would have a major show at the legendary venue that had hosted the likes of Maurice Chevalier, Mistinguett, Fernandel and Josephine Baker.  As a young kid, he had the propensity for drawing illustrations, often with bizarre depictions of clothes in the video portrait where Rossy de Palma was his teacher, and he once practiced his emerging talent dressing his own teddy with a corset top and makeup.   Via video montage, singing, and dance performance, The Fashion Freak Show showcased the seminal moments of Gaultier’s life and career from his birth in Arceuil to the moment he realized he wanted to be a fashion designer, after devouring the scenes from the 1945 Jacques Becker’s Falbalas that depicted a narcissistic couture fashion designer’s obsession and seduction of women including his friend’s fiancée to find inspirations for his collections.  The guest star model, Anna Cleveland, wore a blue silk dress with a train long enough to require not only a hanger but a rolling rack. She paraded on stage in a sketch on the chaotic back and front stage scenes from his first fashion show in 1976 that also included Marie Mayer, a comedienne and model for the Classique Gaultier perfume, in a long black biker and spray painted tutu skirt.  Cleveland, who has taken time off from modeling for her role, also performed a great scene as Josephine Baker along the Cuban dancer-model Lazaro Cuervo Costa as a tribute to the singer’s 1926 appearance wearing a skirt made of hanging bananas.   As it was autobiographical, the show contained moving scenes of the young designer played by Patrick Kuo, the Australian-born dancer who has joined the house of Ninja since moving to Paris two years ago. It also followed the relationship with Gaultier’s partner in life Francis Menuge, from their meeting, with a large projection of an idealistic and colorful portrait done by Pierre & Gilles, to the moment of Menuge’s passing from AIDS after the years frequenting the nightlife of London to Le Palace in Paris, as portrayed in an S&M scene with the dancers wearing cut-out vests, quilts and vinyl dresses that showed how the designer incorporated underground cultures into his fashion vision.  In between were costumes created especially for the show, remade from Gaultier’s original runway versions.  Many of the designers runway looks over the last four decades are dispersed throughout the show – the velvet corset cone dress from fall 1984, the tattoos looks from spring 1994, the underwear as outerwear from from spring 1998, or the houndstooth head to toe look from fall 1991.  The burlesque dancer Maud’ Amour partially undressed herself and went topless dancing and singing perhaps in a nod the to tradition of the famous location as well as a tribute to the bare breasted Madonna in a September 1992 AMFAR charity show in Los Angeles or Naomi Campbell in a high waist pencil skirt and red wool beret in January 2002.  This was not the first time that Gaultier had done a revue-dance show as a way to exhibit his fashion designs.  In 1985 he collaborated with the avant-garde dance choreographer Régine Chopinot in a show called ‘Le défilé’--  French for a fashion show -- where as usual, the costumes were extraordinary renditions of some of his runway, now as tutus, corset dresses, and trompe d’oeil knits worn by dancers simulating a fashion presentation.  Besides the famous Blonde Ambition tour where Madonna wore several of his satin corsets on stage, the designers collaborated with filmmakers Peter Greenaway’s 1989 The Cook, the Thief, his Wife and her Lover, Pedro Aldomovar’s 1992  for Kika, and Luc Besson’s 1997 The Fifth Element.  Pictures of the costumes for these movies were displayed in a sequence on the stage and overhead monitor.  The exception was for a lengthy revisit of the seminal men’s fall-winter 1996-1997 show – ‘L’homme moderne’ -- the first men’s haute couture show that took place in a hotel particulier near Pigalle in January 1996.  This time around, Catherine Deneuve provided a video narration as she called out the number and name of each outfit in the same way over two decades ago when each male model carried a number indicating their look on the show program with an announcer called out the number and a description of the outfit.   I remembered that men’s show in 1996, and the dancers wore identical looks today -- a brocade riding coat with leather skin tight pants and lace corset bustier with cock feathers worn with black pants and shirt and tie.  Gaultier did much to dismantle the traditional and rigid formality of menswear fashion by creating a powerful hourglass silhouette with tailored pinstripes cut to emphasize rather than hide the male physique of menswear since his first men’s show called ‘Homme objet’ for spring 1982 where male narcissism and eroticism were worn by pin-up boys with each of their outfits.   A pivotal scene in the show – Plastic Fantastik – portrayed a dancer completely wrapped in an outfit made from surgical bandages going to the named department store where she can purchase a new limb, a better butt, or a rounder boobs on different floor to alter herself to adhere to the prevailing aesthetics on what is beautiful. The recorded announcer also mentioned that the second floor specialized in men’s virility boosting services.  More than any other parts of the show this scene epitomized the Gaultier life and work ethos – that beauty is everywhere.  Decades before the current trend of diversity, Gaultier had casted models of all types, races, and origins as an embrace of his core belief not only in multicultural world – Mongolia, Hassidic, Eskimo, Punks, Rockers – that inspired many collections but the cast of ‘beauties’ who waked those shows came from everywhere in the world and of different shapes.  The plus-size model Crystal Renn did his fall 2006 show.   Gaultier treated the sexes by imparting the power of seduction to both genders on an equal scale like the men’s spring 1997 show at a converted brothel where the men were the objects of desire. Genderless clothes, streetwear as high fashion, tech in fashion, and diversity were no yet issues in fashion then as they are so predominant today but these issues were more personal before he made the gender-neutral clothes fashionable and diversity a must.   Perhaps for this he was labeled enfant terrible - a denomination for an outsider a rebel who wasn’t viewed as part of the dominant system as he was simply so far ahead of his times in his vision of society and in how he portrayed people through his own language – clothes.  To achieve truly modern fashion that reflected the evolving society at large is a significant heritage.  The exaggerated corsets and the men’s skirt-pants serves as objects of power much like the way Yves Saint Laurent put women in pantsuits in the early 1960’s as a challenge to societal patriarchy. In the beginning sequence of the show, there was a phone conversation with a supposed Karl Lagerfled-like figure, but as a black man with a white wig, dismissing Gaultier’s first show in 1976 as trashy for its non-bourgeois approach and for basically turning a trash bag into a dress as total nonsense.  But by the end of the performance, it is hard to underestimate Gaultier’s contribution to modern fashion in elevating to triumph the repressed, the Kitsch, and the camp to redefine the notion and ideal of taste and elegance via clothes and this is clearly visible throughout this performance.   The very strong and harmonious 15 member cast including the aerialist Julie Demont, the acrobat Nacer Marsad, the singer-dancer Mike Gauthier, the model-dancer Grégoire Malandain, the House of Ninja voguer Lea Vlamos, and the singer Demi Mondain, reflect this diverse ‘city’ much like inhabitant the city of Paris and much like the audience who were watching the show whose cast members frequently engaged with because the audience was also an integral part of the show itself. As a bilingual set, the show surely has potential for an international tour to other major global capitals in the coming year.   Fashion Freak Show at Folies Bergères, Paris runs until December 30, 2018  Purchase tickets Here  Fashion Freak Show Written/Costumed by Jean Paul Gaultier Direction by Jean Paul Gaultier and Tonie Marshall Choreography: Marion Motin Music: Nile Rodgers Scenography: Eric Soyer Lighting: Dimitri Vassiliu  Video: Renaud Rubiano   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Left to right: A.L.C. dress, THE2BANDITS choker, and talent’s own shoes. TEATUM JONES dress, PIERRE HARDY shoes, and GABRIELA ARTIGAS necklace available at Sexy Beast with proceeds going to Planned Parenthood. TOPSHOP suit and shirt, PIERRE HARDY shoes, and THE2BANDITS choker. On October 20, the Marciano Art Foundation, already replete with a trove of supercharged contemporary art of its own, will welcome even more into its lofty marble halls. That’s when they host the 2018 edition of the biannual charity art soirée that is the aptly named Sexy Beast. Less of a benefit auction and more of an arts-based micro-festival, Sexy Beast for Planned Parenthood LA started in 2014 under the Night Gallery auspices, before the torch was passed in 2016 to Sonny Ruscha Granade and what soon became a core trio of indomitable, inspired women who use their respective skill sets and social arrays to produce a genuinely progressive vision of what giving and social responsibility can be.  Granade, in seeking to augment her established art-world milieu, teamed up with close friend Kristen Stegemoeller, a brand strategist and writer with deep roots in the design world, and Tera Uhlinger, an experiential director and brand strategist with an impressive career in national music and events production. The results have been transformative for everyone involved.  Reimagining the creative ways in which artists, musicians, designers, chefs, and other influencers can contribute fresh ideas, merchandise and covetable fine art to one of the most important causes of our lifetime is just the beginning. It’s also super important to the women of Sexy Beast that the event itself be a memorable, affable, inclusive, fashion-forward straight-up good time, whether or not you score a masterpiece at auction. And that’s where the party starts.  A.L.C. dress. “The gala is our personality,” say the team. “Fashion, music, pop- up shopping, design, all of it. It’s about elevating the very idea of a fundraising gala into a more full experience. Tickets start at $350 and you’ll have an amazing time even if you don’t buy a thing. Everyone  is included and valuable.” Centering around a variety show hosted by rising-star comedian Kate Berlant (daughter of iconic LA artist Tony Berlant), and honoring legendary artist Jenny Holzer, the night also plans a series of illustrious performances from rising musicians and dancers, as well as custom designs from the likes of Virgil Abloh and Gabriela Artigas for sale, polished off with drinks and bites from some of LA’s hottest chefs.  Of course, it’s still a benefit event, and it started in the art world, so there will be an auction—a silent one this year. Which means they almost never have to turn the music off. All the work in that part of the night is offered for $10K and under, and in place of the drag of the live auction, they’ve organized private pre-sales on bigger ticket items from Cecily Brown, Ed Ruscha, Jennifer Steinkampf, Rashid Johnson, Jonas Wood and others.  TEATUM JONES dress. Before taking over Sexy Beast, Granade had worked on the CalArts and ICA LA capital campaigns, where she got a taste for arts- based philanthropy and community organizing. When Night Gallery approached her she said yes right away, but she knew she would need partners to make it work. “I could never do it by myself! And Kristen has been my bestie since 10 years ago hanging out at Ghettogloss. She’s a badass. Now she’s the brain, our writer, our voice.” A simple twist of fate brought Tera into their lives, a friend of a friend, and a woman who had quit her full-time corporate job and was volunteering as much of her time as she could. “I had a version of this model in my mind,” she says. They met, sparked, collaborated, and soon she was a partner. “It just made sense,” they say, and they’ve never looked back.  Sexy Beast is a platform, a potentially transferable model, exportable to other charities and other cities—artists and designers working in true collaboration with people that move culture, and who explore different ways to interact with non-profits and brands and people. “Planned Parenthood itself both is and isn’t a brand,” says Kristen. “In LA, they are literally saving lives in our community. Last year, PPLA provided 242,000 visits to 140,000 patients, 90% of which are below the federal poverty line. Where else are they supposed to go?”  TOPSHOP suit and shirt. “We need to normalize a conversation about using PP,” says Tera, “and about birth control and reproductive agency in general. Everyone has their personal PP story. It doesn’t matter what you’re using it for, only that you have the choice.” And by bringing in creative celebrities, they hope to move the needle in the right direction. “When sexy, glossy, high-profile people stand behind the cause,” says Kristen, “it makes a difference. It makes people pay attention.”   Get your tickets to the Sexy Beast After Party at The Marciano Art Foundation on October 20 Here. Written by Shana Nys Dambrot Photographed by Nolwen Cifuentes Styled by Soaree Cohen  Hair and Makeup by Courtney Housner and Emily Zempel  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017          Photo by Jake Harrison Yes, okay, it’s officially fall now, and as I type, the ever-clear Los Angeles sky is tumultuous and gray, ready for rain — but that doesn’t mean we have to let go of our tropical summer spirit!  Photo by Jake Harrison Friends and fragrant-fanatics Ezra Woods and Alia Raza are the creators of Régime des Fleurs, a fresh and sharp perfumery that creates scents that emulate the essences of objects from nature. The scents from their newest line, “Personal/Space” radiate island vibes with their neon colors and tropical smells. Waves, Falls, Shells, Leis, and Vines are all vehicles for transportation to somewhere perfectly summery, and are meant to add a new layer of extraordinariness to your skin and to the air around you.  Photo by Jake Harrison We recently got our hands on samples from “Personal/Space” and were absolutely enamored with the scents Régime des Fleurs managed to bottle in such classic and cute frosty vessels. The scents are inspired by Woods and Raza’s month spent in Oahu in 2016, but somehow emits familiar smells of all walks of summer.  Leis is floral and fresh, and gives off the sweet and youthful scent of the a girly bedroom in July, cluttered with plucked flowers and colorful jelly bracelets.  Shells, a Flaunt favorite, is sweet, like Leis, but also slightly tart and woody, like a plethora of freshly cut fruit. Vines is the perfect recreation of earthy foliage, lush, damp, and musky, with a hint of fig and overripe citrus. Waves is the clean, crisp scent of the ocean, of course, frothy and saline bottled in blue. Finally, Falls, the other favorite in the Flaunt office, is tropical and masculine, conjuring the image of cold, rushing water.  So, is summer really over? Not really, if Régime des Fleurs can help it.  Photography by Jake Harrison  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    DIESEL sweater.   DIESEL sweater and talent’s own jewelry.  DIESEL jacket and top. Wake up, loser. It’s picture day.  You’re in the gym, lined up in alphabetical order (why don’t any of your friends have a last name that starts with W?) The photographer is a middle-aged man in a Kangol hat telling you a dumb joke to trick you into smiling. Well, jokes on him. You’re a 15-year-old with braces, and you haven’t smiled in two years.  You see the picture three months later. You’ve got that closed-mouth smirk and a deadpan stare—overexposed and resentful, just how you like it. You’re actually feeling pretty good about this yearbook until you walk into the cafeteria to see Jessica Goldfarb Sharpie-ing “BITCH” across your forehead. Why? Because you made out with her ex at the cast party after “Grease.” It was totally worth it. Better to be infamous than forgotten, right? After all, you’ve always had a thing for Kenickie.  Diesel’s 2018 campaign is giving a high-five to all the “BITCHES” out there: the sluts, nerds, jocks, princesses, preps, and freaks. Let all those Jessicas Sharpie away, because every devil horn, fang, and cartoon dick builds character. In fact, why not beat her to the punch? Take that Sharpie and write “BITCH” on your own forehead. In the words of Diesel, “The more hate you wear, the less you care.” To pair with Flaunt’s exclusive premiere of Diesel’s “Hate Couture,” we interviewed Sebastien White, Dinah Rankin, and TJ to hear how they learned to wear their labels with pride.  *** DIESEL HATE COUTURE jacket, shirt, and pants. Dinah Rankin is a video artist, comedian, and internet personality who uses her incisive wit and meme-making skills to critique our generation’s Insta-zeitgeist.  Describe your creative process for bridging your media and conceptual work with your products. How would you like to have your work seen?  Ideas literally just show up on my mental doorstep, and once they’re there, I have to fully extend them or I’ll go nuts. It can be anything from a painting, to a video, to product manipulation, to performance, anything. I want my work to be seen in whatever platform it’s meant to inhabit. I think the most fun and interesting thing about art today is the speed and process of how it’s shared. Whatever I create, I try to keep in mind how media and communication will add another layer to the piece.   What do you feel is the most common misconception of who you are?  That I’m nice.   Do you ever feel judged for being who you are?  The name Dinah literally means “judged,” so here we are! I feel judged every day just like everyone on Earth does. The only way you can deal with it is to examine yourself and reconcile it within yourself. Do you, honey.   How can the idea of “taking back” the epithets that others try to use against you be empowering?  Oh, I love the word “slut.” Owning whatever people say about you is empowering.   Who do you want to say “fuck you” to?  Whoever decided to change the charger on the new iPhone.  *** DIESEL HATE COUTURE jacket and shirt. Sebastien White is a creative at heart. He has a hand in everything from a self-published magazine, modeling career, and a line of custom clothing.  What is your favorite tattoo?  My favorite tattoo is my “have a  nice day” tattoo across my forehead. Everyone that sees it always comments about it, and they seem to have a brighter day, which is the point.   What clique were you in in high school?  I was a naive, Christian virgin until I was about 20. It wasn’t the easiest to fit in all the time.   Have you ever felt criticized or looked down upon for being who you are?  I have two kids, and going to soccer games to support my son or dance lessons for my daughter wasn’t always an inviting experience. Most of the other parents looked at me like I was an alien. I kept on smiling and being myself to teach my kids that there’s power in that. It’s better to have an open heart towards others, and even better to have an open heart towards yourself.   How can the idea of “taking back” the epithets that others try to use against you be empowering?  Just yesterday a man on the street shouted “freaks!” at my wife and me. We thought that was the greatest compliment we could get! We believe that basic people like to be basic; they don’t change the world in any way. To us, it takes courage, confidence, hard work, and maybe a little bit of “freak” to leave a legacy.   Who do you want to say “fuck  you” to?  I wouldn’t want to say “fuck you” to anyone in particular, maybe the occasional crack in the sidewalk that makes me face-plant in public right off my skateboard.  *** DIESEL HATE COUTURE coat, pants, and boots and talent’s own jewelry. TJ is a non-binary model, advocate, and activist who is fighting for a deeper understanding of gender in our world.   Did you have a high school superlative?  I lasted a solid two years in Catholic high school before getting sent away to a type of reform school in Montana. But if I could go back in time and be who I am today, I would want it to be “most likely to break boundaries.”   What clique were you in in high school?  The only clique I had was me and my smokes behind Religion class.   Have you ever felt criticized or looked down upon for being who you are?  Of course! Criticisms come with being seen as queer, dyke, non- binary, masculine-presenting, feminist, or covered in tattoos. I have to brace myself sometimes to take on the women’s restroom. Women have literally told me to leave, or they’ve walked back out to look at the sign to make sure they are in the right bathroom. Gives me a chuckle when I’m feeling confident, but some days I don’t have the energy. I’d rather just use the men’s restroom because they don’t think twice about me. It helps that I know how to piss standing up.   How can the idea of “taking back” the epithets that others try to use against you be empowering? I’ve had people scream out their car window – “dyke!” At first, “dyke” made me cringe, and I almost believed I was weaker. I was taught to believe that being a masculine- presenting woman with a feminist mind and a loud mouth was bad. The more I grew into my skin, the more I accepted “dyke” as a badge of honor. Now every time there’s a drive-by “dyke!” I embrace it. Plus, I love saying dyke. It sounds badass and powerful. It kinda reminds me of that song “A Boy Named Sue” by Johnny Cash.   Who do you want to say “fuck  you” to?  “Fuck you” to anyone who tries to put me in a box.  Shop Diesel’s Hate Couture Photographer: Mitchell Nguyen Mccormack.  Models: Sebastien White, Dinah Rankin, And Tj At Freedom Models. Stylist: Dani & Emma.   Hair: Paul Desmarre Using The Ouai.  Makeup: Robert Bryan Using Marc Jacobs Beauty.  Stylist Assistant: Justin Ramirez. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photo by Charlie Rubin Justine Ludwig is one of the young leading curators enterprising a new wave of female visionaries in the art world, but that descriptor alone may not be enough to honor her work. With a background holding an MA in Global Arts from Goldsmiths University of London and a BA in Art with a concentration in Art History from Colby College, Ludwig’s curatorial career has included the first US exhibition of Francis Upritchard's work at the Contemporary Arts Center in Cincinnati (CAC) and working with several distinguished artists for Dallas Contemporary including Kiki Smith, Pia Camil, Patti Smith, Shilpa Gupta, Nadia Kaabi-Linke, Pedro Reyes, and Laercio Redondo. Her work emphasizes representation, in which she highlights the work of underrepresented artists of diverse backgrounds. As the current and new executive director of Creative Time, a creative based non-profit organization responsible for commissioning major public art pieces throughout New York and across the world like the Manhattan Tribute in Light post 9/11 and Duke Riley's Fly By Night at the Brooklyn Navy Yard, she stands by their mission of bringing today’s most urgent social and political issues to light. Co-chairs of Creative Time include Mary-Kate Olsen, Olivier Sarkozy, Jon Neidich, Alessandra Brown, Alexandre de Betak and Sofia Sanchez de Betak will be in attendance at this years Creative Time Gala, a huge party to celebrate one of  the artists Justine has had the pleasure of working with —famed Mexican artist Pedro Reyes who commissioned Doomocracy, the haunted house of political horrors in 2016 with Creative Time, as well as a toast to her contributions as executive director.  The October 11th event is more than an honorary gala, but a fashion event that perfectly complements Justine’s background as a curator at Dallas Contemporary, where she curated an installation by Pia Camil that included stitched T-shirts created in Latin America sold in the US to address the two countries economic dependency.   We had a chance to chat with Justine to learn more about her work.  Work by Pia Camil How does each stage in your career lend itself to your newest endeavor?   I have lived and worked in radically different contexts during the course of my career. I have come to embrace change and have become very community centric. This has made me nimble, and provided me with an understanding of how to work with different people. I work closely with artists and enjoy supporting ambitious new projects. These are all skills that speak directly to the core values of Creative Time. What was your favorite thing about working with Pedro Reyes? Pedro and I share a mutual admiration for certain writers, architects, and artists. We are both bibliophiles, which leads to endless possibilities for stimulating conversation. Pedro has taught me to see the world in a different way. He brings a creative perspective and approach to grappling with socio-political issues.   How does your writing fit in to what you do? Writing is a strategy for working through ideas. It helps me make sense of the mad world we live in, and offers an intensified examination of artistic practice. It also is an opportunity for me to explore the relationship of larger issues, from international affairs to economics, to aesthetics. For me, writing serves as both a creative outlet and a challenge.   What drew you to Creative Time? I have admired the work of Creative Time for years. Its commitment to presenting the most ambitious projects by artists who speak as much to our sociopolitical reality as to our hopes and dreams serves a unique role within the creative landscape. Projects like Kara Walker’s A Subtlety, Paul Chan’s Waiting for Godot in New Orleans, and Pedro Reyes’s Doomocracy, to name just a few, have had a profound personal effect on me. Each has offered a new and unexpected artistic vision that challenges and inspires. These projects compel the public to contend with our fraught history as a nation and our potential to do, and be, better. Work bt Nadia Kaabi Linke As a leader what hurdles have you had to overcome so far in your career and in your more recent position? I feel we are in a moment where we need to actively redefine leadership models. We have a flattened and narrow image of what a leader looks like, perpetuated both in real life and the media. I see it as my responsibility, and that of all leaders from my generation, to complicate that narrative. I listen a lot. I approach life with humor. I believe that leaders should be patient, generous, and kind, even as they are strong and resolute.    How does not being a New Yorker play against you or for you?  My father is a native New Yorker and I grew up coming here, but acclimating to living in New York is a challenge nonetheless. It is its own ecosystem, and that takes time to adapt to. This has been the case with every new place I have moved to, and is part of the excitement. I see the city with fresh eyes and I bring a unique perspective to the table.  Why public art, what is its importance? You do not have the same restraints when working in public art that you would in a white cube space. It is an opportunity to dream big and think outside of the box. Additionally, within the realm of public art there is the opportunity to address issues of accessibility and equity directly. What is the most interesting thing about what you do, what do you enjoy the most?  The best part of what I do is having the opportunity to engage so many amazing people—from colleagues and donors to thought leaders, artists, and the audience.  Where did you develop your personal style?  My life has defined my style. My grandmother was a very chic woman who taught me to only wear things I love and that I feel authentic in. I have taken aesthetic cues from the places I have lived—from London to Dallas. I love playing with gender and geo-specificity in my wardrobe—pairing strong suits with bright textiles from India or Cowboy boots with jumpsuits.    How does your personal style play a role in what you do? For me, practicality is front and center. I like clothing that is timeless and travels easily—attire that can easily translate to different events and different parts of the world.  Work by Bani Abidi What has been your favorite exhibition you have worked on? It changes and shifts. I can honestly say I love all the exhibitions I have worked on. My most recent exhibitions are top of mind right now: Ghada Amer’s first ceramic focused exhibition, which just opened at Dallas Contemporary, and Paola Pivi’s exhibition Art with a View, opening this week at the Bass, are very close to my heart.    What has been the highlight of your career/journey thus far?  Moments of direct communal engagement with my projects have really been the moments when my heart sings.  For example, Shilpa Gupta did a performance piece titled “I want to live with no fear” as part of her 2009 exhibition at the Contemporary Arts Center. It involved thousands of balloons being handed out across the downtown area, all printed with the words “I want to live with no fear” in the artist’s handwriting. As participants took the balloons home they began to spread out across the city’s metro area, and even travel to the suburbs. As I walked home that evening my neighborhood was flooded with balloons—tied to benches or sign posts, or in the hands of residents. I still carry that moment inside of me.   Written by Charmaine Griffin Interview by Niza Metoyer Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Louis Vuitton has been entrusted to pack some of the most precious items in the world, the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam followed suit with the “Milkmaid” by Dutch painter Johannes Vermeer. This masterpiece traveled from Amsterdam to Japan in a custom-made trunk by Louis Vuitton for the exhibition “Making the Difference: Vermeer and Dutch Art” at the Ueno Royal Museum in Tokyo.  The Rijksmuseum's General Director Taco Dibbits stated, “The Rijksmuseum and Louis Vuitton share the same heritage in a passion for craftsmanship, quality, and art. We entrusted Louis Vuitton to create a unique trunk for the transport of Vermeer’s masterpiece The Milkmaid. She is one the most special women in our collection, and in this way she travels safely and in style from Amsterdam to the exhibition in Japan.“ Louis Vuitton has always shown its passion for creation and support of the arts, as well as containing a longstanding relationship with the Rijksmuseum. The two reunited through the Art of Travel for the transportation of ‘Milkmaid” sometimes referred to as “The Kitchen Maid” which is an oil-on-canvas painting depicting a domestic kitchen maid in tradition Vermeer style.  With dark undertones and bold colors. The painting showcases a maid pouring milk, in a blue apron and bold yellow top front and center with the brightly lit room framing her. Vermeer took a commonplace action and making it the subject of beauty. The first time Louis Vuitton created a custom order trunk to protect a work of art was in 1924 made in House for René Gimpel, a French art gallerist. This custom trunk allowed Gimpel to travel presenting and proposing stunning masterpieces to clients all over the world. From that point of Louis Vuitton has been trusted by many around the world to not only transport art, but supplies and belongings in luxury.  Custom trunk made for René Gimpel  The trunk handcrafted for “The Milkmaid” was adorned with the iconic monogram canvas with signature brass corners and lock. The splendor does not stop there. The interior featured bold tufted yellow fabric and personalized blue and yellow striped along the exterior to coincide with the bold colors blanketing Vermeer’s canvas.  Photos courtesy of Louis Vuitton Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    BVLGARI HERITAGE COLLECTION ADV. METAMORPHOSIS (1992-1996). “ADVERTISMENT OF CHANDRA NECKLACE IN GOLD WITH PORCELAIN AND PINK, RED, AND GREEN TOURMALINES” (1994). COURTESY OF BVLGARI.  BVLGARI. “SKETCH OF NECKLACE IN GOLD WITH EMERALD, AMETHYSTS, RUBIES AND DIAMONDS” (1989). COURTESY OF BVLGARI  BVLGARI HERITAGE COLLECTION ADV. METAMORPHOSIS (1992-1996). “SKETCH OF TUBOGAS BRACELET IN TWO-COLOUR GOLD WITH A HELLENISTIC SILVER COIN” (1982). COURTESY OF BVLGARI.  BVLGARI. “SKETCH OF CHOKER IN GOLD WITH PEARLS, EMERALDS, RUBIES AND DIAMONDS” (1988). COURTESY OF BVLGARI  This is the story of Bvlgari. You’d think it’d be about jewels and the desire to possess the jewels, or the story of a Grecian silversmith named Sotirio who desired to move West and set up a boutique on Via Condotti in Rome, or about the two brothers Paolo and Nicola descended paternally from this very silversmith, expanding the business and trained in the arcane arts of diamond cutting and fusing platinum, but it isn’t. Well, it kind of is, but not primarily. It’s about women, and the indomitable, independent power of femininity emblazoning itself upon the Russian night sky... And so we find ourselves in Moscow To desire, to be desired: This is perhaps what fundamentally makes us human. Or at least what makes being alive intriguing and worthwhile. There is not just lustful or romantic desire, or object desire—there is the desire for progress, self-actualization, emancipation, and power. There is the desire to own, to possess, to dominate. And sometimes, the desire is to create desire. “The plans  for the future are desirability,” Jean-Christophe Babin, global CEO of one of the most luxuriantly desired brands in the world—Bvlgari— alluringly states over the phone in Rome, where the company has been headquartered since 1884. “So that, more than ever, Bvlgari will be the irresistible brand.”  This is the story of Bvlgari. You’d think it’d be about jewels and the desire to possess the jewels, or the story of a Grecian silversmith named Sotirio who desired to move West and set up a boutique on Via Condotti in Rome, or about the two brothers Paolo and Nicola descended paternally from this very silversmith, expanding the business and trained in the arcane arts of diamond cutting and fusing platinum, but it isn’t. Well, it kind of is, but not primarily. It’s about women, and the indomitable, independent power of femininity emblazoning itself upon the Russian night sky... And so we find ourselves in Moscow for the landmark exhibition Tribute to Femininity, where Bvlgari has assembled the largest showing of jewels that the Kremlin, a UNESCO World Cultural and Natural Heritage Site and one of the most famed and prestigious jewelry museums in the world, has ever exhibited.  Over 500 pieces of jewelry. Sounds like a lot. But it’s actually so much more, considering that each piece of jewelry is comprised of so many individually stunning components, harnessed from nature and then meticulously crafted with an audacious vision for style and colors into historically resonant icons—say, a tiara belonging to Princess Torlonia comprised of aquamarines and diamonds; or Elizabeth Taylor’s necklace with 16 perfectly step-cut Colombian emeralds, one 23.44 carat Colombian emerald as pendant, and countless diamonds surrounding all of this; or a choker in lapis lazuli, rubies, diamonds, and sapphires; or a necklace from the Chandra collection featuring porcelain, pink, red, and green tourmalines, and gold; or a sautoir from the Monete collection in three-color gold with diamonds and featuring antique British coins—exactly 3 groats and 12 shillings from the XVI and XVII centuries.  It’s this dynamism, this combination of completely different materials and a vivid array of colors, that makes Bvlgari so unique. “It’s really the emblem of Bvlgari, to produce the latest materials and innovative techniques to create jewels,” Lucia Boscaini, Bvlgari’s Brand and Heritage Curator, gushes. Boscaini’s role at Bvlgari is integral to the identity of the company and diverse in its requirements. She oversees “all activities related to the identity of the brand and the history of the brand,” which means fastidiously maintaining the archive of papers, photographs, interviews, ensuring the preservation and care of the brand’s heritage pieces, and executing special projects, like Tribute to Femininity. Speaking more about the aforementioned Monete collection, for which Bvlgari mixes original antique coins in silver, bronze, or gold and then sets them amidst a glittering array of contemporary jewels, she continues, “Every one of them is really the perfect combination of past and future, and this to me is the reason why this line is so iconic. For the exhibition, all of these items are encased in beautiful, custom-made displays, but there are also stunning graphics that are projected on all the walls.” The projections on the Kremlin walls are stunning indeed in person, and will have many a guest vying for that boomerang selfie in front of it.  But jewels, no matter how beautiful, need to be worn to achieve their highest essence, to be brought to life, to breathe—ideally by someone who is themself not only beautiful, but strong and daring, someone whose story will only enhance the provenance of the jewelry, who will make the jewelry even more captivating for their having worn it. For Bvlgari, more often than not, these people have been women. Hence the title of the exhibition: Tribute to Femininity. Elizabeth Taylor, Anna Magnani, Anita Ekberg, Gina Lollobrigida, Princess Olimpia Torlonia—these are just a few of the women, paragons of beauty, power, audacity, and grace, whose prized collections are represented at the exhibition. “It represents one of the core values of Bvlgari—you have this powerful expression of femininity, which isn’t just about beauty, but about success, about pedigree, about strength and determination, which makes the Bvlgari clients very unique and special ladies, very much pioneers at the time and still today,” Jean-Christophe tells me.  This is perhaps most perfectly exemplified by Elizabeth Taylor,  so supremely beautiful it remains unclear whether she or the jewels benefitted more from their proximity to the other; and Taylor’s passion, unrivaled, only strengthens the significance of this relationship. In Boscaini’s words, “To Bvlgari, the link with her is really deep and authentic because she had a personal friendship with the Bvlgari brothers. And so, to us, she has been extremely relevant, not only because she was a beautiful woman and a very good actress, but because she was really a woman in control.” The word link is interesting here; in it, one may sense a kind of transcendent relationship between Taylor and her jewels, may even see her emeralds as an extension of herself. And what better display of (self) control than to give a part of You away? When she came out as a major supporter of the fight against AIDS, “she created her own charity foundation and decided to auction a few items that she was really, really linked to, because she wanted to show  a sign of her personal engagement, the real engagement,” Boscaini says. So Elizabeth Taylor sold her Bvlgari engagement ring, decorated with emerald and diamond. “And, in selling the certificate describing the number of carats, the quality of the stone—you know, the technical certificate—she hand wrote: ‘Wear it with love.’”  Much like Elizabeth Taylor, Bvlgari is a brand that gives back. Boscaini oversees these philanthropic efforts as well. In 2016 the company completed a $1.7 Million Renovation of Rome’s famed Spanish Steps, and as of last year partnered with the Zaha Hadid- designed MAXXI Museum in Rome to establish a generous annual prize for emerging artists. It’s a way for the company to define the future, much as exhibitions like Tribute to Femininity help to define its past. And here in Moscow, surveying a century of history embodied in hundreds of timeless pieces as well as more contemporary designs—just as radiant and inspiring as their predecessors, gracing new icons of femininity—we are provided a vantage of both. Alicia Vikander, one of Bvlgari’s amdassadors, strolls by, the light glinting off a radiant bracelet and necklace she’s worn for the celebratory opening. It seems the path forward for this storied company will be just as riveting as the journey it has taken so far.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Perverze is the burgeoning Tokyo-based, avant-garde street label taking off in global proportions. The brand is comprised of an on-going collaboration between creative visionaries in Japan, and founded on the retro styles of the 80s and 90s counterculture. Despite the decline of fashion retailers in recent years, Perverze is one of Japan's fastest-growing fashion startups. From shredded knits to tailored coats and bucket hats, the brand champions it's vintage aesthetic with modern functionality.  With recent media frenzy, Perverze has teamed up with Assembly NY to launch it's official U.S. presence. Starting November 15th, the Fall/Winter 2019 collection will be on display in New York's Lower East Side for a month-long showcase. Although this pop-up will be brief, Perverze has no plans to slow down any time soon. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On a mid-fall afternoon, Graham Tyler and I sat down at the High Line Hotel. Surrounded by its collegiate gothic-style architecture and mid-19th-century mementos, we reflect on the time ambiguousness of it— much like his work. Once a student of sculpture and millinery, Tyler found his craft somewhere between bespoke and ready-to-wear, although, he’s not the typical trend-leaning, Instagram-hype designer we’ve become accustomed to. Rather, he’s more introspective, and frankly, unparalleled in his skill. Blending Renaissance, Edwardian, and Victorian silhouettes, Graham modernizes each garment reference through a contemporary lens. In conversation, we spoke of his interests, inspirations, and career from past to present.  How did you decide to study sculpture at Cleveland Institute of Art, and how did that lead you to your millinery apprenticeship with Marta Glazen? I started with painting, and my work was about the body. When it came to actually choosing my major, I ended up going with sculpture because I was more interested in tactile 3d works at the time. And again, I was making a lot of things about the body. From there, I realized I really wanted to learn a craft and wanted to have a skill— a real solid craft skill set. I was looking around at what would be of interest to me, and then I became kind of obsessive about really fascinating textiles. So just in happenstance, I found a woman in Cleveland that was taking an apprentice. Her name was Marta, and she took me in very kindly, and it was very intense; it was about two years with her. Two years, for five, maybe six days a week. I learned a lot from her. She's worked with everybody, and she was wonderful.  How did you decide to switch from sculpture to hats to ready to wear? I was making headwear for a lot of different people in New York, from stylists to runway to a lot of nightlife personalities. People would constantly ask me, "Can you make a garment to go with the hats that your making?" So I thought that I probably should learn how to make clothes. I was making a lot of clothing and headwear. Then, some of the designers that I was working with for their own lines  said, "Just start your own thing."  You went on to make custom headwear for Lady Gaga, Barneys NY, Adam Selman, and Polo Ralph Lauren, to name a few. What were those experiences like? Ralph Lauren for Polo was a full-time day job, and I was doing headwear. That was a really great experience of learning the ins and outs of a brand and how a brand functions at that scale. It's especially nice to work at a brand with such a specific aesthetic. When it comes to celebrities, I work with a few different stylists and such. I largely work with Zaldy, who is a big costume designer. He used to be the designer for LAMB for Gwen Stefani. I worked with him, and it's a really great relationship because he can transfer the information and the aesthetic that they're looking for quite easily. Celebrity work can be tricky because we both come to the table with totally different aesthetics. So I try to translate their thoughts and their words through my hand, which can be kind of a tedious process. It's a lot of give and take on that, but in the end, it's fun. Speaking of costume design— have you ever considered crossing over into that category? I mean, I now understand why Christian Lacroix decided to be a costume designer. Because there's a lot more freedom in that— I don't think I would, because I don't feel that my clothes and the topics that I'm discussing in my work translate well on stage, so I probably would never become a costume designer. None of my clothes have any historical accuracy. I'm usually re-cutting a historical garment into something totally different, or I cut a jacket as a shirt, and I cut a corset as a jacket. I kind of am shifting and re-translating and re-curating things. Your silhouettes are a modern and original take on historical fashion with an emphasis on curved seams, leg of mutton sleeves, corsets, suit vests, and so on. What era's in fashion do you find most influential to you? And do you see a resurgence in antiquated-style clothing? I think the world is consistently reflexive. I think that that is relevant to me. I do see a resurgence in— at least currently, there's a lot of Victorian and Edwardian references transpiring. Especially with puffed sleeves, these are quite popular at the moment. The most recent collection was largely about Mary Shelley and her husband and the Pforzheimer collection at the New York Public Library, which focuses on 1819 to 1845. I mainly stuck to that time period as to the corsets, jackets, and shirts that I was cutting— I was referencing those styles. My work blends Renaissance, Edwardian, Victorian, and some extremely contemporary styles of cutting so that things never feel historical, and they never feel contemporary. They always feel like this very time ambiguous work, which I think is a new way of making clothes — to be very time ambiguous about the way that you're working. Overarchingly, people describe my work as being very Amish. I definitely take that as a compliment, just because I think I cut very graphic shapes, but with very tactile textiles and very hand ROT textiles- and that's kind of an Amish practice. The wonderful thing about Amish is that they look the same today as they did, and they do still.  Speaking of your SS20 collection, "The Origin of Failure," what's the meaning behind this title? It's a long, drawn-out situation. Though the collection was about the Pforzheimer collection and Mary Shelley and her husband, it also was in tandem with trying to figure out what contemporarily is a Romantics approach to making things. I was really inspired by glitch art — also, the act of being romantic about pixelated data. A lot of the prints were all glitched out. I was glitching the images with the love letters. I was typing the love letters into the code of the photos and glitching them through that by putting too much data into the back end. So the long drawn out part of it is that there's only one real piece of critical academic writing about the glitch art that's called The Aesthetics of Post-Digital Objects, I believe. It refers to a glitch as the origin of failure. I was really fascinated by that term. Also, it's terminology as linked to Mary Shelley's obsession with failure in her book and most of her literature, but especially in Frankenstein. What were some of your other points of inspiration for the collection?  I was looking at one specific love letter, which is dated August 23rd — my birthday, that Mary Shelley's husband sent to her. Then when he passed away, she rewrote it, and the rewritten version is at the library. That was the main graphic, and then I referenced for the styles that I was cutting a few original Parisian fashion magazines from the early 1800s, these little women's books. Then a diary-slash-entertainment book that a woman named Anne Wagner kept, and I created a dress using her entire book that I reprint. That dress now will be in the permanent collection of the Phorzheimer. They have bought it, and it'll be the only piece of contemporary clothing that exists in their archive, which is really wonderful. Those are the main things that I was focusing on visually.  Do you have a favorite piece from this collection? The jacquard triptych. The three-piece suit that had their love letters and embroidered into it was my favorite look. That garment is made with this new technology that I'm working on with a computer weaving company in California to be able to create jacquard garments with no wastage. That's how the Mary Shelley corset was also created. They normally create a lot of wastage to make that work.  Art plays an innate influence in your work. Do you prefer antiquity or modern art? It's a big mix in between. I don't think there's an art style that I don't like for the most part, but I'm not a big Surrealist fan. There are a few artists that I'm always thinking about, but I only look at historical art when it's when it pertains to a specific topic. I know the Smithsonian Institution in DC was an important gallery to you growing up. What's your favorite museum today? As a child, we went to that museum almost every summer in DC. There's a Vermeer room that was important to me, and the room about Alexander Calder in the Modern was significant for me as a kid. The feeling of uncanniness inspired me in his work. I recently went to the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum. That was probably the most fantastic art experience I've had because it's really beautiful to experience art of that nature and of that caliber on non-white institutional walls. What are some of your favorite art movements and painters? My favorite artist is Joseph Cornell, who created these incredible little boxes filled with objects. He dealt with melancholy, nostalgia, and love in the same way that I do. I have a soft spot for miniatures and small works of art. I am more inspired by the underpaintings of paintings than I am of the paintings themselves. The color palettes from my work are based on Versailles' underpaintings, which are black and white paintings that they do before they do the painting on top. Any of the artists in the Baroque time period did that a lot. I look at Baroque paintings and Baroque unfinished works of art quite often. I also look at Jasper Johns work a lot. Currently, there's an artist Jefferson Hayman. He's a photographer, and he does these really beautiful little photographs that are my current obsession. Your last two collections have focused on the use of muted colors. Why are you more drawn to grays and blacks, and do you plan on reintroducing color in future collections? I'm partially color blind, and managing all of those colors was very hard for me. I realized I was in a very different place at that point in time. The short answer is no; I won't be going back to color. I consider those first two collections iterations of me attempting to figure out what I wanted to make. Then the most recent collections are me telling the world what I am making and what I am planning to continue to make. Gray, black and white will always be the base, and I will softly incorporate beiges and taupes and rusts, and some kind of soft lilacs. Everything else will stay rooted in those colors. I also like that you could, in theory, take any piece from those collections and moving forward be able to put them together because colors will always match up. I think that's important for the people who look at the clothes and also wear them. How do you achieve your impeccable tailoring? What's your trial and error process like while developing silhouettes each collection? My suits are sewn by hand. They are quite meticulously sewn, and I make all of the patterns and samples.  I keep everything really structured, largely just because I'm drawn to those really aesthetic lines. It was more so a very long learning curve to have to teach myself how to sew a suit like that. I was looking at a lot of old designer suits who made stunning haute couture suits. That's where I learned how to make the ones that I make now. So what's next?  I'm launching e-commerce in the next month or so with some of our core styles and shapes. I am really focusing on the dress shirts. That's kind of everyone's favorite item from us. I'm currently in the Elaine Gold Launch Pad program, so lots of things to come through the CFDA and the EGLP. Then I am already starting the textile development process. The process is very long, and we create entirely new textiles every season, almost every textile is exclusive to the brand. I'm in the process of ideation and also agreements between what collection I'm going to be allowed to use next. There's a lot of logistical things with these collections, so I'm working on what collection I'll be using next. Clothing: Graham Tyler ‘The Origin of Failure’ Produced and Directed by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: Jack Belli Styled by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Mia Varrone Model: Inga Dezhina at Supreme Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Veronica Vilim, Luka Sabbat. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Frida Aasen, Laquan Smith, Daniela Braga, Robin Holzken. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Lion Babe. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Beau Jangless. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  LaQuan Smith. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Aamito Lagum. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA Photo by Avi Gill Last Thursday, New York designer LaQuan Smith and cherub denim brand, Jordache, celebrated its capsule collection at Cipriani's private club, Socialista. Elsa Hosk, Luka Sabbat, Danielle Herrington, and Elisa Johnson, to name a few, sported their Jordache x LaQuan Smith looks as they wined, dined, and grooved to an impromptu performance by Lion Babe. The collaboration, displayed in Smith's Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, is inspired by the NYC nightlife, offering a fresh and reinterpreted version of Jordache's playful denim silhouettes. To view the full collection debuted in LaQuan Smith SS20 click here. Photo by Avi Gill Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Kelcie Schofield is the founder and designer of the contemporary clothing label, CIE Denim. Conceived in 2018, Kelcie fills a gap in her industry by reusing and reworking pre-existing denim as well as solidifying a new and less toxic manufacturing process. Whether it’s restructured silhouettes, deadstock materials, or Naveena Mills’ cutting edge Horizon fabric, CIE represents the future of manufactured denim in our increasingly destructive global climate.  In addition to responsible garments, Kelcie melds this effort with creative design applications— each piece one of a kind. With flipped pockets on the ankle hem, an upside-down jean fit, and color-blocked seams, each design reflects a unique twist on traditional denim norms. Post Spring/ Summer 2020 presentation, Flaunt spoke with Schofield to discuss the past, present, and future of CIE Denim. Tell us about the inception of CIE. CIE was started from our two core silhouettes - our upside-down jeans and shorts. I wanted to create an item that made heads turn (literally) but could also be worn day to day. How do you aim to be a new and unique voice in the industry of denim? Every piece we come out with should have something that gives it an extra spark. We’re here to make unique investment pieces that you feel good about buying.  How do you view sustainability as an essential component of the current fashion climate? That’s exactly how I view it - an essential component. Sustainability, for me, is a non-negotiable for any new business to find success in the current climate. Since I launched CIE in 2018, there has been a noticeable change in the industry and how customers view their clothing.  What are your efforts in regards to sustainability? Explain your “slow-fashion” philosophy. I have two sustainable mediums I work with right now. The first and the essence of what built CIE is reworked vintage. Even for our knits, we reworked Hanes T-shirts. Using fully recycled materials creates an exciting challenge for each style that I enjoy working through. For the sustainably manufactured denim that we source through Naveena Mills, we do fully “new” jeans made entirely from the Naveena fabric as well as combining the new fabric with vintage materials.  How do you believe denim will evolve in years to come? I think sustainability will continue to be a driving force in the denim industry. My hope is that companies established and emerging will embrace responsible practices. It’s slowly transitioning, but it’s not quite there yet.  What’s next for CIE? More learning and growing! We plan to push the brand into unexplored territories, whether it’s new materials or new silhouettes.  Clothing: CIE Denim SS20 Photography by: Phoenix Johnson Model: Lyn Hersh Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli. Creative director Wil Beedle hosted an event in honor of AllSaints 25th anniversary.  Accompanied by musical guests such as Flaunt Fave Arsun Sorrenti, the night was a classic celebration at Chateau Marmont’s bungalow 1. Hoards of the coolest kids hung out chain smoking by the pool while a DJ set by Hateboy got the rocking crowd weirding out to some house tracks. The influence soaked crowd included Ariel Beesley, Bec Adams, Ally HilFiger, Amanda Steele, Eddie Mitsou, Gavin Turek, Finneas, Kate Parfet, Kilo Kish, Marta Pozzan, Rainsford, Salem Mitchell, Sara Cummings Zach VIlla, and a host of other Beauts. Photographed by David Vassalli. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The contemporary retail concept, Maiden Name, is the brainchild of Alix Freireich, and David Lê. While the founders met at Vassar College, they reunited to bridge a gap in the interconnected realm of e-commerce. With assistance from Jesse Hudnutt and Susan Lee, the four embark on a journey to reconnect the roots which link fashion and fine art.  Following a seasonal calendar, Maiden Name will organize its collections as an online, and interdisciplinary group show; showcasing exclusive artist collaborations alongside in-house women’s apparel. Like a chest full of curated gold, Maiden Name may hold the key to your future treasures.  In a recent conversation, Flaunt spoke with the founders to discuss the start of this forward-thinking, art formed, and eco-minded community. Tell us about the genesis of your retail concept, Maiden Name. Maiden Name really emerged out of our own sense that we didn't have a place where we loved to shop. It also came out of an acknowledgment that we spend a lot of time shopping and consuming media online, and those activities all seem to take place in the same dead, zombified e-comm context. So when we found ourselves with an opportunity to share work we love, made by people we love, alongside the apparel we make, it felt like there was an opening to use e-comm differently. We call ourselves "Maiden Name" because we want to highlight the people and stories (the "maiden names") that usually get erased when things enter the public sphere. And we wanted to keep this feminist gesture, insisting on a kind of independence, even as we credited those that came before us. Tihngs by Eric Oglander Photo by David Behl What are your thoughts on the link between fine art and fashion? We think about this a lot, in part because we need to protect the fine artists we work with, and an association with fashion can make their work seem trivial. That's just a fact, even though, by and large, we think it's bunk. We think of artist/designers like Sonia Delaunay, or photographers like Grete Stern and Ilse Bing, who all straddled the worlds of art and fashion and did great work (a full century before Sterling Ruby and Cindy Sherman!). That's why we highlight them on our Instagram @maiden.name.store. But we do recognize the need to let art and fashion excel on their own terms. We want to produce fashion that's technically perfect, that's beautiful. Our objects are freer, in some ways, to be about other things––they can be "about" history; they can be weird, or conceptual. What unifies everything is our sense of our customer's needs––they want beautiful, thoughtful, well-made clothes, and they want to collect beautiful, thoughtful, and well-made objects. What influenced the first womenswear collection? The collection draws on Alix's archival research, so it brings together 19th-century reference pieces and touches of the 1970s, modernized and rendered in high-quality materials. The Zoe Shirt, for example, is modeled on an Edwardian grandfather shirt that was still in great condition because it was made in silk. Ours is silk too, and we hope it also lasts a century. We describe the core concept as "70s Renaissance Fair," which sounds odd, but the end products are all meant to be totally wearable and versatile. We want them to be sexy and smart. And it felt like that was missing from what's out there now.   How does sustainability play a part in your collections? Sustainability is core to what we're trying to achieve. We make everything here in NYC, so it's a local supply chain. We use deadstock material, and because our production runs are so small, the wastage is minimal. More broadly, we need to slow consumption down (which is an odd thing for a fashion company to acknowledge). But we want customers to buy less and buy better. Our next step is to scale up in ways that will allow us to ensure sustainability from raw materials to end product. That's a challenge, particularly when you're small. You feature collaborative work with Paul Arnhold’s hand-blown glass and Eric Oglander’s collection of 19th and 20th-century folk art. What prompted the choice of these artists for your first collection?  Paul is a dear friend making very beautiful work here in Brooklyn. That was a no-brainer. We found Eric through his "Craigslist Mirrors" project (@craigslist_mirrors) his Instagram-based collection of images, sourced from Craigslist, of mirrors for sale. We thought that was brilliant. And his Tihngs project is too. Both Eric and Paul have such distinct points of view (and are making work that is almost diametrically opposed, formally). So they seemed like great partners to open the collection with. Indigo Vase by Paul Arnhold Photo by David Behl What are your favorite pieces from your inaugural collection? We love the Tamara Top. It almost verges into historical costume, but doesn't, and ends up being so cool. We also love the Tramp Box, which is sculptural, and modern, and old at the same time, and the Graffiti Vase, which is kind of a twisted take on Paul's other work. And we love the framed set of Leung Kui Ting prints––they look simple, but the more time you spend with them, the more you like them. That's always the real test when you collect.  How do you envision the growth of Maiden Name? I think first and foremost we want Maiden Name to build out the line beyond shirting. We also want to have more of a physical presence. It's hard to communicate something like the perfect fit, or the beauty of hand painting without having people see things in the real world. At the same time, we want to expand our digital presence and knit together a community, folding in our friends in Berlin (at the end of 2019) and then with more cities in 2020. Photography by: Matt Grubb Styling by: Gabriel Held Model: Fiffany Luu Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   While the fashion industry is backed by an insatiable appetite for the new, we find ourselves in a current climate of trying to stay well-fed, while simultaneously reminding ourselves the importance of sustainability. These three young designers have found a way to bring forth something innovative, while also holding themselves accountable. We have Bethany Williams, conceptualizing clothing with a focus on social issues, Christopher John Rogers, designing for those influencing radical change, and Emily Adams Bode, sourcing from the past to create something for the now. Interviewed by Mui-Hai Chu Photo courtesy Bethany Williams What drew to design? My love for fabric construction, and how design can be used to find solutions. I read your mom help knit and create pieces for you. Was she ever in fashion as well? She used to be a pattern cutter for factory in Liverpool,  and now she does soft furnishings and she also does my netting as well. Obviously your family is really important to you. You grew up in Liverpool?  I was born in Liverpool but then I grew up on the Isle of Man. It’s such a small tight-knit community. Loads of things are locally produced and there weren’t many main stores growing up. How do you describe your design process? It always starts with an issue I am trying to solve and then we work with a charity that tries to talk about that issue. What issues are you looking forward to promoting? I think for the next collection I’m working with a charity that makes temporary housing for women and children. Who would you say are your inspiration or muses? I love other designers like Walter Van Beirendonck I’ve been a massive fan girl for a while. Do you have any type of life inspiration outside of fashion? I do like artists like Egon Schiele. I really love his work. My inspiration is probably my family.  What do you think are the bigger challenges you face trying to be sustainable? I think sourcing is a massive one, as is pricing, and having things available. How do you decide to up-cycle a piece? How does the process come about?  It kind of depends on the project we’re doing. We will be doing the collection and there are staples that we always upcycle. I’m trying to introduce more and more. Where do you hope to see yourself in the next five years? I would like to start my own social manufacturing project in the UK. Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy  Christopher John Rogers To start at the beginning, what drew you to design?  Anime, manga, and cartoons—especially people with special powers. The ability for clothing to help people self-actualize and to give them a newfound confidence. You grew up in Louisiana. What effect, if any, did growing up in the south have on your creative evolution?   A real sense of polish and refinement is found in the South – especially in the Black Church. Spending time with my mother and grandmother in church helped me curate an eye for the finish and cut of clothing and has been an inspiration for me ever since. How would you describe your design process?  I'd describe it as visceral. Although I try to be strategic, I'm ultimately extremely influenced by my intuition, emotion, and heavily inspired by color. As a recent graduate, what is the best advice you've received from your mentors at SCAD?  Work hard and stay true to yourself. There are always people that might be more talented or more privileged than you, but hard work and humility know no bounds.  Where do you find inspiration? Everywhere! Debris on the side of the street, mid-century couture, things my friends are wearing, et You've dressed people from Cardi B to Michelle Obama. Having worked with so many influential figures, is there a lasting moment with one that stands out to you the most?  To work with a woman that's equally revered for her intellect and passion, as well as her individualistic sense of style, is definitely a highlight. My family was also extremely proud of me, so that's a plus! Where do you see the fashion industry headed in the next 5 years?  A sense of increased accountability and transparency that's come with the proliferation of social media. I think we're going to see a complete upheaval of the traditional ways of showing and interacting with fashion. Tell us about your fall collection.  Stonehenge, quinceañeras, and Dr. Seuss. What's next?  Everything! We're working on our Spring 2020 collection and are also finalists for the CFDA Vogue Fashion Fund, so we're working our tails off! Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Where are you from, and how has that made an impression on you creatively? I’m from Atlanta. My parents were from Massachusetts, so I spent a lot of time in Cape Cod. I have this juxtaposition of New England and the South. The effect Atlanta had on me was not only the southern hospitality, but a lot about celebrating craft and culture. Tell us about the moment you knew you wanted to become a designer.   In high school, I was taking extracurricular art classes, like how to draw, technical fashion. I also took a croquis drawing class, and it must’ve been junior year that I knew that I wanted to be a designer as a career choice. I went to Parsons for menswear design and I went to Eugene Lang for philosophy. In what ways does the study of philosophy and your interest in fashion design connect? I think it’s primarily the way that I come up with a narrative for the season, and what sorts of questions in culture—my culture, other people’s culture and tradition—should be asked and should be addressed. How to talk about the historical narrative around clothing, and dressing. You’re known for re-contextualizing materials in a lot of your garments, many of which are vintage textiles. How did you get into the textile portion of it? Since I was a little kid, I had been interested in buying antiques and all of the historical narratives alongside that. We would go to all of these antique markets in Atlanta, and flea markets in New England, in and around Massachusetts. Why design menswear? I went to school for it, but I’ve always been interested in designing for someone outside of myself. Tell us about your fall collection. That collection was inspired by a narrative around gallerist Todd Alden, who is an ephemera dealer in downtown New York. I worked with him and talked to him about his life, collecting, what sorts of things inspired him to collect, where he lives, history of that location, his family history, how he came to become a curator, and the moment he opened his own gallery. Where abouts do you find inspiration? Following the life of someone and their relationship to objects, the domestic space, and the traditions that have shaped their lifestyle. Do you ever see yourself getting into womenswear? Not right now. We have a bunch of stores that pick it up as women’s, but it is traditionally a menswear brand. In the future maybe we’ll have a different conversation around that. What’s next?  Right now, we’re working on production, but really building out our own manufacturing space. Most of the collections we make in New York is made in our own studio, so building that out is the next step.  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Images courtesy Bethany Williams. Images courtesy Christopher John Rogers. Images courtesy Emily Adams Bode.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. A brand that makes style, comfort, and practicability a priority while making sure to evoke confidence, Knorts recently launched a new collection called, Scarlet Knorts. Color is the main factor of enhancing the garments’ attributes. Traditionally, Knorts has used the color blue which represents calmness, coolness, stability, and reliability, which are all components of confidence and is the signature color of their denim wear.  Knorts’ new capsule collection, Scarlet Knorts, incorporates the feelings associated with the color red. This collection aims to evoke strength, warmth, comfort, love, and power into the customers’ everyday life. Befitting to their aim, these characteristics can also support the feeling of confidence. There are future plans to create more color capsules to keep both the brand and wearers in an emotional equilibrium. This launch is partially used to spread awareness about California fires with 10% of proceeds from the Scarlet Knorts collection being donated to fire aid services.  Shop the new collection here    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   As I walk in the flagship Messika store, I’m greeted with smiles, macarons and diamonds. Immediately I felt that I had entered a world of femininity and style. The pieces are beautiful and delicate, yet powerful. Messika is an iconic jewelry brand worn by celebrities like  Rhianna, Penelope Cruz, and even Serena Williams during her training session. Valerie Messika, founder of the brand, created the trend of “everyday diamonds.” Much of Valérie’s inspiration comes from art, playing with a Calder sculpture in her father's office, absorbing from his collection various details of line, movement, color, composition, which have shaped her overall sense of form and proportion. I got the opportunity to chat with Valarie and try on some of the most gorgeous pieces of jewelry I’ve ever seen.  Why did you choose LA for your flagship store?  We are a family business so we are very intuitive and organic on how we do our business. We met a partner here in Los Angeles called Westime. They are very strong in the jewelry and watch industry. They work with Richard Mille and Audemars Piguet. They are also strong with red carpets in Hollywood so we decided it would be a good idea to open our first flagship store here. What do you hope the new store will bring to the brand?  I’m so excited because I can smell that the Americans in this area love jewelry. But they want something easy to wear, cool and light. This is the Messika philosophy; bringing a coolness to wearing jewelry that is very fine and delicate.  The workmanship and quality of the diamond is the top, but it’s cool. You can enjoy it and wear it everyday or on a big occasion. You can mix it with a casual or sophisticated style.  What was it like having Kate Moss as a muse? The moment I launched my brand 15 years ago I knew she was my muse and inspiration. She's really iconic for me. She embodies femininity, fashion and style. When I launched my brand and the philosophy I wanted to break the traditional code of jewelry. It was made for big occasions, but I wanted to make it apart of fashion and style. That’s why women like Kate Moss are so strong for me.   How would you explain the woman in the street wearing Messika?  The strength of Messika is that the women wearing it range from 18 to 70 years old. I love when I see different types of women wearing it with different styles. It’s not that we are putting a logo on the woman. We can see the personality and the style they embody with the pieces. It’s not about how rich or strong you are. It’s about the feeling and attitude that you have with your own style. It gives you self-confidence.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On Wednesday we celebrated Benetton’s new pop up shop in Santa Monica with prosecco and polaroids. Benetton Group is one of the best-known fashion companies in the world with a network of about 5,000 stores and a headquarters in Ponzano Veneto. The brand is known for its bright colors, the revolution of the retail outlet, and their unique sales network.  The new collections embody both the old and the new, featuring an exciting fusion of its classic colorful style with its newer streetwear-inspired elements. The artistic direction of Jean-Charles de Castelbajac, who is known for his iconic teddy bear coat worn by Madonna and portraits of Andy Warhol, shines through the recent collections. He recently united with the Benetton Group earlier this year, which was announced at Milan Fashion Week. He announced backstage that “The DNA of Benetton and mine have many similarities…this meeting between us is happening at the right moment, too, because this idea that desirable things can be of good quality and be affordable to many people is very interesting now…Benetton has been sleeping a little bit. But it has all this sleeping potential. And its base is very strong.”  Bring some color into your life and visit the pop up open from October 25 through November 24th!  Santa Monica Place Floor 1  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Courtesy Hublot With Halloween around the corner, Hublot stirred the cauldron to create a sapphire and emerald green Big Bang MP-11 watch. To give it its unique shade of green (not quite emerald and not quite sapphire), they used a material that has never been used in a watchcase. The material is called SAXEM, which is short for sapphire aluminum oxide and rare earth material. It is a mixture of aluminum oxide (the basic component of sapphire) with rare-earth elements like thulium and holmium.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   KAIMIN is the raising utopian brand initiating the posterity of attire. With a foundation of innovation and inclusivity, the namesake designer may well be sent from the future— sent back a couple of hundred years to propel the industry forward. Harnessing the power of the digital space, and the resourcefulness of sustainability, KAIMIN crafts intergalactic garments with a cunning dose of raunchiness. In a recent interview, Flaunt spoke with the avant-garde designer to discuss the evolution of the label, cyberspace, and the forecast of tech-induced fashion.  Tell us about the creation of the brand with your business partner Dmitri Pchelintsev. My initial foray into clothing design came in 2014 with the Zero Zero Vol. 02 project – a multi-sensory, high-tech video popup exhibition with an installation by Snarkitecture, which I was the protagonist of and also directed alongside stylist Nicola Formichetti and photographer Miles Aldridge. We had the honor of presenting the Vol. 02 book at my beloved Paris store, Colette. As part of that project, I created a stand-alone clothing capsule for the female character, and a very prominent singer ended up wearing some of my pieces in her music video. I felt compelled to create a full collection, and my very good friend Dmitri, who helped produce that very pivotal Zero Zero project, really believed in me as a designer, so we formed the KAIMIN label together in 2016. Dmitri is a creative marketer and business operator who happens to have a very strong background in finance, having spent many years at some of Wall Street's premier institutions investing in renewables, green-tech, and sustainability. Having helped grow several tech-enabled startups, he now oversees all of KAIMIN's business strategy and operations, while leading our expansion as a digitally-native brand, including the recent launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line.  How have innovation and inclusivity played essential roles in the brand? Innovation and inclusivity go hand-in-hand for me, as tolerance for new and crossover ideas breeds progress. KAIMIN leans heavily on technology in everything we do, and aesthetically we work with all types of creatives, communities, and personalities because anyone can uncover something new and beautiful, irrespective of age, race, and gender.  Besides using innovative materials, production techniques, and data analytics, the brand benefits from social media's global reach and the unprecedented direct access to talent that it affords. The Internet is a boundless creative nursery of young innovators that come from all different realms, including art, fashion, music – we love and fully utilize this cross-functionality. I grew up an outlier in a homogeneous society, so I feel my clothes have to speak to things beyond style and promote ideals that are important to me, including social and economic inclusivity, as I feel everyone deserves a voice. In addition to connecting through unrestrained creativity, I try to make items that are more accessible, including from an economic standpoint, and which still adhere to my design and high-quality philosophy – we launched SLFF KAIMIN exactly for this. What facets of New York's underground scene make appearances in your garments? The New York underground scene has this alluring aura of the forbidden, with sexier and darker undertones and the sense of a risque adventure that is addicting. During our SS20 show, for instance, we contrasted the primarily bright and colorful collection with a very dark and sexy setting, aiming for the set design to evoke a feeling of an underground party with red backlighting and a minimal, heavy electronic soundtrack. NYC subculture is edgy, extremely diverse, and creative and demonstrates some of the greatest social acceptance anywhere in the world, which really allows me to meld it with high fashion in a fun way. I love working with established as well as cool new, up-and-coming artists and personalities that grew up in this environment— I draw a lot of inspiration here for my design, music, lifestyle, and the overall direction for KAIMIN. The digital world is a key influence to the brand, hence your Fall/ Winter 2019 collection, "2081: CYBER-ORDINARY". What were your main inspirations and references for that season? Our Fall/ Winter 2019 collection explored archetypes of future beauty and was heavily influenced by such films as Blade Runner and Ex-Machina, specifically their protagonists – androids and cyborgs. I'm a total believer in the eventual symbiosis of man and machine.  In large part, that collection was about defeating the mundane and exploring and strengthening that which sets one apart, no matter the era. If today's fever pitch around privacy, sexual correctness, censorship, etc. ever leads to a dystopian control of self-expression, I'd want my clothes to declare: "when the extraordinary is outlawed, only the outlaws will be extraordinary." What's your view on cyberspace and it's distraction from the real world? I think we're in uncharted waters, and we won't be able to properly assess how good or bad this "distraction" from the real world is for a while, if ever. The cyber is already the real. There are definitely multiple ways to look at this, and it's certainly also a generational thing— just look at the debate around "screen time" for kids among young parents and scientists and the interesting arguments presented by media proponents, including Gary Vaynerchuk. All I know is that this is the manifestation of human progress, and there's no way back regardless, but to me, the benefits outweigh the potential hazards. We are now superbly equipped for improved communication and increased input – although, where the quality of consumed content, general overexposure, and the "3-second" wars are going is a different question.  For KAIMIN, Elon Musk's Neuralink can't arrive fast enough! What were your conceptions involving the recent Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, "INTROSPECTIVE PRISM"? This season, our main collection shared the runway with the launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line, which celebrates self-confidence and self-expression. The overall creative direction was influenced by the sub-conscience theories of Sigmund Freud and films like Annihilation, aiming to expose inner fears to release suppressed identity and desires— literal empowerment through self-discovery.  The collection explores two distinct notions for evolution of human form – through technology and through biological mutation. From the outside, the driver is mechanical – artificial furthering of self via machine. From the inside, the driver is bio-spiritual-- the natural furthering of self via selective mutation of flesh and mind— a physical metamorphosis through the unrestrained self. This season's motto is: "Introspective Prism – Refract all versions of self, Mutate desire and identity, Evolve in spirit and form." With our current climate reality, how do you plan to focus the brand on a more sustainable level? Being on the cutting edge is important to us to both achieve a futuristic design and to help push progress, validating applications of new technologies. We always keep an eye on the new tech that has shown promise in helping to lower the environmental impact of manufacturing, and we try to do our part by using many recycled, sustainable, and organic materials, including Better Cotton Initiative fabrics in our SLFF KAIMIN denim line. As we grow, we will continue to place greater emphasis on better production practices, safer materials, and less waste. Explain some of the laser cutting, production techniques, and 3-D print experiments that are implemented throughout your garment construction process. KAIMIN utilizes quite a bit of technology for manufacturing, content production, and branding, including 3D printing, laser cutting, digital art, AR/VR, motion tracking, etc. and we always seek to emphasize our future-forward thinking in our designs. For garment construction, we use some techniques because they create unexpected and groundbreaking visual results, while other methods actually make sense from a time and capital-intensity perspective.  We're pushing the brand's tech boundaries with the "Stratasys x KAIMIN" 3D-Print Denim Capsule Collection— the first time ever an industrial-quality 3D geometry is printed directly onto denim. We designed the intricate CGI geometry, multi-depth opacity, and colormap in collaboration with Fitchwork to make the final print. Stratasys are pioneers in the additive manufacturing space and have some of the most advanced 3D printing technology in the industry, accompanied by an inherent desire to experiment and come up with something new and cool. They wish to make everyday life better by bringing 3D printing technology to a greater part of the world faster and disrupting the fashion realm is quite big on the radar of Stratasys global creative director, Naomi Kaempfer— so what better way to help assimilate and democratize the tech for clothing than with one of the most common garments, jeans! How do you envision the future of fashion norms? I'd like to think that the future will bring abundance and innovation not just in the material sense but also in our culture and thinking, where humans will finally reach total equilibrium with nature, and each other— no prejudices— and KAIMIN clothing is but one way to represent this future. Like everything else in our society, fashion will continue to be transformed by technology, faster and more accessible information transfer, and diverse global audiences. This, of course, means a lot will change in fashion's tangible areas, like materials with never-before-imagined physical properties, more efficient production techniques, the continued proliferation of smart garments, and increased expectations of what clothing should do for the body and mind. But, to me, the most interesting changes are already occurring on the more intangible, creative side. People's unprecedented ability to communicate who they are has opened up new frontiers. In only a few years, social media exposed how varied yet similar and interconnected different cultures' tastes are, and how people of all walks of life can become influential by traversing these different planes. Being skilled in multiple areas has become the norm for many young creatives today, and this 'polymathism' affects fashion a lot. There are so many cross-functional innovators out there, and fashion definitely benefits from this, becoming more interesting and multifaceted.  What's next for KAIMIN? KAIMIN's mission is to keep innovating ourselves and keep collaborating with people that push the boundaries across the various artistic disciplines and product segments. We want to be more cross-functional and would love to do more than just fashion, even if it's in a more non-permanent format like seasonal collaborations. I wish to meet and inspire more people and to learn from them so we can all come up with a never-before-seen symbiosis of unlikely fields that not only is cool but also could change lives for the better and bring signature KAIMIN flavor to people in more than one way. With that said, I hope to continue building our artistic community and form a creative confluence platform – a culture nebula for local and global artists – to support innovation. To that end, we have already established an endowment fund some time ago, via our Zero Zero Project initiative, which periodically disperses funds to help finance targeted projects. And in that same vein, KAIMIN presented the SS20 show in collaboration with Studio 525, an iconic exhibition & event space housed in the former Andrea Rosen Art Gallery in Chelsea, as the inaugural project for Studio 525 Art Accelerator, which has a very similar vision to ours and aims to provide a physical place for work and showcases to artists and the creative community in general. Produced by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: : Franco Velastiqui Art Direction by: Delfina Pia Rey Styling by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Kevin Cheah Model: Cassie Priestley at Next Models. Styling assistance by: Sabrina Aguirre and Mila Sanguinetti  Credits: FW19 KAIMIN clothing, and GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI heels. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. MAX MARA dress, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. VERSACE dress, earrings, and rings and AGENT PROVOCATEUR underwear. ETRO dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, B-LOW THE BELT belt, and NANCY NEWBERG earrings. HALPERN dress, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring, and ERINESS ring. MAX MARA sweater and dress, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. PREEN BY THORNTON BREGAZZI dress, B-LOW THE BELT belt and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings. ALESSANDRA RICH dress and necklace and MIU MIU earrings all available at MatchesFashion.com, and NANCY NEWBERG rings. AGENT PROVOCATEUR slip dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace and ring, ALINA ABEGG earrings, and STATE PROPERTY pearl ring. ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER dress and scarf, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings and ring. PALOMO SPAIN jacket available at Please Do Not Enter, LA, ALINA ABEGG ring, and MISHO earring. Photographer: Vince M. Aung.  Model: Inga Dezhina. Stylist: Mui-Hai Chu.  Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co. & Oribe Hair Care at Nest Artists.  Makeup: Natasha Severino using NARS Cosmetics at Forward Artists.  Production, Photo, and Styling Assistant: Corrine Ciani Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Being Sustainably responsible in 2019 now means making some changes with how designers are choosing their resources. The female founders behind 42|54 and long time friends Elodie Ouedraogo and Olivia Borlee are both Belgian Gold metal athletes, and now business partners who strongly believe in that type of fashionably responsible involvement. It took them two a clean 42.54 seconds to win a Silver Medal at the Olympic Games in Beijing 2008. That Silver medal turned into Gold, when the winning team was disqualified due to a failed drug test. It was abundantly clear that dirty athletes have no place in sports. That’s when the Gold medalists decided they wanted to make a change. “Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes!” The contemporary active label launched its first 100% sustainable FW19 capsule collection  made of plastic bottles and recycled ocean waste. They believe that great design should also be sustainable. The brand teamed up with renowned textile companies who propose fabrics made from a fiber called SEAQUAL and NEWLIFE recycled from ocean plastics to create the new high-end "made from waste" active wear line that asserts the modern streetwear appeal.  The founders make a conscious effort to be an honest and transparent brand, by largely working with local manufacturers and suppliers.  Elodie and Olivia’s next steps will also be 100% sustainable using organic yarns working with GOTS (Global Organic Textile Standards) certified factories, hang tags produced with recycled paper along with recycled fabrics developed with fibers using the oceans waste and plastic bottles. They both are devoted to giving a second life to stock and leftover fabrics from previous productions along with biodegradable packaging. The The fashion-forward duo provide advanced functionality while calling themselves a "100% sustainable company in the way we work, produce, and live." Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. What was your biggest fear about starting your own line? We believe there are a lot of similarities between the world of sports and fashion. It is about being fearless,  following the process put in place while listening to your gut feeling at the same time to achieve the absolute best. It is about taking a leap of faith in yourself, your partner and your idea. For us creating an activewear collection that was high-end, transcendent  and made in honest and transparent conditions Felt like a void that needed to be filled within our community. There was a clear vision, which was bring some fun and fashion back into the world of sports without ignoring the functional and technical side of the garments. When we decided to launch 42|54, a reference to our winning time during the 2008 Olympics, we didn't really think about it as we both love a great challenge. We just jumped, head first.  There was a lack of experience. (We had both been guest designers for other brands, but came quickly to the realization that this doesn't even come close to owning and managing a brand.)  With that lack of real experience sometimes came also the fear of not being taken seriously. In the beginning we went probably over prepared into ever meeting we had. Not only out of respect for the person sitting in front of us, but also because we wanted to show that we were serious about entrepreneurship.  That we understood that there are no shortcuts to success Initially we also didn't communicate a lot about our backstory either. We didn't want to be perceived as two women who were the faces of the brand, while having an entire team waiting in the back to do the real and hard work. From the beginning we sourced every fabric, button, zipper, label or elastic band you'll find in our collection. Through (sometimes) expensive mistakes and failure we learned a lot. And today we are an authentic brand and a viable business because of it. Aside from the activewear, what other sustainable efforts are being practiced within your company? 42|54 has always been mindful of how and where we produce. After having represented our country in the best way possible in sports it only seemed logical to carry out the strong identity and values that Belgium has created with 'The Antwerp Six' in the world of fashion. We worked a lot with local suppliers. This put our brand already at a 50% of sustainability, solely based on the business decisions we made from the very beginning. Last year we were able to evolve in our sustainable journey by replacing already locally created fabrics by sustainable ones. We also adapted our online service by working with Repack. Repack is a company that offers reusable bags. For every bag clients return to us after their purchase, they receive a small discount. We on the other hand can recover the packaging for a new customer. Additionally we switched to biodegradable labels, we don't use plastic bottles in the office and work with a cleaning company that only uses natural and biological cleaning products. All the employees who live in Brussels, where we are based, walk or take their bike to work.  What was the moment or person that inspired you to produce your own line? We have always looked up to and been inspired by strong female athletes and more so in the 80's and 90's. These were absolute fun times where athletes didn't only stand out with their extraordinary performances, but also by the way the dressed on the field. Women like Florence Griffith and Jackie Joyner-Kersee wore leotards, belted bodysuits, one-legged  and lace leggings. They highlighted their personalities with exciting, daring activewear.  But of course we don't have to look too far. We are surrounded by strong women. Our mothers, sisters, friends and colleagues. 42I54 is built by women, who work very hard every day to create the best possible collection for women. Our sustainable mission on the other hand comes from a very personal experience.  We initially won a silver medal during the Olympic Games in 2008. Eight years later that silver eventually turned into gold when that winning team was disqualified due to substance abuse discovered during a large series of retesting.  This had a major impact on the on athletes worldwide. And while many of us became strong advocates for clean, drug free sports we are less outspoken when it comes to clothes we wear while performing. We felt this too has to change.  Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes.  Sportswear made in honest conditions and without the environmental strain it has today. We can no longer only applaud recognition and financial gain while wearing our low cost shirts. Because someone, somewhere is suffering because of it. Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Just for fun, what are your zodiac signs? Aries and Pisces What are you wanting to accomplish in 2020 with 42|54? It has always been our goal to become the brand that serves as today’s personal survival-kit and Wonder Woman cape all wrapped into one fashion-forward label for all women. 42|54 is for the young women we help through our 'Athlete Ambassador Program'. By supporting them with well made performance gear, we support their dreams of one day becoming professional athletes. Often big brands want to see results first and will later support in anyway possible. We believe talent need’s to be nurtured when  personal budgets are insignificant or non-existent. Today we are proud to announce that 3 women from our ambassadors program will participate in next year’s Olympic and Paralympic Games. We are most definitely also the go-to brand for women who like to have something that is different. Today many women try and balance a career, family and personal time. Finding an outfit that accommodates that lifestyle can be quite the search. The idea to have a legging that has the advanced functionality you'd expect from activewear, yet the high-end look and feel that makes it chic enough to wear outside the gym is very appealing to a lot of women. A winning combination we can offer to our women as we can pull from our own experience and expertise. On top of the need to be unique or different, women want to be informed on what they are putting both in and on their bodies today. Furthermore we would like to continue to develop our sustainable journey and dress as many great women in the US as we possibly can.  We had the opportunity to visit LA recently and it is inspiring to see how a city has succeeded into merging sports into the everyday life. It embodies the definition of an 'active lifestyle'. What were your childhood ambitions? Elodie: I always wanted to be a hairdresser or own my own cafe. That was until I realized that being a bar owner entails more than just serving great coffee. Olivia: I wanted to be a florist. I think I have always been inspired by beauty and making beautiful things. In what place are you the happiest? Most productive? The school of Sports is a great one to graduate from. Being professional athletes has taught us many life lessons. It teaches you to be independent,  winning, losing and how to persevere. Through our careers as professional athletes we have had the privilege of seeing a part of the world and experiencing different cultures and people. We are very appreciative that to this day we get to travel for work from time to time and see our designs come to life in our factory. Funnily enough, the traveling in the past also taught us the importance of home. And how it remains the happiest place for us. It is also where we get most creative. Before we were able to rent our own office space we used to work out of the kitchen. Today we still come up with the best ideas when we are surrounded by the feeling of familiarity. So thank God for WhatsApp these days. How do you live a sustainable life outside of the company? It is important to stress that we are by no means green warriors or examples of how to live a sustainable life. But we 100% get the message and understand the urge to react today. We all have different battles to fight in life but we are convinced that with little effort we can already make  a big difference. A few changes that we have made:  -no to fast fashion; buying less clothes and smarter -no more plastic bottles and additionally be more mindful of the use of plastic in general -buying fresh and seasonal fruit and vegetables instead of pre-packed food,  -reusing the same bag instead of buying a new one for groceries,  -sort trash -the use of natural cosmetics -leave our cars in the garage if not needed  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Published for the first time and celebrating 50 years since the works were created, ‘DESIRE’ by Lloyd Ziff documents New York City in the late 1960s. Ziff’s work captures a New York teeming with fantasy and rebellion. The book tells a story of cultural resistance through Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe.  ‘DESIRE’ was the first photo shoot that Patti and Robert had together. The two of them were photographed in their Hall Street Space in Brooklyn in 1968 and in Ziff’s small apartment in the heart of Greenwich Village in 1969. The book features 65 previously unpublished works including street photographs, original contact sheets, and notes that form the history around 1960s New York and the lives of these two iconic figures. The intimacy between the two paints a picture of the city at this time, pushing their icon status aside to view the city with a more personal lens. 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff “I myself never felt comfortable doing anything with the pictures. Then in 2009 Patti phoned and asked me for permission to publish two of the Hall Street portraits in JUST KIDS, the first portraits of them together she noted. 41 years had passed. . . Robert and Patti had become legendary. Robert and I had remained friends until he died in 1989, and I had enjoyed commissioning and publishing photographs of his when I was the Design Director of House & Garden, Vanity Fair, and Condé Nast Traveler in the ’80s. Now it’s been 50+ years since I happened to see Robert and Patti crossing the street near their place in Brooklyn. The photographs we shot then are, as are all photographs, documents of a particular moment in time. They have also become documents of a time when two of America’s most important artists were very young, very beautiful, and very ambitious. It amazes me to share those moments from so long ago today.” – Lloyd Ziff, 2019 100 “Strictly Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff, with a “Limited Edition” signed and numbered C-Type print. 500 “Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff. Available now Photos courtesy of Lloyd Ziff and Avenue Communications  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker. HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  FALGUNI SHANE PEACOCK bodysuit, HARDEMAN chaps, BUSTED BRAND gloves, PLANET I sunglasses, and MELODY EHSANI earrings and DALMATA choker. It’s been just over a year since Doja Cat’s “Mooo!” swept the screens of millions across the globe. And unless you’ve been living under a rock, the American singer, rapper and producer begs no further introduction. With that said, in case you have in fact been dwelling beneath stone, then you should know that the future of music is Doja’s for the taking. With her 2018 claim-to-fame music video sitting atop 50M views on YouTube, and her most recent visual release for “Juicy,” featuring Tyga, breaking 20M in two weeks, the musician’s growth is unshakeable, having cemented her place through sweet sonics and visuals that pack a punch. As she so bluntly claims over the phone from her apartment in Los Angeles, “It’s only the beginning. I feel like I really know who I am and what I’m doing with my next project.” The bovine-style music video released last August would eventually flourish into a viral meme. “I didn’t mean for ‘Mooo!’ to get as big as it did,” she admits. “I had more serious music to put out, I’d been working on so much other stuff, but once I put the cow costume on, I had to do it. It was the only way I could get it out of my head,” she explains. Within days of the abrupt upload to YouTube, the video had racked millions of views. The dairy dreamscape was by no means Doja’s introduction to the music industry. In fact, she had been signed to RCA Records since 2014, after the successful release of her debut single, “So High.” From there, she followed up with several tracks, including “Go To Town,” off of her debut studio album in 2018. “Before ‘Mooo!,’ we hadn’t really gotten any viral hits, or had any hits, period. We were doing okay, but things weren’t at their fullest potential. That was the most significant part about ‘Mooo!’ going where it did—it allowed all my other work to have a foundation and have a pull.” Taking a moment to consider the past whirlwind year, she reasons, “Since ‘Mooo!’ blew up, it’s been kind of non-stop. I don’t know if it’s really allowed me to reflect, but I feel like I’ve refined my style and refined who I am. I kind of have to have the spotlight on me.” MATT SARAFA coat and GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses. MATT SARAFA coat, ABODI bodysuit and boots, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and NOÄ earrings. The spotlight she speaks of shines focused and fixed, with no intention of moving elsewhere, but as a consistent subject of such recognition, Doja Cat has experienced two sides to the coin that is internet fame. Since its inception, the Internet has proven an untamable beast, and the environment it has bred has developed twice as feral. Through public domains like Tumblr to TikTok, and YouTube to Twitter, a vast stretch of subcultures and trends have been cultivated. On opposite poles of this digital sphere, there stands viral fame and cancel culture. It’s no secret that the musician has faced multiple controversies regarding comments she’s made online, and it’s even less of a secret that the public is quick to mobilize on social media. After old tweets resurfaced of the artist using derogatory terms towards other rappers, a rallied audience of critics made it its mission to take her down. Admittedly hurt by some of the criticisms, she reasons, “I’m not invincible, I do get hurt by some comments. I’m not superhuman.” Immediately requiting, she follows up with, “But being raised on the Internet gives me the ability to know how to deal with negativity most of the time.” Then, at once in a final stride, she claims of her presence online, “It’s just a small portion of my life.” And just like that, if we’ve learned anything in 2019, it’s that you can’t cancel Doja Cat. HARDEMAN top, thong, and hat, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and DALMATA necklace. Fresh off the release of a new music video with LunchMoney Lewis for “Make That Cake,” while still riding the success of “Juicy,” she’s traveling cross country for performances and appearances on a weekly basis. In the age of virality, such sustainability is impressive. That said, she’s in no way the first artist to have a viral hit catapult their work to an unfamiliar stratosphere of celebrity, and certainly not the last. We’ve seen fellow musical phenoms like Mason Ramsey and Megan Thee Stallion reap the benefits of a trending tweet and hashtag or two. Could it just be that we’re experiencing the dawning of a new age in music? An educated guess would reason, yes. With democratized media-sharing platforms like Spotify and SoundCloud, there’s been an inevitable boom in bedroom pop-stardom. Not only that, but with the increasing irrelevance of labels across younger generations, classification proves less important in not only topics of gender, but music, too. Lines blur across styles nowadays, with artists coloring the outsides more than ever. In attempts to maintain order through categorical standards, we see the term “Alternative” tacked onto the classic genres we’ve come to know. I LOVE PRETTY skirt. I LOVE PRETTY skirt and BUFFALO LONDON shoes. Prompted to describe her forthcoming record, Hot Pink, in three words, she replies with little to no hesitation: “Too. Many. Genres.” Declining a subscription to any one breed of song, the response points to her exploration of sound, a progression of her euphony, and the future of music. “My last record is a lot different from this one because I didn’t understand what it was to be in the studio and in an environment where there’s a bunch of musical equipment,” Doja shares, candidly. “I was young, I was a teenager and I really didn’t know who I was. My character wasn’t really shining the way it does now. I can tell you Hot Pink is one of the best things I’ve done, the best project I will have ever released.” Then, implored to divulge more about the release in detail, she retracts to the previously implemented three-word limit: “Super, duper, mystery.” So while Doja—who won the world over with an onomatopoeia in 2018—makes a favorable case for the future of music today, her own music remains as ambiguous as it does full of promise. Photographed by: Julian Buchan.  Styled by: Katie Qian.  Hair: Frankie Payne using Oribe at Opus Beauty.  Makeup: Jadyn Ngo using Surratt Beauty and Artisbrush.com at The Visionaries. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj Photos by Steven Klein Think metallic, high-end glamour with a neon pink accent. Think barbie doll in outer-space. This iconic FENDI and Nicki Minaj collaboration is the perfect combination of bold yet sophisticated.  Teaming up with Silvia Venturini Fendi, the duo created the next chapter of the FF Series with a line for women’s, men’s and kids: FENDI Prints On. Nicki is known for her body-hugging clothing and most of the line is just that, but she beautifully contrasts it with leisurewear and classy pieces. With the FF logo covering the majority of the print, this line is nothing but eye-catching.  They took staple pieces that everyone needs in their wardrobe and added their own flare to it such as:  tulle dresses, reversible puffer coats, asymmetric body-con dresses, raincoats with leather sleeves, silver tracksuits, bomber jackets with knitted sleeves and metallic windbreakers.  This collection would not be complete without some daring accessories, and that is exactly what they have provided us. They have everything from sequined bags and fanny packs to customized snow boots and wedge trainers. These accessories will take any outfit to the next level.  They went above and beyond and created a collection that embodied Nicki’s personality along with high-end fashion and street style.  The FENDI Prints On capsule collection will be sold in 52 FENDI boutiques worldwide and on fendi.com from October 14th.  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj   Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj                    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   69 shirt, JEAN PAUL KNOTT pants available at Please Do Not Enter, and NIKE shoes.   Brooklyn born and LA based producer and artist, Kingdom, is bringing back is clubby and unique dance music to the industry. With two new EPs, the first one called “EXTERRA, Vol. 1,” on the way and an album coming in 2020, he is back in the realm of dance music, but keeping true to his innovative style.  All the way from the east coast, Kingdom was booked to perform in LA in the early 2000s, which gave him a foot in the door to the west coast’s music scene. From here, he has continued to expand his musical capacity and does not abide by genres or any type of limitation; with experimental taste and a desire to create, he strives to generate music that he loves and that the audience can appreciate/value.  He was kind enough to join me for a phone interview in which I asked many questions, hoping to find out more about him as a person and his career.  I know that Nacho Nava kind of helped bring you to LA, how did he influence you? I was DJing a lot in New York, but he was the first person to put me on a flight and bring me to the west coast to DJ. I think that the influence he really has is that he was putting people on like me who didn’t have any other shows or have a lot of hype or a lot of press or anything like that. He really just believed in the new talent and was always just so generous with that regardless of how well the show did or anything like that. It was really just like he was excited to put people on and it never seemed like it was something he was doing for his own to serve his own interest. It really was something he was doing for the community in LA. Specifically, influential in creating a really special scene on the eastside of LA. I think most people will associate like the gay scene with the west side, West Hollywood scene, which is so specific and there really wasn’t much going on on the eastside maybe a couple bars, but he was the first to create a really vibrant night life scene that involved art and dance and all different kinds of Djs of all different races, but also it wasn’t just a community vibe, it was also like he was bringing really really good music and reall really amazing performers, so it also drew in just from straight people music fans who knew that Mustache would have more edgy stuff, so it wasn’t just creating an alternative it was also just about quality. He had such a good eye for innovative stuff.  FENG CHEN WANG jacket available at Please Do Not Enter and ALLIGATOR JESUS bracelet. What was it like working with Nacho Nava cause I know you guys were working on a Netflix show together. Working with him was always a pleasure. He was always just so sweet so generous and he was just a great figure and really supportive of my label and my parties too. He would always, without me even asking, support a face of mine or event that I was doing that had nothing to do with Mustache. He was always so sweet. More recently, that’s actually kind of why the music video is dedicated to Nacho because basically I met the video director through Nacho. Nacho put us together in a conference call and basically we started talking and they had planned to bring some type of documentary for Netflix about kind of the more alternative more POC side of LA nightlife, specifically gay nightlife and queer nightlife. It was really just in the early stages of talk. We really didn’t get it off the ground, but Shahana, the director, was gonna obviously be on the director’s side and working on the shots and the camera stuff and all that. They wanted me to come in and add music to it, but essentially throw in some different raves and help bring in music so that we could create some events to film because there’s not, sadly there’s not a lot of footage of a lot of the old Mustache parties. They’re relatively undocumented, so that was the idea, but I think when he passed Shahana felt like it didnt’t make sense to pursue it still. It really was Nacho’s project. It was really just a conversation, but even just that concept was inspirational and meeting the director is kind of what spawned us to create the music video together in honor of him.  It seems like Nacho has been really influential to kind of your start here in LA and the music scene, but has he influenced your work at all kind of like maybe the beats you decide to use or the music has he influenced any of it? Since he’s not a musician or DJ himself I wouldn’t say it’s a direct influence on the actual sound. I’d say he’s more of an influence when it comes to throwing parties and bringing people together in the community and just showing people kindness and more of the things I spoke about a moment ago. Just about the social element of music more than the sound exactly, but I know the sound he likes and I think he had an appreciation for the sounds I work with.  MEALS shirt and pants. How does it feel to be in the genre again? It feels really good. I feel like with my last album Tears in the Club I was in a very kind of like atmospheric moody RnB space and ever since that album came out I’ve been doing more vocal production, working with singers, and I worked really hard launching the new singer that signed to Fade to Mind called Semma, so I’ve been really in that zone of creating something for vocalists and when I’m doing that I sometimes put aside exactly the Kingdom sound and I’m trying to create a universe for the singer that gives them a unique identity. It’s just a totally different assignment. It’s a different thing and it’s a different lifestyle too. It’s a lot of hours spent helping singers songwrite and it definitely tested my patience a lot of the time because I’ve spent quite a bit of time with several vocalists making demos for their projects and singers make hundreds of demos to test their project. A lot of time your beat doesn’t get picked or they go in a different direction or sometimes the vocalist is just caught up in other stuff and they don’t even release something. I might have been so in that world, so it was really refreshing to just kind of stop accepting bookings to do vocal sessions and I think it was kind of a reaction to doing all those vocal sessions that made me really want to just get back into my more ravey, clubby, housey references and it’s kind of also where I started. My first release ever, “Mind Reader,” was very kind of hard, weird, dance stuff, so I’m kind of going back and starting from scratch and starting from the beginning again and it just feels really good. I’m just excited to put stuff that’s more high energy and I’m DJing a lot right now, so it’s exciting to just play things that I can blend and just be kind of weird again cause I think working with vocalists it’s a lot more compromises, a lot more catering to them.  Do you have any inspirations for creating music, like are there any other artists that you look towards to or does everything just come from within? There’s definitely artists I look up to. Sometimes I freeze with the question because there’s so many that I have. I would have to say Rod Lee, Terror Danjah, and Darkchild. YOSHIO KUBO jacket and stylist’s own glasses. Would you ever mix different genres together like if you did RnB and dance music? Or is that something that you’ve already ventured into before?   Even though I do make some fully RnB sounding stuff, I kind of think that’s really what I’m known for even though the new stuff is pretty clubby, but I think you can still hear these little shreds of like the vocal stuff, the vocal samples. I think that RnB element is always there. That’s pretty much my mission, either I’m weaving back and forth or I’m weaving them together just kind of RnB sound with the club sound. For the next volume, I’m making another volume of the EXTERRA series and that one’s either gonna have more of the vocal stuff in it and I’m also working on my next album. I’ve got a lot of homework right now. I’m bringing in more vocal stuff as it progresses from my EP to my next album.  In regards to the vocal production, is there anything you look for in an artist when you want them to be on one of your songs? I love weird vocal textures. I just love when someone has a baby voice or has a strange croaky texture or has certain types of node that they like to hit. Just something that sets it apart because there’s so many people that sound so similar. And someone who’s not afraid of intense rhythm cause I think a lot of singers come from the studio wanting a really simple beat or something that sounds like their favorite, you know, Ella Mai song or like H.E.R. song or maybe a Corella song they heard or something, so I think someone who is down to get experimental and doesn’t mind sampling their voice. I’m especially also just addicted to high voices. I love falsetto. I’m known for working with women, which is my favorite working with female vocals. If I’m working with a guy he definitely has to be able to channel his feminine side. I don’t really like to work with men who wanna sing about the macho shit on the mic like I’m way more into men who are singing. you know explore both sides  MEALS jacket and pants. Do you have a certain process of producing or like how do you kind of create your songs? I’ve always been a drummer, so I feel like when I’m on my own making beats I always start with drums and just playing with different drum sounds and I finally, after years of not doing it, started to create my own drum kits and drum packs, so I have my own custom samples that I’m playing around with. When it comes to singers usually they’ll just freestyle over an existing beat. With Sema, the artist I recently signed to my label, she was one of the first people that I really just improvised with and sometimes she would just come in and she would start singing something first, so that’s a totally different process like kind of working in reverse and working from what her voice is doing.  Do you have any stories of the first time you met MikeQ or Ms. Boogie? This new EP I just put out, EXTERRA, Vol. 1, is kind of a throwback to the beginning of my career in many ways. One of them being that I’m returning to dance music and making just like much clubbier, harder material than I’ve made in a long time, but it also actually has two collaborations with artists that I’ve known for I think over a decade. Me and MikeQ and Shane Oliver from Hood by Air were the three Djs who got booked to DJ this artist named Reshaw Newsom. He had a party for one of his art openings. I had actually been a fan of Mike from MySpace and his website for years already and when I finally met him I just completely fanned out and got to play a track. My set was pretty much like MikeQ and Ivana Lore who’s like another ballroom legend. I basically played all super hard underground ballroom voguing music. I don’t think that Mike was expecting that from me necessarily and actually Mike went out on the dance floor and started voguing and he’s not a voguer, he’s a DJ. He rarely ever actually hits the dance floor and vogue. That was back when we Dj’d on CD so that night me and him like traded CDs and he gave me his CDs from his like case logic and I gave him CDs from mine. Ever since then we’ve been in touch and he’s producing music on my label as well, but he’s kind of hard to nail down and get a studio session with, so I’m just really excited to me and him having a track together 10 years later finally. My very first party that I threw on my own in NY was called “Club Vortex” and it was like in the back room of this art space, so it’s not really a venue at all and they didn’t have any security or anything and I think after the first one the word kind of got around cause you know under age kids are always looking for those very few places that they aren’t going to card, so I think word got around that there was this party happening that wasn’t carding and that was super open and fun and a few friends of mine actually showed up with Ms. Boogie at that very first party and me and her hit it off. She kind of got in a little bit of trouble that night. There was kind of like a little bit of a tussle on the dance floor and I think some wigs got pulled, but it was a pretty crazy night and that was before she was even just vocals, so it’s been amazing to see her progress into rapping and making music and I just love what she brings to the track. Saturday Kingdom performs with an Allstar roster including Bae Bae, BrownSkinHazel, Total Freedom and Uniiqu3 get tickets HERE Photographed by Alligator Jesus. Styled by Ally Nikoltchev Produced by: BJ Panda Bear Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. It was a family affair as last night UGG threw a banger to celebrate their now campaign featuring creatives in fashion and music including Slick Woods and son, Paloma and Ama Elsesser, Kim Gordon of Sonic Youth and daughter Coco Gordon Moore, Sasha and Sergio Lane, and Luka and Clark Sabbat. The event was a dazzling event paying homage to the brands California heritage.  The brand drew inspiration from the #UGGLIFE  campaign family-focused narrative highlighting the relationships and the spirit across generations that brings families together along with inspiring and challenging one another DJ’s and eyewear designers Coco & Breezy curated the events soundtrack. Staying on theme with a musical performance by SoCal local indie punk rock duo/brothers The Garden. UGG founded in 1978 by an Australian surfer originated on the coast of California. Renowned for its iconic classic UGG boot boosted by Hollywood celebs, and fashion editors around the world, the brand has extended into apparel and accessories with recent collaborations with the brands like Y/PROJECT and Eckhaus Latta. The evenings launch also featured the new range of buckle boots that also presented an exaggerated sole and a soon to be everywhere thigh grazing boot. After a dinner at the Roosevelt hotel, we caught up with the mama, muse, and all around bad ass Slick Woods to chat about #UGGLIFE.  Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Did you end up going out last night after the dinner at The Roosevelt? I’m a little exhausted but I don’t think I went out, I think went out went on me. How do you feel like UGG has fit into your life as a mother? UGG has been a big part of my life since the last campaign so we have been linking up. Do you feel like having a child has fit into life of the badass fashion creature you’ve always been known for? Yes, of course. I mean getting into motherhood and being an UGG mom has definitely been a big part of my life. You have really empowered the persona of the badass into this new creation, it’s beautiful. Of course, I had to slip into motherhood very unexpectedly. What do you see in the space between comfort and style? Well, comfort and style has always been missed together. I mean my style in very comfortable. Do you think simple comfort can be stylish? Yes, definitely, I am a little bit mixed with Tomb Raider, with a little bit of Kim Possible, and a little bit of, let’s say, Al Pacino. All together – that’s me What is one comfort faux pas you feel can never be chic? Broke shit… I don’t do broke shit. What is one comfort faux pas you feel we need to embrace more? Probably aristocratic shit. Like real rich nigga shit. I wish we did more of that. Yeah do more of that now! Do you see your son as following your footsteps in the modelling world? Hell no. My sons going to be a police officer or a fireman. And I’m gonna let him do that. Your film Goldie got great reviews. Do you see yourself getting more into film? No, the director was trash but my acting was fucking great. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   BUFFALO shoes. Make way for the newest edition to the female power movement, a DJ from Berlin who goes by Martafakka. With a background in Tech House, Funk House, Hip-Hop, RnB, and Afro House, she curates explosive beats that pulsate through the listener’s body causing them to not only feel Martafakka’s energy in her songs, but also having an almost out of body experience. As well, her expertise in mixing different genres creates a new kind of music and allows for a wide range of people to enjoy her work. Beyond her musical genius, she is an avid traveller, inspired learner, and according to her Instagram, is an animal lover as well. Take pleasure in reading the following interview with the creative genius.   BUFFALO shoes. Who would your dream collaboration be with? My favorites would be Dixon, Honey Dijon and Black Coffee What are you currently working on? And how is the process going? My main goal right now is to achieve the knowledge of producing myself. I have my roots in Hip- Hop and RnB and want to learn now more about electronic music especially tech house, funkhouse… I know that you have performed in Berlin, where would you love to perform next? I would love to perform in Ibiza, Amsterdam, London and New York. What is your favorite thing about performing and your fans? The best thing about djing is when you feel that people are getting exactly into your vibe and enjoy the party. What inspires your specific sound? I already traveled a lot in my life and I have been to many clubs where I got a lot of different vibe and music inspiration. What do you want your listeners to feel or take away from your music? The most important thing is LOVE, LOVE, LOVE and of course amazing energy! People should feel good and free while listening to my music. Its all about energy. What does your music creating process look like? I start with collecting my current favourite songs. After that it goes on with the main part; FIND MATCHING SONGS! It is my goal to combine all music genres with each other. There are no boundaries! Its kind of a process of course. Do you have a specific song that means a lot to you? What makes it special to you? It’s “Dirty Diana“ from Michael Jackson since I was a kid. It always hat something mystic about it…Who the f*** is Diana?!  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   REBECCA VALLANCE suit, ANDREA FOHRMAN earrings, and ANNA-KARIN KARLSSON sunglasses. She might not be a household name in America, yet, but Lila Iké has already taken Jamaica’s music scene by storm. Hailing from Manchester, Jamaica, she sharpened her teeth by performing at Jamnesia’s open mic on Saturday nights. The seaside venue (located in Bully Bay, about 20 minutes outside Kingston), has hosted many prominent Jamaican artists including Chronixx, Jah9, NoMaddz, and Protoje. The latter performer, Protoje, happens to be a Grammy nominated artist and his ears perked when he first heard Lila Iké’s music. He signed her as part of his collective, In.Digg.Nation.  Lila’s friendship with Protoje turned out to be the turn her music career needed. The signing thrusted her into the spotlight, where she’s performed alongside him at Jamaica’s Reggae Sumfest (basically it’s the Coachella for the country) with 30,000 heads in attendance then making her NYC debut at BRIC’s Celebrate Brooklyn! Concert. In 2017, Lila dropped her first official track, titled “Biggest Fan.” She wrote the song for her mother, whom she dubbed her “biggest fan.” The song’s release opened the floodgates for her solo career, with several other songs following suit. Earlier this summer, she performed on Protoje’s song “Not Another Word,” which acted as the biggest track she’s been apart of. After premiering on Rolling Stone, “Not Another Word” has graced Spotify playlists “Dancehall Queen,” and “Dancehall Official.”  While Lila Iké might hold the Reggae universe in the palm of her had, she’s not interested in classifying herself as a Reggae artist. She believes her music is more universal than to label inside a single genre. Flaunt spoke with the rising artist about her humble beginnings, treasured inspirations, and the meaning behind the words Lila Iké.  MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit and JIMMY CHOO shoes. I always like to know what influences an artist when they are writing and recording their songs. Who would you say are your musical influences? My favorite singer of all time is Garnett Silk. I love Toni Braxton, I really love Lauren Hill. All great artists in different genres and different types of music. But my all-time favorite is Garnett Silk. Why would they inspire you? Garnett Silk is my all-time favorite because of what he did for the music I don’t think anybody else did it. I feel like his voice, his style, he had a spiritual thing with his voice. Also, the fact that he didn’t get much time to do what I really think he wanted to do. Very powerful and very spiritual. How he was cut down so early almost makes me take up the responsibility, just make sure my music is on that level.  What’s your intention when performing your music? What are you trying to give your listeners with your talents? When I’m performing, I’m basically giving everything. With certain performers, You can identify with what they are saying. , You can see certain movements in their body, you can feel in your presence that music isn’t something they are doing to make some money. So when I’m performing I’m doing what I’m supposed to do, which is give it all Every artist has a different creative process when writing and recording music. What does your look like?  I search for inspiration, I don’t necessarily like writing with a pen and paper. When going through my everyday life, if a thought comes to me, i’ll whip out my phone and record it. Somethings I don’t record all my inspirations, but it comes upon you and for some people, it comes through like mediation or dancing or going different places. For me it’s all of the above. I like having conversations about different things. like learning as much as I can. I like listening to music, going to jam sessions.  ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER coat and boots, HALPERN turtleneck, and MISHO earrings. You’ve released four singles so far. What’s next? Is there an album or an EP on the way? Naturally, but I can’t say when. I am definitely working on new music.  We will keep our ears open! There’s a lot of musical genres, what inspired you to chose reggae? Is there a connection to the genre which drew you to it?  Personally, I don’t really associate myself with any particular genre, I feel like its a conscious thing. Like a work of poetry. I grew up in Jamaica, where there is lots of reggae. But I love reggae, it’s my favorite genre. I love spoken music, jazz, country music, reggaeton. But for me, reggae music is a part of me.  Are you still based in Jamaica? Yes. Rolling Stone premiered “Not Another World,” which features you working with Protoje and Agent Sasco. Are there any more collaborations coming up which you can tell us about? I recently did a song produced by Izzy which was released on the same day, so I haven’t been pushing it that much. That’s the most recent collaboration I’ve worked on but I’m interested in working with a lot of artists. I’d love to do a song with Chronixx and Koffee. These are things I have in my head that hopefully work out.  You recently performed at LA’s Delicious Pizza for their block party. Are there any more US shows coming up on your itinerary? Not right this minute, the next time I’m in America for a show is in Washington. My friend wants to come perform at his venue. Me, Sevana, a new artist called Jaz Elise, and another artist named Apollo. We are apart of their acoustic presentation. That’s the only thing I’m certain about. October 14th. Where did the name Lila Iké come from? What does it mean to you?  Lila, biblically was coined from my original name Alecia Grey. When I was born people would always shorten my name. They’d call me Leekee or Leelee. Once somebody called me Lila and I was very drawn to that name because I felt like a “Lila”. I made a Facebook account and used it as my Facebook name, it was “Lila Music.” And people started calling me Lila. Before I know it, everybody actually thinks my name is Lila.  Iké, I got that name from a friend of mine I met when I moved to Kingston. This guy had a Nigerian background. He grew up in Africa and said Iké is short for Ikechukwu, he told me that it meant “God is powerful” I grew up in a Christian home, my mom always went to church and believing in a higher being was always a crucial part of our everyday life. And I personally believe that there is something more beautiful and powerful than all of us here on Earth.  I wanted to appropriate this energy, which is the purest form of my music. That’s where Lila Iké came from.  It was great talking to you, is there anything you would like to add? I want people to know that it’s okay for them to be themselves, and they should go for whatever they want if they feel it in their hearts. If it brings them joy.   MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit. Photographed by Nolwen Cifuentes. Styled by Mui-Hai Chu. Hair: Darren Hau using Oribe at Opus Beauty. Makeup: Mylah Morales  at Exclusive Artists.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Autumn Hrubý is the founder of knitwear enthusiast and journal, Hesperios. The carefully crafted, sustainable collections express Hrubý’s philosophy of “quality over quantity,” with garments meant to last a lifetime. An extension of the brand is it’s dedication to classic and contemporary art, literature, and travel, which reveals itself in a biannual anthology— distributed internationally through art-and-design book stores, galleries, newsstands, and museums. This month, Hesperios released it’s third edition of the ongoing journal series, marking the celebration of both established and emerging creatives. From artists to chefs to filmmakers and poets, No.3 is packed with visual references, intellectual nuances, and personal anecdotes that will galvanize any and every reader. Flaunt spoke with Hrubý post-Journal No.3 launch to chat all things Hesperios. HESPERIOS founder, Autumn Hrubý. What’s the story behind the name of your line and literary journal, Hesperios, meaning “the evening star”?  My friend Evan Dando started calling me Hess as a nickname, short for Hesperios. At the time, Glenn O’ Brien and I were brainstorming potential names for my company to be. It was a long process, and he had several amusing options, but when I heard Hesperios, everything just clicked.   Of all the interviews in this issue, who surprised you most, and why?  Miranda Brooks interview. I loved discovering that she meditates with her client before each project to bless the land and ask the spirits for help.  “In Japan there is a standard practice to have a land blessing with the client and architect before any construction begins, to make peace with who has been there before, and to suggest where the spirits can safely wait until construction ends. Once construction is complete, they are invited back to bring love and a sense of being to what was created.”  Visually, how has literature and the art world influenced your designs?  Art and literature have influenced our brand in every possible way. I knew I wanted to make the perfect sweater and cardigan with reoccurring artist collaborations and less common color palettes. And of course, we publish art and literary books, which is at the heart of what we do. This has always been the idea behind Hesperios. Sometimes working with an artist on a particular cardigan will influence the range of colors for the collection, but I usually have a well-defined palette from the very beginning. I often have Maria Sibylla Merian’s books around for reference.   As fashion is the second most polluting industry in the world, how does your brand support sustainable practices? I’m glad you asked. This is a long answer, but it is the most important question I am asked. Hesperios has been called a “sustainable brand,” and I’m not sure what that means or if any brand can be truly “sustainable,” but we are trying, every day. I have set very high standards in the way I’d like to run everything. We are a small team, but we all care and want to do things differently and thoughtfully rather than arbitrarily pushing out more product. I think we’ve had a head start as a new company forming good habits in the early stages, rather than having to unravel detrimental ones later on. Even so, it’s a constant process which requires a tremendous amount of time to research alternative materials and more efficient methods of production.  It was always my intention to create a well-made, high-quality product that would last forever and age well. Our collection began with a sweater; designed as something you can keep as an heirloom— quality over quantity. We produce two seasons a year, with limited releases in between, all of which are produced in low quantities, so we aren’t sitting on excessive inventory.   We also recycle our inventory in a way that I’m proud of. In our last three collections, we selected a few styles from our inventory, like our Gayle or Lou knit tank, and combined them with pleating to create our signature Paloma and Lola dresses. Our collection also consists of a core library of year-round knits, which means we can keep these on our website longer because they technically don’t fall out of style. If we have inventory in a color that hasn’t sold as well, we dye it sustainably. Timeless and well-made products retain their value.  All of our wovens are produced locally in New York City. This reduces the waste of packaging and shipping materials. We try to use as much deadstock, antique, and recycled materials as possible. We will never produce leather, and we’ve kept our material options to a minimum. I don’t plan on using cashmere or wool. We plan to use 100% organic cotton by next year, and we’re also in the planning phase of bringing our knit production in-house, so we are in control of all phases of production.   I wish building a company was just about telling stories and making beautiful things, but this is such a small fraction of what is required. There can be a myriad of factors and variables which influence every decision and sometimes can be overwhelming. But we approach everything with thoughtfulness and integrity in mind.  I’ve been a vegetarian for 18 years, and I’ve always been conscious of my environment. When I was 20, I lived on a permaculture and biodynamic farm in San Miguel de Allende, and when I moved back to the states, I viewed our resources differently. I think this experience has informed my life decisions going forward, and I’m constantly reminded of those lessons. I recently sat through the Earthlings documentary and was completely shaken. It takes you through all the industries that rely on animals and how corrupt so many industries are. After watching this, I wanted to begin taking steps to become vegan. I also became overwhelmed with all the lifestyle choices associated with this decision and that if I became vegan, I would want the brand to be as well. Suddenly, becoming vegan was harder than anything I’ve ever thought about doing, especially regarding fashion. Right now, I am gathering the facts so that it isn’t an overwhelming transition. Leather is everywhere. There is no reason when there are plenty of alternative materials to use for a handbag or a shoe. But then, you also have to be knowledgeable about how those materials are made and the waste or toxic threats they could be creating.   Patagonia has been a big inspiration for my colleagues and me. My best friend, Miye McCullough, is our Director of Operations, and she has a background in Conservation, so we are always talking about sustainability. She recommended a book called The Responsible Company by Vincent Stanley and Yvon Chouinard. It has been my ongoing resource for information. I recommend this book to everyone, both personally and professionally. You can learn from their past mistakes as a company, how transparent they are, and what they did to learn and improve not only their production but practices on a global scale. The bottom line is that it takes a community effort to create change. The book is also a reminder that while mistakes are inevitable, what counts is how we solve each problem.  Everyone on our team has a genuine interest in sustainability. We enjoy the research process equally as much as the creative one. I’ve been a member of an innovative design library ever since we started, which gives architects and designers access to sustainable, biodegradable, recyclable, certified organic materials around the world. They have an actual library you can walk through and scan swatch cards; giving you instant access to suppliers who produce bio-leather from pineapple juice.   I don’t want to turn a blind eye to our ecological crisis. If I’m made aware of something that isn’t right, I will go to great lengths to try and correct it and make it better. But I have to remind myself that it cannot happen overnight.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 Drop 1 launching today, October 8th, Zara aims to release their variations on the here to stay khaki and uniform stylized core pieces. For decades in DIY culture, core basics have been used as representation and a source of visual language to identify rebellion and counterculture. These two characteristics are still used as the main sources of inspiration to highlight individual style and remain part of being unbranded in a capitalistic society. As well as being inspired by figures involved in the arts, musicians, actors, artists, and so forth. Zara is taking classic clothing archetypes with this new SRPLS CHPTR 03 line, consisting of outerwear, shirts, pants, and accessories, remixing them with new proportions, cuts, and sews every release to give a new meaning. This will be the 3rd instalment of Zara’s bi-annual SRPLS collection, showcasing men and women collections as in the past, but for the first time a kid’s line will be available. The collection speaks on the military influenced clothes that have become part of the world’s wardrobe vernacular for the past 60 years in popular culture. Made from premium materials, in limited edition with three releases each season. The collection will be available online and in select stores across the US, Spain, Germany, UK, France, Italy, Poland, Japan and China. Photos courtesy of ZARA Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Gucci has begun accepting applications for the North American Changemakers program, which includes its $1.5 million Scholarship Program and its $5 million Impact Fund for nonprofit organizations, and they have brought a collaboration with DRØME Creative Director Satchel Lee to announce it. The grant and scholarship open call announcement invites young people and nonprofits to apply to be Gucci Changemakers.  Earlier this year, Gucci announced its North American Changemakers Program, working in alignment with the company’s vision for garnering a greater social impact and pushing diversity and equity forward within the fashion industry. The film announcing the open call for applications was narrated by Changemakers Council Co-Chair, Poet, and Author Cleo Wade, and allowed for young people to share their own stories. Wade stated, “Change does not happen in theory, it happens in community. We are bringing the Gucci Changemakers initiative to life by bringing not only funds, but also time, energy, and care to communities that have been historically and systemically under resourced and overlooked for too long.” Both of the programs aim to do exactly that. They give to and prioritize historically underrepresented and marginalized communities in order to allow for the advancement of the youth and nonprofit organizations hoping to create broader change, starting within their own communities.  Learn more on applications and eligibility at www.changemakersus.gucci.com. Photos and video courtesy of Gucci Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   GUCCI jacket, pants, and shoes.  BEN SHERMAN top and pants, BRUNO MAGLI boots. The singer-songwriter and actor Chord Overstreet surprised a lot of his fans when, in 2015, he left behind his acting days on Glee to pursue a career in music. The son of Grammy-award-winning country music singer-songwriter Paul Overstreet, Chord had grown up surrounded by music, which he quickly developed an affinity for. Once he formed his own band, Overstreet, the singer was already opening for Demi Lovato and Nick Jonas on their Future Now Tour. After releasing some well-received tracks, the band came along with their first EP earlier this year Man on the Moon, Overstreet is back with the new track “My Ex.“ Flaunt sat down with Chord Overstreet and discussed his relationship with music, songwriting, and his newest single “My Ex”. I wanted to ask you a little bit about your upbringing. You were brought up by a Grammy award-winning father, you have a music-related name—it’s almost as if it was predetermined that you would be involved with music. It was probably my dad’s way of nudging me out the door with a guitar in my hand. I was the third one born into my family, and there’s three notes in a chord, so my dad and mom had names like that for everybody. My sister’s name is Harmony, like a four-part harmony, and a brother named Nash for Nashville, so everyone’s got a wacky name.  How would you say your relationship with music has evolved throughout your childhood up until today?  My relationship with music started out when I was really young and my dad introduced me to Elvis, the Beatles, and James Taylor. The stuff that I responded to was the lyrical content—songs with a story that helped you stepping out of reality, just being in your head and going wherever the music takes you. Lyrics first for me is where I always go, such as James Taylor and Bob Dylan, guys who were really able to paint a world.  Branching out into your own musical career—did you always want to do that, or was it a more recent decision after Glee?  I always did it just because I grew up around it. When I first moved out to LA, I was trying to get the acting thing going, and I had my guitar—it was always there. I never thought about it too much, I just always did it. I would be writing and I would be playing. Everything I got involved in and it worked always coincidentally had music involved, it kept chasing after me. I also always had the desire to do what my dad was doing. When I was probably 17 and playing football—I wanted to play pro football—I got a knee injury and was on Oxycontin on the couch. I was playing video games and my dad was like “Turn that damn game off and write a song!” So I picked up the guitar and couldn’t put it down.   That’s amazing. It’s good that it stuck, because I remember my parents forcing me to learn the piano at a young age, and I would get so bored by it. But then, the love for music sticks with you. It’s interesting because, when you’re a kid and taking music lessons, you don’t necessarily have the drive and determination —although some people do—to push that as a kid and develop those skills. Thank God that parents make kids take lessons because when you’re older, it’s there. I’m really thankful for my mom driving me to guitar lessons. It’s about having the foresight to see that it would be useful someday. Of course, I saw my dad do it, and he obviously taught me a lot about songwriting. My dad said something interesting to me. He had a rough childhood—he came from a broken home—and yet was always very positive in his songwriting, his message was really uplifting. Somebody asked him where his inspiration comes from when he’s writing, and he responded that he always wrote about how he wished his life was, not how it actually was, how he wanted it to be. I thought that was really cool, to be able to twist anything and make a positive message out of it. I’ve learned a lot from him out of my 30 years of studying him. I was really blessed that he put great music in front of me for me to learn from versus some of the stuff that’s pretty bad [laughs].  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. From all of these influences, how is it that you came to the sound you have now? I have a lot of modern influences even just in production, with the sound and current alternative stuff. Finding your niche within that, going back and taking some older retro production vibes and going in some of that—I would say it came from a lot of trial and error, honestly, just throwing a bunch of things at the wall. I was frustrated with not having a sound, so I went back and listened to a lot of Beach Boys stuff, as well as diving into deep tracks of music, while always wanting to make stuff that lasts for a long time. You find inspiration from the best.   You’re getting what inspiration you can from different artists and injecting it into your own style. Exactly. It’s like I really liked the way they presented that sound, how they had fifty different voices way back then, and just finding your own voice within that. A lot of the stuff I love listening to is just stuff that I want to drive to. Then I did a bunch of tours with just me and an acoustic, that singer-songwriter stuff. That’s a different side of me that is there, but after a while you just want to put on a rock show, you want to have fun, you want to express yourself and do crazy shit and not give a fuck about anybody.  GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and talents own ring. That’s actually what I wanted to ask you about next, about your shift from performing solo to having a band. It makes sense that you did it like your father before with the singer-songwriter aspect, and then you wanted to branch out.  That side of it for me is about expressing your emotions. You’ll to be up there, you’re vulnerable, and pouring your soul out. The band stuff and the energy—the crowd has so much to do with it. It’s such a release to be able to express yourself, and be that big, and be that loud, and to do whatever the fuck you wanna do. There’s such a rush in that, and when you go on and perform, you just black out—from the time it starts to the time it ends. Then all of a sudden I’m going, “Wait, is it over? Did that just happen?” It’s almost like its own drug, which you can get out of the singer-songwriter stuff, but that’s a little more therapeutic, and reliving some dark, heavier stuff.  You also have this support network of the rest of your band with you on stage.  Yeah. It’s fun to be able to make music with your friends, to shake out all of your anxiety, and nerves. I’m not a great dancer, so on stage I can just do the weirdest, craziest, stupidest stuff, and not give a fuck. That’s one of the things I like. That’s the only time you’re gonna see me blow off steam. It’s almost like you turn into a different person, which I love. That has a very similar connection with me that acting does. When acting, you get to disappear for a second. GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and KSWISS shoes. I really like that, because there’s also this other side of performing that’s filled with nerves, and you’re always worried about what people will think. But when it’s right for you, you just melt into it.  Once you say, “Fuck it,” and jump off…The first time I started doing live stuff with a band, I was learning my body, and how I move, and how I do things. But then, once you rip the band aid off and learn to not give a shit, to just have fun and move around like nobody’s watching…that’s the best. Once you can take that jump, it’s fun.  Great. I’m wondering, what artists today would you like to collaborate with if you had the opportunity? I would love to collaborate with Sting or, I listened to a lot of Aerosmith growing up they were probably one of my favorite bands. I don’t know what that would sound like, but probably more so the legends. Just to be able to say I did it and pick their brain. To get into their headspace and see what their creative process is like. Yeah, I’d ask a lot of questions like, “Hey, when you wrote ‘Dude (Looks Like a Lady),’ what was the story behind that? I’d probably be the most annoying person sitting next to them, because I would be asking them so many questions. I find that the process of songwriting is so different for everybody that “What inspired this, what inspired this, what inspired this” might open your eyes to all the things around you that you wouldn’t normally pay attention to.  BEN SHERMAN t-shirt, KENZO pants, and BALLY shoes. Going off of that, I want to ask you a similar question about your upcoming single “My Ex.” The songs on your Man on the Moon EP have a lot to do with past relationships and the effect they had on you. How does this single play off that? What inspired this direction that you’re going in? I wrote this song the next day after running into one of my exes. I ran into her at the bar and she was with one of her friends, and I used to hang out with both of them when we were together. I run into this person all the time, and I ran into her, and every time I run into her she’s with her boyfriend. It’s a little odd, because he’s just a little bit odd about it. We’re cool though, I love her to death she’s super sweet. She started flirting with me a little bit, talking and drinking. To make a long story short, we hung out and afterwards I felt like she was making a move on me—not that I would’ve done anything. Then her boyfriend showed up and the whole vibe completely changed. I found all of this really interesting, so the next day when I went into the studio to write, I started working on the track with my buddy, and in thirty minutes I had the song written. The thing I thought was interesting was, what if I actually did go home with my ex-girlfriend and she left her current boyfriend? I just thought that would’ve been an interesting hypothetical situation, because once you had that relationship with somebody, there’s always something that’s underneath a little bit. You’re always wondering “What if it turned out differently?  When you’re young, relationships end for reasons that when you’re older I’m sure they never would. There’s probably a reason and a good reason it did end. I self-examine a lot of my dating life. It’s an easy thing for me to really look at that while I’m writing.  That’s a positive thing—self-examination, looking at how everything went down and how you can change for the future—it’s a very good thing. It’s very much like therapy.  Like self-therapy almost.  It is difficult to analyze yourself without you running through your own protective filter. When something happens in a relationship, people see it from a slanted view where they end up not being as harsh on themselves as they are on the person they’re breaking up with. Being that way with yourself can be tough.  KENZO jacket and pants. Very true. My final question is, you know how people usually get an impression of an artist whenever they listen to their album or a single. I’m wondering, with the debut album you’re releasing next year, is there a specific impression you want people to get of you, whether as a person or as a musician? That’s a good question. My goal for this next batch of songs is—everybody relates to love, loss, things changing. They might not relate to the exact story, but everybody has felt that way, everyone has had that emotion. Being able to really put out emotions that are relatable, that hard stuff that you don’t really want to talk about, or being able to share the good feelings. It’s about being able to emote and give people something they can relate to.  They end up feeling an emotional connection to it. They have a connection to the music. Even if it is specific to my story. That’s probably the main goal.  That’s probably the main unifier between people and music—the ability to connect with an emotion or lyric, anything about it—it’s great.  It could just be a lyric, it could be something that makes you say “I felt that way.” Even Drake with “Why you gotta fight with me at Cheesecake Factory/ You know I love to go there.” That’s funny, and it’s real. I think it’s genius how specific that is, because you can’t make that shit up.  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. It’s specific enough that you can imagine being in a similar situation. Everybody has got into a fight with somebody at a place like that. Cheesecake Factory is just—I think that’s hilarious. Drake does that better than anyone. Great. That’s it on my part, is there anything you wanted to talk about that we haven’t touched on? We talked about the sound, the inspiration…The one thing I also wanted to talk about…just the…I guess we talked about it. Letting people in and getting a good look at who I actually am and what goes on behind the curtains, what grinds my gears I guess. Especially with this new project you’re doing, it’s a new path, and for people to see that and get their impression of you, it’s really important. It’s new for me, but it’s also thirty years of  my experience in self-discovery, and giving people a look into the reality of where I’ve been and where I’ve come from, that’s really important. That’s great. We very much look forward to your new material.  Yeah, I’m constantly writing, so hopefully I’ll get a bunch of new stuff out there.  Photographed by Jonny Marlow at Early Morning Riot. Styled by Brendon Alexander. Grooming: Avian King using Davines at The Rex Agency. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   A woman with a past containing hardships to a future where she can clearly see what she wants, Diana Gordon is back with her new single, “Becoming” which is all about celebrating hard work, being in control, and having her family by her side. She is a multi talented woman who sings, song writes, produces, and is a visual artist. Diana is not afraid to be herself and through her voice and singing, she has been able to have an emotional outlet. Her music is a mix of rhythmic drums, alternative rock, and dark folk, which create a melodic base for her powerful and captivating voice.  Diana has won Grammys in the past for her songwriting and producing work with many prominent artists, including Mark Ronson, Dua Lipa (“Electricity”), Beyonce ("Sorry", "Daddy Lessons", "Don't Hurt Yourself'), and more.  Her 2018 EP Pure was described by Pitchfork as being, “marked by her striking voice and emotional candor.” Diana has an album set to come out next year and will follow the tone of her new single “Becoming.”   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The high desert has remained as popular as it was 40 years ago to getaway to, when your dad was planning a Joshua Tree trip with his buddies and forgot to pack the trail mix, as well as the good suede boston birkenstock’s.  HWY 62 ART TOURS is becoming one of the fastest growing attractions taking place over 3 weekends in October, featuring 150 artists opening their studios to showcase artwork.  Part of the fun derrives from its self-driven aspect, furtherly explained by Art Tours Director, Bill Green: “The best thing about the Art Tours is that you never know what you’ll discover. With over 30 different categories of art, you might see a tile house followed by an abstract painter followed by a sculptor. You get to choose what you want based on your interest. There are so many different artists here with unique studio spaces that you can’t possibly see them all. It’s a big reason why we went to three weekends this year.” This special desert art tour taking place under the stars will take place this month in October over the spand of 3 weeks.  Weekend Oct. 5th & 6th, the 11th & 12th, and lastly the 18th & 19th. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Photo courtesy Nike. This is what we have been waiting for. In Los Angeles, Nike is coming out with limited-edition Air Max 270 React sneakers and fleece hoodies. Not only are they limited-edition, they are specially-designed by three talented L.A. artists: Sage Adams, Jheyda McGarrell, and Gabrielle Richardson. Each artist used their stories to create a this new collection of sneakers and hoodies, incorporating their unique style and flare. Flaunt was fortunate enough to get to chat with the women, see below.  SAGE ADAMS: The NY Transplant “Designed by artist and curator Sage Adams, this Air Max 270 React is a reinvention of the classic white shoe that Adams saw in her childhood. The shoe comes outfitted with a pizza slice charm to nod to the classic comfort from her home-state, a reminder to pay tribute to your roots.” What inspired you to pursue art? For me the lack of representation of marginalized people as popular visual artists really spoke to a gap I wanted to fill. We needed more than Basquiat, we needed to know Carrie Mae Weems, Kara Walker, Henry Taylor! I needed to see more of a spectrum of the stories being told and mediums used.  Do you feel that art has opened up new possibilities for expression for you?  Art In many ways has taken over how I see the world. Before I started breaking things down into shape rather than how they ‘actually look’ was the moment I began to feel like an artist. It’s opened my mind to an array of possibilities otherwise deemed impossible. I didn’t even think I could draw as a kid. What is the process you go through when curating an exhibition? Do you have a specific message in mind? For me it’s getting to know the artist and what made them make the thing and then it’s how do these things come together to tell the story.  What connects the works, what makes them different from other pieces in archive? What medium? What does the architecture of the actual gallery space look like? Creating an authentic representation of an idea or ethos is one of the hardest and most rewarding things there is.   JHEYDA MCGARRELL: The Homegrown Angeleno “L.A. native artist Jheyda McGarrell’s take on the Air Max 270 React is influenced by her Black and Mexican upbringing. Pops of red pay homage to rose bushes grown in the front yard of her childhood home, while gold accents represent the evolving idea of opulence for Black and Brown communities. Topped off with a cherub charm, a reminder to honor traditions and use the lessons of the past to keep it moving forward.” Questions for Jhyeda Mcgarrell: How does your heritage, as an Angeleno of both Black and Mexican decent, reflect onto your artwork? My heritage is reflected in all of my work due to the heavy impact of it in my formation. The contention of growing up experiencing all these different aspects of culture and tradition is an experience many without their stories ever been told. This specific project in my mind has worked to piece together the different aspects of the different culture backgrounds, that our two cultures share. This shoe to me bridges the created tension of an American landscape. It shows the ways we are one and the ways people like me live between these different ideologies and physical spaces. It bridges the weird black kid in the white neighborhood to the dark skinned mixed Mexican kid growing up with Tias smoothing down their curls and gives us space to just be all our different facets without contention.  What was the most rewarding and challenging part of this process? The most rewarding part in this has been seeing the smile on my mom’s face when I told her I was working on a collaboration with Nike. The most challenging but also rewarding part has been working with an entire crew of people to execute an idea which is still relatively new to me. It’s so beautiful to see all these brilliant, different minds working to make something I once imagined.  What do you hope people feel when they wear your shoes/hoodie? Confidence? Individuality?  I hope when they wear the apparel they feel like they are truly reflecting their highest self. I hope they feel comfortable and free. I hope they feel every good emotion that has been out into the making and the lifestyle behind the creation. I hope they feel loved because I know I do from them.  What qualities do you see in yourself that you know you got from your family? Pretty much everything. My family is completely made up of immigrants and all of the qualities I’ve gained from their strength and preservation in a country against them is appreciated. I have learned love and a desire to improve our lives and the lives around us and to honor heritage. I have learned even the qualities they might oppose in me. I have learned to always crave freedom and to always have a strong sense of self among so many other things.  It is so amazing that you get to work with Nike to be a source of inspiration for many people. What has inspired you, and in return, what do you want your work to inspire in others?  Thank you! It is literally such an honor. I’ve been inspired by everyone around me embodying the phrase “existence is resistance”. I’ve been inspired by the black, the brown, the indigenous, the queer, the trans, the fat, the disabled, the people who make up the qualities most worth embodying, utter freedom of expression and true strength. I hope my work inspires people to follow myself and others in moving forward towards freeing themselves and seeing the value in their everyday life, even when it’s boring, even if you hate yourself, like I did once and still do sometimes, I hope they know they are important.  GABRIELLE RICHARDSON: The Passionate Traveler “Neon meets pastel in a technicolor dream in the Air Max 270 React designed by model and multimedia artist Gabrielle Richardson. The colorway exhibits the dichotomy of the modern-day jetsetter — neon being those moments of movement, and pastels representing the comforts of home. Embellished with a ‘Real’ charm, an encouragement to make creative dreams a reality without letting others restrict your point of view.” Questions for Gabby Richardson: Which place that you’ve travelled to been the most influential, or just your favorite and why? I think the most influential place I’ve ever been is in Cape Town, South Africa. It was beautiful to be in a majority black country, but still felt a sense of disillusion being in a country with such an intense racial caste system. I felt so lucky to be in Africa, a continent that felt so connected to my identity but where I had never been. I met so many young talented South African artists in Cape Town who shared their art with me, and it reinforced my drive to do better to create and facilitate spaces for young black kids globally. What do you want people to feel or think when wearing your design? I want people to feel validated, I want to give people hope. I want people to know, in our constant shared state of anxiety that we live in that there is a silver lining. I used the neon colors because they’re utilitarian colors used often in industrial and emergency settings, I offset the abrasive colors with pastels to give it a sense of softness, and a sheer window so people can show off their personality. I think the real chain is self-explanatory, what you do, whatever you want to do, that shits real, that shits valid, don’t let anyone limit you and tell you that your aspirations are fake. What does it mean for you to be a part of Nike’s limited edition collection? It feels crazy! I As a child I never thought it was a possibility for me to work in the creative world and even more of a ludicrous fantasy to be able to have my own shoe. I think it’s a testament that any dream you have can be built. This journey with Nike has been a really formative experience for me as artist, I have never been so affirmed in my artistry. I was able to direct so many aspects of the campaign from the casting, color ways, and insert in the shoe. Being believed in is a magic that I want to pass on. Everything can be real!! What does travel mean to you? Through my time traveling I’ve realized that I learn mostly through experience. Through meeting people and exchanging stories of each other’s lives, I not only gain an objective knowledge but also broaden my emotional intelligence. A willingness to learn doesn't have to only connote traditional practices of learning, an education can be childlike and involves a lot of falling and getting back up. Traveling allows to see me to see the world for the first time always, everything and anything can fill me with wonder.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    WILDFOX clothing.  WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, JF LONDON shoes, ASOS belt, and KRYSIA RENAI necklace.  WILDFOX clothing and DALMATA necklace and ring.  WILDFOX clothing, B JAMES bag, WOLF CIRCUS necklace, and FARRADAS KNITS clips.  WILDFOX t-shirt and CLYDE hat  WILDFOX clothing, ASOS headband, IMAGO-A belt, and MALONE SOULIERS shoes.  WILDFOX clothing and MISCREANTS gloves.   Left to right: WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, VIA SPIGA shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. WILDFOX sunglasses, MALONE SOULIERS shoes, FARRADAS KNITSearrings, I.O. COLLECTIVE ring, and NORA KOGAN ring.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings.  WILDFOX clothing, TIBI belt, LADY GREY earrings, and MARY MACGILL necklace.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. In a city more rife with wantrepreneurs than we care to truly consider, there are origin stories aplenty. Divided this in two, split that up, and presto! Success! Took the family business and scaled it. Had an invention idea come in a dream and now we're shipping ten thousand units. Was in the right place at the right time. Knew a guy who knew a guy and the rest is history. Often rather boring stories. But how often do you hear of success stories that originate in the club? Business is done in clubs, business is celebrated in clubs, but rarely do you witness material success be birthed in the club. Enter saxophonist and entrepreneur Jimmy Sommers, CEO of Wildfox and 100% owner of the lifestyle brand known for its sun-soaked, sexy California attitude. In addition to being Wildfox CEO, Jimmy Sommers is a partner in top shelf tequila, Perfectomundo, with multi-Grammy winning DJ and producer, Paul Oakenfold, and owns a boutique line of beautifully hand-forged eyewear, very appropriately named Sommers.  Wildfox was birthed over a decade ago. While throwing must-attend parties all over the world, and made in LA units flying fast, the company navigated the economic recession and explosion of e-commerce with a big smile on its face. The birth of influencer marketing across Instagram, however, and a glut of fast, cheap fashion brands, have created challenges in recent seasons, and Sommers is continually seeking ways in which to stay true to how his brand was built and scaled, while integrating a modern sensibility for how fashion is currently consumed. Sommers took time on the deck of his Modern home in the Hollywood Hills, to speak on the changes he's witnessed in the apparel industry, as well as Los Angeles, as well as his only-in-Hollywood story of rising to musical prominence, and in so doing, creating a platform for himself with which to meet the world and explore other ventures. In support is a Wildfox Fall '19 editorial, photographed on the azure hills of Malibu late this summer by frequent Flaunt photographer, Shane McCauley. You found your footing in Hollywood with an exceptional saxophone talent right?  Exactly, being good at something was my way in. The saxophone was my in to Hollywood, in to different events, meeting people. It was a tool. I used the sax as a tool. In college I got a scholarship for it. Then I got to take a crack at LA because I had a reason: to become a professional saxophone player. I was very fortunate to have parents that are supportive and together still, which is rare. They’re my backbone.   And what sort of evolutions have you observed in the music industry over time? The music industry is… well, it’s funny because when I came out here there was something called smooth jazz, and there were jazz and smooth jazz stations. I grew up listening to David Sanborn and Marcus Miller and their style was my key influence. I had gigs all the time. But that’s changed and so has my music career. I used to go on tour all the time. So, the radio stations changed their formats and then comes Hip-Hop. When I was out here recording, it was Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg and Tupac and that era, which was cool shit—it still is cool—but now it’s a whole new and different thing.  You actually mentioned you recorded with all manner of artists at the time, like Tupac himself? Well it just happened that Dr. Dre and Tupac’s engineer lived in my house on Sunset. That’s how it came to be. All of the sudden I was exposed to this music, so then I was playing with them… What’s interesting is that when I was out here, I played saxophone at the China Club, and the China Club is where all the musicians came. I played with Prince, I played with the Kal David band. Rick James came to play. I was immersed with all these great musicians. And what was the sort of lightning bolt moment that deepened your involvement? I was a guest at a part of John Paul DeJoria’s house, the guy that started Paul Mitchell. I was at the bar drinking Patrón with Rod Stewart, who I had just met. We got to laughing and I said, “Rod, let’s go play with the band. I’ve got my sax in the car.” I went to get out my sax and next thing we’re on stage with the band. And that’s where JP was like, ‘Wow, you’re great.’ I didn’t have a record deal at the time, but he was like, ‘How can I help you? Come to my office.’ So inspiring. So I end up playing his gatherings where ten thousand people come, all his hairdressers. He puts a package together, about a hundred and fifty thousand CDs, and distributes them at the salons, which was a catapult to me getting a record deal. It was outside the box, and that really helped me stand out from the rest. That’s what he does. He builds people up. All of the sudden, when my record was done, all of the record labels wanted some. That’s when I ended up getting into the record business with Universal. They pushed me because JP believed in me. And what a vision. He actually started Patrón Tequila 29 years ago, sold it for five billion bucks. And what is he doing now? Giving back. He’s doing great things, and he’s always done that. Doesn’t just go buy a yacht or whatever. He’s such a humanitarian. The guy is just too good to be true. WILDFOX clothing And now you’ve launched your own tequila brand, Perfectomundo? My best friend met someone that owned the best distillery in Mexico. He said ‘we have the best blend of Tequila,’ so we decided to make it. We ended up collaborating with Paul Oakenfold to do Perfectomundo tequila, which is the same name as Paul’s label. It seemed like a good fit. It’s nice to have a business with friends that you can enjoy. We started it a couple years ago, and it’s doing great, and God damn you should try it. It’s delicious! Tequila’s growing big time. And ours has been rated in several shows and tastings, it’s won a lot of awards. The problem with these big tequila companies is they can’t make it fast enough. So they pump it through, and it’s not as good anymore. Being a boutique brand, it’s small batches, and extremely good. Has LA changed a lot to you since coming here? Oh man, in so many ways. To start, there was no bottle service. You’d go out, it wasn’t all the phones with the cameras. You’d go out there, you’d talk to people, not everyone was staring at their phones. That’s just in general, not just LA. But it’s not the same as it used to be. It still is beautiful. It’s still got talented people. Beautiful beaches, you know, beautiful hills. I suppose it’s just that technology has changed.   And how did you make the music to fashion transition? Were you inspired by something in general? Being in that circuit, going to Paris, seeing all that, the fashion shows and having friends in the fashion business was major. And what goes on in London, Paris, Milan—it's so different. Music propelled me to go and experience the world and fortunately enough there came an opportunity to get involved in something else. I knew what was going on in fashion, I was going to the trade shows, seeing what people were doing out there. And to put a different spin on something was key. These two girls came and pitched an idea, something different with a t-shirt company. Oversized, different shapes, something completely different. That’s when we first launched Wildfox. And of course it blew up. Was there a key moment in time? A couple girls came to me with an idea. I said as long as it’s the coziest, softest material, I’m down. That’s what I was going for—the best materials with the right washes. But, we couldn’t even get into the majors, because we had just started. One day, a friend, Alessandra Ambrosio, said, ‘Jimmy Sommers, I’ll model for you. I’ll put your clothes on and I’ll take some pictures. But you do it! You take the pictures.’ So when she was in town, I threw the T-Shirts on her. I had never done this before, so I went to Samy’s Camera and said, ‘Give me your best camera.; It was a 5D and I said, ‘Well, what do you do? I’m shooting a Victoria’s Secret model, what do you do?’ And they just go, ‘Yeah right, sir. Just put it in auto.”’ So, I bought the camera for five grand and went and she put on all the shirts. Then Alessandra was like, ‘Well you can’t use these because Victoria’s Secret is going to get mad.’ So, I said, ‘Ok, of course not, I won’t use these.’ Then, at the trade show, I blew up the biggest photo of her, which was overlooking the whole show. People took notice, and the first order I got was a $60,000 order from Kitson. And I go, ‘How did you see us over here? We’re not even in the main show!?’ And of course they said ‘well, we saw that poster of Alessandra.’ Of course, I was in debt, so it was so great. Alessandra was the key thing. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. How would you describe the identity of the Wildfox brand, how it came to be a force? I’d say along the lines of, ‘Oh, that’s the brand with the softest material,’ the funny sayings, ‘celebrities wear it’, that sorta thing. As the current Wildfox CEO, I ensure we make all our clothes in LA, and it’s great stuff that’ll last forever. Quality. Any person that has a shirt since we started is still wearing it—I’m wearing one right now. They’re out there and they’ve got a frickin’ Wildfox—especially in LA and New York and London—they have something of ours in their closet. Now these other brands come, these fast fashion brands that have Internet money, and it’s cheaper clothes. And there’s all this paying people to wear stuff. We never had to do that when I started. And there’s a lot of that now. Yes, and the mimicry scales so fast. There’s a lot of copycat brands, but what can you do? Just be original. When I started as Wildfox CEO, we thought simply: let’s make t-shirts like butter. The softest t-shirts ever. People say that our first shirts are like fine wine. They just keep getting better and better. They don’t fall apart. Now we have to keep evolving and doing other things. From dresses and higher fashion stuff. Everyone still loves a good shirt and sweats and loungewear, but you have to watch where the world is up to. And now we’re all watching each other on little screens? Yes! Instagram wasn’t around when we started. In fact, we were one of the first accounts to get so many followers. Now, everyone’s influenced by it, which is kind of sad, because it can easily get carried away. It’s good to get these people’s support, but you know… these influencers have so much coming to them. If someone likes a brand, they’ll wear it and talk about it. I talk about a lot of things I like. But, like, one post? It’s not sincere. Left to right: CLYDE hat, JF LONDON shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. CLYDE hat, HARDEMAN shoes, stylist’s own socks, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings. And have you felt tested by owning a company, dealing with the ebbs and flows from the top? Of course. Having a company, you’re working with people, spending more time with your colleagues than anyone. It’s nice to do special things and, hey, if you can be successful and be funny as a company, isn’t that great for everyone involved? Me, being an artist, I get carried away a little and spend too much, and it catches up. This month we are restructuring our offices, tightening up my business. Now we have all these incredible new designs, and there’s excitement at first, then a little stagnancy. Like a relationship. You have to keep tooling and pushing. And do you feel the trajectory is normal for a brand, like a cycle, or is Jimmy Sommers’ Wildfox different?  There are unique circumstances to Wildfox and then much of it is normal high’s and low’s for any brand. Looking back, when you’re rising every year, a lot of big brands would call me and I gave them the middle finger because I thought everything was going to keep going up. ‘I don’t need this, everything's fine.’ But sometimes you do need someone to come in and give some help. It’s been my strategy to stay a one hundred percent owner, but I'm always looking for a strategic partner who can grow it bigger and bigger. You’re always hearing about the pitfalls of growth in the fashion and apparel industry. Any truth to that? You get cocky, but, you know, the consistent factor is you always need some really good people around. I’m still dealing with people that I find out they were faking it. It’s like, what was I doing for the last seven years paying you a hundred and twenty grand? What were you doing? Because I love it when people leave or go and you don’t even need to replace them. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. And how about outside insights or consultation? Not being from this business, I’ve hired a lot of consultants. I’ve figured out that they’ve told me everything I was already doing. With consultants, I’ve learned they’re typically the failed CEOs of their own businesses, or CEOs that got fired, and they want a lot of money. Every consultant I’ve taken aboard hasn’t changed shit. They’ll move certain things around and they’re just shuffling papers. They’ll come in and paper shuffle, and it’s like ‘Oh my God, how much money am I spending?’ So perhaps it’s more in the creative structure? Who at this stage might you think to be an ideal partner? It’s got to be a funny cat. Look at Pharrell! He’s got all this crazy music, he’s great. We’ve met a few times and once I was like, ‘Aren’t you doing fashion?’ and he named four different companies. Wow, what a talent. So someone like that I’d like to get in the mix. New approach on creative ideas. Even Nike does all these things. Collaborations are big business these days. It sparks energy into something, so I’m looking for collabs and there’s a lot of possibilities. Jimmy, aside from being Wildfox CEO and tequila entrepreneur, how about your personal trajectory? Any excerpts from the book of life? All you can do is just learn from life and other people. But you have to trust other people so you truly can learn from them. And that doesn’t always work out, but you have to try. ‘If you look back,’ my father used to ask me, ‘would you change anything?’ You know what, no I wouldn’t. But maybe I have to say that because my father asked me! And how about music? You’re still keeping an eye on the scene? I’m always supporting new artists, as I was one back in the day. Lately I’ve been signing country artists. I know how it is, it’s tough. So it’s nice for me to help out other people, and not just for one song. You have to throw a lot in there and see what sticks. I did that with my music. I worked on three albums at once, and could never finish anything! But then I’d be putting together a record in Chicago, and I’d meet someone and they’d be like, ‘Let’s have ten songs in three months.’ And I was like, ‘Wow, that works.’ Deadlines are important! CLYDE hat, TIBI shoes, IMAGO-A bag, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace. And you’re building a studio up here in the Hills? It’s pretty amazing, the sound. I have a great sound system up here, and you can really hear when someone knows how to record, or mix. Man, that’s a big deal, the mixing. My favorite place to create is like this, where something sounds good. You know, in the Hills, in the studio. That’s why Tupac and everyone used to roll through back in the day! I had a recording studio! That’s why I’m building a new one up here. It’s a special spot. When you’re first in the Hills, you look out there and you’re thinking ‘Wow, I wanna move out here.’ And so I’ve always lived in the Hills, from all the way around. Like seven different houses, and I finally bought one. I look out, and I see the city sparkling, and all those people and their lives from here to as far as you can see, and you’re just on top of the hill, on top of the world. It feels frickin’ good, and it still does. And how’s it all going to land? What’s the big picture look like? Well, it would be nice to have a great relationship, and kids, and this and that. But who knows? Let’s just say I’m gonna die however, but with a smile on my face. Peter Fonda just passed away, and you know, his sister Jane, that’s what she said, that he ‘passed but he had a smile on his face.’ It’s like, have a good ride, because we’re not here forever. Photographed by Shane McCauley.  Flaunt Film Directed by Lucas Chemotti. Models: Dani Dolinger at LA Models and Patterson Wells at Visions Models LA. Styled by Britton Litow. Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co and Oribe at Nest Artists. Makeup: Cedric Jolivet using MAC Cosmetics at Lowe & Co. Manicurist: Lisa Jachno using Chanel Le Vernis at Opus Beauty. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019 The contemporary jewelry line, AGMES, is the brainchild of Morgan and Jaclyn Solomon. Each collection is influenced by facets of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art. The geometric and sculptural, metallic silhouettes reflect modern heirlooms, meant to last a lifetime. Handcrafted in New York, the sisters provide local jobs and utilize recycled metals, which is central to their code of ethicality. With the release of their Fall 2019 lookbook, Flaunt spoke with the Solomon gals to chat all things AGMES. Tell us about the inception of AGMES. Morgan Solomon: We hadn’t anticipated starting a line together years ago, it all happened naturally and kind of fell into place this way. I was working as a buyer at Bloomingdale’s at the time but always felt like something was missing in my life. After catching up with an old friend, I was re-inspired and decided to pursue jewelry design full-time. Meanwhile, Jaclyn had just resigned from her job as a sweater designer at Proenza Schouler. She had planned to take a little time off, but as I was getting ready to launch my first collection, I was asking her for more and more input. It started out with small projects, to larger projects like producing our first lookbook, and naturally led us to form a partnership. What aspects of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art inspire the geometry of your designs? MS: Our collection is very sculptural in nature, so we’re often inspired by sculptors such as Jean Arp, Henry Moore, and Barbara Hepworth, to name a few. We’ve also been greatly inspired by the designs of Charlotte Perriand, Pierre Jeanneret, and Mies van der Rohe. For our most recent SS19 collection, we drew from Ellsworth Kelly’s plant drawings. What dedications has the brand made in regards to sustainability?  MS: Sustainability has always been very important to us, but we feel that now more than ever, it’s crucial to keep our environmental footprint as small as possible. There is so much waste in this industry, and we think it’s our responsibility to make sure we’re not adding to the problem. All our products are made locally in NYC, which helps keep our carbon footprint small, and we use only recycled metals for all our jewelry. Any excess metal that hasn’t been used in our jewelry is melted and repurposed for new pieces.  Jaclyn Solomon: We recycle and reuse everything we can. We’re always bringing in bubble wrap, packaging materials, boxes, etc. from packages we receive at home so that we can reuse them instead of letting them go to waste. What are some of the ideas and concepts behind your Fall 2019 collection? JS: We drew from one of our favorite pieces from the existing collection, the Gabriela Bangle, which we had hand-formed from clay. We love the weight of this piece, the feel of it, and the look. So we wanted to continue playing with this sculptural hand-formed look, but play with the proportions and symmetry further. Most of this collection came from pieces we hand-formed from clay. Do you have a favorite piece from the collection? JS: My favorite is the Gabriela Hairclip! MS: I’ve been wearing the Medium Celia Hoops almost every day lately. And I’ve also been wearing our Domed Ring layered with the Cara Ring from last season. I love being able to build off the styles I already have.  What’s next?  MS: We’ve only just begun expanding into the accessories category – first jewelry, and then we introduced some home and hair accessories. We’ve been exploring the idea of expanding further into these categories, in a way that stays true to us – beautiful organic forms, all of which will become modern heirlooms and embody a sense of timelessness. Photography: Arno Frugier Creative direction: Ashley Helvey Model: Audrey Marnay Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   It’s now just about four years since John Galliano was hired in the fall of 2014 to lead the creative direction for Maison Martin Margiela, now just Maison Margiela. In the first few seasons, Galliano experimented with his own versions of the house codes of construction/deconstruction. Since then the designer relaunched the haute couture Artisanal line in January 2016, that combined hybrids of fine tailoring with embellishments and experimentation on what exactly is or ought to be a jacket or a coat. With his men’s and women’s fall 2018 Artisanal shows presented separately this summer, Galliano crystallized his thinking – how a thought of a garment through inventive cutting and draping can result in a different garment in what the designer called “the memory of a garment.” Galliano said in THE MEMORY OF... With John Galliano podcast to explain himself that, "it’s like seeing the Mount Atlas with the hay and later remembering the early morning mist that recalled the mountain or a person who hadn’t been seen in a long time, but the image of her in memory remained clear."  For clothes, it’s the same process, where the memory lingered and that memory may not have produced the same garment but a completely new one. That garment can be so ‘nomadic’ that a skirt can be turned upside down to become a cape, or that the specific genre of an actual physical garment can now transcend the notion of gender  - “through cut and drape without having the think about specific gender is truly transformative.” “There is no such thing as normal!”  “#mutiny” “Dress as Yourself” were the messages accompanied by a black and white film of different cast of models and actresses – mutants Willow Smith, Princess Nokia, Molly Blair, Sasha Lane, Teddy Quinlivan - expressing themselves over video feed in the Grand Palais space prior to the start of the show. This expression questioned the norms of clothing for those who engender a different outlook of masculinity and femininity where the body is a work of art far beyond the historical divide of man/woman.  The concept developed separately for the fall Artisanal shows now converged with one garment that may be on the verge of becoming another garment.  In terms of clothes, The show opened with a grey wool cape with slight boat neckline and cutouts on the side that probably was a memory of a long skirt converted to a ‘jacket’. With the outline of a single-breasted jacket the front vents were sewn onto the ‘cape’ worn with a knee length skirt; a black cotton cape that is becoming a pocketed coat dress in the front or a black spaghetti strap dress becoming a short sleeve on a male model; a black sheath dress with jacket suiting trims details worn by a female model.   The collection was full of great clothes – a light pink long trench, a skinny black leather coat enmeshed by a black sweater, a long black crepe coat, a high shoulder loose large lapel pantsuit, a slim fitted cropped single-breasted suit and large collar knit, several lacy sheath dresses worn with overcoats, or a gold brocade sleeveless side cut-out dress. Although genderless clothes is not a new concept – Jean Paul Gaulier showed a collection called ‘A Wardrobe for Two’ for Spring 1985 and has in his career cross dressed both sexes – the classic men’s skirt-combo-pants for example – or Thom Browne showed practically an entire men’s show for spring-summer 2018 with buff guys all wearing light gray dresses and skirt suits of all kinds.  But by questioning what should a garment be, Galliano advanced the basic idea of fashion design, a notion that even in Paris seemed like a concept of the past in this high speed digital age and how to move fashion forward through innovative and experimental concepts. Written by: Long Nguyen Photos courtesy of Maison Margiela Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The Dior tent, built each season for the show, moved out of the Rodin Museum to the nearby horse race track at the Hippodrome de Longchamp, simply because the museum ground wasn’t ample enough to fit a rectangular white painted box with enough height and width for a modern dance troupe to adequately perform. On the front of the white tent were handwritten mantras from twentieth century innovators in modern dance – Pina Bausch, Martha Graham, Isadora Duncan, Ruth Saint Denis, and dance heroine Loïc Fuller, who inspired the setting and the accouterments for the clothes on the models as they walked amongst the dancers.   “Everything must come from the heart; must be lived” and “I am not interested in how people move, I am interested in what makes them move:” Pina Bausch. “The story comes from inside the Body:” Sharon Eyal. “Dance is the movement of the universe concentrated in an individual:” Isadora Duncan. These were some of the handwritten quotes from the reigning figures of modern dance that set the tone to Marua Grazia Chiuri’s collection of softer silhouettes in motion. Dresses and pantsuits that started with a stretch tank and stretch bodysuit as a base, anchored full skirts, or even tutus, worn with jackets, or as dresses, and replaced the rigid corset to allow for smoother movements. “It’s not the question of bodily perfection, but of flexibility and strength of movement,” said Sharon Eyal, a Tel Aviv based choreographer who was trained at the Batssheva Dance Company. Male and female dancers from the dance company so gracefully move around the grand stage and in between the models.   The show opened with a male dancer stretching slowly to the music as the first model exited in a loose black tunic over black pants, then a white stretch ruched jumpsuit, a grey layered tank strap long dress, followed by a series of nude flared taffeta skirts and stretch long sleeve tees and black knit and tulle combo dresses and separates. The models zig-zagged in between the dancers, wearing a flawless commercial collection, many of the styles and looks already prevalent in Grazia Chiuri’s previous Dior shows. They were very prevalent among the clothes worn by the numerous clients that attended the show in head-to-toe Dior. The designer’s signature look of a new bar jacket and long flared tulle skirt came in black crêpe worn with black tights. Many of the clients who came to the show wore this similar silhouette, a few pairing it with a boat neck jacket.   Choosing dance as a base allowed the designer to loosen her silhouettes, thus making the clothes look less dressy and perhaps more commercial friendly. Scattered throughout the show, unless one’s attention was totally fixed on the flawless movements of the dancers crisscrossing the black wooden floor, were the money makers. The Saddle bag, the logoed tog bag, and multiple logo shoes and most of the easy pieces bound to be commercial successes were all in attendance.  The loose silhouettes featured these larger more ominous shapes. There were many fine looks that could walk straight from runway to the street such as a nude jacket with flared short pants or a nude short sleeve slim cashmere coat with pleated skirt and long sleeve stretch tank. Toward the end of the show there were a series of faded and tied dyed denim short pants, loose jeans, and jeans jackets done in homage to urban dance but also to keep the Dior brand relevant to the critical street wear scene.  Is it all for the Dior? Or must Dior have to be a revolutionary brand in terms of design – remember that the 1947 New Look was nothing short of renewing what fashion can mean for society at large? So much was spoken for the innovative approaches to modern dance by the likes of Bausch, Graham, and Duncan that a corresponding set of new ideas were needed for balance on the fashion side.  Creating revolutionary fashion is an endeavor that is expected at Dior. To be a paramount and leader of fashion design above all; that too was the heritage of Dior and that heritage was missing at this show. And I also remember seeing several clients wearing black sweatshirts with the imprint – Dior(evolution).   Written by Long Nguyen Photos courtesy of Julia Perie for Christian Dior Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The Virgo’s light is about to fade, but before it does, let’s shop, shop, shop! Whether it be a little help getting to the right place, or the must need scent of glory, your Virgo is sorted to look fine, smell fine, (with our help), break out of that goodie-goodie babe-next-door mold. LOUIS VUITTON Tambour Horizon watch. Punctuality is a must for a Virgos. They like to be on time and expect everyone else to do the same. Gift your Virgo a watch so they always have time on their side. REGIMES DES FLEURS scents Fauna, Falling Trees, and Bel Époq. A Virgo needs to have every detail perfect. From the color of their nails to the scent the are wearing, each detail is planned to a T. Get your Virgo some of the richest fragrances, so they can always put their best face forward. SHEILA B JEWELRY earrings. Being an earth sign, Virgos love wearing symbols that represent their element. Although they are known for being uptight, crystals and feathers compliment a Virgo’s earth-mama side. ALLIGATOR JESUS necklaces and bracelet. Virgo’s get stereotyped as prudish and shy because of they are symbolized by the ‘virgin.’ This is true to an extent, but in actuality, Virgos are low-key freaky. Bring out their unconventional side with some eccentric jewelry. JUNGLE TRIBE coat. Virgo’s love routine, hard work, and being in charge. Stylish, authoritative, and practical (who doesn’t love extra pockets?), Virgos love a military jacket. JUNGLE TRIBE bag. Virgos have a tendency to be labeled as the ‘mom friend.’ So you can help them be the stylish mama with this camo fanny back.  Photography by Jim Turner @JimJTurner   Art Direction by  Aitor Saumell @AitorSaumell Written by Collin Schreiber @collinpschreiber Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographer and Visual Artist, Melanie Pullen, a frequent Flaunt collaborator, will be showing photographs of her fashion stories in her new solo exhibition, Unseen Stories. A bulk of these works come from the pages Flaunt, spanning a over 10 years. Melanie PullenDon’t Cry Over Spilled Milk (The Cliché Series), 2003C-Print, Framed32” (H) x 26.6” (W)  Pullen has turned to fashion photography as a creative outlet for nearly two decades. She is known for her extensive series, High Fashion Crime Scenes, based on vintage crime-scene images hailing from the files of the Los Angeles Police Department and the LA County Coroner’s Office. Her exhibition, Icons of Style: A Century of Fashion Photography, is currently on display at the Getty Museum, as well. Melanie PullenEnjoy the Moment (Juliette Lewis Series), 2003C-Print, Framed32” (H) x 23.7” (W) Unseen Stories will be held at Leica Gallery 783 Beverly Blvd, West Hollywood, CA 90048, opening on September 20 from 6-9pm, and running until October 31. Come view Pullen’s inspired contributions to fashion photography, including looks previously featured in Flaunt. Melanie PullenShe Loves to Kill Time (The Cliché Series), 2003C-Print, Framed24” (H) x 36” (W) Photo courtesy of the artist. Written by: Hailey Ruffner Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                On Saturday, Flaunt attended the celebration of T: The New York Times Style Magazine's Design Issue, hosted by Tom Delavan and Richard Christiansen, at Chandelier Creative's Flamingo Estate. The evening featured levitating cocktails, passed snacks of lamb, skewers of Harissa beets and the most delicate roasted potatoes. Entertainment came in the form of a lovely crew of jazz musicians, playing all the right hits during various points through the night the crowd sang along pitch perfectly. A perfect night to celebrate.   Enjoy some snapshots of the colorful evening of dinner and dancing in the garden. Photography by: Olivia McManus, courtesy Chandelier Creative Written by: Hailey Ruffner and BJ Panda Bear  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Flaunt is delighted to present the Burberry SS 2019 fashion show, live from London. The livestream will take place on Monday, September 17th at 9:00am PST (5:00pm UK). You won’t want to miss the debut of Riccardo Tisci collection for the storied British label! Written by: Hailey Ruffner Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    SECOND/LAYER Shirt, BED J.W. FORD Pants, and YANG LI Boots, and Talent’s own jewelry. LOEWE Jacket, shirt, and pants and LANVIN shoes , and Talent’s own jewelry. Widely known for playing Anton Gatewood on season 4 of Showtime’s The Affair, Meyer has had a fairly busy week working on a short film in Oakland and bouncing around from auditions, chemistry reads, and the occasionally meeting with directors. On the heels of a “fire-ass shoot” we sat with Christopher Meyer at LA’s Departmento to talk about where he sees himself sitting in in the world of film, television, and rap.  Can you tell us a little about your character on the affair? Anton is an extremely smart kid in an environment where he can’t exactly thrive and he is conflicted because of parents want different things for him. But he is just a regular kid going through life and trying to figure things out like the rest of us. He is such a complex character. I was learning new things about him every episode especially how much of a savage he can be. Are there certain thing you look out for in a script? Yeah, I definitely think about thing from a director’s persepctive. So, when stage directions come up or a script highlights certain parts of the cinematography I try to envision them and try to dissect it like a book. I try to imagine the tone of everything and sometimes it turns out being a lot cooler in my mind than it actually is or vice versa. I also look for range in a character because I don't want to play something one dimensional. Do you look at anyone’s character in film or in any medium really that is inspiring? As far as acting, Shia Lebeouf ’s career is super fire. I mean you look at it from his perspective it kind of just happened but from my perspective it unraveled beautifully. He did the transformers trilogy and maneuvered the money and publicity he gained to be able to do the projects he wanted to do after. I got to meet him at Tribeca Film Festival and we had a good conversation he’s one of those people where you just know something is different about them the moment you meet them. And he just has good comedic timing – Even Stevens was my shit growing up! MARNI Jacket, shirt, and pants, LANVIN shoes, and Talent’s own Jewelry. On that subject, was there a film or a defining moment where everything kind of came into focus? Yeah, vividly actually! I was obsessed with The Fresh Prince of Bel Air when I was a kid and literally I would hear something funny [Will Smith] would say and I would pause it and run to the mirror and practice the line over and over again until I thought it was as funny. I would even go to school the next day and test out the lines on girls. That’s when I was like “yeah, I can do this!”. During prep for the shoot Meyer played DJ - showing off his rap tendencies through Kanye West’s discography, Kid Cudi, and the occasional throwback. When we moved into Departmento to shoot a member of the staff lead us through a musical journey by jumping through everything from Nat King Cole to Thundercat. You could almost see Meyer’s musical ear turning to every beat or bass hit. I know we were listening to some Kanye West and some other Hip-Hip and Rap artists earlier – is that something that you also find inspiring? Big time! I feel like I'm an actor with a rapper’s life - I dress like a rapper, I listen to rap constantly, I write rap myself. It’s been a big part of who I am but especially in that era when Lil Wayne was the best rapper alive and Drake was just coming up and Wiz Khalfia was super hot. That definitely shaped and modeled me and some of my choices. It’s interesting to me as a artist myself to see you so open to exploring different lanes of expression in a time when everything is so much about branding yourself as one thing. True but when you get in one lane you start realize how many lanes there actually are and they all become so interesting. Photography is so interesting to me and the same goes for cinematography. I never had any aspirations of being a director but being on set and seeing with that process is like it became a big time dream of mine. And music is too. Everything kind of runs parallel. MARTIN ROSE sweater, CASEY CASEY pants, YANG LI boots, Stylist’s own glasses, and Talent’s own jewelry. I keep imagining you in your youth and going to the mirror and all of the childhood wonder that was involved - do you still feel like that? Absolutely, except instead of imitating somebody I’m making it up on my own. Some it is still that though, I draw vibes from different people. The other day I had an audition for a boxer and I spent the whole day listening to one boxer but not his matches, his interviews. So it still does feel the same. The words may not be mine but they still have to sound real coming out of my mouth. A lot of the actor’s job is unseen and it’s very mysterious. You see me on tv and I may be different people but you don't know what I am in real life. And then when you meet me you're like “woah thats not what I expected”. So there has to be some work there. I don’t expect for everybody to get it. There’s been so many times when I talk to somebody and there like “if you had a real job..” and I’m like “you don't even know”. They don't understand but I don't expect them to. That’s not why I do what I do. You don't need somebody’s validation. No, not even a little bit.  I like to leave everything on set. everything happened how it happened and everything turned out the way it was supposed to or intended to. Obviously, I’m my biggest critic but if anything I look for validation the director and if they are cool with what we’ve got then I’m cool it because they are pioneering this whole vision anyway. You seem to have a pretty clear understanding of yourself – Is hard for you to switch into a brain of a different person or do you feel like it runs parallel to something in your life that helps it kick in? I honestly feel like you cant do, well not can’t, but with most roles you can’t embrace the character without bringing a part of yourself into it. Anton and I are the same just on different levels. I relate to him as far has relationship to his parents. There’s a lot that I brought from myself but there is a lot of it that I had to work on and had to internalize. Are you asking if it feels like a switch? yeah. It is a switch. The switch is definitely helped by the environment that you're in, the set that you're on, the actors that you work with, and the director. All of that helps you tap in. ENFANTS RICHES DEPRIMES top, MARNI pants, and LANVIN shoes, Are there times when you feel like on certain sets or different things cause the energy to be off? I mean there are one or two takes of an entire episode that might be magic because at the end of the day you're sitting there with 50 people behind the camera -That’s a real thing. Theres someone with a boom mic right over you or times when they stop the take and they will come mess with your face and it’s kind of impossible to be in it all the time. But that’s what the job is. Through all of that there are certain moments when I do lose myself. There are times when the other actors and I just kind of forget that we are filming and there are no cuts. And those moments are magic! Do you have any advice for young actors or young black folk that are trying to make there way in this industry? I say keep trying to push the envelope and try to create our own stuff because at the end of the day we all know who this industry is and who it favors. We can’t just sit around and wait for our shit to be created for us. Also just in general this is a marathon and not a race. I’ve been doing this for eight, nine years and my career is just starting . I talked to Cuba Gooding Jr. and he said he didn't book his first burger king commercial until 4 years in it. But if you really love what you're doing you can’t give up. Continue to manifest your dreams. Continue trying to live the right way on the righteous path. It’s as much of a job off set as is it on. You got to have your mind and spirit right because it rarely falls into anyones lap.  Is there anything you want to share about what you have coming out? I’m shooting a movie right now in Oakland called “All Day and a Night” directed by Joel Robert Cole who co-wrote Black Panther, it’s going to be a Netflix movie and I think it’s going to be different that anything Netflix has seen so far. I’m also working on more music soon - I have like 30 songs in the vault that are all working tracks. Watch Christopher Meyer on Showtime’s The Affair and support his coming endeavors.  I personally can’t wait for the day we get to premiere one of his songs on Flaunt! Stay tuned!! Photographed by: Danielle Defoe  Styled by: Sadie Sapphire with clothing available at Departamento LA Groomed by: Christina Guerra using Baxter of California at Celestine Agency Location: Departamento Produced by: BJ Panda Bear Special Thanks to Departamento LA Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                Any Miu Miu party is a must, filled with intellectuals, cool kids and all that the international scene entails. Last night was no exception as Miu Miu and Maxfield threw a soiree to launch their new “Type” capsule. As mentioned before, the collection featured hoodies, pants and poplin shirts decorated in prints designed by Parisian graphic auteurs M/M Paris.  Along with the Type capsule Miu Miu also took over Maxfield’s gallery, the Prouve Structure, for an installation that any Miu Miu girl would appreciate. Inside large scale flags with the typography cascaded against the glass walls. The fall collection was on full display as the brands denim puffers sat next to the diamanté fringed purses and statement coats reflected the gold sequin off of the Mary Jane’s. In the corner an artisan was kept busy adding personalized patches to the garments.  The night was decorated with a covetable crowd of young Hollywood’s current social elite as well as Flaunt approved wunderkinds: Charlie Heaton, Joe Keery, Juno Temple, Kacy Hill, Kilo Kish, Maika Monroe, Rumer and Tallulah Willis just to name a few.  When not knocking back champagne or tequila soda’s a long line of the well dressed queued up inside the main store to grab items from the Miu Miu vending machine. Towards the end the night  a special acoustic performance by Okay Kaya had the crowd swaying and attentive, a perfect way to end a long warm LA night. Written by: BJ Panda Bear Photos Courtesy of Miu Miu/ BFA Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    SEASE jacket and pants, VANS shoes, and OAKLEY sunglasses.  SEASE top and pants, VANS shoes, and OAKLEY sunglasses.  SEASE top and OAKLEY sunglasses.  SEASE top and OAKLEY sunglasses. Without any research whatsoever into the topics, I can recall two pointed headlines over the last week. The first related to the extreme dip in schizophrenic episodes (some 50% in this study) when patients spent time in clean, green nature. Another: a declaration in The New York Times citing a huge rise in the number of psychologists, clinical and otherwise, who are prescribing “green time” as an antidote to “screen time” and the myriad anxieties screen time creates, or is ornamented by. For start-up Italian lifestyle brand SEASE, an appreciation for the outdoors harmony pursuit, as well as the pinball-style of life found in this planet’s increasingly populated cities, is coolly intertwined. Franco and Giacomo Loro Piana—SEASE co-founders, brothers, lineage of the storied luxury cashmere and wool brand known by their surname, and, of course, outdoor enthusiasts (chiefly skiing and sailing)—forged the concept around the words ‘sea’ and ‘ease,’ which “reminds you how important it is to feel at ease,” I’m told over the phone by Franco, “and even time to time, to release pressure, ideally by chasing your own passions.”  As such, the line is sporty and relaxingly curtailed, but engineered with exacting, researched sustainability in fabrics and means of production, doubling down on the sentiment that “ease” can also reside in your mind as it relates to where and how your products came to reside around you or on your person. With two boutiques in Italy and a “detailed and very trusting” approach with wholesalers, SEASE stands out because you could not only stylishly take a cosmopolitan breakfast meeting in the gear, but later cheekily enjoy a mountain rainstorm during a late-afternoon hike. The attitude is quintessentially Los Angeles, the threads set the mind at ease, and so we’ll include SEASE in this particular magazine issue that is preoccupied with where things are headed.   I ask Franco, whom I met some months earlier inside he and Giacomo’s retail space in Milan on the via Fiori Chiari Angolo—which possesses a curatorial makeup that feels both handed down and hand-picked from the now—about the applied passions evident in the boutique’s feel, about the continuity between new garments created with state-of-the-art methods and the storied, eclectic ensemble of objects and art direction. Franco considers, “Every item at SEASE is the result of the most sincere passions that my brother and I, as well as the team, share—from sea and beyond to music and the arts: our stores and concepts stem from personal connections, casual encounters, or even very rational choices that are inspired by those core themes. For example, we have designed furniture featuring nautical elements that you can also spot on SEASE garments and details of our menswear kits and items. Consistency flows easily when the ideas truly belong to your passions, and activities you are really fond of.”  I consider another fondness: that of misappropriation and bending of the facts, a commonplace in the marketplace. I ask Franco about the necessary considerations around sustainable manufacturing and brand messaging with a consumer demo that’s more likely now in this era than ever before to scrutinize anything stamped “green” amidst the glut of products that worryingly claim to be so. “At SEASE,” he remarks, “we believe sustainability is a set of behaviors which are more than just a marketing hook. As a responsible start-up, we truly believe in working closely with conscious consumers who may want to adopt solutions such as petrol-free and bio-based yarns, but also who value the attention to detail, and the long-term vision that our items can carry.”  I remark how meticulous concern with the longevity of a SEASE product resounds with fairness. We deliberate on the word “fair” and its many applications in the world of fashion—fairtrade, fairly sourced, fairly priced. “To me,” Franco expresses, regarding the latter concern, “an item is fairly priced the moment you can experience the emotions and memories it carries, when you feel it really belongs to you: this proves that even consumer goods at a certain point can represent yourself and your feelings, and even carry a sense of belonging. To help create this association, of course an item should be carefully engineered and constructed, designed to exceed the average garment lifetime. That is something we definitely bear in mind throughout the whole process at SEASE, including components, manufacturing, and style.” I’d also add here that “fair” can very well mean rewarding yourself some with some much-deserved fresh air adventure after a long week. Why not do so in gear that won’t fail you, whether you’re mentally ill, subscribed, or working at a Hollywood-based magazine, the sincerest combination of the former two.  Written by Matthew Bedard,   Photographed by Keith Oshiro Styled by Mui-Hai Chu  Model—Devin Mingo Groomed by Michelle Harvey     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017         Like the dark, stout beer that is her surname, Daphne Guinness has a smooth yet strong voice, aged with experience, served with an air of elegance. The striking woman goes by many titles, but at the moment she is ‘musician’ with her newest album, Daphne & The Golden Chord, released in April of this year. The 11-track album breaks away from her depressing tones of the 2016 record she released, Optimist in Black, and creates a polar opposite feel in each ~happy~ sound wave. For Guinness, it’s always been about the music.  We caught up with music and fashion icon, four years after she was the cover of Flaunt’s 15th Anniversary issue, ‘The Selfie Issue,’ to talk about life, art and soul.  Do you come to LA a lot? Yeah I do, I love LA. From here I get a lot of my best ideas. In LA a lot of things start. It’s a vice to be able to deal with Europe and everything that’s going on there and people go to bed mid-day here. There’s time to just relax and write without being too hassled.  Where are you mainly based out of? Well, everywhere. I don’t really know. I’ve been having a London spell but I was in Ireland and New York and I was in Paris. I float around from studio to studio. Your fashion and music is something I feel that is so well intertwined and references so many amazing moments. Are there any musicians or clothing icons that you feel you have built yourself on? In fact 90 percent of what I have is what I create or I’ve created with other artists; everything I’m wearing now has something to do with me. I just live my environment and I create things that I feel are  missing. After what was a very difficult time for me with the deaths of a lot of my friends and the grief and tragedy of all of that, I really wanted to get away from everything. It was all getting a little bit too much and out of control and in order to save myself, I put myself in the middle of nowhere and started to write. I always wrote actually, I was always a singer and I didn’t mean to make a record, but that’s what I started doing. I got in touch with Tony Visconti, my producer, who didn’t know anything about me originally, but he was Bowie’s producer and he, David Bowie, told him to produce me so he was very much involved in the first album and for that I am very, very grateful. He was, as Tony says, the Godfather of the first album and I was extremely privileged and grateful for all his mentoring.  I learn as I go along and I’m always discovering something. If I thought I knew it all or if I had nothing left to learn, then I wouldn’t do it anymore. I’m on a voyage of discovering which is a wonderful thing to be in; it makes me happy. Many people go from music into fashion. I  did it all in reverse. It’s very much how I manifest as a visual artist, now breaking out of that rather silent world of pictures is really so great because it’s very funny to sing these songs because they’re all so absolutely true. There is a sort of terrible amount of treason which in turn is all a piece of art. It’s sort of magical really. I love that. I feel like music and fashion—  It needs to happen, man! When I was growing up, the point about getting dressed was you were trying to find your tribe. It was the music you listened to, it was the bands you liked, the nightclub you knew, what you were wearing. It was driven very much from the audio world rather than from the brand or the magazine world. And that’s how I grew up. I’ve observed that now it’s not as driven by the music, would you agree? I kind of do. I think it’s the visual first and then after that the music because there’s so much music out there. So if there’s a visual, however simple or complex it might be, has to have some kind of striking feature. If it’s outrageous or understated, but it still has to have that—  Soul. It has to have the integrity of the artist involved. What I enjoy is the fact that I know what I like so it’s not like I need other people to...I grew up in an era where you just got dressed yourself. It’s not like I’m being told what to wear or what to do. And I feel like it’s very apparent in the way your music and your fashion is the same. How I appear in a video is pretty much the same to how I appear in the studio. When I get up in the morning, I just get myself dressed and that’s how I feel and that’s about it really. It’s very simple but it’s become second nature to me really to become that and people think I dress weird or whatever, but that’s just the way that I am. With the latest album, Daphne & the Golden Chord, you seem to exploit a lot of the 60s and 70s and I know that glam rock has always been a huge place for you and I wanted to ask about it, was that theremin that you were using in the song? It was a theremin! There were 58 musicians on this album and we recorded it to tape at the British Grove, which pretty much nobody does anymore but I wanted to do that and Tony knows how to do it, so he said absolutely, let's do it. There were 24 strings, 3 saxes, and lots of percussion, lots of guitars. What is a testament to this record is that even without with all of those orchestral arrangements, the songs are solid enough to sing with just a guitar. They are solid melodies, very well constructed songs. I just get a kick out of singing them, they are very funny. Is there a certain art for this particular project? Was there a visual or musical muse or, something that you were fixating on? You know, I came out of the first album and I decided to carry it on, so it was really a voyage. It was sort of like, I’m just getting started so it was just a continuation. This album was the next chapter which was already there. It was the exploration of other instruments, other sounds, the exploration of the sound escapes. There wasn't anyone that I had in mind. Was there a way, you felt sonically that there was something that you needed to start experimenting with? What inspired me very much is how the Beatles used to make their records and Sgt. Peppers and The White Album and being able to reverse the tape. There are so many different tricks and there is such a tapestry of things if you break it down. There are so many tracks within the track, so many interesting things that we did, so all the vintage equipment that we were using was so much fun. I am a kind of a nerd so I will spend hours looking at valves and machines and I want to see how it all works. I am not explaining it very well but it's going all through my head, it's more like wow there are so many things that we can explore let's bring them all in. So many things are not used on rock records. They don’t use clarinets, they don’t use  zithers, or Leslie speakers. I get a kick out of all of these things you know, what happens if you put this through that? It’s all about how much more can we do too, to make it more fun you know?  Is there any type of instrumentation or techniques that you are dying to explore eventually that you didn’t feel fit for this record? You know what, I am always doing several things at the same time so I am exploring those things and I feel  it’s the tip of the iceberg. When I get into a subject, I go all the way down. I want to see how far I can understand this because for me, music and how it works is the great unanswered question. Some people have religion, but I have music and that is a whole giant puzzle which is so much fun trying to figure it out and if I find the answer I will probably give up, but for the moment I am having a really good time trying to figure it out and it’s wonderful. Are you performing soon? I will be. I am just getting it all together. I will pop up in very unexpected places if I'm feeling it. I don’t really care if it's to 5 people or 500 people. If I have got my group with me it’s terrific, we will have a good time. That’s what it is all about. I will be performing this album. I was trying to take a break but of course, I can't take a break for that long. Music just pops into your head and you have to get it out. It is always non stop, there is always a song that wiggles its way in somehow. Interview by BJ Panda Bear Photos by Rich Royal To buy Daphne & The Golden Chord click here.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017           Miu Miu has just announced the launch of an amazing customisable capsule collection called Miu Miu Type which is exclusively available at Maxfield in LA, Miu Miu South Coast Plaza and and Miu Miu Soho starting September 13th for two weeks. To celebrate the launch, Miu Miu will be hosting a special experience event at Maxfield in the iconic Prouve Structure which allow guests will be able to explore the collection while being able to customise their own piece with an onsite tailor.  The Miu Miu Tyoe capsule collection features poplin shirts, cotton hoodies, and track pants that will be patched with one, two or three letters from the Miu Miu alphabets. A female face or body interlaced with a letterform coming together to create an alphabet of gestures created in collaboration with Miuccia Prada and M/M Paris for the Fall 2018 Collection. Make sure to head over to the specified locations and become apart of the unique world of Miuccia Prada’s Miu Miu girl gang.  Written by Lily Burdis Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   “It’s starting!” was the message on my WhatsApp as we anxiously sat in the van for over an hour Saturday evening, racing from the West Side Midtown to Brooklyn’s Brownsville section. From Brandon Maxwell’s colorful and chic show, accented with a southern hospitality of BBQ and beer to the Weeksville Heritage Center, where Kerby Jean-Raymond showed his Pyer Moss collection in the courtyard of the historic house purchased by free black settlement since 1838.   “It’s inexcusable!” screamed one of the passengers. I was going to text ahead and have the models remain in their show looks so we could go backstage when we arrived. The driver then informed us we were less than five minutes away. I was on a desperate quest to find the voices that speak for what is American fashion in New York.   We made it backstage as the models were ready for their finale. From a monitor on the wall, we saw a 40-person choir performing outside. A white, mock-neck, satin silk dress with giant cocoon sleeves; a pink, boxy tuxedo with loose pants; and a white tee with a graphic of a man and child barbecuing by the artist Derrick Adams were among the clothes on the array of mix-gendered models waiting to exit onto the walkway. As they walked, the choir stood partially in the rain. We exited after the designer and hid behind the bush to hear the clear and piercing voices singing in the quiet night.    “I wanted to show what African-American leisure life looked like,” Jean-Raymond said as he pointed out the shirt printed with a backyard barbecue. The designer said these are the clothes that he would see his aunts, uncles, and friends wear, but he wanted to make them for today’s youth.  Thus a more relaxed look; a looser silhouette in bright colors and a lighter hand in design, especially for women’s styles. Today, fashion is rarely imbued with meaning and narrative that says something about the designer, as well as the customers who embrace the brand. For a young brand like Pyer Moss, now in its fifth year, telling a story is critical to foster a community around the products.    In terms of narrative, Raf Simons provided plenty for his Calvin Klein show about the lives of youth in between the sea, sun, sex, love, and danger, using two blockbuster movies “The Graduate” and “Jaws,” set to the implausible lyrics of Simon Garfunkel’s “Scarborough Fair.” The walls were projected with a nude girl running into the ocean. The famed Jaw's theme song grew louder, and models with wet hair emerged, wearing black neoprene scuba jumpsuits with beige, pleated skirts torn on one side or neoprene pants with inside-out animal print apron flaps paired with tie-dyed tanks. Followed by sleeveless shift dresses made to look like dried flowers, pressed and ironed. Men in oversized blazers, colorful tuxedo jackets; black graduation caps and black academic dress, now transformed into black, lapel-less light coats.   Since his first show at Calvin Klein, Simons has consistently asked What is America, and had made suggested answers through the iconographic pop art (Andy Warhol), movie culture (popcorn), the archetypes of the Mid and Far West prairie dresses, and Looney Tunes characters dotting oversized sweaters worn with firemen coats.  Simons excelled at providing a context for clothes, and here he mixed emotion with pop-cultural landmarks such as movie blockbusters, merging the superficial and the profound.     The collective Vaquera – Patric DiCaprio, Bryn Taubensee, and Claire Sully – showed at a grade school in the Lower East Side with one model wearing a blue graduation outfit over a white crinoline dress, carrying his own portrait in a frame. But Vaquera is universes away from the world of Calvin Klein. Here, they played with the familiar iconography of the typical high school archetypes: jocks, cheerleaders, nerds. Mean girls in large print tee-dresses, ball-gowns, shrunken jackets, and short dresses with fuchsia-colored capes. In the show, boys and girls wear unisex clothes indiscriminately. A boy in a silver sleeve blouse and colorful print layered shorts with fuchsia kneepads did not seem odd.    To fully understand and embrace what’s different, clothes, at times, need context. Consider Martin Margiela’s Spring and Fall 2000 XXL collections featuring garments sized 74 and 78 or Rei Kawakubo’s 2 dimensions Fall 2012: the garments looked odd because we were not familiar to seeing them, nor seeing how different people wore them. Sometimes, all it takes is an adjustment to the eye. Take Rio Uribe’s sustainable Gypsy Sport show at the Samsung 837 in the Meatpacking District. Uribe utilized recycled fabrics to make new garments decorated with pressed flowers, sea shells, and even pieces of woods strewn onto hybrid deconstruction and reconstruction that resulted in shapes ranging from skirts with built-in underwear, shredded jeans, waistband dresses, and denim sleeveless print dresses. An extremely diverse cast added to the drama of the show, narrated by an Earth healer. One of the standout looks was a cropped denim shirt with ruffled midriff, worn with stretch denim low-slung leggings.    Proenza Schouler returned to New York after a year sojourn in Paris. Their clothes are now made with cotton and denim fabrics to reflect a greater emphasis of sportswear, rather than complicated ‘art’ clothes as in past years. This time, four small sculptures of small-scale looks from the show were installed at the entrance by the Berlin artist, Isa Genzken. The A-line and wide-leg dominant silhouettes, high-collar jackets with flared pants, bleached denim sundresses, or variety of high waist trousers matched with simple shirts or tunics are part of this collection that will insurmountably reset business for the brand come next spring.    Rodarte did a fantastic show in the rain at a cemetery in the East Village where the sound of the models’ heels striking the steel plates set on wet green grass harmonized with the noise of the rain striking the walkway. True to their spirit and committed to making special clothes, Kate and Laura Mulleavy’s exquisitely crafted collection – a red leather ruffle dress with a cape; an aqua tulle and lace dress with bow straps; or a pale pink chiffon layered dress with large tulle sleeves – stood out against the somber mood of the cemetery, and against the commercial sportswear dominance of American fashion.     There’s a sense of nostalgia toward a recent time when fashion seemed less of a fast-moving swipe. That was the sense from the Matthew Adams Dolan show of manipulated basic sportswear items like wide leg denim jeans and oversize denim shirts that can be worn separately as a jacket or together as a of a suit. Dolan has undertaken this work since his first runway show for Spring 2015 in the basement of an art gallery. There, he showed extravagant denim jackets, coats, and pants reworked with shredding and fringe.    The giant sculpture of a dinosaur skeleton assembled from steel inside Pier 54 did not detract attention from Coach’s successful mining of the American heritage, now an entity that owns multiple brands. The collection Stuart Vevers showed did not stray far from his first runway show for the Coach 1941 collection in September 2015. “Prairie cool” was the highlight. This time, the inspiration was New Mexico, bringing a range of desert sand colors on print long dresses, denim shirt-dresses, ruffled baby doll dresses, and leather jackets and coats – the heart of the brand. Not much of an evolution though there is the more commercial collaboration with Disney that is prevalent on several sweatshirts.  On the contrary, the terrace of Spring Studios in Tribeca,, Laura Kim and Fernando Garcia wipe clean the Oscar de la Renta heritage and the more rigid method of dressing; heavy and over-decorated evening gowns and daywear clothes pepper their work, with the purpose of making the collection more appealing to millennials. A white, one-sleeve blouse worn with a print fringed sarong; a colorful print long dress slit at the front; or a golden strapless printed with a train demonstrated how Kim and Garcia have now molded the brand using their perspective.    With the band FAKA doling out tunes in the rain, Telfar Clemens took basic wardrobe pieces like tee-shirts, denim, and polos, and transformed them with his own twist into more unfamiliar silhouettes, dedicating the collection to America: ‘nice landscape, good arable land, and plenty of shelter to go around.’ A polo with a spread collar; a deep V-neck sweatshirt; and a series of altered denims mixed with graphic prints were among the standouts, only if seen through the chain fence.   A performance of a different kind took place at the Eckhaus Latta show in an industrial building in Brooklyn where a group of kids gathered around to beat drumsticks on paint containers and other housewares. Young girls screamed over the drumbeats. Mike Eckhaus and Zoe Latta’s fluid collection excelled in construction techniques when breaking through the loud noises, particularly in the knitwear range with a white hand-knit dress with front slit or mohair sweater with brown tie-dyed jeans. There were also several standout tailored tight and loose jackets, drawstring waists, single-breasted pantsuits.    As in past seasons, New York’s Spring 2019 show started and ended with Tom Ford and Marc Jacobs, two seasoned designers both offering the same uncompromising view of what American fashion should be inside the Park Avenue Armory. Neither Tom Ford nor Marc Jacobs subscribed or succumbed to the notion of the recent invasion of casualization into high fashion – both designers anchored their clothes for women who wanted to get dressed up, not down.   Ford focused on creating a seductive wardrobe of lean silhouettes for his clientele, with long pencil crepe de chine and chiffon skirts worn with a hard leather or leopard-print pony coats. Real clothes, like sharp jackets and coats worn over skinny knee-length skirts, were Ford’s runway motto and a return to what the designer was best known for since the mid 1990s. But this time the disco ball was nowhere to be seen or heard. Instead, a sexy sophistication reigned supreme.     Jacobs seduced with a magical and fantastic collection where he refined his giant trapeze silhouettes from fall and made the giant taffeta multi-layered neckline and puff sleeves look at ease. The designer did not compromise his sense of high fashion, offering a range of clothes from a simple yellow silk slip dress to large jacket and multi-pleated pants, pink and orange chiffon ruffle slip dress, and a bright orange taffeta strapless shirt dress with folded floral patterns. It certainly gave New York fashion week a great uplift with the kind of glorious couture. But fantasy can also be realistic as is the case of a beige cashmere elbow sleeve undershirt paired with an organza tiered ruffle skirt belted by a brown velvet – one of the show’s great but unnoticed look.   Written and Photographed by Long Nguyen Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                              Miaou Backstage and First Looks NYFW SS19 Photographed by: Marsha Lebedev Bernstein Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                            Gabriela Hearst Backstage and First Looks NYFW SS19 Photographed by: Marsha Lebedev Bernstein Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    COACH 1941 jacket, VALENTINO sweater, and SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO pants and shoes.  SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO sweater.  VALENTINO sweater, SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO pants, K-SWISS shoes.  LOUIS VUITTON shirt and pants.  K-SWISS top, pants, and shoes.  ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA COUTURE sweater and pants.  COACH 1941 jacket and VALENTINO sweater. An entertainer in the most classic sense of the word, Diggy Simmons refuses to be pigeon-holed. Depending on the day, Diggy may be found walking the runway for Dolce and Gabbana, on set for the critically-acclaimed spin-off Grown-ish, or in the studio working on the much-anticipated follow-up to his 2012 debut, Unexpected Arrival. His ambitious confidence is palpable even through the phone; he speaks in a slow, swaggy voice that makes it sound like he’s always grinning.  “You have to work on projects you genuinely care about,” he tells me, when I ask him how he balances so many creative endeavors. “Whatever’s on my radar at the moment, whether it’s a role I’m in love with or a track I’m working on, I’m like locked-in focused on that one thing.” While Diggy is best known for his music and acting, his last year has been dictated primarily by fashion; most recently he appeared in a 3-day Coach event earlier this summer.  “Fashion for me has just been about a love of clothes since I was like a little kid. My mom’s been tellin’ me stories of me at, like, five years old, not letting her pick out my clothes for school ‘cause I had to do it myself,” says Diggy. This reminds me of a scene from an early episode of Run’s House where a pre-teen Diggy is acting precociously picky about what he’s going to wear to some fancy event, and Reverend Run is getting on his case for owning “more suits than James Bond.” Diggy then cracks wise back at his dad in classic “That’s Diggy for Ya!” 2 fashion, making for great content in the Golden Age of E!reality television. I think to myself that now might be a good time to mention to Diggy that I feel a sense of closeness with him, given our generational kinship and the fact that he grew up in Run’s house and I grew up watching Run’s House with my mom, but I don’t know how to say this without it seeming weird and forced and luckily he’s already changed topics on me. K-SWISS t-shirt, pants, and shoes. “The album is really a life project for me. It’s got all these layers, from like personal experiences, romantic experiences, how I see the world, to deep introspection.” Now that Grown-ish has wrapped, Diggy has been able to direct his focus solely on his as-of-yet untitled sophomore album, set for a fall release. Regarding the album’s influences, Diggy tells me his current musical palate ranges from “Pusha-T to Bon Iver.” As for his rapping style, he draws inspiration from the legends. “AZ, Nas, and Mic Geronimo are some of my favorite rappers, and I listen to a lot of their catalogs from the ‘90s. So as far as the approach in my delivery when I rap, and flows as well, I get inspired by the 90’s.” The first single, “It Is What It is,” will drop with a video August 3rd. “It’s like the perfect mission statement for what the album is, where I’ve been this last year and where I am. It’s about self-acceptance and owning who you are and the freedom in being able to say, ‘It is what it is.’”  Not long after hanging up with Diggy, I realize I have made a horrible mistake; somehow I forgot to ask about his unique upbringing as the son of one of Hip-Hop’s most influential figures, and the pressures that must surround a young star anxious to make a name for himself untainted by perceptions of nepotistic luck, a name that is uniquely and solely Diggy. And then I realize—he already has.  Written by Jamie CosterPhotographed by Amanda DemmeStyled by Noah DiazFlaunt Film directed by XIXIKIWIICinematography by PurtypatGrooming by Yukie Nammori Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   F is For... Fendi celebrates its unique bond with the graffiti-art world presenting GRAFFITI.  For the very first time, 8 street-artists from Rome interpret the word “graffiti” with their own style by writing the word inside 8 world maps, each one personalising his/her own world, symbolic of street-art and talent on the rooftop of Palazzo Della Civiltà Italiana.   Participating in the LVMH initiative ‘Les Journées Particulières, taking place the 12th-14th of October 2018 at the Palazzo della Civiltà Italiana, you get the chance to see the graffiti art piece alongside their homage to its savoir-faire in all fields from Couture including ready-to-wear and fur, to leather goods, shoes, watches to Fendi Casa. For those who don’t already know F is For... Fendi is a platform made by Millennials for Millennials to show their talents and creative ideas giving a voice to the upcoming generation. To further the celebration of this performance, the Fendi artisans will recreate each of the 8 artists artwork using discarded materials during Les Journées Particulières further celebrating this unique bond in a continuous tension between tradition and innovation. The exhibition will be open to the public, with a free access and no reservation requested, from 10.00 am to 6.00 pm. Exceptionally the exhibition will be open for 3 extra days (from Monday to Wednesday) for School visits that would have to be booked in advance, to pass through the message of the importance of craftsmanship to the younger generations. Palazzo FENDI Boutique in Largo Goldoni, will also be available to visit as part of the FENDI itinerary within the Les Journées Particulières project. Written by Lily Burdis Photos courtesy of Fendi Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                 For Fall Winter 2018 New York fashion week, Prada celebrated the relaunch of their classic   Prada Linea Rossa collection which first appeared in 1997 bringing back their distinctive red stripe logo and their incredible 90s sportswear.  To unveil the rebirth, Prada realized a visual campaign under the creative direction of Micheal Rock, directed by Arisu Kashiwagi and styled by Lotta Volkova capturing the exuberant, fluorescent energy of the 90s with a tightly wound soundtrack by composer Joe Johnson, and the bright, dynamic animations, inspired by the frenetic language of video games and animé. 20 years later and, the sensual yet sporty mood of Prada Linea Rossa provides bold shapes and indelible tones while infusing it with everything cool and fashion forward. With a performance from Kali Unchis and the appearance of everyone from Asap Rocky to Adriana Lima to our favorite cover boy Charlie Puth, the powerhouse label’s Soho space got filled out by some of the most stylish people around, showing off their unique styles while wearing the colorful collection. The range offers outerwear, footwear and specially-conceived pieces geared to the demands of specific activities, including skiing and snowboarding. Starting September 2018, the Prada Linea Rossa collection will available across the world in selected Prada stores and department stores, as well as on prada.com. Written by Lily Burdis Photos courtesy of BFA/ Prada Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                 HUGO BOSS RUNWAY AND BTS NYFW SS19 PHOTOGRAPHED BY: Marsha Lebedev Bernstein Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                 Spring Runway and BTS  NYFW SS19 Photographed by: Marsha Lebedev Bernstein  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Images via Vogue Runway.                      The NYC based art-minded label, Linder, was founded by Sam Linder and Kirk Millar. The two designers thought mindfully in dividing up their collections: Sam, head of womenswear, and Kirk, menswear. Conceptualizing contemporary ready-to-wear clothes, Sam debuted his SS19 collection with contrast stitching, plaid, and color-blocking. In the Highline room of The Standard Hotel, the SS19 collection was delivered in an innovative, yet simplistic approach. In hopes of capturing all angles of the garments, Sam included mirrors facing the East, West, and South walls, in addition to a live detail display on TV monitors. Models glided down the runway while a voiceover gave narration to each look, leaving no detail to the imagination. We spoke with Sam post-show to discuss the SS19 collection, his design process, and overall mood of Linder: Tell us a little bit about this collection. We wanted to start from the viewpoint of our customer and what they want to wear. They may not be looking for a complete look, but want a few pieces that are interesting. They may want a certain garment to bring into their closet and style their way, but wouldn’t buy into the rest of the collection, and we’re embracing that.  What’s your favorite piece? Probably the green leather long coat. It almost looks like a green crayon. How did you decide to voiceover the details of the garments throughout the runway presentation? Honestly, it’s because I’ve felt some frustration with past runway shows. You get only one image, a frontal view, and that image gets trafficked, but I don’t think people consciously take in the aspects of the clothing. I wanted to over design it so that people would see more from the clothes. I wanted people to see different angles of the models, so mirrors were there to see both front and back of the garments at the same time. The camera panning [displayed on TV monitors] was there so we could look at some details and the voice was giving notes because the collection is very detailed.  In what way does this collection compare and contrast to your archive of shows? The main difference is what I previously talked about, but in the past, there was more creative expression and personal point of view. This time, I put my perspective on the back shelf a little bit and listened to my team's sensibility about what’s wearable and what’s not and tune into that. This season was an entirely different approach.  With co-founder, Kirk Millar, how do you work unified and individually throughout the design process? Since we do separate collections, we go off on our own, but we’re always there correcting each other. We cast an eye to see if something has been taken too far or not far enough. We almost criticize each other.  How would you describe the overall mood and message of Linder? It’s about starting from specifics and thinking about an individual person- how they want to relate to it. We let that be the guiding light rather than dictating an aesthetic. There’s an aesthetic there, but we’re not consciously trying to enforce it. We focus on specific garments and let people extract an aesthetic from that.  To see more by Linder click here. Interview conducted and written by: Morgan Vickery Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                Last night in Moscow, Bvlgari hosted a celebration of their new BVLGARI Tribute to Femininity exhibition at the Moscow Kremlin Museum. The retrospective covered the romance between Bvlgari and women, a love affair that has lasted 130 year and going.  Over 500 jewels were on display at the exhibit sourced from its Heritage Collection and private collections. General Director of the Moscow Kremlin Museums Elena Gagarina along with Bvlgari CEO Jean-Christophe Babin and Bvlgari Brand and Heritage Curator Lucia Boscaini hosted the inaugural event at the iconic Pashkov House. With a moment of jazz by Italian great Matteo Brancaleoni, the crowd including the Bulgari family Paolo and Maite with their daughters Carlota and Marina, as well as Bvlgari brand ambassadors Alicia Vikander, Eva Green, Shu Qi, Lady Kitty Spencer and Caro Daur were treated to a DJ set by Graziano della Nebbia. From Russia with much love. Written by BJ Panda Bear Photos courtesy of Bvlgari Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                              Backstage and First Looks NYFW SS19 Photographed by: Marsha Lebedev Bernstein  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Modern-day Carrie Bradshaw, Caroline Vazzana, is more than just a New York City writer with an extensive wardrobe. The fashion editor, stylist, and social media influencer began her career in the editorial world working for fashion magazines like Marie Claire, Teen Vogue, and InStyle. Throughout her experience in the industry, Caroline began jotting notes of personal stories, in hopes of capturing memories in the thrill of it all. As years went by and stories piled up, Vazzana decided to use her experiences as a platform to inspire, thus adding “author” to her list of accomplishments.  On August 21st, Caroline released her first book, Making It In Manhattan. The conversational guide is a dream for those hoping to make it in the world of fashion. From career tips to flashbacks, the all-encompassing book encourages the future generation of fashionistas. We sat down with the newly published author to discuss all things Manhattan: What was your inspiration for Making It In Manhattan? The inspiration behind the book was wanting to give back and write down all the crazy, fun, and jaw-dropping stories that have happened to me while working in the industry. I felt like so much was happening at such a fast pace and I didn’t want to forget any of it. When I started writing these experiences, I began to think about when I started out and how I knew no one, so I wanted to write an all-encompassing guidebook for those who want to make it in the industry in New York. So many people have this dream of moving to Manhattan but have no idea where to start, and this book is for that person. It began as a passion project, which is why it was so much fun to write. It didn’t ever feel like “okay I’m going to sit down and write a book,” it felt like I was reliving the whole beginning of my career.  How has NYC fueled your creative drive? I always talk about the fact that New York has this unspoken magic. I don’t know how to describe it, and some people think I’m crazy. There’s just this energy that’s magnetic. For example, you’re running down the street to something, and someone’s running the other direction, that energy bounces off each other. Everyone is out here trying to make their dreams a reality. The reason it’s called “Making it in Manhattan,” is based on that song [New York, New York by Frank Sinatra] which says “if I make it there, I can make it anywhere.” New York embodies the American Dream. Everyone from everywhere dreams of coming to this city to follow their dreams. I think New York is so inclusive in terms of all backgrounds, all different tastes, and all different styles. So for me, my brand is completely based around New York City and that dream. It inspires me endlessly to keep doing what I’m doing and be myself. Just being here every day endlessly inspires me.  Tell us about some of your favorite New York hangouts. It depends what I’m in the mood for. For brunch, I love Sarabeth’s, Jack’s wife Freda, and Hotel Chantelle. For drinks or something more intimate, I love Nomo Soho, or Tiny’s in Tribeca, which is exactly what it says it is, it’s very tiny and intimate. For dinner and a good Instagram moment, I love Pietro NoLita. The food is so good because the owner is from Italy and all the recipes are his grandmothers. My go-to for work is Cha Cha Matcha when it’s not insanely busy or I’ll work from Laduree because they have great wifi and I love the ambiance. I love a very New York-y vibe place that's maybe a bit crowded, but it’s in that crowded space that I feel inspired. If I were in a place that was empty, I would get bored and have to leave. I write really well when there’s loud background noise rather than just one conversation that I can clearly hear. I appreciate the typical and packed New York spots. You’re often referred to as the “modern-day Carrie Bradshaw,” how would you compare your experience in the fashion industry to the iconic sex & fashion columnist? There’s obviously a lot of similarities and differences. We’re both writers, and we’re both named Caroline, her actual name is Caroline which a lot of people don’t know. We both have an eclectic and fun sense of style, and we both love and have a good relationship with the Manolo Blahnik brand, so it’s things like that that are very synonymous to who we both are. We both love going out, trying new restaurants, and hanging out with friends. She’s a sex writer, and I’m a career and advice writer, but at the end of the day, it’s all wellness. Everyone has their own opinion of Carrie Bradshaw, but her lifestyle is a little bit unobtainable. She probably owns more Manolo’s than me, but I don’t know for sure. Some people will message me and say, you’re just like Carrie, but more relatable, and that’s why I think it stuck so much. Yes, it’s this Carrie Bradshaw glamorous life, but I’m very open about everything I do, including vintage shopping and sample sales, and she’s definitely in Dolce and Gabbana buying it full price. So I think I’m someone they can relate to a little bit more, but she’s this strong and independent woman, who isn’t afraid to stand up for herself and share her opinions, and again, to follow her dreams. She wanted to have this column and then turned it into a book, which is all very inspiring to me as I wanted to write a book and start this website, and live in New York City. Even though she’s not a real person, I find her character as someone to relate to.  What do you hope readers learn from Making it in Manhattan? From the book, I hope people learn to be themselves and never compromise who they are or their style, to fit in or “be cool.” The book’s all about standing out from the crowd and that what makes you unique is what will make you special and successful. I’ve built my whole brand around being myself and for the young girls reading it; I want them to see it and think “wow I can be myself and I can be successful.” Honestly, anything is possible, and I know what sounds cliche, but it’s true. I never thought I would be able to write a book. I was a fashion writer and liked writing about style, but it all just happened naturally and fell into place. So, if you work hard, are kind, and want it bad enough, I think that no dream is too big. I want my readers to have fun along the way; I think some people take themselves too seriously. I always say that the industry can feel very “you can’t sit with us,” but the book is very much, “you can sit with us.” It’s written in a very conversational style like you’re talking to a best friend or big sister, so it’s drawing back that curtain, and inviting these people in with me. I’ve had older people DM me before, telling me how they dreamed of being a fashion editor, but gave up on it because it seemed too hard, too exclusive. My book makes this lifestyle feel more obtainable and not as mysterious as it might seem.  To read more about Caroline Vazzana click here. Keep an eye on her Instagram @cvazzana for fashion week coverage and book tour events! Interview conducted and written by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: Adair Smith Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   VALENTINO top, pants and shoes. On the day of her photoshoot with Flaunt, the 28-year-old musician walks into the office space we’re using in the Arts District of LA, her short, black hair parted in the middle and pulled down into a low pony. Her bangs are held back by two plastic hair clips, pink for the right side and yellow for the left, with a small cluster of cherries rising out of the center mold of each clip. The cute hair accessories and medium-wash, wide-legged jeans scream 90s vibe and instantly I’m a fan of her. “Dr. Kilo Kish has a nice ring to it, doesn’t it?” I say, as Kish and I are headlong into a conversation about philosophical thinking and how she wouldn’t mind going to online school to get her PhD. “Should I get a degree in psychology and just become a doctor on the low?” she asks me, and I don’t dare disagree. Honestly, Kish would be a damn good psychologist, her thought process on the way the world works already so beyond anything I’ve ever heard before and I eagerly fantasize about attending her TED talk in 10 years. SIMONE ROCHA dress and stylist's own t-shirt and stockings. However, before she conquers the great world of TED she must continue her conquest of the indie sound waves. Today marks the drop of Kish’s new EP, MOTHE, an electro, pop memoir to her childhood in the late 90s, early 2000s, hence the yellow and pink cherry hair clips that she dons. Kish reminisces playing video games as a kid with Britney Spears, Mandy Moore and house music blasting in the background. “I wanted to pay a little homage to it,” Kish explains about her EP, “but then also explore within my own self.” It has been two years since Kish released any new music of her own. Her last project was the studio album, Reflections in Real Time, which served as a time capsule for her early twenties. With MOTHE the artist capsules her much younger years, the irony being that she is a person who is constantly looking forward, leaving the past behind. “It’s funny because I’m always thinking to the future,” Kish says. “That’s mainly where I spend most of my time.”   BEVZA coat, REEBOK shoes, and SANAYİ313 bag. Kish also hates wasting time. When it comes to social media she won’t pay attention to most things simply because it’s all so grossly negative and she doesn’t need that interfering with her every day goings. “I try to stay away from that because I’m so emotionally open all the time,” Kish says regarding the negativity that is ever so present on our phones. “I get caught up in the drama of it all, so for me I just steer as clear from it as I can to be able to get stuff done in a day and not waste time.” It’s passion projects like MOTHE and an itch to start another studio album that keeps Kish focused with laser-esque vision on each mission. “I’m always really intense.” Kish looks at me with the fiery, dark brown eyes of hers. “Like I’m on 100 all the time. Everything is either 0 or 100 with me. If a mistake was made, it’s a huge mistake, if something really cool happens, then it’s the best thing ever. It’s something I’ve learned about myself over the years. I’ve tried to curve it, but it’s really just part of who I am and how I see the world.” BATSHEVA dress, CHANEL earrings, and stylist's own gloves. How do you see the world? I prod the fiery woman in front of me, even more in awe of her that I was when I saw the plastic hair clips. She pauses, waiting to add some oxygen to her burning brain. “The world is a really, really interesting place,” Kish starts. “There’s a lot that we see and a lot that we don’t see. It’s all perspective. To me it’s whatever perspective and however much any of us are seeing at any given time that dictates who we are at any given moment. It’s always subjective.” Now it’s my brain that begins to burn as each passing second I intake more of Kish’s complex insight. “When it comes to issues that feel black and white, to me it’s always grey. The whole world is a grey area of questions and belief systems and backgrounds and ideals...no one’s life has anything to do with you, except for yours.” Damn, there goes all my worries about what other people think of me. I feel as though I have just sat through Dr. Kilo Kish’s first therapy session as her patient, thinking that it was well worth the fantasy cost. CHANEL dress, boots, earrings, necklace and gloves. But Kish reminds me that her thoughts could change tomorrow as she always wants to continually evolve, especially when it comes to her sound. She looks to artists like Beck and Björk as music shapeshifters, a term she loves. “It’s a place I want to be where I’m never getting bored and I’m never stuck in one particular box,” Kish says, excited for the new and different doors that MOTHE will open. Out of her cocoon, Kish is ready to evolve wherever her philosophical thoughts and musical inspirations take her.   MIU MIU jacket, skirt, shoes and socks, and stylist's own t-shirt and earring. Photographed by avethirtyfour. Styled by Jasmine Benjamin. Hair by Sami Knight using Kérastase at Starworks Group. Makeup by Allan Avendano using Marc Jacobs Beauty at Starworks Artists. Produced by BJ Panda Bear       Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   BODY GLOVE top and talent’s own necklace. I’m sitting in the only unused office at Flaunt’s Malthusian Hollywood Headquarters. I’m nervous. I’m waiting. I’ve been here for close to thirty minutes, passing the time with Olivia Holt’s latest singles.  The phone rings.  “Hello, is this Joey?” The voice explodes into the room like strawberry bubble gum.  The pep has to belong to Holt, whose name, incidentally, I misspell as Holy without fail. I’ve come to understand it as a sign, in the same way someone may sense significance in seeing recurring numbers in the world. It’s usually hard to know what exactly is being signified, or whether it’s warning or encouraging you to continue on this path or that, but it feels less ambiguous in this case. In this case, the sign is positive and, taken in a secular sense, predictive.  In a matter of time, everyone and their mother will know the name Olivia Holt.   Holt, at twenty years old, has already seen her fair share of success. She’s been involved in the industry for about eight years now, getting her first break on after-your-era Disney XD’s Kickin’ It, following some stints on commercials for Kidz Bop 14 and Bratz dolls.  HUDSON JEANS jacket, REDEMPTION dress, vintage T-shirt from Wasteland, and ROGER VIVIER shoes, and stylist’s own socks. She spent six of those eight years on the Disney lot, until she turned eighteen and her contract expired. Though this happened coincidentally, and not literally on the day to be sure, it functions well as a metaphor, as life tends to. Holt, in her career and life, is two years into adulthood.  Just listen to “Generous.” She’s feeling generous. She wants to give you “that ahh touch, till it hurts.” It’s pure radio sex pop with a music video directed by Chris Applebaum, who’s responsible for that hypersexualized Carl’s Jr. commercial featuring a soaked Paris Hilton eating a wet burger on a sudsy Bentley. There’s not much else to say about that, other than to clarify that Holt hasn’t even come close to “that”. “It’s been surreal,” she states simply of 2018, a year that finds Holt working tirelessly on her debut LP and starring in Marvel’s Cloak and Dagger, Freeform’s adaptation of a comic book serial that was mildly popular in the 80s. Cloak is dark; Dagger is light. They come from very different backgrounds, which have instilled in them values that make the two very incompatible. A Google will tell you they become romantically involved and learn a lot from each other.  REDEMPTION dress, vintage T-shirt from Wasteland Cloak and Dagger, AKA Tandy and Tyrone, played by Holt and co-star Aubrey Joseph, are bonded by a force that saved them both from childhood near-death experiences, after a terrifically traumatizing series of events that leaves them both bereft of the person in their lives who loved them most. Oh—and Dagger can produce weapons-grade light beams from the palms of her hands. The show is getting rave reviews, just premiered to more viewers than any Freeform series since Pretty Little Liars and, to quote Deadline, “After three days of TV playback, the premiere jumped by 78% in total viewers over its L+SD average [sic] (920,000 to 1.64 million—the largest-ever L+3 lift of any Freeform debut.”  “I’m really proud of it. I’m really confident in it. And I’m really excited for what it’s gonna do for our society. I feel like it’s a game-changer in so many ways.”  I’m very curious what Marvel’s Cloak and Dagger is going to do for our society.  “I mean, we focus on a lot of cultural issues. There’s a lot of heavy themes and topics: police brutality, sexual assault, addiction, racism and so much more. Talking about it, making it part of the norm, not sugar coating it; this is monumental in television. We’re making history in that way.”  TEMPERLEY LONDON dress and BALENCIAGA boots. The material proved to be challenging for Holt, the maturing actor. “I wasn’t used to having to be in such a negative headspace all day,” she admits. Obviously, the characters on Kickin’ It never became sexually violent; there weren’t worlds of trauma residing within the characters she portrayed. Deep pain was not part of her job at Disney.  This isn’t to say her time at Disney was for naught. Aside from providing her with an active social network, Holt’s time on the Disney lot offered her the opportunity to “learn from the different directors coming in, and the camera operators, and to go up to the writers’ room. All of those things were things I was soaking up and learning,” Holt recalls. “I think that as a kid, you don’t really understand. I didn’t know if this was something I wanted to do for the rest of my life, but I knew I liked it ‘right now’ and that it was exciting and it was fun. Thank God it’s turned into this insane passion of mine, because there were a lot of sacrifices we had to make—not just me, but my family as well.”  ERDEM shirt and skirt, and VALENTINO earrings I’m sure uprooting a family, transplanting the unit from outside-of-Memphis to the biggest city west of the Mississippi, was challenging. And flying back and forth for two years as the Holts did—that certainly sounds destabilizing.  “Some of the challenges my family and I have faced, I think they just made us stronger in the end. My family and I have a better relationship now since we went through all of that as a team.” As Holt puts it, “Everything happens for a reason.”  And music?  “This year I’m making music a priority.” Her excitement is palpable and sincere. She, incidentally, speaks of her work with more passion and conviction than you’ll hear from most of the dilettantes pursuing the craft. It’s not hard to tell she has a vision, and that she will stop at nothing to make it a reality. “I’m the most confident I’ve ever felt,” Holt says of acting and music and the people she’s been spending her time with—people like Frank Hall and Mozella, “Femmebot” and “Wrecking Ball” co-writers, respectively.  SIES MARJAN sweater available at Barneys New York, Beverly Hills, BODY GLOVE top, CHRISTOPHER BU pants, ROGER VIVIER shoes, and stylist’s own socks. “I just remember having a conversation with them, and a couple weeks later I got “Generous.” I remember listening to it and being, like, this is the song I’ve been looking for.”  What does that mean; I got “Generous”?  She tells me the process is different every time, but sometimes “you go in and you really have a clear vision of what you wanna say that day,” which was the case with “Generous.” Holt sits down with her songwriters, tells them how she’s been feeling recently, what she’s been thinking about. Hall and Mozella digest this conversation and synthesize it—Holt’s experiences and feelings—into a pop song. It’s an interesting process, and honestly makes me think differently of pop music. It’s become easier, since speaking with Holt, to identify the humanity buried beneath the compression and often-trite lyrical universalities that oversaturate the genre.  BODY GLOVE top and ERDEM dress available at TheOutnet.com and talent’s own necklace. When I ask if the transition’s been hard, if she’s felt any pullback from her Disney family following the success of her single, she responds quickly and firmly, with perhaps a touch of mild frustration in her tone: “Here’s the thing: I spent my childhood working with that company and now I’m focusing on what it’s like to be an adult.” She continues, “I think for me it’s just been important to stay true to who I am. As cheesy as that sounds, I think it’s just important to have your own opinions and use your voice.”  The record is still in its early stages. Holt doesn’t know when it’s coming out, what it will be called, or even if “Generous” will make the cut. She’s still figuring out what she wants it to sound like.  Holt identifies her dad, who played in a hair band in the ‘80s, as the primary catalyst for her interest in music. When I ask her if she feels any lasting influence from the music her father showed her growing up, she shares: “If this says anything, I’ve been to three Van Halen concerts.”  SIMONE ROCHA jacket, shirt, and pants, VALENTINO pearl ear cuff, and talent’s own earring. With that said, it sounds like we won’t hear much in the vain of Van Halen on the record. Her favorite artists at the moment are Jessica Lynn, Ellie Goulding, Kendrick Lamar, and Eminem.  “It’s not only pop,” she clarifies.“I’m throwing in some R&B and some soul and some alt and some organic instruments because that’s what I’m drawn to. I think there’s a unique way of making music yours. Not only lyrically. I think there’s a style you can find that’s your own. That whole exploration process has been really fun and exciting for me.” The only thing she’s sure of: she wants it to feel cohesive.  “Like Good Kid, M.A.A.D City or The Marshall Mathers LP?” She laughs politely. “Yeah.” Photographed by Heidi Tappis Styled by Santa Versace-Bevacqua Hair by Bridget Brager  Makeup by Amy Oresman   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photos via HRS Photo via HRS The newest thing in luxury shoes has arrived, and it’s crisp, clean, and undeniably cool. But that’s obvious: what else could we expect from professional skateboarders? HRS is the new label by Erik Ellington and Dennis Martin, and this brand aims to give modern footwear a new name, which is, to be specific, the Del Rey “Black Diamond.”  Ellington and Martin wanted their shoes to reference their background as skateboarders while similatenously being a product that is lasting and of high quality. The result is impressive: a fresh loafer handmade with Italian leathers and the best materials.  And the brand is supported by a team of sensational skateboarders on the scene right now: There’s Bryan Herman, joining HRS after leaving his former shoe sponsor of 17 years. Rory Milanes is a Londoner and DJ who loves house music. Meanwhile, Keith Hardy is a fashionable nineteen-year-old from the Bronx. And then there’s Lucien Clarke, Jamaican-born and English-raised model sponsored by Palace.  Photo via HRS The "Black Diamond," released earlier today, is sold exclusively on the HRS website.  Written by Zoe Banoža  Photographs courtesy of HRS  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                              Baldwin, the all-American denim fashion house, switched things up with a serious re-vamp this past January. The 2015 CFDA fashion fund finalists, Matt and Emily Baldwin, created the brand in 2009 based out of Kansas City. At the start of the new year, the couple made room for Johnathan Crocker, the label’s new creative director and president. Johnathan has rebranded the premium denim company by updating the brand mark to BLDWN, relocating headquarters to Los Angeles, and launching a full men and women’s ready-to-wear system. The debut of their first RTW collection took place yesterday at the Egg Collective in the heart of Tribeca. We stopped by the showroom to discuss repositioning, Americana, and denim legacy, with their new creative head: In repositioning the brand, you moved the headquarters to LA, changed up the logo, and launched a ready-to-wear system for both men and women. With all these changes, how do you envision the evolution of the company? I think the huge focus in position has been building this modern American fashion house. A lot of times what we think about is American fashion, and it’s strong association and precepts with the ideas and pillars of classic heritage Americana. The concept of modernity juxtaposed with American fashion seems like a non sequitur; it doesn’t make sense. So that’s been the key focus for us in everything we do whether it’s updating the brand mark, trip package, or hardware. Ultimately, it’s how it’s articulated in the collection and finding that modern expression of American fashion.  As an American ready-to-wear brand, how does BLDWN embody American culture? In everything that we do moving forward, it’s about celebrating American design. So, there’ll be times where it’s literal, and the concept or inspiration for a collection draws from an aspect of American design whether it’s an individual or a movement that might be to kind of simulate consequential things. For example, when we do a photo shoot and we’re using a sofa it’s not just a generic sofa, we always use an American designer. For our holiday shoot that’s up right now, it’s a 1972 Florence Knoll sling back sofa. We’re not tagging it or telling people what it is, but there’s intent that everything we do ties back into it. The reason why we’re here today instead of a penthouse of a hotel or studio is that this is a beautiful showroom that is owned by three American women designers [Egg Collective] and every single piece of furniture you see here they designed. That’s our kind of slight nod to telling the story of American design and how it extends well beyond fashion, art, architecture, and interior. What inspirations drive the theme of this collection? Mark Cohen is someone that we looked at from the 70’s. It was more for styling references and the way that he photographed his subjects based on that period. Everything had this kind of timeless feel to it; You wouldn’t know if it was shot in the 70s or if it was shot today on film, so I think that played a definite role in terms of how we styled the collection and drew inspiration from that. In general, it was modernity in American fashion and looking at aspects of art, architecture, design and different references from that. Case study homes and that whole movement was the idea behind building affordable housing with the use of new materials and new techniques so even finding elements in that way and applying it to design. I’ll think of new materials we can use, and new approaches we can take for a women’s shirt or sweater in that same way, so again, there will be times that it’s literal and times where it’s just kind of on the periphery of inspiration.  You previously worked with AG, so one can assume you’re a denim expert. What will the future of BLDWN’s denim legacy look like? The brand is rooted in denim. That’s how the brand was founded, and despite the shift moving towards ready-to-wear for both men and women, jeans will always be a huge focus and the primary offering of the brand. To answer your question, what is our interpretation of denim moving forward, it’s going to be much more sophisticated and elevated point of view. Everything for me begins with the fabric so that will always be substantial. By that I mean, you’ll never pick up a pair of our denim and feel a gummy legging fabric. There’s a ton of brands that do that and do it incredibly well, but we’re just not going to be one of them. For women over the last two years, we’ve seen a trend moving away from that super legging stretchy fit and replacing it with something more substantial. That’s why we’re seeing brands like Re/Done with the classic one-fiber fit that everyone is trying to replicate. That authenticity to denim is something we’ll incorporate. In terms of washes, it’s always going to be a sophisticated and elevated point of view; everything should look expensive and high quality. All of the denim and washes you see, whether it’s a skirt or a jacket, is going to have a beautiful and clean point of view. Not to say that we won’t explore other washes, it just won’t be what you expect or what you associate with premium denim. Describe your creative process for this collection. Fabric, color, silhouette, and always referencing back to some concept or inspiration. Ultimately, ruining it through the brand filters which are: American, modern, confident, and aware. We want to make sure that we continue to make a definitive point of view that’s consistent. I think with the whole rebrand, we can’t be all things, all people, so we’re focused on who we are and making sure that each collection feels consistent and true to that brand position.  To see more by BLDWN click here.  Interview conducted and written by: Morgan Vickery Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                         Anthony Thomas Melillo (ATM), is a luxurious lifestyle and sportswear brand founded and designed by Tony Melillo. Launching his namesake label in 2012 with a collection of “perfect t-shirts,” the brand has since evolved towards an extended range of selections with the “fit & feel” of his revered shirts. Made with the finest cotton and cashmere of Peru, Tony has revolutionized comfort in clothing.  Yesterday, Flaunt attended the ATM Spring/Summer 2019 presentation. Whether it was a leopard jumpsuit, striped sweater, or tie-dye hoodie, ATM kept a centralized focus on the movement, quality, and silhouette of their garments. We sat down with Tony to discuss all things SS19 and brand evolution: Having launched in 2012 with the perfect t-shirt, how has your brand evolved towards a lifestyle and sportswear brand? We launched with the perfect tee, and I always keep that in the back of my head. Our customer wants to be able to mix it and have that perfect pant or a perfect sweater. I think the most important thing for us is trying to keep a relaxed and elegant feeling. If it’s not relaxed and elegant or doesn’t have a “fit & feel” then it shouldn’t be in the collection. It was just a matter of time, in terms of evolving to a lifestyle brand. It was essential to get the t-shirt launch to be successful and have people wanting more. As the collection grew, it continued to be items that people thought felt great. Overall, it had organic growth.  Let’s talk fabrics; How have you perfected the textures and weights of your garments over the years? It’s key because the drape of a garment is one of the most important things. I always say “fit & feel.” We like to keep a vibe that’s relaxed and elegant, but also has a sex appeal. For instance, a t-shirt; what do you do so it’s not shaped like a box. Some brands want the look to be stiff or sheer, but the thought is that our fabric needs to drape nicely without revealing too much and that’s how we gauge a perfect material. We develop a lot of the fabrics; 40% of the collection is done in Peru, so we make a lot of the cotton from scratch. Our gauge is lighter than a typical sweater in the contemporary world. So for instance, we do a sweater in 12-gauge 248ths cashmere; This is very technical and may not make sense to some, but it means that these sweaters are more year-round than what the next guy is doing, which is a bit heavier and denser. That’s why our clothes are very transitional, but we still have seasons of course. What inspired you throughout the creative process of this collection? I looked at a bunch of things and made an inspiration board. A friend of mine had just bought a black sailboat, and it wasn’t about the fact that it was black or a sailboat, but watching the movement of the sail, reminded me of the way our clothes move so well. So it related back to ATM way, the way it drapes. Describe some of the themes associated with the collection. We don’t go by “I went to Europe and Morocco, saw these rocks, and I want to make a collection that looks like them.” I think it’s more of the fact that we’re doing spring. Spring has to have some beautiful shades, along with things somewhat trending, and then mix that with our beautiful fabrics. We focus on silhouettes that we feel strongly about and ones we work best with. We do great field jackets, so we’ll evolve that by maybe applying gold snaps rather than silver, and put frayed edges on it. We’re never really wishing on a trend. We’re following trends and color forecasts, but we’re evolving to create better and more of what we do best. If it’s t-shirts, we think what’s the next. Every year we launch a new shirt, and this year it’s the boy tee. You like to connect with your customers on a personal level to focus on their needs each season. What do you think the needs of your customers are like for spring 2019? A lot of it comes from being in the stores. We have one here [West Village] and one in the Hamptons, where I live as well, so I’m always in there trying to understand their needs. For example, they love leopard, but they wanted leopard in a different print for next season, so we did the leopard in a more subtle print, rather than the one we did for spring 2018. Our new silk skirt with an elastic waistband is cool; It’s a chic silk skirt that looks like an old voyage skirt from the 80s, but it has the pull on waistband allowing it to be comfortable. Our customers come in, and they tell me things, which is what I relate to. I make what I want to make, but bring that into the package. To see more by ATM click here. Interview conducted and written by: Morgan Vickery Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   FRIENDS AND FAMILY caramel topped brownies. From August 23rd to September 22nd the sun passes through Virgo, the mutable earth sign that knows just how to get her shit together. Virgo is symbolized by the woman carrying her sheaf of wisdom. That wisdom comes in different hues, but it centers around efficiency. Being the sixth sign of the zodiac, Virgo follows attention craved Leo. The sun burns bright in Leo, but when the spotlight shines on Virgos they tend to be more demure. The sign is known for her meticulous ways and her need to strive for perfection. Whenever we are looking to get a gift for Virgo it can be difficult because only the perfect gift will do. MILLA chocolates. More than likely your Virgo is not treating themselves enough. They’re usually strict on discipline when it comes to their food. Gifting them some chocolate to remind them to indulge in the luxuries of life. MILLA chocolates. Virgos love plants and taking the time to care for their green friends. A kokedama is an ideal gift for the earth sign. They will enjoy the responsibility of keeping a watering schedule for their plant. PISTILS NURSERY kokedama plant. Gift your Virgo a Hydro Flask, this sign is all about maintaining their healthy lifestyle. They will appreciate a gift that helps them keep on top of their nourishing habits. HYDROFLASK bottles.   Whenever a Virgo has a lot of pent up anxiety they like to blow off steam in style with a cigar. Being fans of classic luxury, your Virgo will take to the idea of ending their busy day with a nice puff. HIGHCLERE CASTLE cigars.   Virgos pay attention to  every small detail. The home is no exception, they want to have an impeccable atmosphere. Getting your virgo wooden tea-light candle holders will be the foolproof gift to give. MARMOL RADZINER tealight candle set. Photography by Jim Turner @JimJTurner   Art Direction by  Aitor Saumell @AitorSaumell Written by Collin Schreiber @collinpschreiber Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                           Presentation and Backstage NYFW SS19   Photographed by: Marsha Lebedev Bernstein  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Fendi is set to premiere their new Fall/Winter 2018 Eyewear campaign video with the ever handsome Jamie Campbell Bower. Jamie is the frontman for the rock band Counterfeit.  'Play Me' is a short film which follows our rock god Jamie in his Fendi lenses during his leisure time before a concert in Rome. The video is to give a snapshot of the life of Jamie while 'off-duty' and highlight the casual yet sultry gentlemen's style Fendi always brings to the table. See the trailer below and go to Fendi.com to watch the full film September 7th. Written by Chloe Laughlin  Photos Courtesy of Fendi  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photo via Louis Vuitton Rosy pink and joyful, the latest Les Perfumes Louis Vuitton arrival is the darling Attrape-Rêves. The new fragrance has been christened with the French words meaning “dream catcher,” a name that reflects the sense of mysterious magic Attrape-Rêves emenates.  In creating the scent, Louis Vuitton Master Perfumer Jacques Cavallier Belletrud envisioned embracing the fleeting moments of enchantment in life. He wanted to hold onto those tiny seconds of beauty you wish you could keep, but slip oh, so quickly away. Attrape-Rêves is a celebration of the bubbly delight of amazement.  Photo via Louis Vuitton Attrape-Rêves is created by combining the scents of African cocoa flower, peony accord, lychee, and Turkish rose absolute, with ginger and bergamot like flavor enhancers.  Purchase the new fragrance in key cities during the pre-launch on September 7th, and globally on September 13th.   Written by Zoe Banoža Photographs courtesy of Louis Vuitton Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photo via Jessy Price Brandon Maxwell is the designer behind immaculate ensembles worn by Lady Gaga, Michelle Obama, Meghan Markle, and many other brilliant and powerful women. His luxury women’s label, Brandon Maxwell, has been illuminating red carpets and fabulous parties since 2015, serving looks that are classic and elegant.  Now, prior to the presentation of the Brandon Maxwell Spring 2019 show, Maxwell is inviting fashion-fans everywhere in on his process. Along with his fiancé, Jessy Price, Maxwell has filmed a documentary following him and his team while they design his new spring collection. As a part of the method, Maxwell and co. traveled to his home state of Texas where they spent a month immersed in the art-centric city of Marfa. The documentary displays Brandon Maxwell in an intimate fashion while he interviews Marfa artists and births his newest creation.  Photo via Jessy Price Brandon Maxwell’s documentary “Back to Dust,” is available on Brandon Maxwell’s website now. A brief synopsis of the documentary by the brand is posted below: "Every collection is a journey. For Brandon Maxwell SS 2019 all roads led to Marfa. Captured in Back to Dust, an intimate, self-published documentary, the designer and his core team travel to the small West Texas town famous for its art history and expansive landscape to find inspiration for their newest collection. "Not restricting himself to the area’s cliches--Donald Judd, cowboys and cactuses--Maxwell returns to roots seeking out the local creatives, galleries and institutions that define the character of the enigmatic desert outpost. Through interviews with Marfa natives, his design team and friends, the documentary opens up a window into the intense incubation period that brings a fashion collection to fruition.  "While “Back to Dust” captures the percolations of the SS 2019 presentation, the film finds its center in Maxwell’s own meditations on his creative practice and evolution from artist to stylist to designer. The viewer watches this process first hand from the selection of reference images and soundtracks to the finalization of fabrics and key looks. "The keystone to unlocking Maxwell’s most personal and perhaps formative collection yet, Back to Dust reveals the beginning of a much larger vision, one that extends beyond New York fashion week and into greater American culture. A kind of visual album in its own right, the film operates as the first step towards the big picture."   Written by Zoe Banoža  Photography by Jessy Price Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017              Our favorite femme DJ collective took their flair for revelry from New York to Central America, when Les Filles threw a party in Costa Rica. The backdrop was the unbelievable hotel aguas Clara’s, a resort by the beaches of our coconut-loving dreams, and of course, Les Filles was in charge of the party music. Bringing the Les Filles sense of style and acute taste in music way down south made for what has to have been one of the greatest parties of the summer. When they weren't hosting their tropical bash by the beach, Les Filles got to spend some time in the sumptuous south of Costa Rica, near the village of Puerto Viejo. The highlight of the area was the Jaguar Rescue center where orphaned, sick, and injured animals are captured, rehabilitated, and released into the wild when ready. Rescue centers like Jaguar Rescue work tirelessly to undo some of the damage done to our planet because of human activities.  Les Filles includes Bec Adams, Alix Brown, Blu Detiger, Leslie Kirchhoff, and Brianna Lance wearing Jill Stuart Resort 18, fittingly feminine and floral among the lush Caribbean scenery. Written by Zoe Banoža  photographed by Leslie Kirchhoff Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017        To celebrate the launch of the S.E.A. a program under Outerknown that launched jeans and tees, co-founders designer John Moore and eleven-time world champion surfer Kelly Slater held an intimate party in the iconic Ron Herman storefront on Melrose Ave. in Los Angeles. The Men’s floor was transformed through shades of blue with the help of exclusive campaign imagery shot by photographer Todd Glaser in Hawaii with the North Shore Watermen. The night was soundtracked by Dj Keith Kandell with a special musical performance by Citizen Cope. Outerknown is a brand that makes accessible sustainable clothing items with every decision intent on producing the most amount of good for the most amount of people. Its goal is to prove that sustainability and style aren't mutually exclusive and that they can only be aided by the other. Outerknown was the first brand to be accredited by FLA (Fair Labor Association) meaning they uphold rigorous standards in the apparel industry. S.E.A. (Social Environment Accountability) is a brand under Outerknown that is launching jeans in three styles (mid-rise, slim fit, and full cut) featuring European-milled organic cotton and working with the cleanest denim factory and being completely transparent about their process. Outerknown is saying no to landfills with its commitment to a lifetime guarantee on their jeans: they will repair or replace damaged jeans with customers simply paying for shipping. They are also accepting old jeans to upcycle! It’s good seeing more and more care about sustainability and not making their products to die. Join in on this movement and purchase a pair of Outerknown S.E.A. jeans. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    BURBERRY coat, LACOSTE pants, ARMANI shoes, and jewelry talent's own.  PRADA shirt, SAND pants, and jewelry talent's own.  GUCCI cardigan, SANDRO jeans, LACOSTE shoes, and jewelry talent's own. The multidisciplinary artist Sunni Colón has come back with his second EP Satin Psicodelic. Recorded and configured on both coast of LA and NY as well as across the way to Paris. The album inhabits a draw of lush intimacy not unsimilar to his artwork which plays on textural spaces using light. This intersection of a sound and vision is why he has been lauded as Frank Ocean meets James Turrell. The 7 track EP boasts themes of self reflection, enigmatic beauty and all that discomforts of modern life, which was a perfect fit for falling into the soundtrack of anyone trying to figure out adulting. We grab a few questions with the artist to have him describe what visuals to keep in mind as we listened on.    Where do you draw inspiration from for your music? I draw inspiration from a lot of different people and things including films, conversations, pretty much any form of experience. There are so many musical inspirations, but this morning i’ve been listening to Janet Jackson and Kamasi Washington   How would you describe your new EP, Satin Psicodelic? Sincere, hallucinatory, self realization music. Musical therapy   If your music could paint a picture, what would it look like? It depends on the day and song. The other day someone sent me a message to describe a visual representation of my music and it was an image of a guy sitting on grass in space looking at planets in the distant. I thought that was pretty cool, maybe the painting could resemble that.   Will you continue to create installation art, and if so what can we expect from you? Yes, I’m in the process of creating my next installment now.   How would you define your sound? I don't know really. I’d like to say it’s a sound that Alice Coltrane and Beyonce would enjoy.    You have the day off, and it’s a Sunday afternoon, where can we find you? In bed or somewhere random outdoors.   Written by BJ Panda Bear Photography by: Braina Laviena & Andrew Echev Stylist: Lucy Warren at the Only Agency Photo Assistant: Mikayel Nguyen Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    MARC JACOBS dress, boots, belt, and scarf.  THOM BROWNE dress and gloves.  JONATHAN SIMKHAI corset and skirt and GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes.  TOM FORD dress, stockings, and shoes.  CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC sweater and dress.  ALEXANDER WANG coat, turtleneck and shorts.  PRABAL GURUNG top and skirt and GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes.  OFF-WHITE C/O VIRGIL ABLOH dress and GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes.  ALTUZARRA coat, dress, and shoes.  ECKHAUS LATTA dress and GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes.  MONSE jacket.  PROENZA SCHOULER dress. Photographer: Daniel Cavanaugh. Model: Elizabeth Ayodele at IMG. Stylist: Long Nguyen. Hair: Kazuhide Katahira. Make up: Michaela Bosch. Styling Assistant: Zaquan Champ. Casting: Arielle Berman.   GROOMING NOTES: Beauty notes: Traceless Perfecting Foundation SPF15 Dusk and Macassar, Eye Quad Last Dance, Golden Mink, Silver Topaz and Titanium Smoke, Spike Lash Mascara Black, Brow Sculptor Espresso, Eye Defining Pencil Black, Lip Colour Forbidden Pink, Casablanca, Violet Fatale and Impassioned all by Tom Ford.  Perfect Edges Extra Hold by Cream of Nature, Quench Essential Oil by Andre Walker, and Control H Gel by Curlisto.     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   EYE EYE PRODUCTIONS X GUESS jacket. “Televisuality.” It’s a word I’d not heard until Carter Mull dropped it in his studio. But in that hot afternoon of a room, brimming over with sliced and diced photographs, prints, skins, paints, paintings, collages, assemblages, broken jewelry, and garment racks, it made perfect sense. Not telegenic, as in looking good on TV. Televisual, as in his work being inherently predisposed to its own dissemination. Neither a specific aesthetic nor medium, televisuality is a quality d’esprit. For Mull, it generates an omnivorous and eccentric conceptual and material approach to consuming and producing cultural artifacts and images.  In his influential but unfinished essays from 1927-1940, collected in The Arcades Project, cultural critic Walter Benjamin wrote, “Something different is disclosed in the drunkenness of passion: the landscape of the body. These landscapes are traversed by paths which lead sexuality into the world of the inorganic. Fashion itself is only another medium enticing it still more deeply into the universe of matter.” Mull reads a lot of Walter Benjamin, actually, and it’s important to him that he create works of art which not only depict and document but self-consciously embody the most salient and synthetic aspects of the zeitgeist—because that is or ought to be or at least always used to be the primary function of art. So that’s some of what’s going on in Mull’s mind.  What’s going on in his studio, a second-floor expanse next to a raucous auto shop in a gritty industrial strip on the eastern fringes of downtown? Mostly preparations for an upcoming show at a Boyle Heights art space called ‘Rainbow in Spanish,’ for which Mull is toiling away on a series of mixed media works and design elements for a wall environment. This is where all his reading, systems theory studies, social theatre, and deconstruction of cultural memes comes into direct contact with his inclusive and tactile studio practice, rooted in the appreciation of a certain rough materiality, a synthetic high/low visual lexicon, and good old-fashioned love for gesture, sizzle, and shine.  Incorporating cotton, plastic, paint and sundry in a montage and bricolage process, Mull appreciates with equal gusto the optics of photographs, inkjet, handwork, print-making, augmentation, mediation, transformation, transference, and other spontaneous technological or organic interventions. There is also a great deal of distressed reflective mylar, and so we talk about Warhol for a second and the appeal of futuristic industrial materials and also disco parties. In fact, a bit of the spirit of Warhol hovers in the ether, in the way Mull assertively makes no distinction between high art and popular culture, nor between art, music, and fashion. Anything could happen at any time, and it would all be really real. Warhol also watches approvingly as Mull enacts a certain para-couture project in which he dresses his friends up in his handmade clothes and takes their pictures.  That’s a project that started outside Mull’s studio walls, as he explored his weird neighborhood’s creative community, his mind set aflame by its denizens, who would become his friends and muses. Here they blast Power-106 all day and host underground clubs all night. He explains that, starting in about 2012, this area became the epicenter of a particular music and fashion trend, a new source for the raw style that gets made into popular culture further upstream by the truly famous. Mull credits one such muse in particular—Alanna Pearl, whom he met working at the neighborhood pizza place—with inspiring his own interest in the merger of fashion and art, prompting him to take his first pictures of people. The cross-platform collaborations that have since ensued comprise their own unique objects and images, and have found their way into larger montage works as elements of complicated compositions.  Throughout this process, even as Mull is deeply engaged in the visceral process of making art, the language that articulates the relationship between material and images is never far from his mind. The difference between what images physically are and what their content in itself conveys is as intriguing a subject for Mull as the way a photograph looks when it’s layered with scanned action painting and hung next to a metallic panel affixed with gold chains. It’s all about triangulating the position of the maker in relation to the algorithm of the cultural system, the better to undertake and track the structure of its circulation. In this, Mull plans to begin with himself.  What’s going on in the future is the next phase of his own long-term archive project; what will likely be a decade-long endeavor to create his own archive. Since 2004, he considers his work as adhering to three main categories: fashion/lifestyle, news/appropriation, and the documentary impulse. For a long time, he’s been taking photographs of newspapers, in an effort to understand how they help construct our shared idea of the world—or, at least, how they once did. The obsolete promise of a common cause and shared facts, a discourse engendered within an agreed-upon framework of trust and truth—Mull laments this entropy, as many do. What he is setting out to prove is whether art and aesthetics can step in and fill that role: creating commonality. That premise is central to Mull’s creative inquiry and to the structure of his future archive—the imperative to analyze the information, yes, but more so the systems by which it is delivered, because it is inescapably within that system that people produce their culture. These people. This culture.    Written by Shana Nys Dambrot  Photographer: Carter Mull x Eye Eye Productions. Model: Jensen Fairchild. Stylist: Zane Householder.  Hair & Make up: Mynxii White using Temptu at Opus Beauty. EYE EYE PRODUCTIONS X GUESS jacket. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    TRAP BUNNY jacket, DISCOUNT UNIVERSE top and skirt, and HEART OF BONE ring.  CROSS FOR GOD coat and HELIOT EMIL t-shirt.  DISCOUNT UNIVERSE bodysuit, IVAN BITTON shoes and HEART OF BONE ring.  DISCOUNT UNIVERSE bodysuit, IVAN BITTON shoes and HEART OF BONE ring.  DISCOUNT UNIVERSE bodysuit, IVAN BITTON shoes and HEART OF BONE ring.  MAMADOUX bodysuit, SAMBAC JEWELRYearrings, and HEART OF BONE ring.  Left to Right: MAMADOUX bodysuit, SAMBAC JEWELRY earrings, and HEART OF BONE ring. RESURRECTION coat, PREACH sweatshirt, and BLAKE HYLAND shorts.  Left to Right: BLAKE HYLAND t-shirt, RESURRECTION pants, DR MARTENS shoes, and ALEXANDER MCQUEEN scarf. CINDY ZHANG top, KSLAM jeans, ALL SAINTS shoes, and THE PRETTY CULT necklace. MAMADOUX bodysuit, CINDY ZHANG dress and IVAN BITTON shoes.  BLAKE HYLAND t-shirt, RESURRECTION pants  MAMADOUX bodysuit, CINDY ZHANG dress   MAMADOUX bodysuit and ANY OLD IRON skirt.  CROSS FOR GOD coat, DISCOUNT UNIVERSE top, MURMUR shorts and THE PRETTY CULT necklace.  BLAKE HYLAND t-shirt  Published in 1988 at the height of the Reagan era and set in a near-at-hand dystopic future, author and performance artist Kathy Acker’s Empire of the Senseless envisions Paris in shambles, ravaged by disease and civil unrest. “An elegy for the world of our fathers,” as Acker refers to it, the story centers on two terrorists and sometimes lovers— the paranoid pirate Thivai and the cyborg Abhor—as they move through the city together and apart, leaving carnage and gleeful, erotic destruction in their wake. Here, photographer Bil Brown pays tribute to the influential post-modern novel, now seeing a re-release via Grove Press in celebration of the book’s 30th year, with a photo-essay enlisting friends and contemporaries Photographer: Bil Brown Stylist: Shania Feldman Models: Ariel King, Amy Black, and Sebastian White Hair & Makeup: Elaina Karras FX Artist: Rocky Calderon Photography Assistant: Drew Pluta Flaunt film directed by Mynxii White Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017         With a new editor-in-residence Alix Browne, today marks the reveal of her first project under Helmut Lang, for their 2018 Fall campaign called ‘Smart People Wear Helmut Lang’ Alix’s perspective on the project was to enlist multidisciplinary cast, mastering in their respective fields, photographed by Richard Burbridge mixing archived pieces with current and forthcoming Helmut Lang collections. Starring an eclectic mix of people from all different strides of life,  Alix’s wanted to highlight one of her favourite statements from mister Helmut Lang himself that is ‘people who wear the brand have a sense of intelligence about them. The essential language of the brand is largely embedded inside the clothes’ Browne explains this saying ‘The idea being perhaps that people who have really interesting inner lives don’t necessarily  need to broadcast that fact on their sleeves.’ Alix definitely projected the considered, deeply assured yet conveyed the cheeky ethos of Helmut Lang himself and the representation of his brand. To accompany the project’s launch, Helmut Lang is set to release limited edition Smart People Wear Helmut Lang hoddies and t-shirts which will be available come September at HELMUTLANG.COM, Helmut Lang stores and selected retail partners. Cast:Amanda Gorman, PoetJames Ivory, FilmmakerJosh & Benny Safdie, FilmmakersMax Lamb, DesignerPati Hertling, Lawyer and CuratorWu Tsang, Artist Written by Lily Burdis Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017         Photo via Ahelm Eyewear Grammy Award-nominated recording artist Leon Bridges adores wearing sunglasses, especially if they are from Ahelm Eyewear and plated in gold. Lucky for him, Ahlem reached out to the soul singer to collaborate on a piece of eyewear that fulfills all his needs. In September, Ahlem will release "Ahlem for Leon Bridges": 50 limited edition handcrafted glasses, electroplated in gold with laser engraved titanium nose pads for comfort and lightweight support. A portion of the proceeds from sales of the glasses will go to benefit Westminster Elementary, so you can look good and feel good, too. Similar to their namesake, the glasses are handsome and classy. In homage to his newest and sophomore album Good Thing and the song "Bad Bad News," Ahlem laser engraved the album name and lyrics across the arms and around the frames.   “The AHLEM eyewear design philosophy is centered around the relationship between simplicity, beauty and functionality. We are not influenced by trends or bound by seasonal restrictions. One can say this is true of Leon as well. He is true to himself as a musician and songwriter, and is steadfast in his commitment to his timeless personal style,” Ahlem says.  The complete collaboration comes with the stylish glasses, clip on lenses, a vinyl edition of Good Thing and two hand-stitched leather like cases.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   MIU MIU coat, dress, and shoes, FENDI socks, BELADORA earrings, and POPPY LISSIMAN sunglasses. All I want to do is just stay at home and eat chips.” At six years old, this was the height of Mackenzie Ziegler’s aspirations. Ziegler, along with her sister Maddie Ziegler (Sia’s go-to dancer), got her start on the reality TV show Dance Moms, which ran from 2011 to 2017. When she wasn’t busy dancing, she was dreaming of simpler days spent on the couch. Now, seven years later, things have changed a bit. The dancer now keeps her schedule packed with projects and pursuits, including writing, acting, producing, singing, and modeling. In addition, Ziegler is launching a makeup line–Love, Kenzie–this fall. For a fourteen- year-old, she has a lot on her plate. But Ziegler says she wouldn’t have it any other way. “I’m so focused on my career that I really don’t have time or want to do anything else,” she tells me. The interdisciplinary talent pirouettes from one passion to the next without fear.  MSGM jacket and top This confidence may seem natural, considering she grew up in the spotlight, but it hasn’t always been there for Ziegler. “When I was on Dance Moms I was really scared to put myself out there,” she admits. The reality TV show was notoriously stressful, and it was not uncommon for the dancers to break into tears with the ever-watching cameras ready to catch it all. But there were positive things that came out of it. “I learned a lot from the show, like how to stick up for myself.” Ziegler also appreciatively notes, “I wouldn’t be here without it.” SPORTMAX turtleneck, GUESS dress, and ALEXANDER WANG bra. This ability to always find the silver lining is a specialty of Ziegler’s, and she’s channeled this upbeat energy into her new self-help book, Kenzie’s Rules for Life: How to Be Happy, Healthy, and Dance to Your Own Beat. In her debut manuscript, she shares advice on how to use positivity to handle drama with friends and family, as well as strategies for coping with and preventing bullying. “I wanted to write a book about positivity, because my friends are always saying, ‘How are you so positive with everything?’ I always find the bright side of things,” she tells me. A skim of the reviews from young readers voicing their appreciation for the book makes it clear that her perspective has resonated with her audience.  RED VALENTINO coat, MSGM top, GANNI skirt, and DANIELA VILLEGAS earrings. Her new YouTube show, Total Eclipse, also tackles the subject of bullying head-on. Ziegler plays Cassie, an outcast who spends her days with daydreaming, to escape the reality of isolation that she faces at school. Ziegler welcomes the chance to play a character, rather than being one herself. “I love it so much more because it’s scripted and you get to play someone totally different, while on reality TV you’re playing yourself,” she tells me.  FENDI jacket and dress, RED VALENTINO layered skirt, and BELADORA bracelets. As much as Ziegler enjoys playing someone else, she does her best to share her real self with her social media followers—all 10.7 million of them. While she doesn’t consider herself a celebrity, she is well aware of her position as a role model. She tries to interact with followers as much as possible by going live or making their day with a supportive comment. She loves her fans, and with that love comes concern. “Everyone wants to look like Kylie Jenner. Thirteen- year-olds are facetuning themselves to look skinnier,” she says, clearly troubled. “I just want to tell them, ‘It doesn’t matter! You’re thirteen, just live your life!’”  Unlike some of her counterparts, who will endure a system shutdown if their phone is pried from their ever-connected hands, she has no problem stepping away for a bit. “I don’t think followers are a big deal. I’m thankful that I have ten million, but it’s just a button,” she says, laughing. “I don’t think it’s that cool. I love social media, but people need to chill.”  FENDI jacket and dress, RED VALENTINO layered skirt, and BELADORA bracelets. She means what she says. As we speak she keeps her eyes on me, undistracted by her nearby phone. I say this in advance to help explain her greatest fear: “Losing my career and my supporters.” It might seem a narcissistic insecurity. But it isn’t. For Ziegler, the point isn’t the likes or the fame. It’s about the platform. She supports her fans; her fans support her. She truly enjoys her work and wants to continue doing it. And for now, nothing is stopping her. As she balances a book release, a new show, and a community of fans 10.7 million strong, she remains undaunted: “I feel like I can conquer the world.”  Written by Tori Adams  Photographed by Kelia Anne Flaunt Film directed by Luke Sirimongkhon Hair by Kylee Heath  Makeup by Glenn Nutley    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017     GUESS shirt and DIOR pants.  MSGM shirt.  FENDI jacket.  DIOR jacket.  TOM FORD jacket, shirt, and undershirt.  MSGM shirt.  CHANEL jumpsuit.  VALENTINO dress.  SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO cape.  VERSACE jacket, shirt, pants and belt and SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO boots.   TOM FORD coat.   TOM FORD jacket and HUDSON JEANS jeans.  TOM FORD jacket and HUDSON JEANS jeans.  FRAME jumpsuit  FENDI coat.  TOM FORD coat.  HUGO BOSS suit and THE ELDER STATESMAN shirt.  ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA COUTURE vest.  HUGO BOSS suit and THE ELDER STATESMAN shirt.   Left to right: BALENCIAGA dress and boots. TOM FORD coat. DIOR jacket.FENDI jacket. TOM FORD jacket.CHANEL dress. VALENTINO dress HUGO BOSS coat. HUGO BOSS jacket.  BALENCIAGA dress and boots.  DIOR HOMME shirt.  VALENTINO dress.  CHANEL dress.  FRAME jacket and GUESS jeans.  SAINT LAURENT ANTHONY VACCARELLO  shirt, pants, and belt.  MSGM fleece  FENDI jacket.  THE ELDER STATESMAN suit and HUGO BOSS t-shirt.  THE ELDER STATESMAN robe.  HUGO BOSS coat.  HUGO BOSS coat.       Photography by Jim Krantz Styled by Kris Zero Models: Zane Bishop, Sara Bishop, Mark Bishop, Luke Boonstra (baby), Blaze Christofferson, Damian Cox ,Cheyenne Davenport, Lyndsey Fitch, Steve Mantle, Ken McCall, Taylor Merriman, Jackie Morin, Michelin Morin, Bengt Sandin, Kyler Scott, Jessica Shannon, Stacy Truer, Zach Truer, Mercedes Rimoni, Lance Vanover, Gavyn Wade, and Kris Zero.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      After nearly 20 years of silence the composer Midori Takada reappeared to present a collaboration with the musician Lafawndah for a Kenzo produced film, Le Renard Bleu. Directed by Partel Oliva the film showcased krump artist Qwenga hypnotically dancing against the beautiful score. Now a vinyl of this ethereal soundtrack has just been release on K7. In honor of it’s release we got to spoke to Lafawndah about the project which saw the old and new worlds of avant garden colliding.      How did you feel like working with Midori Takada knowing she hadn't release any music in almost 20 years?  Anxious, excited, honored, blocked, freed.    How did the collaboration come along ? Partel Oliva, the filmmakers and creative directors at Kenzo at the time asked me if I'd be down to collaborate on a music piece with Midori Takada, which would be use as the point of departure for a film they would write around and about the music. I choked and when I was back to life, I said yes.    You wrote the lyrics, what is your personal process of writing like?  Depends. But for this project in particular there was a lot of special circumstances. One of them is, I don't really sing on other people's tracks. Just because what makes me wanna sing is to compose the music first. So I was a bit nervous about that. I also have never worked with someone who is such an inspiration to me. Also, she is the one who decided about the theme and asked me to write about it which is also unusual for me. Then, Partel Oliva are my favorite directors and the idea of making a piece of music for them to write a film was a lot of pressure. So I started reading a bunch of things about the fox in the Dogon mythology and also in Japanese folk and started to find a thread I was interested in, a point of view for the story and a feeling. Then I asked my partner Brian, to come help me cause I was blocked from all these impressive mountains I was surrounded by. He unblocked me and we wrote the lyrics together.   The title of the film is Le Renard Bleu meaning The Blue Fox in French, can you explain what does this fox represent? Takada san is very interested in the Dogon mythology and in particular in the figure of the fox. People have different interpretation of it. For me it's the good chaos. It's the one who comes and destroys everything in order to start better, stronger, more intentionally. It's also a divination figure, the one who knows things we don't because it lives between two worlds so it can be used as an advise giver. It's just a different kinda wisdom you know, the chaotic wisdom.   What are you working on next? Music more music more and more music, a film, a documentary, a performance, a recipe book, a line of cosmetics, a dance movement. a lot of exciting things coming your way!    Le Renard Bleu by Midori Takada and Lafawndah is available on vinyl now Written by BJ Panda Bear Interview by Agathe Pinard Photos courtesy of Kenzo Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    PRADA coat, jacket, shoes, hat and socks, JENNIFER FISHER earrings, and helmet stylists own.  TORY SPORT coat, turtleneck, and bag, MICHAEL KORS pants, and JENNIFER FISHER earrings.  helmet stylist’s own.  helmet stylist’s own.  Left to right: LACOSTE jumpsuit and turtleneck. ETOILE ISABEL MARANT jacket, UNRAVEL turtleneck, N°21 shoes, and FENDI glasses. PRADA jacket and hat and JENNIFER FISHER earrings. While other little girls filled in “ballet dancer” or “veterinarian” for their elementary school “When I grow up” project, Toni Breidinger only had one thing on her mind: speed. She got her first taste of the track at just nine years old, racing go-carts at a local complex. Before she was even legally old enough to pilot the family minivan she was racing cars. When Breidinger finally made it to the DMV to take her driving examination, the woman administering the test had no idea about her background in racing. “I didn’t want to tell her because I didn’t want her to expect me to drive really fast or something,” Breidinger tells me, laughing. “But afterwards she mentioned that I had a little bit of a lead foot on the gas pedal.”  Breidinger certainly doesn’t fit the “good ol’ boy” stereotype of a traditional NASCAR aspirant. Born in the Bay Area, she boasts the looks, style, and charm to draw thousands of Instagram followers. Her captions, unsurprisingly, are flawless. But don’t let the pretty face and the laid-back California cool fool you—Breidinger is here to win. Though sometimes it does take a bit of effort to make the switch to racing mode. “I really have to train myself,” she confesses. “As soon as I’m in a race car, I just have to switch my mentality over to being a more aggressive person so I can really get after it during the race.”  PRADA jacket, socks, and shoes, and stylist’s own helmet. A look at any given footage of Breidinger in competition shows you how dramatic that switch can be. In one such video, with the camera perched just above her helmet, Breidinger whips around the track, jostling between other drivers, using all her strength to wrestle the car into submission. She makes room for herself on the track, leaving timidity behind to push competitors out of the way and off of her spot on the podium.  A comment below the video, which was posted to her professional racing Facebook page, marks the move as unsavory. “This is awful,” Someone’s Suburban Dad says. “She bulldozed all of the cars out the way.” Breidinger’s reply is firm and unapologetic: “They were not going to see me until I got next to them, and I did so without contact. I don’t see how that could be unfair.” She doesn’t need your advice when it comes to what happens behind the wheel.  LACOSTE jumpsuit and turtleneck. She also doesn’t seek special treatment. She doesn’t need it. While facing a trifecta of challenges—her conspicuous youth, a heavily male-leaning field, a childhood outside of the traditional Southern racing bubble—she’s ripping through barriers with the determination of men twice her age and size. But she’s not too keen on bringing gender-politics into racing. “I guess I don’t really think about it much. As soon as the helmet comes on for me, everyone is just a driver; gender is pretty irrelevant at that point. So, when I’m racing I really don’t think about it. I’m just so used to racing as one of the only females.”  At the moment, for Breidinger, racing comes first, second, and third. Rather than heading to college like many of her peers, she’s making the jump from The Bay to Charlottesville, to further immerse herself in the world of top-level racing. “I don’t feel like you have to necessarily go to the East Coast to get good, but it’s definitely different,” she explains. “Racing on the East Coast is definitely a little bit bigger. There’s more of a car count.” And with her sights set on NASCAR, it’s the only place to be. “North Carolina is a huge hub for all things NASCAR, and basically all the teams are there. The team that I’m driving for this year is in Concord, North Carolina. So my move there was to help out my racing career and to be surrounded by racing.”  JIL SANDER coat and corset belt and DIOR visor. Racing requires Breidinger to maintain a strict diet and exercise regimen. Her training includes working out 1-2 times a day and eating vegan. “I know a lot of people think you’re kind of just sitting and turning a steering wheel but it really takes a lot more than that. A lot of people think it might just be arms, but I have my legs get tired in a race,” she says. “Honestly, it’s like an entire body workout that you have to prepare for, even though it doesn’t really seem like it. I find myself getting tired in all areas of my body.” As for the rare moments between racing, when I ask her what her perfect day looks like, she includes working out with her trainer and hanging out at her team’s shop. Even when this girl has a day off, she’s on.  JIL SANDER coat and DIOR visor. Though she’s extraordinary in many ways, don’t get the impression that Breidinger is the manifestation of perfection, here to shame us all into veganism and daily exercise with her picture-perfect lifestyle. She’s definitely got her vices—racecar drivers: they’re just like us! Just like you she loathes running on the treadmill, and she pines for a puppy to fill the loneliness of living in an apartment alone, far away from home. She’s also not immune to some sibling rivalry with her twin sister and fellow racecar driver, Annie. Breidinger emphasizes that though she tries to be cautious with Annie—“I don’t want the drive home to be awkward,” she laughs—on the track she’s still there to win. “We’ve been racing against each other for nine years now, so I know her driving style very well and I treat her like any other racer. We’re rooting for each other to do well, but I still always want to get first place.”  MARNI coat, T BY ALEXANDER WANG bra top and shorts, and JENNIFER FISHER earrings. This dogged desire for first place and a decade of hard work culminated in her being named USAC (United States Auto Club) Winningest Female Driver in 2017. Additionally, in March of this year, she was added to Venturini’s Motor Sport’s driver line-up for is “thinking about and the 2018 ARCA Racing Series, which she preparing for everyday.”  An Instagram post from earlier this year features Breidinger at the track in full gear before a race. Looking into the distance, she focuses all her attention on the instructions humming through the buds in her ears. “Take the risk or lose the chance” the caption reads She tells me that the most difficult part of breaking into racing at the highest level is finding sponsors. With Breidinger’s poise and unflappable determination, it seems that what we’ve seen is just the prelude to the main act—which, with any luck, will take place in a car plastered with Mountain Dew, Energizer, and Valvoline decals.  Written by Kathleen JuarezPhotographed by Chris Schoonover and Jonathan SchoonoverStyled by Jenny HaapalaFlaunt film directed by Katie LevineMusic by Coby AshpisHair by Yuhi KimMakeup by Aidan KStyling Assistant—Alea ChristieStyling Assistant—Olivia Jakubik:   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Tonight the MAK Center’s Mackey Apartment’s Penthouse is hosting a show of Amore Agency’s work. The installation was created during the artist Noemi Polo’s Art and Architecture Residency program in which the artist lived in one of the houses. A lifestyle collection titled Schindler will be showcase featuring a selection of fashionable art objects inspired by the proto modernist architect Rudolf Schindler. The bulk of the patterns and design works off Schindler's name and logo.  Amore Agency is an Italian design and research studio, which have bridged the spaces of architectural theory and modernist aestheticism producing installations, products and publications.  Amore Agency’s Schindler Collection opening August 23, 2018 7-10 pm 137 S Cochran Ave,  90019 Los Angeles    The show is up until September 23, 2018   Written by BJ Panda Bear Photos courtesy of Amore Agency Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   PAUL SMITH shirt and pants, and talent’s own boots. PRADA coat and pants and PAUL SMITH shirt and tie. A few minutes into our converstion, actor Billy Howle speaks enthusiastically about the heroes of his youth: Patti Smith, Lou Reed, David Bowie, Laurie Anderson. The foundation of his acting career, it turns out, was a life immersed in music.  “I never really had conventional heroes growing up,” Howle tells me. “A lot of them tended to be music-based. I think from quite a young age, I understood one thing about myself: whatever it was that I ended up doing, it was going to involve performance in some regard.”  Performance—both musical and dramatic—fascinated young Howle. The on-stage theatrics of David Bowie or Patti Smith, he says, were just as important to his eventual career choice as any formal training. “I think performing in and of itself is something I was always interested in. I believe that a lot of the arts can afford to be interdisciplinary; virtuosity is something I believe in and respect...I didn’t see how things had to be exclusive.”  WALES BONNER blazer, ALEXANDER MCQUEEN shirt both available at matchesfashion.com, PAUL SMITH trousers, and talent’s own boots. After moving home repeatedly because of his father’s job as a university academic—“we moved about twelve times”—Howle and his family eventually settled in Scarborough, a small seaside town in the north of England. Soon after arriving, his discovery of a thriving underground music scene became the catalyst for his own artistic development.  “There was this micro-culture movement going on in Scarborough, with all sorts of ‘clans’—there were punk bands and a ska movement; here was a real vein of reggae and hip hop going on as well. I got involved in a lot of that from quite a young age...it manifested itself in the way I dressed and the people I hung out with.”  Howle and a group of friends set up a youth club to bring more music to the town. “It was by young people and for young people. It was called Determined Independent Youth—DIY,” he laughs. Initially banned by local authorities for setting up an event without permission (he was told a youth worker had to supervise), the punk spirit of the youth club flourished when they were largely left to their own devices by the supervisor. “We set up a music festival and all sorts of fundraising events and gigs. I was in about five bands at one point, each playing something different. It was a cool place to grow up.”  LANVIN suit and PRADA shirt both at matchesfashion.com. After turning 18, Howle left home and spent the next three years studying drama at the renowned Bristol Old Vic Theatre School, where the yearly intake of just twelve students made for an intense but memorable experience. “It was really important in hindsight, because you can often be on a job for quite a long period of time, and you’ve got to not just get on with people but sometimes be incredibly vulnerable around those people emotionally,” Howle says. “It could be quite intense, but it was also very meaningful, very nurturing. I may not see any of those people for three or four years, but if they ever needed anything from me I’d be there in an instant.”  After graduating, Howle landed a starring role in the acclaimed British television drama Glue. The transition from student to professional actor was challenging. Howle felt underprepared for screen work after a degree that had focused largely on classical theatre.  “For me, it’s always been about educating myself, learning something, exploring it. I turned up on set and there was a lot of stuff I didn’t really understand fully—what’s an anamorphic lens? What does this lighting do? It was a real learning curve for me, a real education after an education, which is precisely what I needed as preparation for later roles.”  LANVIN suit and PRADA shirt. Both available at matchesfashion.com. Another struggle was dealing with what he terms the “upstairs, downstairs” division, where actors often feel typecast as characters that have a similar social background to their own. “There was this real dichotomy, a feeling, a dilemma in my head when we would do exercises about status or class. Do you know the program Upstairs, Downstairs?” he asks me, referring to a classic British television drama about wealthy socialites (those who live “upstairs”) and their servants (who often work “downstairs”).“On leaving drama school, there was an expectation that I was either going to be ‘upstairs’ or ‘downstairs’ with regard to casting. I didn’t agree with this on so many grounds. I could be upstairs or downstairs... surely, as actors that’s the whole point—we should be able to adapt and change and understand; we should be able to have an empathetic response to something that is wildly outside of our experience.”  Howle proved he could do just that in his next role as Leonard Vole alongside Kim Cattrall in The Witness for the Prosecution, based on the Agatha Christie short story. “I’m fascinated by roles that are problematic for us morally as people. I think for a long time I’d just taken on that idea or that philosophy of good versus evil—that binary thinking that there’s a line here and we’re going to divide it into two and vilify this and celebrate that. I don’t do that now when I approach a character,” he says, detailing his preparation for a role.  I ask him more about why he is attracted to more controversial characters. “I think my rebuttal to that would be: why are they attracted to me? It’s a really strange thing,” he laughs. “I think there’s this really old hat idea that you’re only a comedic or tragic actor, which isn’t the case. There was an idea at drama school that I was sort of able to access those slightly more tragic or dramatic facets of a person and those heavyweight emotions. But I don’t necessarily see them as heavyweight, dramatic, tragic roles; I sort of see them just as stories. I’m very interested in being able to draw out any kind of humor or lightness or joy from the absolute depths of sorrow and loss and misery. I think they inhabit the same space—they’re completely dependent on one another: joy cannot exist without sorrow.”  WALES BONNER blazer, ALEXANDER MCQUEEN shirt both available at matchesfashion.com, As our conversation continues, it’s evident that Howle prepares meticulously for roles—especially, it seems, when he is working on literary adaptations (Howle has starred in adaptations of Julian Barnes’ The Sense of an Ending, Chekov’s The Seagull and Ian McEwan’s On Chesil Beach). Working alongside Oscar nominee Saoirse Ronan in The Seagull and On Chesil Beach, Howle explains that they would look at the text together and note the differences between novel and script to help decipher a character’s motivation. But preparation can only take you so far. “The novel has to be sometimes relinquished in a way to offer up the freedom to let what happens happen in the moment of a scene. It’s a negotiation, and you’ve got to be adaptable. You certainly don’t want to pre-empt it too much. That kills cinema in my opinion. Eventually all of the groundwork pays off, but you have to get to a point where you can essentially forget about it and just live as the character.”  It may seem that Howle’s path as an actor has been an unbroken ascent, but Howle admits there have been challenges along the way. Our conversation turns to his struggles with depression and anxiety. One of the early pitfalls of his career, he explains, was his use of drama as an escape from his emotions rather than as a means to understand them.  “Once it becomes your profession it can no longer be a therapy. It ends up becoming quite an unhealthy relationship that you have, in the same way as someone who runs to work because their home life is so upsetting. It’s unhealthy to have that kind of dependence on something,” he tells me. “Early on, when I was learning,I would often fall into that trap—but you still had to go home, deal with yourself and your head and whatever was going on there. For me, the coping mechanism was really being able to open up the dialogue about that stuff. I think trying to encourage people to write about their experiences and to talk to other people about their experiences is very important. Even opening up that dialogue can be almost impossible for some young men because they’re utterly ashamed of the way that they feel. It’s debilitating.”  BURBERRY jacket, PAUL SMITH sweater and trousers, and FENDI shirt all available at matchesfashion.com. Howle talks emotionally and at length about the high statistics for suicide in young men. While he believes that conversations are starting to happen around mental health issues in the arts, he insists more needs to be done to help people from a young age to fully express their emotions.  In his spare time, Howle leads drama workshops with young people to help them access and manage their emotions through the power of drama. Many of the youngsters he works with have been excluded from mainstream education and instead attend pupil referral units in the UK that are, as Howle puts it, “One step away from incarceration.” He’s already seen some progress: “I’m starting to be surrounded by young men where mental health is something that is being talked about. And that’s finally something.”  As our conversation draws to a close, we’re back to heroes—namely, Patti Smith. As a pioneer who refused to follow what was expected, crossing disciplines and experimenting with art, music, poetry, and photography during her vibrant career, Smith is perhaps the hero most in-tune with Howle’s spirit. “I think Patti Smith is a great example because she does so much. I think if you have a skill or an ability to do something then you kind of owe it to yourself to honor that.” As he takes on ever more complex roles, transcending limitations and expectations and helping others along the way, it seems Howle is doing just that. It’s a new model for what an actor, or any creative person, should do: using their talents and prominence not just to entertain, but to make the world a better place.  Written by Elizabeth Aubrey Photographed by Dominic Clarke   Styled by Mark Anthony Bradley  Groomed by Gow Tanaka    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017     HVW8 Gallery Los Angeles and Adidas Originals come together for the first time to celebrate and present the renowned work of photographer Chi Modu and his notorious project UNCATEGORIZED. It all started in 2013 when larger than life pictures such as a rarely seen photo of Tupac, a never released shot of Snoop Dog, an iconic image of Notorious B.I.G standing in front of the World Trade Towers etc. slowly started to take over the tall buildings of New York. What people didn’t know yet is that it was collectively apart of something so much bigger which became the start of Chi Modu’s movement called UNCATEGORIZED. UNCATEGORIZED started off as a search to find a way to connect more people to his artwork, the easiest way possible. “The art world tends to be very exclusive and full of obstacles for both the artists and the public. My goal is to make art more inclusive by pulling an end run on the galleries, breaking down the barriers, and bringing the art directly to the people. Like graffiti, but legal.” Honouring some of the greats and reflecting on their impact on a forever growing hip-hop community, showing us how they have paved their ways for so many artists while still being highly respected today with their timeless music. The exhibit runs from August 25th until September 23nd. Opening Hours: Thursday to Sunday from 1-6pm Written By: Lily Burdis Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO suit, shirt, and shoes. BALMAIN jacket and pants, and RAF SIMONS shoes. BALENCIAGA turtleneck, pants, shoes, and gloves. BALMAIN shirt. CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC coat, jacket, pants, and shoes. DIOR HOMME coat, turtleneck, and scarf. Left: RICK OWENS top and shorts. Right: SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO jacket and shirt. COMME DES GARÇONS HOMME PLUS jacket and skirt. Left to right: MARNI jacket and pants and CONVERSE shoes. GUCCI sweater and pants, and GOLA shoes. GUCCI jacket and pants and ALEXANDER MCQUEEN shoes. JIL SANDER sweater and pants and ALEXANDER MCQUEEN shoes. Left to right: GIVENCHY sweater, pants, and shoes. RAF SIMONS jacket, pants, and shoes. TOM FORD suit, shirt, and tie, and VERSACE shoes. MAISON MARGIELA coat and shoes. SACAI jacket, shorts, and shawl, and GOLA shoes. Left to right: VERSACE jacket and pants. TOM FORD jacket, shirt, and pants. Left to right: MAISON MARGIELA coat and ALEXANDER MCQUEEN pants. ALEXANDER MCQUEEN jacket and pants. Left to right: BOSS poncho and NIKE X OFF-WHITE shoes. COACH 1941 jacket and pants and GUCCI shoes. PRADA shirt and shorts and ALEXANDER MCQUEEN sneakers. AMI ALEXANDRE MATTIUSSI coat and MAISON MARGIELA shoes. Left to right: VERSACE poncho and pants, and SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO shoes. OFF-WHITE C/O VIRGIL ABLOH suit, t-shirt, and ALEXANDER MCQUEEN sneakers. OFF-WHITE C/O VIRGIL ABLOH jacket and shorts.   Left to right: BOTTEGA VENETA jacket, and pants and TOM FORD shoes. OFF-WHITE C/O VIRGIL ABLOH jacket and pants and NIKE X COMME DES GARÇONS sneakers. VERSACE poncho and pants and SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO shoes. BODE jacket, shirt, and pants and BOTTEGA VENETA shoes. Left to right: PRADA coat and shorts, and ALEXANDER MCQUEEN shoes. LOUIS VUITTON shirt, shorts, and tights. GIVENCHY coat, shirt, and tights.  Left to right: LANVIN coat and pants and ALEXANDER MCQUEEN sneakers. HERMÈS coat and pants and VERSACE shoes. JUNYA WATANABE MAN coat and pants and ALEXANDER MCQUEEN sneakers. Photographer: Kevin Amato. Stylist: Long Nguyen. Models: Miles Cartelli Fambro Jr., Yvesmark Chery, Sean Williams, Santiago Pereria, Zappa Nguyen, Kafiq Baynes, and George Davis.  Jonathan Rodriguez, Dangelo Rodriguez, Elvis Tejada, Jaleen Oliver, Tray Roscoe, and Donovan Santos at Next, NY. Styling Assistant: Zaquan Champ. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    ROBERTO CAVALLI dress  ALEXANDER WANG dress. L’AGENCE top and pants and BOTTEGA VENETA boots. Actress Brigette Lundy-Paine is in the zone. We’re now well into her photo shoot, and watching her is an education. The music moves from Bowie to Missy to Elvis as she rocks one outfit after the other, full-look Vuitton followed by L’Agence. She’s posing against a golden-glitter wall, puffing her chest, chin up, lips worked into a snarl, her performance shifting with the use of costume and stage, all rounded out by the choices of music. All the research I have done on the actor is nothing compared to seeing her in action. It suddenly makes sense to me, how this young talent is able to juggle her many varied creative pursuits, from music and performance art to acting for both the big and small screen. This multifaceted, uninhibited take on creative expression is perhaps best described by Lundy-Paine’s concept of “Waifiness,” outlined in full in a manifesto for her forthcoming online art/fashion zine, Waif (just another one of her projects): “When that noise is so white you can’t even hear it. Messy hair is waif, but so are bangs. . . Waif is when you play the piano & you don’t know how to play the piano. . . Talent shows are Waif.” It’s off but coherent, poetic and compelling.  ROBERTO CAVALLI dress, bra, and underwear and ELLERY boots. Lundy-Paine was born in Portland, Oregon and brought up in Alameda, a small beach town in Northern California. Acting is in her blood, it seems—both of her parents are theater actors. Lundy-Paine jokes that she was “forced into the family business.” During her time in the world of theater, she met her childhood friends Misha Brooks, Zach Donovan, and Mina Walker. After Brooks joined Lundy-Paine at NYU, they formed an experimental art band called Subtle Pride. A quick Google yields charming videos that fuse theatrics, a cappella, improv, and DIY costuming. They’re full of heart and art-school earnestness, reworking pop song structures with a tinge of freak folk.  The band started out as a response to being called out on a bluff, Lundy-Paine explains. “I met Misha when we did a Czechoslovakian opera together in Berkeley. He was eight and I was ten, so we’ve been friends for a really long time. When he started at NYU, the four of us started hanging out a lot. One night Mina and I joked that we were releasing an album later in the year called Backpack on a Track, because of some photos we had taken with backpacks on a train track. Somebody called us on our bluff, and they said, ‘Well, sing us one of your singles.’ We looked at each other and we made something up on the spot, and we were so impressed! Later that week, Zach and Misha came over and we decided to kind of try it.”  LOUIS VUITTON bodysuit and bag.  While at NYU’s Tisch School of the Arts, she honed her skills in the theatrical craft while pursuing a degree in acting. With the foundation set, her career began to bloom. A broad range of roles started coming her way—from the daughter of unconventional parents seeking stability in The Glass Castle, to an attendant at a dangerous, run-down amusement park in the physical comedy Action Point. Now, Subtle Pride and other projects have been placed on hold as Lundy-Paine breaks into the mainstream with Netflix’s Atypical, her most high-profile role to date.  The show has not only become a cult favorite, it has made Lundy-Paine an idol of sorts. On the show, Lundy-Paine plays Casey, the lovingly protective younger sibling of Sam (Keir Gilchrist), a young man on the autism spectrum searching for love. Her performance has garnered positive reactions from critics and fans alike, and she’s rightfully proud of the work she’s doing. “People love Casey because she’s so strong, funny, and honest—she’s just a good person, I think. She’s pure because she’s had to grow up protecting someone else. I hear a lot of feedback from people who have siblings with autism, people who have family members that they have taken care of their whole life, and from people who have someone in their life they feel they are standing up for, and they really relate to Casey.” This feedback clearly means a lot to Lundy-Paine, who is proud to be giving voice to a character that resonates with people who have been underrepresented in television. “I hear from a lot of queer youth who have always felt very different. I feel like I have been lucky to do such socially conscious work, and being on a set like that is unlike anything else because you feel like you’re a part of the bigger picture and part of the cause. Netflix offers such a wide reach, and it’s so special to tell a story like this that reaches so many people.”  CHANEL dress, boots, and necklace.  Atypical also features Jennifer Jason Leigh portraying Lundy-Paine’s mother, Elsa, a woman coming to terms with her identity as a mother and wife. It is easy to see Lundy-Paine following a similar career trajectory to the chameleon-like Leigh. She is quick to exclaim,“Honestly, Jennifer Jason Leigh, I adore her. When I started the first season I was like, ‘Fuck! I haven’t seen any of Jennifer’s movies!’ So I went home and watched a 30-minute interview with her and then I tried to watch scenes from a movie. Now I’ve seen, like, everything she’s done. I watched Fast Times At Ridgemont High the other day, which is fantastic. She’s amazing in it, and in Annihilation she’s incredible. I love working with her because she’s so fucking funny.”  Looking ahead, I ask Lundy-Paine about her ideal role. Turns out she may not have to wait very long. “I actually have an audition later today, for this awesome, sarcastic, chain-smoking woman. She’s bitter because she’s never really found love, she smokes a lot of cigarettes, but at the end of the day she’s got a great sense of humor and she doesn’t really give a fuck. That’s a character that I know I’ll have to play,” she exclaims. Until she gets that role, the outlook on her budding career seems filled with various opportunities for her to continue in her streak of strong, idiosyncratic performances. She’s got plenty to look forward to already. “I’m doing some cool independent films I’m really excited about. I’ve done a lot of small parts on really big sets and that’s just such a funny dynamic. I’m excited to be on a small set for a while.”  CHRISTOPHER KANE jacket, BOTTEGA VENETA bra, L’AGENCE skirt, and SANTONI boots. Written by BJ Panda Bear Photographed by Ian Morrison Video by Hailey Ruffner Styled by Monty Jackson at Starworks Group Hair by Rena Calhoun at Starworks Group Makeup by Gina Nicole Music by Tickle Torture   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA jacket, BASSIKE tank, CHROME HEARTS necklace, bracelets, and rings, and talents own necklace and bracelet. ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA jacket, BASSIKE tank, CHROME HEARTS necklace, bracelets, and rings, and talents own necklace and bracelet. At 23 years old, Nyjah Huston is an unmistakable presence. Tattooed from the neck down and sporting a laid back Nike-centric style, he exudes a quiet composure. A bonafide thrasher by the age of five, Huston has risen to a level of prominence and mass-recognition that only a few skaters have achieved, placing him in the company of legends like Rodney Mullen, Tony Hawk, and Paul Rodriguez.  Born in Davis, California, Huston has made the leap from the street and the park into superstardom, with 2.4 million Instagram followers and a stack of brand partnerships, including a deal he inked with Nike in 2015 to join their SB team, making him the highest paid skater in the world. Any skateboarder will tell you how important good skate shoes are, and having a signature shoe, as Huston does with Nike, is a sign that you’ve unmistakably “made it.” While social media and brand partnerships are an inextricable part of contemporary skate culture, the seven-time X-Game gold medalist has earned every bit of his fame, alongside more prize money than any skater before him.  Huston left California during his youth, spending his formative years in San Lorenzo, Puerto Rico, where he was raised as a strict Rastafarian, listening only to reggae music, forbidden from cutting his shoulder length dreads, and following a strict vegan diet until the age of 18. Though he no longer adheres to the Rastafarian lifestyle, he still feels a deep affinity for Puerto Rico. “There’s actually a great skate scene out there, and I feel like a lot of people don’t know that. It’s devastating that they got hit with that hurricane. I haven’t actually been back since I lived there, but I hope to find the time to go back there soon,” he tells me. His time there inspired Huston to use his platform to give back. Influenced by the difficulties he faced accessing clean water while in San Lorenzo, Huston founded Let It Flow, an organization that seeks to provide access to clean water in developing nations. In 2012, Let It Flow constructed their first well in the Ethiopian village Debra Brehan.  In 2011, Huston broke out with his self- produced skate film Rise & Shine, which won him a slew of sponsorships. It’s easy to see why—Rise & Shine is a furiously paced supercut of high-stakes, perfectly executed skating. Huston conquers legendary spots with tricks the locations have never seen—crooked grinds on 18-step rails, hard flips over ten foot drops—impeccably finished with butter-smooth landings. Increasingly, though, his documentary talents are now concentrated into weekly Instagram posts. The typical timeline for producing a skate film is six months, while Instagram allows Huston to provide almost daily updates on his progress and achievements, both as a skater and as a person. “I love shooting for Instagram. Everyday I try to get out there and skate with homies, get a fun shot, keep it interesting. It lets me try different tricks and styles out,” he says.  DIESEL shirt, AMIRI jeans, NIKE shoes, CHROME HEARTS necklace, bracelets, and rings, and talents own necklace and bracelet. Huston still likes the film format, though “it’s hard to out do yourself after the last one we did.” That would be his newest video produced with Nike, ‘Til Death. The title ends up being almosttoo accurate—along with jaw-dropping footage of Huston pushing his talent to the absolute limit, there are a series of harrowing spills, pools of blood, falls that look like they could put him out of the game forever. But he always gets up, heading back to the top of the stairs to land the trick.  Huston represents a new generation of skaters, inspired heavily by contemporary hip-hop culture, who provide their fans with almost endless content and a window into their world through social media. Huston tries to use his platform to encourage young skaters: “I feel for a lot of kids. So many of them love skateboarding, but they get hurt, or go for something too gnarly early on, and get over it because they got hurt too much. It really gets to me when I hear those stories. I always tell kids, just take it easy, take it slow. So many bad slams I see are from kids who weren’t ready to do it.”  BASSIKE tank top, DIOR HOMME trousers, NIKE shoes, CHROME HEARTS necklace, bracelets, and rings, and talents own necklace and bracelet. Huston makes it all look easy, but he confesses that behind the scenes, the life of a skater isn’t all fun and games: “My day to day is either workout or go to therapy. I’ve had a knee injury for six years.” If you’ve watched his videos, you know that he won’t let it slow him down. So, what’s next for Huston? Only the biggest prize of them all—Gold at the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, which will mark skateboarding’s debut as an Olympic event. “10-20 years ago, people had the attitude, like, “Why are you riding a skateboard? Shouldn’t you be going to college or something?’” Huston says. “But now that it has become a possible career—you can make a really good living off of it. And especially with it being in the Olympics, it will only get bigger.”  OFF-WHITE C/O VIRGIL ABLOH coat, jacket and pants, and CHROME HEARTS rings. Written by Sebastian Moraga  Photographed by Nick Green Styled by David Bonney Flaunt film directed by Scott Smith Grooming: Randi Peterson Styling Assistant: Jessica Meister    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   As the mighty Leo is about to faze out let us not forget how glorious a Leo's accessories are. Because when a leo bling's they Bling with a capital B. These creatures have a regal presence that is specifically why gold is always been a best friend of theirs. A penchant for showing off also inhabits the royal Leo, hence a glorious bounty of golden accessories.   Rolex Day-Date 40 mm, Yellow Gold and Diamonds Must De CARTIER Gold and Steel Pen CHROME HEARTS 22k Yellow Gold ID Diamond Bracelet CHROME HEARTS 22k Yellow Gold Diamond Dagger and Charms, and Chain GABRIELA ARTIGAS Mini Eternal Necklace Photography by Jim Turner @JimJTurner   Art Direction by Aitor Saumell @AitorSaumell Written by BJ Panda Bear @BJPandaBear Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    FIORUCCI jacket.  VANNA YOUNGSTEIN t-shirt, AGOLDE jeans, and talent’s own ring. FIORUCCI jacket, VERA MEAT t-shirt, AGOLDE jeans, and talent’s own boots. Hannah alper gave her first TED Talk at age ten. if you search online for the video, “How to Find Your Spark,” you’ll see a diminutive Alper, blazer-clad, precociously confident. Her simple black t-shirt is emblazoned with Gandhi’s famous mantra: “Be the change.” Ten-year-old Alper hits all the right notes. But there is something slightly saccharine about the oration, more in the vein of Annie singing “Tomorrow” on Broadway than MLK’s speech booming out over the Washington Mall. I had to wonder how many of these words were her own, more the work of a well-versed actor rather than a bonafide youth activist. But any skepticism I might have been harboring evaporated as soon as I meet the now 15-year-old Alper. This girl is the real deal. She is a TED Talk personified.  Alper began her work as an activist at just nine years old. She explains, “I started a blog, but I had absolutely no idea what I wanted it to be about. My parents told me, ‘Hannah, you can’t write about your life, and you can’t write about how much you love Justin Bieber.’ I loved animals, and I still do. Seeing and learning about the issues animals face, it really devastated me, but I turned that devastation into motivation to do something.”  That blog (callmehannah.ca) has led to gigs ranging from a position as the official eco-blogger of the JUNO Awards to motivational speaking arrangements with organizations like the World Wildlife Fund and WE Charity, as well as a spot as the only teenager on Bloomberg’s “Ones to Watch” 2018 List. The issues Alper lends her support to are as wide- ranging as they are crucial—from championing clean water access to advocating for honey bees to fighting bullying. But in a sense, her primary cause is activism itself—empowering young people to take a stand, and inspiring others to take action.  MARKOO dress, VERA MEAT t-shirt, and CONVERSE shoes. Being as young as she is, Alper meets a fair bit of skepticism from people who doubt her abilities. But she wastes no time on those who would seek to trivialize her work because of her age. “I remember when I was younger, people used to be like, “Oh! You’re so cute, making a difference!” she recalls. “Yeah, it’s ‘cute,’ but it’s also something that needs to be done. Who else is going to do it if not me and my generation?”  Alper’s new book, Momentus: Small Acts, Big Change encourages young people to be civically active. “You have the power and capacity to change the world,” she says, when I ask her about the message. “No matter how young you are, how old you are, how much money you have, where you live, how popular you are, how cool you are—you can and you should try to make a difference. Anyone can do it. It’s the little things that add up to create big change, and we can all do it together.” For Alper, Momentus is essentially a “how-to” book for changing the world.  Undoubtedly, one of Alper’s own gifts in advancing her cause has been communication. Alper is an activist for the social media age. “I believe that social media is the most powerful tool that you can use to make a difference. With the touch of a button you have the opportunity to spread your message and your passions,” she tells me. “We live in such an amazing time and in an amazing world where we have this opportunity and this tool and there are so many people that are using it for good. We can share our voice and amplify it to people. We can find our community on social media and find those like-minded peers that are also changing the world.”  FIORUCCI jacket. Alper’s optimism is infectious, and her message of empowerment and action has reached young people across the world, spreading from her native Canada to Kenya, Los Angeles, and, later this year, Hawaii. A lauded “eco-warrior,” Alper is partnering with National Geographic for an upcoming community service trip focusing on sustainability and conservation on the Big Island. “I really feel like I’m going to come back with tangible solutions that I can talk about to other people, and hopefully implement somewhere in my community and my country and in the world.” Most of us would have been content to sip mai-tais.  I end the interview with the standard “what’s up next?” question. In true Alperian fashion, the young activist rolls on at a breathless pace: “I’m just going to keep doing what I’m doing, and see where that path takes me. I’m going to keep learning, and keep writing, and keep speaking, and keep educating people.” Maybe one of those people will turn out to be the next Alper. A legacy at 15—not too shabby.  Written by Kathleen Juarez Photographed by Jacqueline Ashton Styled by Joelle Litt Hair & Makeup: Maira Candela Styling Assistant: Amy Mackenzie Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Eyela. 20th anniversary retrospective collection.  Mo. 20th anniversary retrospective collection.  Maki. 20th anniversary retrospective collection.  Morgie. 20th anniversary retrospective collection.  Ciggy. 20th anniversary retrospective collection.  Blair. 20th anniversary retrospective collection.  Left: Animal. Right: Maddie. 20th anniversary retrospective collection.  Left: Honey. Right: Caterina. 20th anniversary retrospective collection.  Frenchie. 20th anniversary retrospective collection.  Frenchie. 20th anniversary retrospective collection.  Sunny ‘Do Not Disturb.’ Core collection.  Core collection.  Carlotta ‘Rebel.’ Core collection. Eugenia Kim, wearing the Anna 'Haircut' Hat. Chapeau prodigy, Eugenia Kim, is celebrating her 20th anniversary with an exclusive Barneys retrospective collection. While she has shared her success with Barneys over the past two decades, much of her achievement derives from the innovation and bold thinking of her former 22-year-old self, who unintentionally built an accessories empire. Kim’s approach to luxury is originative, marrying clean lines and classic shapes with bold, edgy, yet feminine styles. Unique trims, vivid colors, and superior fabrics are the defining aspects that set Kim’s accessories apart from other’s in the industry.  From career path to creative process’, we sat down with Eugenia, to discuss past and present designs, reflecting her 20 years in business: When did you recognize your passion for millinery? When I was younger, I always loved wearing hats. I grew up in the most conservative environment and went to Dartmouth College, also ultra-conservative. I remember finding this aqua bobbled, metal, flapper hat and I wore it with a Patagonia sweater in a frat basement, and I wondered why everyone was staring at me. Hats were always my outlet for style.   How did you decide to lead a new path, having graduated from Dartmouth College in Psychology? I decided I wanted to be a journalist, so I worked at Conde Nast, and they offered free classes in anything related to what you do, so I took a millinery class. I was at Conde Nast for a year, but I wasn’t that great at being an administrative assistant and basically got fired. I had an intervention with Linda Wells, who now laughs at the fact that this happened because I wore lingerie to work. You know, the 90’s slip dress moment. I was like “first of all this is Dolce and Gabbana. Second of all, we just wrote about slip dresses!” Which was very 22-year-old me. So yeah, I got fired.  I continued to make hats after the millinery class. I decided to cut my hair one night, and it was so bad I had to shave my head. It was the middle of December, and I looked like the Dalai Lama. So I decided to make “Haircut” hats out of felt in many different styles. One day I was shopping around in Soho, and two different store owners approached me about my hat, which used to happen in the 90’s. By the end of that day, I had appointments with the two stores. After that, one of them started carrying my hats, and that’s how it began really.  Tokyo 'Haircut' Hat How did the creation of your company begin? After that one store bought my hats, I just kind of went with it. A lot of my friends were working in the magazine industry, so I was instantly getting a lot of press because I knew everyone. It snowballed from there, and it was very organic. I was thinking “let’s see how far this goes” and I can do something else next year, but it kept going, and here we are 20 years later.  Your designs approach luxury from a bold, edgy, yet feminine viewpoint. How has the marriage of these ideas propelled the vision of your brand? It’s a very personal thing for me. I think I’m a bold woman and I’ve always had an edge to myself. I’m a downtown girl! It embodies my personality, but in a universal way that a lot of women can relate to. There’s something that a lot of women can relate to in that my canvas is always very clean looking; I’m not a maximalist. The ‘Haircut' hats have become a staple style of yours over the years. How has it become an iconic part of your company? It’s one of the first styles I ever made, and it’s so unique. I think I saw Hussein Chalayan made a version of it on his runway a few years later, who’s a fantastic artist, and I was like “oh cool, he’s knocking ME off!”  I started designing a lot of haircut pieces for window dressers all over the city with Humberto Leon. We used to do a lot of projects together, and he was always ordering haircut hats for all these different store windows. Years later, he thought we should do a little retrospective collection with the haircut hats, so we designed all these different styles for Opening Ceremony.  A little later, my strangest customer, Bill Murray, got the Elvis hat and the Ron hat, that had crazy 70s sideburns.  Kiki 'Haircut' Hat I also come from a family of Oncologists, and it's something that women undergoing chemotherapy can relate to. Instead of covering your hair with a wig, it's a way to be bold and different.  What decades inspire your designs the most? I was a child of the 80s, so I always have that inflection. Even if I’m doing a 60s or 70s type of season I still have a bit of the 80s in it. In my early years, I was inspired by the 20s; Zelda and Scott Fitzgerald, Gatsby, the flappers and their bobs, hip flasks, tucked in stockings, and the freedom of shorter dresses. I was mesmerized by the mood of that.  Describe your creative process.  It’s very organic. We usually start with seasonal inspiration, like this upcoming spring it’s David Hockney, and then we start working on a color palette based off of that. I’m very materials inspired, so I look for elements that relate to our inspiration, but sometimes I veer off a little because it's nice not to have everything be so strict and literal when referencing inspiration. We have an in-house atelier, who hand-makes our hats. So I conceptualize an idea, and then they make it, and we make changes from there. Some designers are very “this, this, and this” and I’m more “let's get from point A to point B, which will lead us to point C,” it’s a very circuitous route.   Of all your products, which design do you wear the most? I literally and figuratively wear a lot of hats. One week I love one thing, and the next week it’s something else. Right now, I’m having a moment of this Visor that looks like a boater hat. But, I think it depends on the season. It’s like having a lot of children. I have like 500 children in this showroom. Which product or collection has been the most rewarding experience? My next bag collection coming out in Spring 2019 because it’s been such a labor of love. It’s very colorful, and entirely invokes Eugenia Kim, I’m really proud of it. Figuring out all the constructions, and getting everything right, has been so rewarding. Also, the retrospective [20th Anniversary] collection because I have a lot of memories I forgot. Going through my old polaroids, it was like going through a family album, but my family being hats. Since the inception of your brand, you have added shoes, men's, kids, handbags, scarves, and most recently, a customization program to your list of categories. How do you hope to expand and grow in the years to come? I feel that I have a particular aesthetic that people are attracted to, so I want to expand as much as I can into other categories within accessories.  Eugenia Kim Core Collection Your relationship with Barneys New York first began at the creation of your brand. How has this relationship developed and prospered over the years? I was not very business savvy when I first started. The first store that I sold to, Barneys saw the hats in the window, and they made an appointment. I was naive then because they said they liked the collection and alluded to the fact that they might order. The New York Times wrote a piece about me in the Style section, and they asked, “Where will it be available to buy?” to which I replied “Barneys New York,” but I didn’t even have an order yet, I was just that dumb. Once the article came out, the Barneys buyer saw it and freaked out; they needed the hats ASAP. I didn’t get them in ASAP because I was making them all by hand; It took me the whole summer to make 20 hats.  I love Barneys because personally, it’s like my Tiffanys. I love going there because of the way they cultivate their designers in a certain way. The buyer that was my buyer 20 years ago is now the DMM [Divisional Merchandising Manager]. She came to my retrospective and hugged me, we’ve come such a long way. It’s cool because it’s been 20 years for me with this business, but also 20 years with Barneys.  If you had to name this collection, what would it be and why? I would call it “Iconic.” I went through hundreds and hundreds of archives of mine that I’ve designed over the past two decades, and I choose styles that I thought make my brand what it is today.  Left: Mamba Hat, Right: Mo Hat With styles inspired by cigarettes, mohawks, jewels, funky feathers and hair, this collection proves to be one of your most innovative. How does this collection embody your work from archive collections to modern-day? It’s homage to my past collections, almost a “greatest hits” album. So I don’t know If it’s my most innovative because It’s a collection of all my most innovative hats from throughout the years. Now, people know me more for my commercial things, but my uncommercial hats are what put me on the map for my first 5-10 years.  Ciggy Hat Let’s talk about the ‘Ciggy’ hat. How did inspiration for this come about? I was nominated for the CFDA award in 2004, and I didn’t know what hat to wear. I found a dress from this little shop in the lower east side, but it was also an item that was sold at Bergdorf Goodman. It was a pink princess dress; I just needed to come up with a hat to wear. Most everyone at CFDA is very “uptown,” and I’m very much a “downtown” girl, so I was thinking, If I win, I want a kind of “downtown crown.” At the time, we were selling snakeskin cigarettes as pins and such, so I took all the ones that were rejected for production, and I threw them in an ashtray. Swarovski was sponsoring the award, so I asked them if they could send me crystals that look like ash, and that’s how it came to inception.  Maddie Hat Which hat has become your favorite from this collection? I have so many! My first hat, the Maddie, was inspired by a Matisse painting, The Goldfish, so it’s one of my fondest. Also something like the Animal hat, which is just fun in a bucket. Then there’s the Yellow Plume hat; it’s a yellow thorn face cage that was made of 29 different yellow feathers. That was a labor of love because it took so long to make and Ben Stiller wore that one in Zoolander. One of my all-time favorites is the Toast hat. I made it right before going to Paris. While I was there, people were calling me the “Toast of Paris,” and then I went to LA and I was the “Toast of LA,” and then I lost it in the back of a car, but luckily I’m a hat designer and could make more. For this collection, I love every hat for different reasons and occasions.  Brett 'Toast' Hat The 20th anniversary retrospective collection with be available at Barneys New York on August 20th.  To see more about Eugenia Kim, click here. Interview conducted and written by: Morgan Vickery Photographed by: Adair Smith Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    VERSUS VERSACE top, pants, and scarf.  TANK AIR STUDIO jacket and LACOSTE jeans.  MISBHV top.  MISBHV top, HELMUT LANG shirt, and ADAM SELMAN boots.  ADAM SELMAN coat, TIBI shoes, VERSUS VERSACE hat, and stylist’s own gloves.  ADAM SELMAN dress,  MISBHV shoes and DARNER socks.  ALGEHRRI coin necklace and talent’s own cross necklace. Ecuador-born and Minnesota-raised songstress Kablito is here to enchant you with her new EP Telenovela. The release of her first tracks signify the beginning of a promising career for the emerging young artist. With the combined influences of her origins, US pop-culture, and past heartbreaks, her artistic stylings bring all the drama, camp, and romance we'd expect from anything under the moniker Telenovela.  Flaunt sat down with Kablito for a short Q&A on her journey to becoming a singer-songwriter.     FLAUNT: You are from Ecuador and moved to Minnesota. Can you describe that transition? What inspiration did you take from such different places? KABLITO: The transition was difficult for me mainly because I didn’t speak any English and the change of climate shocked my body– I went from South American warm 70 degree weather to -20 degree Midwest winters. Of course, one of the hardest things was leaving my family and friends. As a young 9th grader, it was pretty lonely at first: I didn’t know anyone else and the language barrier made that worse. But, despite this, I was really excited because I finally lived in the US. Ever since I was little, I had an obsession with American pop culture and would spend hours and hours watching MTV & Disney Channel. I would sing along to Britney Spears, Christina Aguilera, NSYNC, Avril Lavigne, No Doubt, Destiny’s Child, Michael Jackson, JLO, Spice Girls… basically anything 90s pop! Before moving to Minneapolis, I spent a little bit of time in the Bronx. I actually have this distinct memory of getting my nails done with my mom, going shopping, and driving through the Bronx blasting “I’m Real” and just feeling so cool. I was a religious girl back home so I remember thinking being American is so cool because you can be bad. That duality of good/bad, American/immigrant has deeply influenced me and and my music. I also remember getting really homesick at times: to alleviate this I would listen to all these Spanish artists I grew up with on my MP3 player: Selena, Fey, Shakira, Natalia Lafourcade, Luis Miguel, Salserin, Servando y Florentino, all the classics. These artists that reminded me of home, as well as artists that I heard on the local Minneapolis R&B station KMOJ, still continue to inspire and inform my music – in some ways, being away from home had me seek a deeper connection with this music. Do you remember the first song you wrote? Was there a defining moment when you realized you wanted to pursue music? K: Like a lot of good songs, my first real song was written after a bad breakup. I think it was sometime during my first year of college. There was no real “defining moment” for me: I was always the type of kid that was writing songs in my head and wanted to be a singer like Selena. I would dress up and put on shows for my parents but it wasn’t until college that I decided to learn more about music and go to school for music composition. Who are your biggest influences musically or otherwise? What do you draw inspiration from that might surprise people? K: My influences are pretty fluid but right now I am very inspired by Rosalia. She’s a Spanish flamenco singer with an incredible voice making pop flamenco R&B music. She blends those styles so well, both musically and visually, through her videos– she’s truly amazing. Right now I love going through Will Smith’s IG. He is low-key a motivational speaker and I’ve been a fan since Fresh Prince but recently I’m really into him. I’m generally inspired by people who don’t compromise their art for anything and do their thing regardless of their age, social status, or any circumstances that might make it harder to succeed. I love a hustler, a hard working person that chases their dreams. How has your music evolved over the past few years? What stylistic changes have you made and why? K: About five years ago, I was playing guitar making psychedelic pop rock music in a Minneapolis band then after that I moved to NYC and started making music on my own in a little studio space. I taught myself Ableton and would sit in my little studio cave for hours on end making whatever felt right at the time. That’s when I started playing around with my voice and just went full on electronic pop. I recently listened to some of those first demos I made back then and what I’m making now and it’s like night and day, two completely different worlds. I would say my new EP reflects my early Latin influences combined with the R&B Minneapolis sound I adopted. How do you combine your South American heritage with the 80’s R&B pop production in your album? K: This process of combining those genres felt very organic and not formulated. My producer on the album, Jesse Schuster, and I are both fans of 80’s R&B music so we drew inspiration from that naturally. The biggest decision for me was to fully submerge myself into my roots; to finally become the Latin artist I’ve always wanted to be by fully singing in Spanish. Your EP Telenova is your first piece of work written entirely in Spanish. How did this theme develop? What do you hope listeners take from this album? K: I wrote a song Telenovela back in NYC. The song was about a love relationship that was so dramatic and turbulent that it actually felt like a Telenovela! Around that same time, Netflix was airing some of my favorite novelas that I grew up with I went down a  binging spiral and even re-watched some stuff on YouTube that had awful 288p quality, but it didn't matter 'cause I was hooked all over again. Then when I started writing for this EP, I realized that I could take that idea and make it the theme for the whole ep. All the songs on the EP are love songs: something I know everyone can relate to and be like- “yah I’ve been there!” This EP is also for people that grew up like me, immigrants who grew up with those Telenovelas and are nostalgic about their early teenage years. Many songs on your EP address challenges in relationships and romance such as “Puto Colchón,” and “Algo a Cambiado.” Are you drawing these ideas from personal experiences? K: The ideas started with the Telenovela theme but I also draw from personal experiences as well as family and friend’s stories. The themes for all songs are themes that are experienced by most people in love relationships such as cheating, lying, infatuation, and falling in and out love. I always kept those themes in mind while writing the tracks but some of the songs are definitely more intimate to me then others. Puto Colchón is one of those songs that gets me every time I perform it because I can relate it to pretty much every long-term relationship I’ve been in. The song is about getting to a point in a relationship where the magic dies down and you are no longer satisfied and are left always wanting more so you ask yourself, do we keep trying this or is this it? This can be a bit sad, however – I am a strong believer that love can persist if you are dedicated and work at it. What's next for Kablito? Both in the macro and micro sense of 'next'? Right now, I’m writing and experimenting with lots of different producers, it’s a very exciting time because my sound keeps on evolving and growing. I recently started working with Ramona from Nite Jewel and it’s been revelatory to finally make music with a Latin female producer. She is really talented and her skills are helping me create music that highlights my vocals and lyrics: it feels very honest and special to strip back a bit to my voice. Another producer I’m excited to keep working with is Milkman: he’s a Mexican producer who is insanely talented at pop production but also at writing the catchiest melodies! Last but not least, I have made a couple of singles with producer Taylor Dexter who I love working with, he’s a skilled musician/producer that makes fire beats! Some of these songs should be coming out sometime before the end of the year. Click here to listen to Telenovela Interview by: Collin Schreiber @collinpschreiber Talent: Kablito @Kablito Photographer: Kaleb Marshall @kalebmarshall Stylist and Producer: Britton Litow @wanna__b Hair: Chanel Croker at DNS Vision @dnsvision Makeup: Tami Shirey at Atelier Managemeny @tksmakeup Photo Assistant: Steven Hickey @stevenhickey Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   SALVATORE FERRAGAMO shirt, sweater, trouser JOHN HARDY eagle head bracelet SANTONI shoes. EDWIN jacket & jeans DIOR HOMME shoes HIS OWN chain JOHN HARDY silver rings and eagle hard bracelet. Twenty years ago, a six-year-old Charlie Puth was listening to the Spice Girls hit “Spice Up Your Life” while watching a group of girls from school dance to the anthem in their family living room. “They asked if I’d like to join, and that’s the first time that I knew I wasn’t a dancer. But then I just became enamored with the popularity of the Spice Girls, and I wondered, ‘How could I ever be as popular as them?’” The last decade has likely satiated Puth’s curiosity, with three Grammy nominations for his 2015 mega-hit “See You Again,” close to 5 billion views on YouTube, and prime real estate on global hit charts.  Among a handful of next-generation musicians pumping fresh blood into pop music, Puth is confident, attentive, and candid as we chat at a Brooklyn studio overlooking the Manhattan skyline. His journey to international prominence began just over the Hudson River in New Jersey, the same fertile musical soil that brought us the likes of Bruce Springsteen, Whitney Houston, and the Jonas Brothers. Growing up, Puth’s mother, a music teacher, noticed her son had the rare gift of perfect pitch, meaning he could name or sing a note without reference tones. “B flat minor!” he chimes, playfully offering proof after listening for a moment to the background music in the studio. “I don’t know what song it is, but I can see the notes happening in my head.” Having perfect pitch is a nuisance at times—“I could hear the fire drill in the shower this morning: F sharp,” he laughs. It affects his social life as well: “I get really bad socially because when people mention songs, I start to hear the song in my head.” But for a musician who produced his last album himself, an exceptionally refined ear is more gift than curse.  OVADIA & SONS pants TOPMAN tank top HIS OWN rose gold chain JOHN HARDY silver rings and eagle head bracelet silver chain with wing TOPMAN socks OVADIA & SONS shoes. After his commercially successful yet critically divisive first album, Nine Track Mind, the 26-year-old decided to take total control over his second release, Voicenotes, handling lyrics and productionof the complete track list. The album title encapsulates the way compulsive inspiration is captured in the digital age, with an iPhone ready for spur-of-the-moment “voicenote” recordings. For Puth, this means waking up at 2 a.m. to make the kick drum in “How Long” a bit more “punchy.”  The midnight calls seem to be paying off, with fans and critics alike lauding Puth’s honed sound and new direction. Still, he’s his own toughest critic. “I think I suck. I really do. When people say to me that they love my music, and that it’s the best thing they ever heard and they’re so in love with it, I don’t understand it because I find every problem, every issue with every piece of music that I put together,” he confesses. “So I learned to just smile and say, ‘Thank you so much.’ But, I really don’t understand it. I’m a bit of a tortured soul in that way. Nothing that I do will ever be good enough for me.”   ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA sweater and leather trouser OVADIA & SONS shoes JOHN HARDY silver rings and eagle bracelet. Here’s a glimpse of the other side of the irresistible hooks and sleek, danceable production—a sensitive, introspective soul that often mixes heartbreak and a bit of pain into the pop. This aspect of Puth mostly comes through in the lyrics, which thread mournful revelations on unsettled love, regret, and desire alongside the lighthearted sexy fun of a sing-along-in-the-club banger. “I’ll always find a reason to be bummed out about something, but I can create the image of myself that I want to be in my music. If I’m really in a bad mood, I can make a happy song. Performing it will trick my brain. It’s all about writing records and making them sound a certain way. Its just tricking my brain to making me feel an emotion that I want to feel.”  Take for example, album-closer “Through it All,” which finds Puth reminiscing on the troubles that come with an ascent like his: You could say I’ve lived a crazy life for a man so young / The kind that made me question my faith / Now I’m looking back just wondering where the time has gone / But I guess it’s just the price you pay... Or the wistful memory of simpler times and the wince of regret on “L.A. Girls”: Boy, I miss the days we’d take a Greyhound in NYC / Wish I could’ve seen that it was perfect how it was / Listen, I don’t want this to be the way you remember me / ‘Cause I know I was wrong, wrong...  EDWIN jacket & jeans DIOR HOMME shoes HIS OWN chain JOHN HARDY silver rings and eagle hard bracelet. This fluid intertwining of meaning and confession with perfectly crafted pop is what Puth calls “hitting two birds with one stone.” “It’s about suggesting an emotion without really saying it,” he explains—like taking a smiling selfie at the club when you’re heartbroken, pretending you’re having the time of your life when you’re really hoping that one person out there will see it and think of you. “These songs are supposed to outline that juxtaposition with a sad lyric, like in “How Long,” which has the danciest, most up- tempo beat on radio right now.” From teenage covers on YouTube to an online singing competition that captured Ellen DeGeneres’s interest, the internet has been a launch pad for Puth and for many of his peers. It’s also a source of inspiration. His music speaks to young people today in part because he acknowledges the messy digital territory where romance increasingly takes place. The malleability of his lyrics captures that state where smiley emojis, food photos, and selfies have layered, shifting meanings—where interest or affection or jealousy can be disguised in a like or a #TBT, and an unanswered text can portend heartbreak.  BALENCIAGA top and trousers and JOHN HARDY silver rings and eagle head bracelet. On the brink of his biggest North American tour to date, Puth’s career has surpassed his wildest expectations. He couldn’t have guessed, as he imagined, what it might be like to be one of the Spice Girls, or while a jazz major at the Manhattan School of Music, that one day he’d be playing to adoring crowds at Radio City Music Hall and the Greek Theatre. It’s something he thinks about a lot. “I’m a nostalgic person. I’ve walked past my beach club three times yesterday in New Jersey where I used to go on the swing set and listen to Kelly Clarkson and just dream about making records that sounded as big as that. It all comes back to me.” Any advice for those who wish for the same success? “Young artists ask me that all the time. I’m like, ‘Bro, I don’t know. Just be yourself. You already have the advantage ‘cause you’re yourself and there’s no one like you.’ Don’t pretend to be like other people. I’m not going to write about a topic that I’m not going through at the time, because people are smart. They’re going to catch the bullshit.”  OVADIA & SONS suit TOPMAN tank top HIS OWN rose gold chain JOHN HARDY silver rings and eagle head bracelet silver chain with wing TOPMAN socks OVADIA & SONS shoes. If Bieber might come off as a swagged-out egotist, Ed Sheeran a John Doe, and Shawn Mendes a Ken Doll, Puth is none of the above. Earnestly imperfect, constantly questioning, vulnerable and honest, he’s a refreshing tonic to the alpha stylings so often seen in contemporary pop and hip-hop. But what’s his next move? Though he says he “goes with the wind,” he admits wondering about the direction music is heading and how he will fit. But for now, he’s content where he is. “I’m glad I can reach new fans with this new music. This is the music that I really wanted to put out for a long time,” he tells me. “It’s not cheap, or too cheeky or immature sounding. This is truly made for me.” All I can say, even though we’ve known each other for less than an hour, is that Puth needn’t sweat the future. On my way back home, a little buzzed on the M train, I put on “How Long” and let the lyrics chime: Was it real or just for show? A seemingly simple song that speaks to all of it—love in the Instagram age, masked pain, keeping it real in an era of inauthenticity. He’s already one step ahead.  FRAME DENIM shirt, jeans BOTTEGA VENETA jacket and JOHN HARDY silver rings and eagle hard bracelet. FRAME DENIM shirt, jeans BOTTEGA VENETA jacket and JOHN HARDY silver rings and eagle hard bracelet. ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA COUTURE pants and OVADIA & SONS shoes. Written by Osman Can Yerebakan Photographed Max Montgomery Styled by Joseph Episcopo Flaunt film by XIXIKIWII Groomer: Jayson Stacey Stylist Assistant: Kyle Hayes The Next Issue: 20th Anniversary Volume Two Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Presenting the second installment of our series 'Crystal Compositions' presented by Baccarat. As part of our 20th anniversary celebrations, we selected a handful of musicians create a custom composition to the atmospheric sounds of the finest French crystal mixology.  Kick back by the pool and enjoy these beats spun by actor and musician Chord Overstreet . Break the convention of your typical Old-Fashioned with our Mezcali version.  As always surround sound headphones highly recommended.    MezCali Old-Fashioned  2 oz. mezcal 3 sugar cubes 2 dashes of bitters 1 orange peel garnish   Served only in Everyday Baccarat tumblers Available here.   Written by BJ Panda Bear Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017     Meet Maya Reik. The 20-year-old designer taking over the fashion world by storm. After dropping out of college to pursue a career in fashion, Reik launched her clothing line MAREI 1998. Catching the eye of Vogue and Vogue Italia, Maya Reik has got the beauty and the brain. With this exclusive Flaunt interview, Reik told us more about her fashion inspirations, her latest obsessions, and the what goes behind in making her one of a kind pieces.    Where are you from originally? I was born in Israel, year 1998.   What's on your mood board currently? My current inspiration are the glory days of old Hollywood, past eras of Hollywood style and glamour. I’m always travelling for work and so inspiration comes to me all the time, I love to absorb myself in my surroundings: Art, old buildings, nature and culture are all things that I draw from when designing collections One of my favorite moments in my design process is seeing how all of the eclectic elements of inspiration come together and how they appear on my mood-board in harmony. I’ve also started learning to paint recently, using a lot of yellows and golds tones that I know will eventually manifest in my next season collection.   What is your design process like?   The design process is dynamic, almost intuitive and looks different from time to time. It can start with collecting all the elements of inspiration and putting them all together on a board, in a way that’s cohesive to me and tells a story. Another approach for me, is when I find a piece of beautiful fabric that touches my heart – without doing anything to it, the material itself is able to ‘hold’ / represent our MAREI story and inspire the design process. In general, I’m a dreamy type of person, I have a lot of ideas that by the time we’re starting any process of creation I cannot wait to bring all my ideas to life.   Define the MAREI 1998 woman.  The Marei woman is independent, she’s alluring with a cosmopolite point of view. She’s stands out in a crowd because she’s bold and confident but in a genuine effortless way. She knows how to enjoy life, (doesn't take life too seriously), and always brings her personality to impact her outfit.   What did you study before getting into fashion?   I left high school and moved directly into fashion. I felt that I was not fulfilling myself in the traditional system of education. I wanted to study and develop myself into something I felt passionate about and turn it into my real life profession. Looking back, it wasn’t an easy decision. The process of leaving school felt like jumping into deep water with the only option of swimming fast and learning how to swim during the process. I’m proud that I made that decision, and I’ve never once looked back with regret.   Is there a singular figure living or dead that you would like to design for? Natalie Portman. She is the ultimate Marei woman for me, she embodies the spirit of the Marei woman, I would love to see her wear my designs.   You have a lovely way with silhouettes and masterful eye with draping in a classic cinematic way. What films or cultural movements have inspired your designs? Every collection has its own mood and story that is always aligned with the brand’s eternal values of the 20’s and old Hollywood glory. For my latest collection, my muses were Tallulah Bankhead and Louise Brooks, both of which offer a glamorous sense of self but with a strong and independent approach. Specifically, for the Resort 19 collection, I drew inspiration from Art Nouveau aesthetics and taking these elements and translating them through delicate fabrics   Do you have a favorite piece in your collections ever? If so, what is it?   I can't choose between my collections, but I can say I'm in love with our unique luxe Eco fur pieces –you feel amazing when you wear them, and the shapes are  bold and fun. They reflect my personal belief in style, and they’re the perfect carry-on piece of Marei to own in your closet.   What do you love most about the fashion industry and what do you like the least? And what do you possibly hope to change?   I love to see the changing world and the positive global processes and how they impact the fashion industry: I think the true magic of this creative work is to reimagine a negative process, transforming it into something with positive impact on people and the environment. I'm always excited to look at my colleagues and their own interpretation for the future. The main challenge for me is on the one hand to keep up with today's fast evolving times, and on the other hand to completely disconnect myself from anything that is happening now in order to clear my creation thought process.   Do you believe in astrology? If so, what do you think your sign says about you?  I do believe in that! I'm a Cancer. Part of my sign character is high sensitivity, shyness, a person that is well connected to his home and family – I'm can really relate to this, it’s a pretty accurate description of me.   Who are some of your design and art heroes?   I'm inspired by so many artists from different decades in the history of art. My favorite at the moment is the Scottish artist Charles Mackintosh, he’s well known for his enduring flowers sketches.    Current book you're reading?  At the moment, I’m reading a book about Buddhist beliefs and philosophies – Meditation and being Present are at the core, ‘The Power of Now’ by Eckhart Tolle. Usually I read when I’m flying somewhere. (This when I have the time to think and process).   Last great art show you saw?  I love to discover new young artists and view their fresh interpretation and perspective. The  last show I saw was of a young Japanese artist that combines water paint and ceramics.     Favorite television series currently? To binge-watch? To be inspired by?  The Handmaid's Tale is the last T.V. series that I’ve seen. I watched it with my boyfriend and I must say that I was not inspired by the premise of the series, but I can say it definitely left me with a lot to think about.. it left a lasting impression with me. https://www.marei1998.com/ Written By: Abby Siegel  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                                              Last night Flaunt celebrated Spanish designer Adriana Iglesias's SS2019 preview along with the launch of Flaunt's behemoth The Next Issue: 20th Century Volume 2, fresh off the presses. The views of the city were impeccable from the Simons House, a mid-century Beverly Hills stunner, as were the notably colorful guests, sightly as all get-out, dressed to the nines in Iglesias's luxurious Mediterranean-by-way-of-Parisian-boho-chic designs. After copping a tasty cocktail courtesy of Dobel, a glass of vino via Scribe Winery, or a crisp can of House Beer, the crowd danced and swayed to the musical stylings of DJ's Yaya Mix and Vivien James. The Wolf-curated menu by Marcel Vigneron (short rib skewers and shrimp risotto!) didn't linger long on the trays. By the end of the night, with much encouragement from the drinks, the music, and temperatures reminiscent of an Ibiza summer night, the pool naturally became the final destination. Written by BJ Panda Bear Photography by Sean Behr and Jake Harrison  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                 Amalie Gassmann is more than just a fashion influencer, stylist, and genetically blessed model of French, Japanese, and German descent. The IMG model is also a senior studying in upstate New York as a film major. Her combined passions for film and fashion create the ultimate weapon of visually appealing content. While she was born in San Francisco and raised in Paris, Amalie has called Tivoli, NY home over the course of her academic career. From a young age, she has traveled quite frequently, photographed all over the map for fashion week in NYC, Paris, Los Angeles, and so on. Juggling jet lag, film studies, and unique styling, Amalie keeps her cool in an effortlessly chic manner. One day in couture, and the next in menswear sweats, Gassmann continuously documents her diversified style. We took a trip upstate, visiting Gassmann’s apartment to get a behind-the-scenes look at her wardrobe and talk all things, à la mode: What are your favorite brands/ designers at the moment? Alyx, Etudes, Marine Serre, Rokh, Warren Lotas, I am Gia the Label, Y/Project, Off-White, Saint Luis for vintage pieces, Kim Jones for Dior and Raf Simons.  From your archive of fashion moments, what is one of your most memorable looks? My favorite fashion moments have been my Dior look for their Dior Ball in Paris and my recent outfit I wore to the Off-White Men’s show.  Left: Dior Ball, Right: Off-White Men's Show [Credit: cgstreetstyle] If you could time travel to any period in history for the fashion movement, what would it be and why? I would choose the 60s fashion. There were the most elegant and effortless fashion icons like Audrey Hepburn, Jackie Kennedy, Brigitte Bardot, Jane Birkin and also my favorite for her quirky style Edie Sedgwick.  Tell us about your favorite item of clothing.  My favorite must be my Kaws bomber jacket in collaboration with Mira Mikati; I don’t wear it too often because of how colorful it is but a great statement piece if I am wearing all black. I also adore my Y/Project piece with embroidered red roses; It’s great to wear over long dresses or if I want to make a look more casual and laid back. I also recently bought the Gucci chunky sneakers in black, and they are now a must for me.  You travel quite frequently. How does this influence your outlook on the fashion industry? I travel a lot to Paris for Men’s and Women’s fashion week. When I am there my looks are more calculated and put together; I love discovering new designers and wearing their pieces. Being there for fashion week pushes me to step up my game with my outfits and makeup looks. I love it! When I am in LA my style is edgier, I take more fashion risks and show more skin but when I am in New York I am usually in all black, and I tone it down. So what I can say is that my style changes from place to place and is continuously changing.  Who are your fashion icons? I don’t have fashion icons, but I do get inspiration from menswear, street style, and my friends.  You’re a frequent fashion week attendee, what is that experience like? I have been attending fashion shows since I was eleven, Paris being my main fashion week.  I love bumping into people from the industry that I’ve known for a while now, and it feels like one big reunion. I am very thankful to have attended the shows I’ve been able to go to, and I always get excited to see what is next in fashion. It’s crazy busy for me, somedays I have three shows and need to change multiple times, shoot the looks, followed up with showroom visits and then events in the evening. It is stressful, but I love it though.  You have a relatively strong relationship with the trendy fast-fashion company, I Am Gia. What’s your relationship with the brand like, and how do the clothes reflect your style? I’ve had the chance to work with Gia since day one; I remember they reached out to me when their Instagram only had mood board pictures before they officially launched the clothing. Alana, the designer, is a dear friend of mine and I love supporting her and the brand. With my edgy and bold style, Gia just seemed like a perfect fit, and now they are my go-to brand. The Gia girl is a risk taker, tough but flirtatious at the same time.  In addition to being a fashion influencer, you’re also a film student. How do film and fashion coexist? I am a very visual person so like my looks it reflects in the composition and aesthetic of my films. I pay close attention to every single detail and make sure it also makes sense as a whole.  How would you describe your day-to-day style? Laid back, monochromatic and I often complete a simple look with a statement jacket, bag, and sneaker.  To see more about Amalie Gassmann click here. Interview conducted and written by: Morgan Vickery Photographed by: Adair Smith Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Ruled by the sun, the celestial body that gives life/creation, the sign leo have creative flair and a desire for self expression. The Leo's habit of showing off often makes them the best dressed fuccbois with brands that you can barely pronounce. CMMN SWDN jacket, SECOND LAYER t-shirt, and LOEWE shoes available at Departamento. MIWAK JUNIOR pipe FAITH CONNEXION pants available at Departamento. SLOWTIDE towel.    WEEKDAY WARRIORS yoga flow and protein Joe mix Photography by Jim Turner @JimJTurner   Art Direction by Aitor Saumell @AitorSaumell Written by BJ Panda Bear @BJPandaBear Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   CHANEL suit and ERDEM shoes.  JASON WU dress. Sonoya Mizuno is ready for summer in the city. Casually rocking a tomboy-chic haircut and a flowing pale blush trench coat over a loose blouse, she looks the opposite of her high- fashion Crazy Rich Asians alter ego, Araminta Lee. But, like Lee, Mizuno is comfortable in her own skin. “Her style is so crazy. I’m kind of relaxed chic. Boyish. Feminine,” she explains. “It’s very simple. I like that kind of blending of the lines. I think that’s why I really am into my new hair,” she says, running her fingers through her luminous dark- brown locks. “I feel like this suits my personality more than long hair. I just cut this last week.”  Changing her look is also helping her get into character for an upcoming project — Mizuno’s next stop in a whirlwind year that has seen her taking on progressively more substantial roles in four back-to- back film releases and one TV series.  It’s a welcome and hard-earned development in the 30-year-old’s acting career, which began six years ago with an appearance as a forest guard in the Japanese fantasy drama Venus in Eros, before picking up steam with roles as Kyoko, Oscar Isaac’s android dance partner in 2014’s Ex Machina, Emma Stone’s choreographer roommate in La La Land, and a mysterious alien entity in Annihilation, which came out this February.  VALENTINO suit. Now, Mizuno’s transition from classically-trained professional ballet dancer to working actor is complete, she will next be seen in more fully-fleshed personas—as fashionable socialite Araminta Lee in the upcoming romantic comedy Crazy Rich Asians, and as Dr. Fujita in Maniac, an Emma Stone-Jonah Hill- led project coming out in September on Netflix.  “It was great. I was waiting for the opportunity,” she gushes. “Dr. Fujita is a scientist—a neuroscientist— so, further removed from me and nothing to do with dance. I feel like they’re all stepping-stones to things I want to do. Dance has been a great vehicle for me to get through the doorway. And,in a way,I use it in all of my roles, in terms of the physicality of the parts.”  Her role (as Araminta) in Crazy Rich Asians is similarly an adventure in becoming someone new. “Out of everything I’ve ever done, Araminta is the most different from me as a person. I feel like I’m more like Kyoko than I am Araminta,” she notes, referring to her quiet yet intentional role in Ex Machina. “Araminta has such an outlandish quality to her. There’s something about the way that she grew up in such privilege that she doesn’t really see what’s going on around her. She’s so not aware because she’s so fully immersed in what’s going on in her own bubble. That was something which was so different from my experience growing up.”  DIOR shirt and pants and YASMINE ESLAMI bra. Growing up for Mizuno meant living in the “real, beautiful” Somerset countryside in England with her five siblings and her single mother before attending boarding school at the Royal Ballet School in London. Staying grounded is important to her—the experience of being the only Japanese family around made childhood “difficult at times,” but strengthened her resilience and the bond between the brothers and sisters.  Being a part of the first Hollywood film in 25 years—after Joy Luck Club—to feature an all-Asian cast was a thrilling experience for the actor, who is open about the challenges of not fitting easily into casting molds due to her background as a mixed-race woman of Japanese, Argentinian, and English descent. Science-fiction films have often been an avenue through which actors of diverse backgrounds could break into the movie industry, so the chance to play someone neither otherworldly nor an “other” was “such a breath of fresh air,” she admits.  “So many of the Asian parts that we see are either sci-fi or stereotyped in some way,” she explains. “But Crazy Rich Asians is full of so many unique, three-dimensional Asian characters who are all so different from one another.”  GUESS top. It was apparently a feeling shared by the rest of the cast, creating a sense of camaraderie and mutual support that continues to this day. “I think a lot of us have struggled in our careers with those kinds of parts,” she says. “And then we were all given this opportunity at the same time to be taken off the leash. It was like, finally—here’s a proper part.”  Mizuno also takes the long view, from the audience perspective, noting the importance of viewers being able to see themselves represented in art. “I want it to speak to Asian people and I want them to feel proud and excited by it. Especially younger generations. Growing up, we didn’t have people who looked like us on the screen. I hope it speaks to them in a positive way.”  The key to Mizuno’s steady success might lie in her understanding that you can’t build a well-rounded career without building a well-rounded life. Toward that end, she kicked off the new year with a move to New York City, where it is “much more my kind of pace than LA.”  “There’s something about LA, the niceness of it and the seductiveness of it—which I’m not immune to—but it doesn’t feel real in a way. And for me, it’s kind of scary because I feel like you can get sucked into the bubble of it.”  SALVATORE FERRAGAMO dress and boots. Among her favorite out-of-the-bubble activities to do in New York: spending time with friends and family, grabing coffee at East Village shop Abraço, and going to the theatre. Asked if she would ever consider acting on stage herself, Mizuno’s eyes light up and her voice takes on a serious tone.  “I would love to. Have you seen Three Tall Women?” she asks, referencing the Tony Award-winning play featuring Laurie Metcalf. “You must go! Oh my god. I’m going to try and see it again. It’s so amazing. That’s the goal—to do stuff like that.”  Ultimately, Mizuno sees herself as simply trying to create work that she cares about and that is meaningful, “because life’s short, so otherwise, what’s the point?” GUESS top and THE ROW pants.  “There are so many unknowns in this business, and not everything is in your control,” she notes. “You do it and you feel proud, but it also has to come out and meet the world. The hope is that it not only does well, but that it catches onto the zeitgeist of what’s going on.”  And there’s always also the option to write the stories you want to see. “I am trying to write something at the moment, but it’s actually not for myself.” Does she envision writing for herself one day? “Maybe. So many things have happened that I could never have even dreamed of. They were beyond my dreams. Now I say, who knows? Anything can happen.”  JUNYA WATANABE trench dress and DIOR loafers. Written by Heather J. Chin  Photographed by Zackery Michael Flaunt Film by Zackery Michael  Styled by Rika Watanabe Hair: Stefano Greco Makeup: Charlotte Day Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       VERSACE dress and belt, DIOR hat, and BVLGARI Parentesi High Jewelry necklace in 18k pink gold and diamonds. VERSACE dress, shoes, and belt, DIOR hat, and BVLGARI Parentesi High Jewelry necklace in 18k pink gold and diamonds. “My life is a series of what the fuck moments.” These words come out beautifully, spoken in Laura Harrier’s velvety coo. The 28-year-old actor, dressed for the July heat in a flowing sundress decorated with cherries, is staring intently at a marble table top in a restaurant in New York City’s Mondrian Park Avenue Hotel. She is in deep concentration, trying to properly articulate the fundamental changes fame has wrought on her life. For those few seconds, her usually relaxed, almond-shaped eyes grow animated, ping-ponging back and forth as if she is trying to congeal all the memories of red carpets, movie sets, and celebrity encounters into one prevailing thought: What the fuck?  Given the last decade of her life, the profane expression is appropriate. Harrier was raised in the suburbs of Evanston, Illinois, and serendipitously became a model at 17 after she came home from school one day to find a photo shoot happening in her house, and the photographer took a liking to her. She moved to New York City to study art at New York University, but deferred her admission so she could continue to pursue modeling. She then realized that being simply a vessel for beauty was not offering the creative fulfillment she craved. She quit modeling, abandoned her NYU ambitions, and decided to study acting at William Esper Studios. She landed roles on the popular soap opera One Life To Live and in Steve McQueen’s aborted HBO series Codes of Conduct before her big break as the strong-willed Liz Allan in the 2017 blockbuster film Spider-Man: Homecoming, which has grossed more than $880 million at the box office.  EMPORIO ARMANI sweater, WOLFORD tights, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI gloves and bag, and BVLGARI Serpenti earrings in 18k white gold with emerald and diamonds and Serpenti ring in 18k white gold with sapphire and diamonds. In August, Harrier stars in the Spike Lee-directed, Jordan Peele-produced, Black power-infused film BlacKkKlansman, which is centered around a WTF moment of its own: a Black police officer going undercover as a member of the Klu Klux Klan in the 1970s. Harrier plays Patrice, president of the Colorado State Black Student Union; a woman who can elucidate the intricacies of blaxploitation films, and still bust out some Soul Train moves without ruffling her beautifully styled afro. The film has already been inundated with rapturous reviews, including receiving the prestigious Grand Prix award and a rare six minute standing ovation at this year’s Cannes Film Festival.  PACO RABANNE dress, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes, and BVLGARI Parentesi bracelet in 18k white gold with diamonds. I’ve always likened acting to a sort of superpower.  The ability to convincingly transform into a different person has to be useful, even when the cameras aren’t rolling. “Yeah, but don’t blow up my spot,” Harrier says with a smile when I ask her if she feels similarly. While she’s keeping a tight lip on how she’s used her potentially deceitful powers in her day-to-day life, Harrier does reveal a time when she had to don a different persona to face the world. “When I was at Cannes, I was really nervous. I knew I had to be this confident character,” Harrier says. Acting, along with advice for a veteran, helped her blend right in. “Cate Blanchett was one of the judges at Cannes. She told me, ‘We’re all just playing a role here.’”  Filming for BlacKkKlansman was a crash course in the vibrant history of African American film. At Lee’s behest, Harrier immersed herself in classic films such as Coffy, Cleopatra Jones, and The Black Power Mixtape documentary. “I watched a lot of Soul Train,” Harrier tells me. Why? Patrice’s entire dance sequence in the film can be missed in an eye blink. “I wanted to be prepared. I didn’t know what Spike would want me to do,” she says, laughing.  CHLOÉ blouse and pants and BVLGARI Serpenti earrings in 18k white gold with sapphire and diamonds and Serpenti ring in 18k white gold with sapphire and diamond. But nothing could have prepared her for the film’s punctuating scene, when a surprise guest retells a true story to a congregation of Black activists: how a Black, mentally disabled friend of his was castrated and set on fire by racist white men. “I didn’t know Harry Belafonte was going to be there until the day of. Maybe Spike told me the day before. He wasn’t on the call sheet or anything.” Overcome with shock at meeting the civil rights hero, she simply clasped her hands together as if praying to a deity and thanked him for all that he’s done for Black people.  BlacKkKlansman inspires those sorts of emotional reactions. For over two hours, the film envelops you in the palpable racial tension that permeated America in the 1970s. It can be almost too visceral at times. In another scene, Patrice and a few other Black people are searched by white police officers for no reason, other than for one of the officers to berate and grope Patrice. “That scene was very emotional for me, because I kept thinking about all of the other Black women who went through this.”  VERSACE dress and belt and BVLGARI Giardini High Jewelry earrings in 18k pink and white gold with diamonds and Giardini High Jewelry ring in 18k white gold with diamonds. Harrier herself is biracial. Her father is African-American, and her mother is of Polish and English descent. “I always knew I was Black, obviously. But, I didn’t feel like people only saw me as a Black woman until I got to New York City.” Harrier was recently reminded that fame and prestige do little to avert some people’s gaze away from race. “I was at this fancy dinner event. I’m an honored guest, dressed up, people are taking photos of me, and this lady asks me, ‘Could you tell me where I’m sitting?’” Harrier recounts, with a face that combines mortification and incredulous laughter.  She is well aware America has been having its own prolonged WTF moment since November 2016; one that almost pushed Harrier out of the country. “Yeah, after the election I thought about leaving,” Harrier reveals, with a staunch temerity coating her voice. “But, no—fuck you. This is my home. You can’t drive me away.” Trump isn’t mentioned by name in BlacKkKlansman, but the film insinuates that the ideals that propelled Trump to presidency began with white supremacy. In one scene, former KKK grand wizard David Duke, played by That ‘70s Show’s Topher Grace, motivates a group of KKK members by invoking the same “America First” rhetoric Trump has spouted as president. In one glaringly prescient moment, John David Washington’s character Ron Stallworth says America would never elect a racist like Duke to be President of the United States. “I don’t think it’s much of a stretch to make a connection between David Duke and Trump. Trump sort of makes it himself. He actually said there were fine people on both sides,” she says, in reference to the president’s controversial remarks about the violence that occured in Charlottesville, North Carolina following white supremacist torchlight protests against the removal of Robert E. Lee’s statue. She hopes Trump watches the film.  PROENZA SCHOULER top and skirt and BVLGARI Parentesi bracelet in 18k white gold with diamonds. Even with her burgeoning star power and a standout role in one of Lee’s best films in decades, Harrier claims she doesn’t know why the award-winning director picked her for the role. But, sitting across from her, it’s readily apparent why the enigmatic filmmaker would cast her to play a character who is as badass as she is beautiful. Harrier comfortable traverses a nuanced spectrum of emotions with the impressive command that is characteristic of Lee’s most iconic female leads, such as Nola Darling in his directorial debut, She’s Gotta Have It.  I have my own WTF moment in the middle of my chat with Harrier, when I realize how down-to-earth she is, despite the fact that she’s on the precipice of becoming a Hollywood powerhouse. She binges on shows about cults (Netflix’s Wild Wild Country), ritualistic enslavement (Hulu’s The Handmaid’s Tale), and dystopian futures (HBO’s Westworld) just like the rest of us. For her recent 28th birthday, instead of celebrating on a tropical island, she went to the family establishment Medieval Times with a few close friends. She rolls out of bed at 8am with no makeup on to hit the gym like anyone would. She says she often doesn’t remember she’s famous, and that movie-quality looks are sort of mandated at all times, until a barrage of paparazzi camera flashes shock her back to reality, like a scene out of Get Out.  Harrier still has ambitions to fulfill. She’s hoping for a lead role in the near future, and she would love to work with director Sofia Coppola some day. But, when asked what she wants people to remember her for when it’s all said and done, she politely asks to change the question. For now, she’s living in the moment. Whatever the fuck it is at the time.  Written by Keith Nelson Jr.  Photographed by Chris Schoonover Styled by Danielle Nachmani Flaunt Film directed by David Vollucci Hair: Harry Josh  Makeup: Hung Vanngo The Next Issue: 20th Anniversary Volume Two Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017           Photos by Owen Kolasinski, BFA  Last night, a number of notable guests rubbed shoulders at the the iconic Tony Duquette Dawnridge House to celebrate Spring Place Beverly Hills, set to open in the fall. Guests were greeted with bamboo fans with Nicky Hilton Rothschild and Matt Barnes on hand as some of the stand-out attendees. And sultry LA-based singer Kelsey Lu performed in a stunning Cleopatra-esque headpiece. The creative space will feature a 6,500-square-foot roof space, a full concierge, a wellness program, and most importantly, a menu curated by former Four Seasons Beverly Hills chef Mirko Paderno. Spring Place BH will give LA influencers and trendy entrepreneurs a place to hide out and get their creative juices flowing. The exclusive members only business club launched its first space in NYC and it was only a matter of time until it hopped over to the west coast. Peek the photo gallery for a glimpse into hot and sweaty night that could only be in LA. Written by Rachel Holmes Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Balt Getty has collaborated with Devante to create the single and visuals, for “Retail Therapy”. With bouncy beats and quick wit, Balt doesn’t rap about shopaholics in vain. The song’s commentary is on the materialistic world, Balt says “‘Retail Therapy’ is about recognizing a culture where buying and shopping are ways to fill a void. The song and video are a reflection of society’s obsession with the need to spend money to make themselves feel better. Just a catchy fun ass song.” The music video directed by Rough Sketchz,  animates Balt and Devante into a consumerist world of lean and Supreme. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   OAKLEY sunglasses. The sun has crossed into the sign of Leo. This is the time to get your hair done, be seen, and leave all your men on read. This is Leo season, the season of glow up. If you are lucky enough to have Leos in your life, you know they are expecting gifts. As Flaunt’s in-house Leo, I am here to help you pick out the perfect gift to make your Leo feel as special as they truly are. You don’t want to insult your feline friend with a sub-par gift.   TOOGOOD hat available at Departamento and CUTLER AND GROSS sunglasses.   Leo is ruled by the sun and want to be seem as the giant star that they are. Eyewear is always a must for these lions. Leos want to seem inconspicuous yet glamorous at all times. We pulled some of our favorite sunglasses for you to buy for your Leos. CUTLER AND GROSS sunglasses. Photography by Jim Turner @JimJTurner   Art Direction by  Aitor Saumell @AitorSaumell Written by Collin Schreiber @collinpschreiber Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                 COS has just released their Autumn Winter 2018 campaign, featuring models Karen Elson and Fernando Carbal. Styled by Hannes Hetta and shot by art photographer, Viviane Sassen the artful collection was inspired by "juxtapositions in the environment" and is meant to include aspects that "refine the raw." Sassen was the perfect photographer for the job because of her ability to show viewers what life would be like through her conceptualized lens. With the use of abstracted bodies, Sassen was able to depict the relationship between the body and the clothing collection, using natural elements and texture. Find the campaign in COS' Autumn Winter Magazine which will be available in their stores and online starting September 12th.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017          Helmut Lang himself once said, "It's dangerous to become overexposed." In the time that has passed we have adapted to become symbiotic with our technology, ever leaking our reality to subscribers. With the rise in popularity of 90's fashion, it's no surprise that Helmut Lang is leading the way with their epic throwback capsules, but with a twist. The fashion house has partnered with luxury vintage curators Byronesque to re-released a selection of their most iconic pieces from 1994-2004. Though as the creative director of Byronesque Justin Westover has mentioned, "We live in a culture of extreme overexposure." The re-edtions have made it clear that these clothes have not gone out of style, but predicted style. Don't miss your shot to get your hands on this all-black, all-bondage and all-badass collection. The line will be available for sale at 10:30 am today at https://www.helmutlang.com/ Written by Lotus Kaufman Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    PETAR PETROV coat, MAISON MARGIELA pants, and talent’s own corset.  PETAR PETROV coat, MAISON MARGIELA pants,  talent's own corset, shoes, and jewelry.  COS bra and MAX MARA pants.     ANINE BING suit.  ANINE BING suit.  ALEXA CHUNG coat and ALICE & OLIVA dress.  ALEXA CHUNG coat and ALICE & OLIVA dress.  REFORMATION dress and stylist’s own coat and shoes.  REFORMATION dress and stylist’s own coat and shoes. Ariel Beesley is making her way into the music industry with a bang. Some describe her as a multitalented model and singer or the "Blondie of our era", but mostly she's just channeling her true self through her music. Recently, Flaunt got the opportunity to interview Beesley and we got to talk about everything from her fashion choices to her first song "Slower than Usual." We look forward to seeing what else this artist will bring to the table!    One could say “Slower than Usual” was your breakthrough into the music industry, because it was the first song you released and an introduction to you as a an artist/ singer. What image do you hope to portray and what are your goals in the music industry?  I think the only image I hope to portray to the outside world is my truest self, and the best way I know how to do that is through music. Music has always been the outlet that allows me to be my most vulnerable and honest. I hope through my songs people can realize that they're not alone. That in fact, a lot of us experience the same emotions, even if we have different circumstances. I think that its a really special thing to be able to listen to a song a realize if someone else can write about it and work through it, maybe you can too. And then of course I want to play as many shows as possible.    What made you attend Aviicii’s songwriting camp in Stockholm and have your experiences there shaped you as an artist? My manager, Andrew Brightman, sent me to Aviicii's songwriting camp as as exercise for me to write more songs and get more experience in co-writing sessions. My experiences there not only shaped me as an artist, but most definitely as a person in general. Traveling to Stockholm was not only the first time I had ever travelled solely for the purpose of music, but also the first time I had ever travelled completely alone. My eyes had never been so open. "Slower Than Usual" inspired by someone I met there, and I formed a sort of family over in Stockholm that truly has shaped me. The experience is one I will never forget.    Have you found it easy to promote yourself as both a musician and model or do the two come in conflict in your career? One thing that I have noticed having made my money modeling, is that some people in the music industry have been very quick to write me off as a model that happens to sing. Just a face. This has been the most heartbreaking, and quite frankly infuriating thing, as I have always been a musician first and foremost. I am very grateful that I was able to be self sufficient from a very early age through modeling. But music has always been my priority. I think there is a slightly misogynistic aspect to it as well. I know men that have happened to model but when it comes to their music press its not mentioned. Why are women reduced to being a body and a face when we're trying to have our voices heard?    Both your music video and song “Slower Than Usual” have a very 80’s vibe. What made you decide to take inspiration from this specific time period? My biggest influences have always come from the 80's. I always loved bands like Blondie, The Cure, and New Order. It has always been really important for me to draw from those influences but make them modern. Anyone can write a song that sounds like their favorite band, its more difficult to write a song you can hear the influence in, but still make it your own. Also, I pretty much just wish I could live in a John Hughes film, so thats always played a role.    You have said in the past that fashion is one of the ways you express yourself. In what ways have your daily experiences impacted your style? I have always loved clothes. I'm definitely a self proclaimed clothes hoarder. This is a really interesting question though, about the daily experiences impacting style. A couple weeks ago I got harassed on the street by some scumbag, and I happened to be wearing a corset as a top that day. When I told people, some told me that I shouldn't wear things so out there, in order to not attract that type of attention. So how have my daily experiences impacted my style? Well, things like that make me want to wear that stuff more. To show the world that I will not be scared into dressing any type of way. I will wear what I want, and people can learn to not behave like idiots. I've been wearing a lot of corsets since then. Mind you, this happens to women every day in sweat pants as well. So I guess thats what has been going on in my mind lately when I get dressed. Other than that, i've been really into 80's prom dresses.  Ariel Beesley   @arielbees Photographer: Dane Peterson  @d_peto Stylist: Sadie Sapphire  @sadiesapphire Hair & Makeup: Heather Rose Harris  @heatherroseharris Written by Louisa Solarz Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   SIES MARJAN suit and shirt, talents own rings. Let them eat cake. While cake is typically celebratory, the french Revolution teaches us that it can also be political. At 32 years old, with a decade of professional culinary experience under her belt, NYC-based chef Angela Dimayuga conscientiously navigates the boundary of politics and food. Currently serving as the “Creative Director of Food and Culture” at ever-trendy hotel group The Standard, Dimayuga most recently found herself at the center of the conversation when she posted a note on Instagram as a response to a DM request to be profiled for IvankaTrump.com. “As a queer person and daughter of immigrant parents, I am not interested in being profiled as an aspirational figure for those that support a brand and President that slyly disparages female empowerment. Sharing my story with a brand and family that silences our same voices is futile.” The response quickly went viral.  In 2018, the boundary between politics and identity is rapidly dissolving. And, as a fundamental element of cultural identity, food is inextricably bound with political expression. For example, wasn’t it Ivanka’s dear orange father who sparked international outrage when he tweeted about that “beautiful piece of chocolate cake” he enjoyed while telling President Xi about the airstrikes in Syria? Who tweeted a picture of himself eating a taco bowl to prove that, despite his words and actions, he “loves Hispanics?” A less charming brat than Miss Antoinette, but just as out of touch.  Incisive and intensely passionate about her work, Dimayuga doesn’t allow for a single lull in our hour-long conversation. Each question I ask prompts a bullet train of thought, her kaleidoscopic perspective fluidly traversing a broad range of ideas and concepts. As we discuss the nuanced relationship between politics and food, Angela paints me a picture of another fraught, cake-related dinner scene: “There was someone of mixed race, part black from NewYork City, and then people from Israel making Israeli food and, you know... we just got into a really heated political argument. It just got really bad.” Unbeknownst to the squabbling table, her friend’s mother was secretly making a flourless chocolate cake to surprise a particular gluten-intolerant dinner guest. “So she brought out this flourless chocolate cake, which in my opinion is a very old school, yet contemporary dish. I felt like it was very ’90s or 2000s, and I loved it. After that, everyone kind of just shut the fuck up and we just enjoyed the cake. Even though everyone felt this sort of tension from the conversation, the only thing that anyone could comment on after was that cake.” In this case, a beautiful chocolate cake is a source of communion; something tangible and rudimentary that transcends surface-level differences.  ELLERY dress and LOUIS VUITTON shoes. Throughout our conversation, I grapple with the duality of cuisine as both high-concept and purely emotional. I eat therefore I am? I think therefore I eat? But this multi-dimensional perspective is something Dimayuga navigates with ease. “It’s been really important for me to vocalize who I am, that I am first-generation, and that I’m queer, because that has directly affected the way that I’ve navigated the food world.” Dimayuga’s parents emigrated from the Philippines and settled in San Jose California to raise Angela and her five siblings.  The passion for food came early. At age five, Dimayuga already knew what she wanted to be when she grew up. “I would watch PBS cooking shows as a kid rather than Saturday morning cartoons,” she tells me. Unlike most of us, she followed through. Like many young 20-somethings with an unwavering devotion to a childhood dream, Dimayuga moved to New York City. At 21 she was already running a line at Vinegar Hill House, lying about her age so her youth wouldn’t undermine her authority in the eyes of her co-workers. “I always felt like I was an outlier because of the type of person that I am. Someone that’s really interested in art and the craft of cooking as art—or as an expression of who you are as a person. Because my inspiration for cooking has really come from the social aspect of eating, being a part of a big family, it meant so much to me early on in my career to work with people that I was happy to stand next to for 15 hours a day.”  Mentorship figures heavily into Angela’s dogma as a chef. She attributes her meteoric rise, from line-cook at Vinegar Hill House to executive chef of Mission Chinese, to the mentorship and collaboration that buoyed her through all those 15-hour days. The late Anthony Bourdain, an early advocate of her career, numbers among Dimayuga’s long list of mentors and influences. He is quoted in an interview with ChefsFeed as saying, “If you were to appoint an official ambassador, somebody with the juice, the trust, the confidence to open a place serving Filipino food, I think she would be a good advocate.”  J.W. ANDERSON dress and shoes. Dimayuga has an introspective relationship with her Filipino heritage: “I thought about that a lot in the last five years, and being vocal about why my talent is the way that it is... as a kid, having sour foods is really different from other Asian cultures, and I think that really helped me develop my own palette, which I find creatively liberating.” Angela is continuously pushing the narrative of Asian American food, beginning with our culture’s double standards. “As a chef running a restaurant, if I’m serving a plate of noodles that I think are worth $15, but the public perception of Asian noodles is that they should be $5, it becomes a battle against systemic racism. People are more willing to spend $25 on a really simple pasta dish at an Italian restaurant. By pricing these foods to reflect their value, I’m trying to push the narrative further.” In light of the political climate, it is increasingly important that immigrant identities are considered part of our collective American identity. This subversion of our pricing systems is something that Angela employs to enact change. She uses these same pricing principles in one of her event series, entitled GUSH. Dimayuga created GUSH in collaboration with Pati Hertling, who is impressively both a practicing lawyer and an art curator, as a party for intersectional, POC, queer, femme-identifying individuals. “My goal for GUSH is inviting people that have never been hosted before. We also like to throw parties in different spaces to sortof decolonize these spaces, and we have what we call “reverse economics” where we charge $5 for queer women/lesbians/non- binary/trans people, $10 for gay men, and then $75 for straight men.” I let out an affirming laugh. “Yeah, the initial reaction is always funny, but what we’re really trying to avoid is what can happen when straight males enter gay or lesbian spaces.”  BALENCIAGA top. Dimayuga possesses an intimidating fluency in contemporary issues. Paired with her unbounded creativity, she is a perfect fit for her newly appointed position as Creative Director for the Standard Hotel Group (a job created especially for her, I might add). Between this and GUSH, Angela is devoted to creating spaces of inclusivity and visibility, projects that she envisions and executes in a constant outpouring of vibrant creativity. A beer garden on NYC’s Highline for POC ‘bears.’ An edible bathing suit for Miami swim week. A partnership with the ACLU designing clothing for Art Basel. She has the rare ability to turn intention into action, inspiring others as she blurs the boundaries of art, performance, activism, and cuisine. So, what’s next?  “I think it’s an important direction we’re going in as consumers, guests of these spaces, and leaders. I’m looking forward to this next phase because I’ve been itching for that for years. The food industry and food media needs to change. There’s something just so boring about food porn, or the same chefs we see all the time. There’s something so important about those chefs and the path they forged for us. But there has been this rumbling for change to happen, and I think we’re at the really nascent stages of it.” Considering her ascendant trajectory thus far, which has seen her turn her ambitions into action while shaping narratives of identity, culture, food, and politics along the way, we might not have to wait too long.  Written by Andie Eisen  Photographed by Andy Madeleine  Styled by Noah Diaz  Hair by Kazuto Shimomura  Makeup by Anya Awata  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   A fine fragrance should be a staple in anyone’s wardrobe, just like a pair of diamond earrings or a little black dress. Ombre Nomade by Louis Vuitton, a scent which was crafted by Master Perfumer Jacques Cavallier Belletrud, is one that will make a statement. After months of searching for the highest quality of sources in Bangladesh, Ombre Nomade is based around the distinctive scent of oud wood. A hint of raspberry and rose slightly masks the intensity of the spicy, leathery accents of the oud wood. A rich scent deserves a rich looking bottle. Created by designer Marc Newson, the bottle is dark, but not opaque, rather a shade which reflects the night sky with shades of gold. “Ombre Nomade” is marked in gold-finished metal, right above the Louis Vuitton signature engraving. This wood-centric fragrance will have everyone turning heads as you walk by.   Ombre Nomade will available in refillable, customizable bottles of 100ml ($330) and 200ml ($485) at select Louis Vuitton locations including New York, Los Angeles, and Miami. Photos Courtesy of Louis Vuitton  Written by Abby Siegel Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Courtesy of 69, styled by Jess Cuevas, photo by Stephanie Gonot The newest fashion exhibition under the name of ‘69 Déjà Vu’ is marking its first museum solo exhibition at Los Angeles’ MOCA Pacific Design Center on Friday, August 3. Welcoming all ages, races, sexualities and sizes in the community, Lifestyle brand 69 has a selection of groundbreaking clothing, videos and photographs revolving around denim that will be on display at this exhibit. The art and fashion featured serves as an expression of freedom, inclusiveness and a more fluid future.   69, FW16, photo by Christine Hahn 69, SUNBLOCK HAT, photo by Bennet Perez Courtesy of 69, photo by Anthony Espino Written by Allyson Borunda Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Via FWRD Whether it was the powdered wigs that adorned the upperclass aristocrats in the Victorian Era or the baroque sneakers that brace the feet of millennials today, fashion objects display a totemic connection between ornate dress and class. These objects are fluid; changing form as time goes on. Yet there is one fashion object that transcends– the “it” bag. Via Fendi “It” bags were birthed out of social status and exclusivity; elevating the wearer to status (the “it” girl/guy). Wearers became representative of objects that conveyed the concept of having it all without carrying it all. Though the mid 2000s offered up a golden era of It bags, the excessive concept of the bigger is better resonated in countless socialites and celebrities who flaunted waiting-list bags that could have easily supported the weight of a small child. Via DPTO As those Hollywood messes went extinct the concept of the young Hollywood has warped and the rise of those social media people, who shall not be named, has brought a psychological referendum against the ideal gestures of exclusivity. We now live consumed with ways to go against the grain which life has given us. Exhaustion from our digital lives have created a generation of millennials trying to out bid each other for a house in the Catskill's or Joshua Tree for a little me moment before slipping into full on selfie relapse. SS18 ETC Sling in Kombu and Sun. New collection available now! Photo credit @noua_unu Wardrobe @elsewherelsewhere If cocktails provide warmth where there is no man and a poke bowl nourish where we feed our animalistic tendencies for flesh then why should we be carrying the world on our backs. It's a clear evolution of accessories as a reaction to our collective mental health. Are we delusional, are we practicing minimalism or have we just fallen into a zeitgeist leading trend? Coming soon. #nana_nana It's hard to see if this has any correlation to our sexual appetites. For one the mini bag see's no gender. Once a symbol of the woman's vulva in which she held items men would besiege upon her, with the statement, "babes can you put this in your bag." The mini bag is a critique of our new found woke consciousness, a product of equality to fit a condom and some change. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   To launch their Fall/Winter line of 2018, Prada announces Ultravision, a fluorescent, eye-catching series of photographs that set the tone for what's to come. Shot at the Fondazione Prada Torre in Milan the images are simultaneously elegant and otherworldly with clothing so neon you may need a pair of sunglasses if you want to take a second glance. The contrast between the angular staircases and inky skyline of Milan with a line of clothing pulsing with energy is futuristic and leaves us craving more. Written by Lotus Kaufman Photographed by Willy Vanderperre Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC space blanket overdress, dress and boots, ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses, LEIGH MILLER earring, JENNIE KWON rings, and ERINESS ring.  ADRIANA IGLESIAS dress and bodysuit, PIERRE HARDY shoes, OAKLEY sunglasses, PETER PILOTTO earrings, ERINESS multicolor rings, and ANNA SHEFFIELD ring. Amandla Stenberg’s handshake has a degree of firmness that I’ve come to associate with a trustworthy person. I feel an almost embarrassing sensation of familiarity looking at her face. Logically, I know this is because I spent three hours of my Friday night watching a pre-release screening of her two upcoming films, The Darkest Minds and The Hate U Give, but my brain tricks me into that comfort of recognition reserved for one’s fondest acquaintances.  She is just as striking in three dimensions. Her short hair and cherubic features lend 19-year-old Stenberg an air of tomboyish grace; walking with her hands in her jean pockets, she exudes the debonair femininity of a Titanic-era Leo.   ELLERY bra top, MARNI turtleneck, LEIGH MILLER earrings, JENNIE KWON pearl ring, and ERINESS multicolor ring. Together, we walk out of the bustling preparations for her photoshoot and into the dry July heat of Highland Avenue. In line at the nearest coffee shop, Stenberg indulges my attempts at small talk as our orders are being processed by a particularly testy iPad. I mention the single time we crossed paths before this afternoon. “Were you at that Paul Simon concert at the Hollywood Bowl?” Thankfully, there is a glint of recognition, “Yes, I went with my mom!” Relieved, I continue, “I was sitting behind you, and we were both sitting behind Meryl Streep.” She laughs, “Yes! She kept lovingly patting her son’s back. I couldn’t stop staring at her hands. They were so strong and feminine!” Our shared view of Meryl’s hands upstaged most of my memory of ‘You Can Call Me Al’. She adds, “My mom and I agreed, that was the whitest crowd we’d ever seen.”  Now seated in the back patio, she tears the corner off her strawberry-rhubarb pastry and we pick apart the cultural symbolism in The Darkest Minds. In a dystopian tale set in a forebodingly contemporary America, an autoimmune disease sweeps the nation, causing the immediate death of 98% of America’s children. Those that survive possess varying levels of supernatural powers and are placed in “rehabilitation camps” by the US government. It is a classic ‘hero’ tale, following 16-year- old Ruby Daly (Stenberg), who escapes her camp and slowly learns how to harness her unique power. With the ability to control minds, Ruby’s power is manifest in glowing orange eyes and a Stranger-Things- esque telekinetic stare (sans nose bleed). “There was a lot of ‘eye’ acting in that movie,” I mention. Laughing, she nods, “A whole lot of eye acting!” She turns her head abruptly, starring straight into my soul with Ruby’s piercing gaze.   OFF-WHITE c/o VIRGIL ABLOH dress and bodysuit,  LEIGH MILLER earrings, and JENNIE KWON rings. As a veteran of The Hunger Games, Stenberg is no stranger to the teens-versus-obscenely-cruel-(overtly-child-abusive)-government film formula. At only 13 years old, her casting as Katniss’s pal Rue was met with an onslaught of racist internet comments. Six years later, as the protagonist of a promising young adult franchise, Stenberg is emerging victorious. “We’ve seen these young adult dystopian series before but we’ve only seen it with Jennifer Lawrence and Shailene Woodley. I was flabbergasted at the idea that they were even interested in casting me because it was based on a book series that, I think you assume upon reading, is written as white.” The Darkest Minds offers a more nuanced critique of contemporary politics. Stenberg explains, “the movie starts with Ruby being separated from her parents and being put into camps, which is jarringly relevant to what is happening now. Hopefully that storyline can add a bit of humanization or accessibility to people who don’t care about our central American children.” Although the film is fantasy, it bears a sobering resemblance to the state of contemporary politics, particularly regarding an all too familiar generational fear. “These children have the ability to access this special part of themselves and adults respond to that with fear and violence.” She continues, “It’s something that so many of us are facing right now, understanding how we can harness our own tools like social media. Not to approach it with fear, but instead learn how to face a regime that we don’t believe in.”   MARINE SERRE top, skirt, bodysuit, and scarf, JIMMY CHOO shoes, CHARLOTTE CHESNAIS earring, and LEIGH MILLER ring.  “I like that there are Harry Potter references in both your films,” I say. She gestures emphatically, “Right! I was thinking about that the other day! Harry Potter is so important to our generation!” We share a collective memory of pulling all-nighters, hiding flashlights under the covers to read all 700 pages of the newest book. What sweet nostalgia for an era where parents actually discouraged kids from reading all night. Our generational bond over Harry Potter mimics a thematic touchstone for Stenberg’s character in The Hate U Give. In the film, Stenberg plays 16-year-old Starr, who inhabits the antipodal worlds of the lower-income black neighborhood and the primarily white suburban private school. Starr remains rooted in her community through her childhood friend Khalil. In a pivotal scene, as they drive home from a party together, they reminisce about the Harry Potter days, flirtatiously asking if they kept the fake wands they played with as kids. Within the same scene, their car is pulled over and Khalil is fatally shot at the hands of a white policeman. After witnessing his death, the film follows Starr’s journey into activism as she finds her voice and reconciles her disparate identities.   ELLERY bra top, navy pants, and belt, MARNI turtleneck, ADRIANA IGLESIAS pants, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes, LEIGH MILLER earrings, JENNIE KWON pearl ring, and ERINESS multicolor ring. The Hate U Give Little Infants Fucks Everybody. Tupac Shakur’s classic indictment of systemic, generational racism—“THUG LIFE”— inspired Angie Thomas’s novel, The Hate U Give, which served as the source material for the movie adaptation of the same name. Attached early on to the project, Stenberg was given the unpublished manuscript of the book by a friend who felt she could easily identify with Starr, the protagonist. “A myriad of things felt so similar to my own life,” Stenberg elaborates. “During the process of production, me and the director George Tillman, we were able to reference so much of my own life experience to create a language for how we would navigate different facets of Starr. So we have ‘Williamson’ Starr, which we would compare to the school I went to, called ‘Wildwood.’” She says Wildwood with an eye-roll to draw out the benign preppiness of such a quintessentially “private school” name. “We had ‘Garden Heights,’ which is similar to Leimert Park where I grew up. Sometimes on set, George would yell out ‘more Leimert!’ or ‘more Wildwood!’ We kind of created this chart that demonstrated the different ends of the spectrum for how severely she has to code-switch, but also for all the facets that exist in between.”  Drawn from a well of personal experience, there is a palpable energy in the friction of Starr’s shifting identity. Stenberg’s performance—most memorably in the traumatic shooting scene— left me with mascara running from my lashes to my shirt collar. The concerned stares I received from the theater’s security guard informed me that I did a bad job of concealing this emotional residue.   SIMONE ROCHA dress, ADRIANA IGLESIAS shirt, TANK AIR bodysuit, OAKLEY sunglasses, LEIGH MILLER earrings and JENNIE KWON rings.  When Moonlight scooped La La Land for the best picture Oscar, it felt like Hollywood was finally taking its first blundering steps into an era of more diversified representation. There were debates surrounding the development of Get Out, and whether or not audiences could engage with America’s racism so directly. The success of the film answered with a resounding yes. So do studios have more faith in audiences? I ask Stenberg: “Do you have more faith in audiences?” This question gives her pause. Her eyes glance up, searching for an answer somewhere in the space above my head. “I think it’s also a matter of survival... in order to stay relevant and pique the interest of younger generations, they have to address contemporary social, political issues, because that’s what we care about. I think it’s really beautiful.” She continues, “Even in the process of development on The Hate U Give, I could tell there were moments of doubt from the studio. Just wanting to be really careful about how they make and market the film. There are certain words they use a lot. They want to make things”—her voice deepens as she ‘air quotes’ dramatically—“‘accessible,’ so it doesn’t ‘alienate people.’ So that it appeals to a ‘wide audience,’ which literally means white middle America. I feel like I have to counterbalance those tendencies in my own performance and make sure we don’t fall into tropes.”  At that moment, a jurassically large insect kamikazes through our conversation with a buzz loud enough to prompt a “holy shit” from Stenberg as she hops off her stool. “What the fuck was that?” asks a woman from a neighboring table. After a few minutes of head ducking and swatting, the bug exits the scene. Cafe patrons return to their kindles. Stenberg is laughing.   MARNI coat, RICHARD QUINN turtleneck available at MatchesFashion.com, SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO shorts, Fabrizio Viti shoes, and MOUNSER earrings. “So...” I say, taking a prolonged sip of my iced matcha. As I lower my mason jar, the new-age paper straw sticks to my upper lip, robbing me of any flirtatious swagger I might have achieved from this gesture. “I read your interview in Wonderland with King Princess.” Her eyes light up at the mention of Brooklyn-born singer KP. Published a month ago, Stenberg announced in full Ellen-on-the-cover-of-Time-squat style, “Yep, I’m Gay!” In a heartwarming and hilarious conversation between the two, Stenberg examines her sexual identity, coming out, and dismantling internalized heteronormativity. “We were like, how can we make it as explicitly clear as possible that I’m gay? Really just YEP!” she says, striking the Ellen pose with a hand under her chin. “I feel like I’ve been trying over the past six months over Instagram with kind of explicit and kind of funny captions, but I didn’t think it was going to be understood by the general media, so I was like, ‘This is the moment!’”  We wax poetic about the beautiful unlearning of heteronormativity through female relationships; the immense freedom of sexuality unbound by the patriarchy. Stenberg reflects, “I’ve always been gay. Through the process of coming to the conclusion that I am indeed gay, I was sifting through all of these childhood memories, experiences, feelings, discomforts and shames. For a lot of high school, I feel like my experiences with girls were so coded in shame and confusion and fear. It wasn’t until I was able to have gay experiences with women who are really fucking proud to be gay that I had the freedom and the space to unlearn all of that heteronormativity and that socialization. As soon as you let go of that feeling it’s very much like a beautiful, sacred unraveling. Taking apart all these social constructs and realizing what exists underneath is just so pure and so infinite and expansive.” Her eyes alight with a kind of hazy euphoria, and with a contagious smile she says, “Yeaaaah... it’s been so awesome.”   PRADA dresses and boots, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI BY MARY KATRANTZOU earrings and ring. Queer women possess a sort of lez-bionic echolocation for one another. I have a psychic inkling that we are about to dish. And dish we do. We talk about our first on-screen girl crushes, the possible reboot of The L Word, the myth of scissoring: “If you see scissoring in a gay sex scene...nobody does that!” Seriously. We’ve all tried it once, but nobody does that. I bring up After Sex, a deep-cut of queer cinema that she mentioned in Wonderland. We reminisce about the unforgettable finger-licking scene between Zoe Saldana and Mila Kunis on the floor of a library. “Shooketh.” She shakes her head knowingly, “Yeah. Shooketh.” Smiling, she continues, “Probably when I was shaken again in the same way was when Blue is the Warmest Color came out. I remember showing it to all my friends at summer camp and they were all like ‘ew gross.’ Meanwhile my pussy is just fully wet!” I let out bark of laughter and we proceed to ruthlessly pick apart all the flaws in that seven minute sex scene.  Like an obnoxious queerudite, I present a quote by critical theorist Judith Butler: “Being ‘out’ always depends to some extent on being ‘in’; it gains its meaning only within that polarity. Hence, being ‘out’ must produce the closet again and again in order to maintain itself as ‘out.’” Stenberg mulls this over for a minute. She answers with an anecdote. A week ago, a friend asked her: “What does it feel like to be a gay woman who is straight passing?” Stenberg does an impression of her own consternation in that moment— “What is that concept? How am I straight passing? Is my energy not dykey enough for you to not clock me as gay? I’m still in the process of coming out where I’m really excited to claim that label because it feels very liberating. At the same time, I feel like I have to step into this box now of like, ‘ok what does it look like to be a gay woman?’” As she speaks I can see her mind working to answer the questions she is asking herself. “It has always existed in my queer relationships— there’s this fluidity—a give and take that is almost effortless. I don’t feel the need to go forward and place myself in a particular idea of what it is to be gay. Sometimes I’m like, ‘Okay now everybody knows i’m a big ol’ dyke! How do I have fun with this?’ Sometimes I’ll be on my little fuckboi swag and I’ll be like ‘Yeaaaah, this is the shit!”     SPORTMAX jacket, STELLA MCCARTNEY dress and pants, JIMMY CHOO shoes, LEIGH MILLER earrings, ERINESS multi-band ring, and ZOE CHICCO swirl ring. My phone buzzes with a text reminding me I’ve already gone fifteen minutes overtime. I need to return Stenberg to set. With that, she begins digging through her purse to find her own iPhone. She looks at me with a deadpan expression and lifts a copy of Patricia Highsmith’s The Price of Salt out of her bag. The cover is adorned with the movie poster from the Todd Haynes film Carol. “I hate that it’s the movie poster, I wanted the original cover. But don’t get me wrong—God bless Cate Blanchett.”  “God Bless Cate Blanchett.” With that benediction, we both sense a natural conclusion to our brief communion. Walking back to the office, the conversation I recorded sits like a six thousand word weight in my pocket. A transcript that feels almost sacrilegious to abridge as her words alone are more powerful than anything I can collage together. So God Bless Cate, but also God Bless Amandla. For being the authentic voice we need in this era, the 5’3”, 19-year-old we can all look up to.  Written by Andie Eisen Photographed by Chuck Grant Styled by Mui-Hai Chu Flaunt film directed by Logan Rice Hair: Vernon Francois Makeup: Carola Gonzalez Manicure: Stephanie Stone Producer: Sophie Kuller Photography Assistant: Thomas Patton Styling Assistant: Sara Stephanie Katarzyna The Next Issue: 20th Anniversary Volume Two Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Photos Courtesy of Louis Vuitton Louis Vuitton Tambour Horizon smartwatch is excited to launch City Game where users can explore the world on their wrist. Inspired by the City Guide books Louis Vuitton is known for, the game challenges you to pass through obstacles in order to get to the next level. Each level you reach, you unlock a new dial: London, Hong Kong, Shanghai, Tokyo and, finally, San Francisco. Who wouldn't want a cute mini Arclight shoe hopping on your wrist! Once you have traveled around the world, you can continue playing to maximize your score. In addition, the smartwatch released their new Moon collection with interchangeable straps to match any outfit you’re wearing. The straps come in a variety of fabrics and colors to suit you. With over thirty possibilities for men and women, the Tambour watch is a timeless fashion statement for the tech age. Written by Abby Siegel Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017        Woolrich has announced their new campaign for Fall/ Winter 2018, featuring none other than Ms. Lauryn Hill. The multitalented artist, musician, and designer worked alongside with the Woolrich brand and the creative direction of Framework as a part of the fashion campaign.  Ms. Lauryn Hill also happens to be celebrating the 20th anniversary of her iconic album, The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill as part of her musical tour set to travel the world in 2018. With this nostalgia in the air, photographer Jack Davidson brought Hill back to the same streets in Washington Heights where her 1998 "Doo Wop (That Thing)" music video was shot to use the area as the backdrop of the campaign photoshoot. With styling by Mel Ottenberg, the 'American Soul' stills present exclusive Woolrich outerwear including throwback styles such as a limited-edition Arctic parka that was first released in 1972 for Alaskan Pipeline workers. You can also catch Ms. Lauryn Hill in personalized coats complete with collages of herself and her album cover which were screen printed with text and embellishments. A portion of the campaign also includes Hill in a video performance of the song "Ex-factor." The video is accompanied by the artists own text reflecting on american soul and what it means to her.  Written by Louisa Solarz Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   “With my sunglasses on, I’m Jack Nicholson. Without them, I’m fat and 60.” — Jack Nicholson Sunglasses accessorize your identity. A Fear & Loathing costume without yellow aviators is just a Tommy Bahama outfit. Without the shades, Risky Business is just business casual. Who is Bootsy Collins without the stars? Lennon without the rounds? Lolita without the hearts? Sunglasses are a staple of cultural iconography. A persona you can adopt on a whim.  In our sunny City of Angels, sunglasses are mandatory. Not just for their practical uses (i.e. protecting from UV rays and paparazzi), but they enable effortless self-branding. DITA Eyewear understands this deep, interpersonal relationship that Angelenos have with their shades. DITA was created in 1995 by John Juniper and Jeff Solorio, two like-minded individuals who manifest their shared love of art and storytelling through their handcrafted line of couture eyewear. Their collection draws inspiration from the Golden Age of Hollywood, the “mechanized beauty of the Industrial Revolution,” creating an aesthetic of timeless modern elegance.  Flaunt introduces: “DITA. A Category of One,” a teaser video for their 2018 collection. DITA founder, John Juniper, elaborates, “The 'of ones' are a 21st century family, bonded not by blood but by their point of view. They are all standouts, and curious occupants of the same fictitious apartment building where they share moments, conversations, and glances in the building’s classic elevator... Together, they stand apart."   Written by Andie Eisen  DITA. CATEGORY OF ONE. Designed & Produced by Dita Eyewear Creative Direction: Dustin Edward ArnoldDirector: Dustin Edward Arnold, John JuniperProducer: John JuniperDP: Keith LemanCopywriter: Andrew SmartEditor: Evelyn & Gabriel DiazColorist: Asa FoxStyling: Caitlin BoelkeHair: Dennis Gots@ The Wall GroupMake-Up: Kali Kennedy @ Forward Artists Actors: Helene @ Photogenics, Veronika @ Photogenics, Turner @ Photogenics, Malinda Farrington, J.L. Forbis, Janae Bullock, Ima Djie, Louie Caceres, Shaina Lavine, Kai Cofer, Doc Hayes, Jason Champ, Jon Komp Shin,  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Multi-brand retailer Departamento has just opened the doors of their warehouse retail store in LA's arts district. The 3,000 sq ft space is the perfect spot to pick up pieces ranging from Loewe to Y/Project as well as a host of Japanese cult labels through this unique brick & mortar retail experience. The store, a project by Andrew Dryden and Joseph Quinones, is set up in a gallery format allowing customers to saunter around the space and discover what's there. This way of shopping pushes the boundaries in a similar way that the Departamento website does. Instead of a classical display of products, the brand choses to present their merchandise in an editorial format featuring the natural lighting of LA streets. The goal is to breach the gap between runway style and everyday wear while celebrating LA as the diverse cultural melting pot it is.  The opening event will be  hosted by Departamento at Café Société which will include an evening of music by 4THSEX, MAXV, and Paul T from 7-9 pm!  Departmento  1820 Industrial St. Suite 230 Los Angeles, CA 90021 Written by BJ Panda Bear Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017         Lady Lana Johnson Resident cool girl Lana Johnson is the brains and creativity behind Orseund Iris [OI], the online fashion phenomenon. The 26-year-old New Yorker built her platform throughout the years by conceptualizing effortlessly chic wear for her biggest inspiration: New York. Although the name itself, Orseund Iris, may have Nordic roots, the brand is based out of a lofted studio amidst the hip Williamsburg scene.  Johnson’s education at FIT [The Fashion Institute of Technology] helped to enrich her creative and developmental process, but her drive and aesthetic organically blossomed throughout the creation of OI. Dedicated to creating eccentric, one-of-a-kind pieces, Lana hones inspiration from vintage finds. Orseund gives homage to fashions of decades past with a twist of modernity –Lana’s way of course.  Unlike most brands, Johnson has chosen the non-conventional route with a “Non-Seasonal” approach. This decision carved her own path within the fashion industry, demonstrating Lana’s fascination with individuality at all levels. We sat down with Brooklyn’s favorite girl boss to learn more: How did the inception of Orseund Iris begin? I don’t believe there was any real starting point. To me, the inception was an array of particular baby steps that took place over time. I actively started the brand when my mamma told me it was time to stop ‘talking’ about it and to put things into action. We all have those things in our life that we talk about incessantly, but do nothing proactively to actually move it forward. Of course, more often than not, it is rooted in fear. At that time, I experimented with Etsy (surprise!) selling women's vintage while also freelancing. I was working on graphic design projects and art direction for fashion brands. I mostly focused on developing social media content. Honestly, I took on anything that would allow me the flexibility to work on my own schedule while giving me the freedom I needed to develop Orseund Iris. So, while juggling many hats, I saved up some beans to launch a proper collection. I emailed my first digital lookbook to everyone and anyone I knew. To be very transparent, it wasn't well received and the only responses were from my mother's friends. I believe one store (I won’t mention their name) emailed me to let me know they decided to pass on the collection. No one gave a damn! Honestly, why would they? There was no proof the line would sell. It bummed me out hardcore. Of course, it was discouraging, but I realized "why wait for these wholesale accounts to pick up the line?" That was the typical approach most young brands do. So, I decided to pivot, and relinquish the power. I made a deliberate decision to focus on building a social media following while only curating an exceptionally high-level aesthetic. I believe that this decision and my desire to switch to non-seasonal, (not launch via a traditional collection) while honing in on a style-by-style philosophy was what launched,  My  Orseund. The name of your brand is extremely unique. Where did it derive from and how does it reflect the clothing you design? The name derived from a design project I had to submit in college. We had to name our gal. I was inspired by old Nordic names. I wanted something so rare that it didn't even exist. I thought it would be sick to combine two names with the purpose of having the pronunciation be obscure and a bit eccentric. There is a bridge in Sweden named the Øresund Bridge, but no correlation! Describe your creative process. I’m heavily influenced by vintage. I thrift as often as I can. I derive a lot of inspiration from referencing silhouettes and styles from the past. In college, in the fashion design program, they loved to force the concept of drawing as a means to design and a specific formula and method for designing. I was envious of other students that had these incredibly inspiring journals, with beautiful sketches with swatches of fabric pouring out. I fought that for a while, it wasn't me, too formulaic, too structured. I stir up a lot of designs while I’m walking or biking around Brooklyn. Once I solidify a design and really feel to my core that it's a "must have", I make a very simple and "to the point" sketch. From there, I mock it up in Illustrator add some specs. I take it to my factory in the city, which feels like family at this point, and they drape and mock up the first sample. I feel forever grateful to have such a beautiful and true relationship with my factory. They bring life to my illustrations while fabricating the designs to precisely what I envisioned. This part feels close to Christmas morning. Night Out Top Champagne Many of the blouses you create are Victorian-esque. Is this a decade that inspires your work? Absolutely. There's something so pure and poetic about the Victorian Era. I love the femininity. The exaggeration. The drama and insane detail. That feeling you feel when you wear one of our pieces, you just feel like the prettiest gal in the room, ever so ladylike. Almost angelic. I also love pairing a piece like the Victorian  with classic vintage blue jeans. The juxtaposition of dressing up, yet making it street, seems so right to me. What other time periods inspire your creative energy? All different periods. Matching sets from the ‘60s! Flare pants and suiting from the 70’s. The music, the energy as well. An overall embodiment of that 70s really. The irreverent. Robert Plant, David Bowie, Neil Young. I could go on and on. It's the feeling. When you take pieces from different decades and modernize it while putting your spin on it, there will always be this nostalgic feeling that resonates. Describe the OI team and your work environment. My girls! It’s been too much fun. The goal is to grow the brand organically while onboarding only fierce, strong and hardworking individuals. Down to earth people, who get it, plain and simple. Who know how to work hard. The team at this stage is small. We have Lady Lauren, Lyn, and myself Lana ;-) and an incredible team of interns. The environment is collaborative. Everyone gets their hands dirty and no job is too small. We play dress up in the studio. The music is loud. We’re busy as hell. It’s fantastic. As the corset trend took off, you approached it from a deconstructive and original standpoint. How did you conceptualize this idea? I loved the idea of really flipping the concept of undergarments on its head. A garment originally meant to be hidden. As a strong woman myself, I love playing with sexuality and the female form. The corset was intended to be a basic, a staple in a women's closet. What excited me was the infinite layering possibilities that comes with it. It’s been a bestseller for us. I do plan on redesigning new versions, a corset 2.0! Cha Cha Set What idea are you most proud of bringing to fruition? That's a difficult one. I feel like each design to me is so satisfying in its own way and I am proud of each style for a different reason! I love the  Cha Cha Set, each one is individual when sewn, not one top or skirt is like the other. The creation of the delicate ruching is truly organic and one of a kind. Personally, I wear the  Workwear Jumpsuit the most. It fits into my run and gun lifestyle. The Victorian came to me in a dream - a Sound of Music meets Parisian picnic dream. However, if I were to pick one style, I think the  Off Shoulder Knit with the exposed bra wires really put Orseund on the map, and that I’m forever grateful for. That was the first time I really exercised my design abilities and it gave me a real confirmation to trust my gut and intuition. If you could dress anyone in OI, living or deceased, who would it be and why? My goal is to dress Zoe Kravitz. I would have loved to dress Mick Jagger or David Bowie in their prime. A custom piece for Cher would be legendary. Dressing a musician or artist, someone that radiates individuality. The originals of our time. In years to come, how do you envision the growth of Orseund Iris? One thing I know for sure is how crucial it is for us to grow organically and to stay true to our character. The core of that is designing and producing eclectic, special, one of a kind pieces. I never ever want to be in the position to design just to push sales. The vision for the future is to create a digital experience unlike anything else online that includes non-seasonal styles that have a strong community following with the most tasteful content and stories focused on moving image and film. To stay true. To see more Orseund Iris click here. Interview conducted and written by Morgan Vickery Photographed by Lyn Hersh Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      OUR LEGACY shirt, CITIZENS OF HUMANITY jeans and ACNE STUDIOS boots. STILL BY HAND shirt and ENGINEERED GARMENTS vest. OUR LEGACY shirt, STILL BY HAND t-shirt, CITIZENS OF HUMANITY jeans and ACNE STUDIOS boots. A.P.C. shirt and jeans, SHINOLA watch and VINTAGE bracelet. Photographed by Christina Stoever @xtina_stoever Styled by Sam Kremke Model: @fratboysuperstar Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017            Photos Courtesy of Jonathan Simkhai Congratulations are in order for Jonathon Simkhai, as he has opened a new retail store and brand headquarters in the heart of West Hollywood. The founder and creative director himself attended the grand opening with a large roster of celebrity attendees including: Gillian Jacobs, Rumer Willis, Caroline Vreeland, Soko, Lucy Hale, Brittany Snow, and plenty more! Everyone enjoyed a plethora of craft cocktails and danced to tunes provided by DJ Nikki Pennie. The new location will act as a retail store, design atelier, and an executive office.  Written by Allyson Borunda Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    DIOR HOMME coat and turtleneck.  SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO shirt and jacket.  PRADA jacket and shorts and WESTWARD LEANING sunglasses.  FENDI coat.  FENDI coat.  FENDI coat.  FENDI coat.   “I like a good basketball game, except when the Warriors are playing. It stresses me out to such an extreme level.” I’m talking to 21st century Renaissance man Daveed Diggs, one day after his Golden State Warriors took a commanding 2-0 lead in the 2018 NBA Finals. Diggs can relax—he’s earned it—but relaxation doesn’t come easy for a man with so much on the stove.  Since landing both a Tony and a Grammy for his featured roles as Thomas Jefferson and Marquis de Lafayette in Hamilton, Diggs has covered more ground than Draymond Green in the Warrior’s defensive scheme. He’s notched recurring roles on both The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt and Black-ish. He has future credits on Dan Gilroy’s Velvet Buzzsaw and TNT’s adaptation of Bong Joon-Ho’s Snowpiercer. He writes rhymes for a handful of hip-hop troupes, including the Sub Pop- signed clipping. He even teaches a verse seminar, entitled BARS, with Blindspotting co-star and screenwriter Rafael Casal.  I expect Diggs to appreciate witty cultural crossover as much as the next dude, but I’m surprised by the extent of his Oakland fandom. Throughout our hour-long conversation, the 36-year-old reps team and town like a proud parent, although neither now resemble the touchstones of his youth. The Warriors—like the Oakland depicted in Diggs’ screenwriting debut Blindspotting—have a complicated relationship with neighboring Silicon Valley and its notions of progress. On the one hand, the team’s beautiful brand of basketball ballet has put it on the verge of its third title in four years; on the other, the cheapest seat for Game 2 was $1200, a figure few native Oaklanders can manage.  PRADA coat, shorts, and shoes and WESTWARD LEANING sunglasses. Then there’s this: after 40 seasons of Oakland underscoring the arena’s title line, corporate tech giant Oracle purchased the rights to the Warriors home court in 2006. The team will play at the Oracle for one more season then move to the Chase Center in San Francisco’s Mission District. “It’s certainly symbolic of a thing that Oakland held very dear that is now disappearing,” Diggs says.  But rather than wallow in the loss, Diggs is doubling down on his town with Blindspotting, which portrays an Oakland fighting to preserve the old while coming to terms with the new. The film follows Diggs’ character, Colin, during his final three days of probation. He and his white, troublemaking best friend Miles (Casal) work as movers, and when Colin witnesses a white police officer gun down a black man in the street, the two men are forced to grapple with their differing identities in the rapidly-gentrifying neighborhood in which they grew up.  Like Spike Lee’s Do the Right Thing, Blindspotting smothers its setting in jazzy, digressive details that, taken together, paint a rich portrait of a neighborhood in transition. There’s the shapeless block nuzzled between two Victorians. There’s the Oakland tattoo Miles shares with some fuckboy. There’s Kwik Way, which now serves and caters veggie burgers. There’s the $10 green juice. There’s the gun—introduced in the first act, only to be frequently brandished in the third.  For a film charged with chaotic fits of verse and soliloquy, Blindspotting avoids becoming a finger-wagging sermon on the future ills of white-washed gentrification. Instead, these symbols situate themselves in the past, and it’s evident that my serpentine conversation with Diggs must also head there if I’m to fully appreciate how he developed such a unique, evenhanded perspective.  * * * * LOUIS VUITTON coat, top, t-shirt, shorts, leggings and shoes. Born and raised on 44th and MLK, Diggs has certainly taken a circuitous path to end up writing a screenplay centered in his hometown. His mother, who’s Jewish, and his father, who’s African- American, both encouraged their son’s endeavors, even though the two separated when Diggs was young. During his Tony acceptance speech, Diggs recounted a memory from preschool in which he and his father performed a gymnastics routine—wearing matching rainbow tights—in lieu of the class’ production.  The lesson, Diggs told the audience, was: “One, my mom gave me permission to do something that everyone else wasn’t doing, and two, my dad supported me and made it possible.”  While attending Berkeley High School, Diggs continued to write his own script. He doubled as a student athlete, setting a still-standing school record in the high hurdles while simultaneously anchoring the school’s slam poetry program. Berkeley was also where Diggs met Casal. The two quickly formed a friendship based on a shared interest in verse, specifically the Bay’s hyphy movement, which was still strengthening a decade into its formation.  “I’ve been hanging with E-40 a lot,” says Diggs. It’s the one time Diggs’ fronts his fame all afternoon, even though the Hamilton cast performed several numbers for the Obamas at the White House. “Imagine being able to write a song with your all-time favorite rapper. It’s pretty crazy, probably my favorite thing I’ve been able to do.” But it wasn’t always peaches. After Berkeley, Diggs attended Brown as a theater major, graduating in 2004 with few job prospects. He moved to New York, where he slept on subway cars, auditioned for off- broadway gigs, and tried to make his $100 in unemployment benefits last the week. It didn’t, and after moving back to Oakland, Diggs started working as a substitute teacher.  In hindsight, these thin years proved integral to Diggs’ development. They afforded him time to perfect his crafts—as both an actor and hip-hop artist—away from the limelight.  I ask him if there was ever a point when he thought about giving up the dream. “You know—make it straight, go get an MBA?”  Diggs is a minuteman, armed with responses for questions he’s answered a zillion times, but this one gets him thinking.  “The longer you commit to being an artist, it turns out the fewer skills you develop. I imagine that working a cash register would have been very hard for me... But honestly, your financial situation doesn’t ultimately determine your happiness, so you might as well just do something you like.”  * * * * LOUIS VUITTON coat, top, t-shirt, shorts, leggings and shoes. “I only met Lin because of a clerical error,” answers Diggs, when we make it to Hamilton. The fairytale: fresh off a tour with his experimental rap trio clipping., Diggs was phoned into the same assignment as another substitute teacher. A fellow freestyler, the sub also happened to be friends with Hamilton-mastermind Lin-Manuel Miranda. After a few hangouts, Miranda pitched Hamilton to Diggs, who—after initially expressing resistance to the idea of a rap musical about Founding Father Alexander Hamilton (go figure)—joined on.  Nearly 700 Broadway performances and a treasure chest of awards later, it would be insufficient to characterize Diggs’ dual roles in the musical as a “big break.” Hamilton provided Diggs with the unlikely opportunity to develop his dual passions for verse and acting concurrently. On the number “Guns and Ships,” Diggs raps 19 words in three seconds, a Broadway record and a perfect encapsulation of the Adderall-addled Andre-3000-esque delivery that has become his hallmark.  With his acting acumen likewise cemented by Hamilton, Diggs has since landed a number of roles on the big screen. The roster of A-listers with whom he shares screen time continues to grow, but already includes Julia Roberts, Rene Russo, Jeff Goldblum, and even John Malkovich.  “I can’t talk about it yet,” says Diggs, “but there’s a scene with John in Velvet Buzzsaw that’s probably my favorite acting thing I’ve ever done.”  As made clear by the breakneck pace forged in the wake of his Hamilton career, Diggs has no interest in riding on the production’s coattails. He does, however, freely admit one bit of nostalgia. “Lin said this to me early-on: When you are a unicorn, you go through life looking for other unicorns. Then, when you find one, you need to latch on to that person.”  * * * * LOUIS VUITTON coat, top, t-shirt, shorts, leggings and shoes. In Rafael Casal, Diggs has certainly found a fellow creature of legend. A verse virtuoso in his own right (see: HBO’s Def Poetry Jam), Casal developed Blindspotting with Diggs over nine years, mostly while commuting between Los Angeles and the Bay. And while Diggs indicates that the two were mostly “acting like they knew how to write a movie,” Blindspotting uses its 95-minute runtime to introduce enough talking points for a franchise of films.  Spoilers suck, but I want to mention a few of these talking points. The first: Colin and Miles are sent to move the belongings of a middle-aged photographer, played by Wayne Knight from Seinfeld and Jurassic Park. The photographer, named Patrick, takes photos of Oak trees and superimposes them in places where they used to grow in the city. An Oakland lifer, Patrick laundry-lists the impacts of gentrification. Then he encourages the two men to drop their frames, walk towards each other, and stare. The camera focuses in on their expressions, the face of a black man, and white man, inches apart. They stand this way for about 30 seconds, before breaking out into laughter, at the expense of what they perceive to be Patrick’s new-age nonsense.  When I ask Diggs’ about the airtight scene, he has much to offer. “The scene acts like the film’s thesis. For the first time, we see somebody (Patrick) experiencing palpable despair for what’s happening to Oakland. Then we also have the intersection of race and masculinity... The only socially accepted modes of expression for men are anger and humor. We have two lifelong friends, of different races, who can’t experience an intimate moment without deflating it with laughter.”  Spoiler #2: “We took over the neighborhood liquor store on one of the first days of shooting... We’re on the street, and this white dude in hoop shorts, sandals, and tattoos is shouting into his phone, “Goddamn gentrification on a whole other level.”  Because gentrification is often painted as a black (or brown) versus white issue, Miles’ vantage point is one rarely given its due. For decades, Oakland was home to many white, lower-middle-class inhabitants. In fact, rising rents pushed not only Diggs’ black father out of town, but also his white mother.  “Every city we go, somebody is like, ‘I know a Miles,’” Diggs says when I ask him to discuss the reasoning behind the portrayal of Miles.  “You have to imagine Miles got beat up everyday for being the only white kid, so he’s built this identity on being from the neighborhood. It’s very threatening for somebody to take that away from him. Even if he doesn’t experience the same physical distress as Colin, Miles pretty much feels everything else, perhaps even more acutely.”  * * * * DIOR HOMME coat, turtleneck, pants and shoes. We often forget that navigating our Rorschach blot of culture is a complicated, often visceral undertaking not only for those who hang on to its margins, but also for those on its center page. It’s a tall task, grappling with race relations, gentrification, identity, police brutality and more, all in a tidy 95 minutes. But the creators of Blindspotting aren’t trying to tell you what to think. They make only one suggestion: Look deeper.  “When you move to a new place, you have the opportunity to either acknowledge and become part of the community already there, or to pretend it doesn’t exist. That’s the choice that people have to make on their own, but of course when it’s far enough along that you can’t even recognize the culture that was there before, well, that’s a problem.”  * * * * If there’s one difficulty in writing a feature on Diggs, it’s determining what to omit. There are enough musical projects, shows in production, and socially-conscious endeavors to fill this magazine cover to cover.  He’s a person with as many enviable talents as, say, the Golden State Warriors.  Still, as I sweat to present what’s past, now, and next for Daveed Diggs, I can’t help but feel like I’m missing something. The effect mirrors what Janina Galvankar’s character in the new film, Val, terms “blindspotting”—the idea that you can see one thing while missing something else that is a crucial part of the picture.  “You know, even though we’re losing both the Raiders and Warriors,” Diggs says as we wrap up our conversation, “I’m stoked. I can’t wait to catch some A’s games in their new stadium. I hear it’s going to be a beautiful park.”  Written by Jonathan Lipshin Photographed by Alexei Hay Styled by John Tan Grooming by Jillian Halouska Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017         Helmut Lang’s latest collaboration with British conceptual artist Jeremy Deller launches today, July 25th featuring three hoodies in varying shades of pantone pink. Deller, known for his video and installation work has adopted the color pink in his personal life and art practice - making him an interesting choice for collaboration. Yet, his work often is collaborative as a means to devalue institutional standards and the artistic ego. Hidden inside the hoodies are specially designed patches inspired by some of his favorite artworks, exploring the idea of public and private. The collaboration is extended to the wearer who is tasked at carrying out this vision, either choosing to fully expose the graphics or keep them secret. To compliment the launch of the capsule, Deller teamed up with videography collective BRTHR to showcase the hoodies in a highly stylized and punchy video.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   CALVIN KLEIN UNDERWEAR Tank Top, Printed Artwork: Andy Warhol, Torso, 1977©/®/TM The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc. Calvin Klein Underwear and Andy Warhol have just revealed a special capsule launch that celebrates the human form printed on classic Calvin Klein Underwear styles. The capsule is titled Andy Warhol: Exposures, ’77-’85 and will feature four photo prints from Warhol’s collection on various items of Calvin Klein clothing: men’s and women’s tee-shirts, tank tops, trunks, boxer briefs, bralettes, bikinis and boy shorts. For the first time, the iconic Calvin Klein waistband will feature both brands Calvin Klein and Andy Warhol together. CALVIN KLEIN UNDERWEAR S/S Crewneck, Printed Artwork: Andy Warhol, Torso, 1977©/®/TM The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc. CALVIN KLEIN UNDERWEAR Racerback Bralette, Printed Artwork: Andy Warhol, Torso, 1977 ©/®/TM The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc. CALVIN KLEIN UNDERWEAR Bikini, Printed Artwork: Andy Warhol, Torso, 1977 ©/®/TM The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts Inc. The subjects of the film exposures were shot between 1977 and 1985 in New York City. Subjects include Italian magazine editor Daniela Morera as well as anonymous male figures of the trademark city. Shop the full assortment at calvinklein.com. Written By: Allyson Borunda Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The summer keeps coming, and as the world gets somewhat closer to a respite from the heat wave, maybe we all can get over the need to be summertime nude and toss on a little drapy something-something when we disco or dine al fresco. The kimono is the summertime trench coat and a perfect garment when you want to toss on a statement look 30 seconds before your Uber arrives. LA locals Mike Vargas and Darwin Serink have mastered the cut and shape of the kimono to bring you their line, Pour Les Gens. The duo used their backgrounds in PR and cinema to make a collection of urban ready kimonos. The brand also offers customization with locally sourced fabrics. Written by: BJ Panda Bear Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                  We recently went over to the Calvin Klein 205W39NYC showrooms to check out the Resort 2019 collection. The extremely colorful pieces have strong big Americana inspiration: college sports inspo with letterman jackets and collegiate gear for Yale and Berkley. There is also a lot of inspiration drawn from firefighter gear a great continuation of falls coats and boots. Scattered in are tie-dyed fabrics, neoprene materials, and bold accessories. Written and Photographed by Morgan Vickery Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   This week we were blessed with two new music videos featuring notable celebrity co-stars. Chris Pine made an appearance in the video for "White Ocean" by The Ivy Walls, and Olivia Holt in the video for her collaboration with DJ Martin Jensen on the track "16 Steps". These got us reminiscing about some of our favorite celebrity cameos in the music video world. Here are some standouts: 1. A young Chloe Sevigny in Sonic Youth's video for "Sugar Kane": 2. Some of our favorite boys in Charli XCX's "Boys" video: 3. The amazing Serena Williams dancing in Beyonce's "Sorry" video, from her visual album, Lemonade: 4. Kate Moss starring in the stunning Sofia Coppola-directed music video for The White Stripes' cover of "I Just Don't Know What To Do With Myself" by Dusty Springfield: 5. Still not over Teyana Taylor stealing the show in the video for Kanye West's banger, "Fade": 6. Last but not least, we can't forget Evan Rachel Wood in the music video that made everyone cry in the early 2000's, Green Day's "Wake Me Up When September Ends": Written by Hailey Ruffner Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   In a world where streetwear has taken over high-end fashion, it comes as no surprise that J.W. Anderson and Converse have gained a devoted following for their collaboration. Now on the third drop of the classic Chuck 70. The shoe is a juxtaposition of masculinity and femininity, combining culture and style. It will be available today in red, white and blue in the J.W. Anderson lettering pattern. Grab yours here. Written by: James McClune Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   This summer’s heat wave has us thinking about lounging by the pool all day. To keep you cool this summer, eBay for Charity is auctioning off a one-of-a-kind signed Cindy Sherman pool float. EBay shoppers can bid on the item from July 19th – 29th with 100 percent of the proceeds going to +POOL, a nonprofit movement to bring a self-filtering pool to New York City. In collaboration with eBay’s new store, Third Drawer Down, the pool float bid starts at .99 cents. The 5.5-foot, metallic silver float also comes with a personalized tile that will be installed at the pool, a Cindy Sherman printed canvas tote bag with her moto “I’d Rather be Swimming”, and the chance to be the first to test the waters when the pool opens. EBay shoppers can also buy an unsigned version of the float for $250, which comes in a printed swim bag as well. Sherman, who is known for creating art based on the idea of breaking society’s beauty and culture standards, decided to feature a portrait on the other side of the float that was accidentally crafted when two of her portraits merged together. Art lovers and city swimmers alike should definitely have their wallets open when the bidding starts at 9 AM Pacific time. Through filtering river water into clean, chemical-free water, +POOL hopes to provide a safe swimming space for the city. +POOL aims to create a recreational resource of New Yorkers, while informing the public on water quality issues. Cindy Sherman has been supporting +POOL since 2016 and you can too by visiting pluspool.org.   Get your bids in here. Written by Abby Siegel Written by Abby Siegel Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Though the stars may be preparing to dump the bratty Cancer and rise into Leo, you know this bitch isn't going to give up their reign on the astrological calendar without a fight. Whether they're compulsively outshining others at the afterparty or trying to get you to notice their statement accessories, rest assured the Cancers know no end to attention seeking, and they do it quite well.   Mint Swim suit: A lounging cancer will need to take a dip every once in a while at whichever pools a mansion has to offer. Just keep in mind the right temperature is a must, too cool and your Cancer might retreat, too warm and your Cancer will rather dry up and hunt down a margarita. Often times basking in perfect selfie lighting is all a pool's worth. Philipp Plein studded boots: A pair of stiletto heeled studded ankle booties are the easiest way one can say sexy but very dangerous. This pair sums up the cancers identity best with its sleek design and many painful points.  Calvin Klein 205W39NYC fireman boots:  The thigh high excellence keeps a Cancer covered and guarded while allowing them to stomp and impose at any fashionable happening. The reality about rocking these boots are that it will be the center piece of a skimpy outfit and that skimpy outfit will probably be taken off by the end of the night at the sight of pool.  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello necklace: Once they've actually taken off the boots, dipped in the pool and continues to complain about the lack of sashimi at 3 am, how else can a Cancer keep warm other than a scarf made of silver? They'll take form before function. Nothing like exiting a skinny dipping session at Chateau with this necklace keeping you tres chic.  Calvin Klein gloves: The paradoxical nature of Cancers are always going to defeat them. They will give a new acquaintance a hug and a kiss but a handshake might set them off. Fortunately a pair of statement gloves are a must and can accentuate the cancerian's touchy feely habits to a extended chicer levels.  Written by BJ Panda Bear @BJPandaBear Photographed by Jim Turner @JimJTurner   Art Direction by Aitor Saumell @AitorSaumell   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Kailee Mann and Avery Ginsberg are two YouTube turned fashion designers with a love for diverse cultures and immersive experiences. The couple has been active in the online community for years and more recently started a clothing line, STAATSBALLETT. After recently graduating from college, the two set out on a European adventure to find a new home base for the brand. While their first collection was based out of New York, they hope to find a new home in a new city to immerse themselves in a foreign lifestyle. The duo hopes to create clothing that is worthwhile; something to last in our increasingly temporary world. And maybe even outlast them. While searching for a permanent location in cities like Copenhagen, Berlin, Antwerp, Paris, Bucharest, Warsaw, and now, Omiš, their next project for STAATSBALLETT will be an SS19 campaign. We asked Kailee and Avery to take us along on their weekend journey in Omiš, Croatia: FRIDAY Morning swim. Found ourselves spending the first half of our day at the beach and the rest at work. Also, we’ve been enjoying taking a break by experimenting w/ our cooking! Avery broke his backlight just before leaving this trip! We almost always use Airbnb but this time its “an Airbnb w/ an HDMI-able screen.” Urging him to get it fixed in London next week ;) Our balcony’s view. Every one of our meals is eaten out here; that’s just another reason to save money and cook at home! SATURDAY Pale kids get a tan for the first time!! Our fridge froze my beach snack :( After leaving my book at our last spot- and now that Kailee has read Touching from a Distance twice, it’s my turn! Getting closer to our next body of work for STAATSBALLETT. SUNDAY We’re addicted to muesli. Hike along the Cetina River. Old town. Always always have our notebooks. Croatia and the World Cup. Click here to see more from Kailee and Avery. To learn more about their brand, STAATSBALLETT, click here. Written by Morgan Vickery Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Redesigned by architect Peter Marino, the brand new Costa Mesa South Coast Plaza Louis Vuitton store opened on July 11th. Along with recreating the interior of the store was expansion, and Southern California is the home to the largest single-level Louis Vuitton retail store in the Americas. I would have assumed that we already had the largest LV store in the country, however, Las Vegas's store, despite not having a singular floor as large as the Costa Mesa one, has three stories and is still the overall largest store.  Either way, Peter Marino's touches have now made this store an artistic attraction. Marino believes artwork is an integral aspect of the design process and has incorporated a number of pieces from top talents, Damien Hirst, Peter Dayton and Farhad Moshiri in the store along with a number of other unique design pieces that encompass Southern California's culture and Louis Vuitton's French history and craftsmanship.  Also featured in the Costa Mesa South Coast Plaza store are the Objects Nomades, Louis Vuitton's collection of travel and home objects. At the opening, the Campana Brothers Sensuous Cocoon chair and Bomboca Sofa will be accompanied by Raw Edges Concertina foldable tables and chairs.  Written by James McClune Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017        Images via Giana's Instagram - @g.von.g Talk about an early start .. Dear Giana is a 9 year-old model, stylist, artist, and all-around fashion enthusiast. Recognized as a (miniature) Hypebae, Giana finds inspiration through her mom's old Vogue and Harper's Bazaar fashion magazines. She regularly scans through fashion ads and recreates them using different art supplies.    Her following is growing, as her mom manages her social media accounts and posts photos of her flexing the trendiest (and smallest) fits. But perhaps her latest stunt is most impressive. Using her simple art supplies, usually paper and markers, Giana recreates designer handbags and other products.  Fashion Mamas are hosting Lil G's pop-up art show on Saturday, July 14th at The ROW in Downtown LA. From 10-4pm, she will be displaying her artwork and premiering some new pieces. Written by: Taylor Donley Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Here at Flaunt, we always keep our eyes open for cool new faces on Instagram. We are currently obsessed with these Instagram-ers. Here's who we think you should be stalking and why you should follow them.   Instagram handle: @fnnngn Finn is not only a model but an extremely talented artist. His grunge art can be found on sweaters, shoes, and paintings. Follow Finn to see his latest art pieces. Check out his website to see more of his art, https://www.finnbrrtt.com/.   Instagram handle: @lefthandla    Left Hand LA is a Los Angeles based clothing company. The company consists of repurposed garments that have born worn by Rihanna and Swae Lee. Follow Left Hand LA to see their latest fits. To shop the looks check out the website, https://lefthandla.com/.   Instagram handle: @drielycarter   Driely S. has photographed high profiles like Alexander Wang, Pharrell Williams, Off-White, and Yeezy. Her grid is impeccably curated with her content in posts of three.  Utilizes multi-media gives fresh perspective Follow Driely to see her latest projects. Check out her work on her website, http://drielys.com.   Instagram handle: @4locrow   Lauren Crow is photographer who will broaden your perception of beauty and sexuality. Challenging the mainstream media with spot lighting sexuality with diverse body types. Follow them to expand your vision of sexuality. To see all of see all of their photography, https://www.laurencrowphoto.com.   Instagram handle: @thecolorcandice Candice Molyaem is a producer, art director, and photographer. Her use of color is immaculate and lives up to her insta-namesake. Follow @thecolorcandice to add her technicolor, art-pop photos to your feed. To see her work you can visit her page, https://www.thecolorcandice.com/. Written by Collin Schreiber Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Courtesy of Hermès The National Art Center, Tokyo (NACT) is a 14,000 square meter Art Facility, one of the largest in Japan, focusing on serving as a venue for innovative art exhibitions. Until July 30th, Hermès in collaboration with NACT will hold an exhibition, Avec Elle centered on the concept of the modern woman presented in their Autumn/Winter 2018 collection. Courtesy of Hermès Avec Elle will afford attendees the opportunity to “share the writer’s perspective, look through the film-maker’s lens, and see with an actor’s eyes” as the follow a writer pursuing the elusive HER. The venue has transformed into an immersive space conceptualized by Women’s Universe Artist Director, Bali Barret, and designed by French filmmaker and exhibition curator Laure Flammarion allowing visitors explore as cinema and its illusions take us on a journey. Courtesy of Hermès Avec Elle will be open be from July 11th - July 30th at The National Art Center, Tokyo. Find more information here. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Courtesy of The Artist After the success of his Fifty Shades Freed soundtrack single “Sacrifice” featuring Jessie Reyez, Black Atlass has been teasing his latest project Pain & Pleasure through a heavily stylized and cinematic campaign on Instagram. After all the hype and nearly a million streams on his lead single - the highly anticipated Pain & Pleasure album releases today, July 12th. The opening track “Something Real” starts at a falsetto “If I can be something, I won’t be yours” swerving in and out of simp with sparse production and forward moving synths as he croons the invitation,“Baby let’s take a ride.”  The album includes eight tracks that matches the cinematic quality of the his cover art and album imagery alluding to neon glows and fast drives past highway signs the likes of which 2011’s Drive and 2017’s Baby Driver would envy. Songs like “Fantasy” and “If Only They Knew” pick up where The Weeknd’s Kiss Land and Halsey’s Badlands  left off with their subtle trap beats and glitchy production leading to the furthering of a neo-futurist sexual landscape in R&B and Pop music in general.  Courtesy of The Artist Black Atlass has come along way from producing hits in his bedroom in Canada to signing with The Weeknd’s label under Republic, “XO”. He’s become a multi-hyphenate, not only embraced by his musical peers but fashion houses alike. His music has been featured in ad campaigns and on runways for Louis Vuitton and Saint Laurent. He has even found himself appearing alongside Kylie Jenner and Vince Staples in an Alexander Wang campaign. He continues to produce and approach his music from the angle of “What would my favorite film directors do?” Black Atlass stands poised to bring R&B to another dimension in 2018 with Pain & Pleasure and invites us to come along for the ride. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Rhuigi Villasenor was only a teen, part of a crew of hedonistic club kids from the Valley, when I first met him in the late 2000s. With time as this creative group of trouble makers ventured into music and fine art he too taped into his creativity launching his line Rhude. With a well received collection of broken in denim, t-shirts and sweats, he became one of the more entrepreneurial of his contemporaries. His next venture is a highly coveted pop up at Maxfield. We caught him mid construction to see whats up.  How did this pop up with maxfield get started?Wanted to have a space to capture the moment we’re having right but really a destination to set the tone for what a RHUDE pop or store would look like. Bring the community together and I feel that there’s this strong energy coming from LA and my colleagues—- being the youngest i wanted to be the glue to that.How are you curating the space?Clothes are kind of like drugs and let’s just say we’re playing along that theme. Showing furniture fine art but most importantly  focusing on clothes What aesthetic voice are you moving towards?Midwest chic. I guess I’ve been thinking a lot about what luxury is to kids now and I’m tryna define that but also using my sort of rugged vintage aesthetic . What is your next move?Footwear. And adding other divisions that make sense to our message and who our audience is. Who else are you collabing  with? Guess we’ll have to wait and see. Some exciting things.  Rhude at Maxfield is open from July 12-July 22, 2018 Written by BJ Panda Bear Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Imagery by Max Stürmer Sitting down with the Nigerian-blooded, Chicago-born, twin-brother duo of Taiwo and Kehinde Hassan - we learned about the minds behind the brand and entity “Christian Rich”. Currently living in Berlin, the brothers start their day off by getting breakfast at either Soho House or a cafe local to their building, where their apartments are literally next door to each other. "We talk about business like 80% of the day, in the middle of the night, at a club, out of town, when we're not around each other; it’s our everyday lives". Controlling most of their finances and management themselves, Christian Rich practically runs as a two-man-team. The name may not sound too familiar, but if you’ve listened to Jaden Smith’s new single “GHOST”, Earl Sweatshirt’s “Chum”, or Drake’s infamous “Pound Cake”, then you’ve definitely heard Christian Rich. They have contributed to four #1 albums, worked alongside the likes of J. Cole, and have been mentored by none other than N.E.R.D’s Pharell  - however, they don’t mind staying under the radar.  “We don’t want fame necessarily - we just want to be known for what we do.”  I had a few questions for the two, who left me with some pretty great advice. Do you think living in Chicago helped open your eyes to music and fashion? I love Chicago, but it wasn’t the best influence for us, in the 90’s especially, to learn music and fashion. Right away we were looking for New York and west coast music - Dr. Dre was a big influence, Das EFX, people like that. Style-wise, when baggy clothes were in style, Chicago was on it. We had Cross Colors, Maurice Malone, Mecca, Girbauds... we wore things like that. But as fashion progressed, people kind of stayed in that era. You had to look at New York, Paris if you knew about it, LA wasn’t even influenced like that for fashion.    In the states, how much time did you spend in LA? Was that your biggest influence, on fashion and music, up to now? No, New York was the biggest. We moved to New York when were 21 - it was the biggest influence on fashion. That was back in different times but that’s when we started learning about maharishi and Bathing Ape, all the streetwear. It wasn’t even called streetwear back then, they were independent brands. Old school stuff - aNYthing, so many brands back then.. 10 Deep, Lemar and Dauley, Supreme, that was New York. There was a store called Wish that had it all. Lemar and Dauley ended up designing a few mixtape covers for us and we became really good partners. The song “Famous Girl” really launched us as individual artists; Lemar and Dauley designed the cover. So the streetwear we discovered is directly related to how we discovered fashion in New York, and then it went to our music and artwork .. those kinds of collaborations.   So you guys were into fashion before you were into music?  Yeah, Christian Rich was the name of our fashion label back in 2003. We made little t-shirts and stuff. We had various names for our artist name and production name. In 2005 we came up with the idea to name everything Christian Rich because you don’t have time to decipher between different brands - let’s just brand one thing and make it easy. We got the idea from Nigo and Bathing Ape.   SS14 and FW14, were those fashion references? Absolutely. At the time, I don’t think we’d ever even been to a fashion show. People would tell us, without knowing who we were, “Oh your name sounds like a fashion brand”, so we just played along with that. I think that’s how we did our first collaboration with L.G.R, the sunglasses company.   Do you guys have a lot coming fashion-wise? Is that why you’re in Berlin? Yes and no. We came out here to relax a bit. The industry in LA just has too much going on and we wanted space to create more. Fashion-wise, we wanted to come out here to be closer to factories in Europe and have access to better quality products. Being here, it’s easy to go to Lisbon, London, Paris, Africa, Spain.. It helps to be on this side creating and being inspired by different cultures when you’re from America. Have you ever been to Japan? The GHOST video had so much culture behind it. No, we haven’t. When they did the video Jaden was on tour in Tokyo, and his label manager texted us and said they were casting for the video. They described the treatment of the video and we were like “Oh, that’s crazy”. We didn’t know the video was done until we were in Budapest a couple weeks ago. We were in Budapest with his dad and [Will] came in and showed us the video. We were like “Oh shit, the video’s done?!” The director did such a good job, it looks like it was super planned. While he was on tour he was just able to do a video. That just shows the skill of all of them, how organic it all looks. I think it’s one of the best videos of the year.   You said you had a new album on the way? Yes, Jaden’s song kind of launched our next record, our next LP. We’re working on that right now.   We then spoke more in-depth about GHOST: Going backwards.. GHOST is originally a Christian Rich song. The way that song happened, we were already working on our album and we sent the beat out to Vic Mensa, Vince Staples, and Jaden Smith - hoping that each person would give us a verse and we’d have all three on the song - but then Vic Mensa hit back mad late, never heard anything back from Vince, and Jaden just sent the whole song to us. We were like “Oh, this is great. You’re rapping like that now?! All soft tones and calm? That’s amazing”. So we were working on our idea of putting the song out and Jaden’s team liked it so much they wanted to put it out too. That’s how that came about.   Are there any special features, besides Jaden, we can look forward to? We have a few, but I’ll just mention Little Dragon. Our next single is with Little Dragon, we’re working on that right now. They are so adamanent about working on and releasing an album this year because they realize when producing for artists, in the states especially, producers don’t get much recognition. The majority of the time they’ll produce the song and send it to an artist to put a hook on, but the producer doesn’t always get credited - unless they put a tag on a song.   “There needs to be some kind of respect shown for the craft of what we do. There was a point where the producer was, if not more important, as important, as the artist. The days of Timbaland, Jermaine Dupri, Dr. Dre, the names were prominent. I think labels and artists didn’t want to pay those high prices and didn’t want producers outshining, so then it collectively went to tucking the producers back. The only way the producers will shine is if they put a tag. It kind of just works in hip-hop, but in a pop or R&B song people are really fighting for you not to put a tag”. They are currently getting into Christian Rich: Artist Zone - hoping to release a new record every month or so, trying to focus on putting themselves infront and getting their own music out there. They did admit to having many productions in the works with other artists as well, though. I commended them on being so humble and content with not getting as much recognition as they probably deserve, and their response was nothing shy of admirable: “This time around we don’t care if people know about some of the songs we did before It’s more important for people to understand what we’re bringing to the table We’re all about making great music, but also making great things in general. We’re not flashy, we don’t want fame necessarily. We just want to be known for what we do" They want people to think: 'I know when I go to their show, I’m going to hear great songs' 'When I go to the store to buy their product, I know it’s gonna last' - that’s what they're pushing now. Quality in product. We finished our conversation with them advising me: "Fame is dangerous. Fame is one of the worst drugs out there that people don’t realize is a drug Fame is a scary thing that we’re not chasing. “ Written by Taylor Donley         Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   This July is a scorcher, the icecaps are melting, and we are really still buying fast fashion? Photo by shoplesfemmes.com   Based in Los Angeles, Les Femmes is an online store which sells strictly eco- conscious and high- quality products. Les Femmes’ sustainable feminine clothing has given us the means to reduce our carbon footprint and cool off during this summer season all at once - not to mention their French inspiration brings a light and breezy flow into one’s wardrobe. The timeless and classic designs of sustainable products are made with organic and ethically sourced fabric. All dyes are plant-based with zero synthetic chemicals. Les Femmes uses vegan fabrics which are ethically sourced and the company makes a point to ensure that all products are made ethically.   from shoplesfemmes.com   Even in shipping, Les Femmes aims to eliminate carbon neutral supplies and ship out online orders in recycled materials. By taking our summer shopping to Les Femmes as opposed to various other online retail, we are presented with the opportunity to support our local economies and adopt more eco- conscious alternatives in our world of fashion. And we get to be cute about it too. The idea behind this business is ‘less is more’. Why buy four similar looking linen shirts when you can buy one rare ethically made linen shirt instead which gives back to the earth while purchasing it? The brand even encourages us buyers to live a more minimalist lifestyle of only owning what we need without living in excess - this is shown in their minimum yet sufficient online stock.     from shoplesfemmes.com There is also something extremely rewarding about owning and wearing an item of clothing that you know was made holistically with pure intentions. It's a rare find when you are able to step away from the capitalist mindset for a moment and realize that you are doing something good for the planet by spending money on a pair of pleated pants or a cotton bralette. The coolest way to stay cool this summer and combat global warming can be found by shopping wholistically with Les Femmes.   by Chloe Laughlin Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Left to right: PRADA coat, shorts, and shoes and talent’s own socks and jewelry. ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA COUTURE suit and shoes and LONGCHAMP BY SHANE OLIVER t-shirt. Don’t let the sweltering, all-American dreamboat status of Ross and Rocky Lynch fool you—these multi-talented siblings have already garnered a strong grip in the worlds of acting and music. Ross has traversed the young-adult acting world from the Disney Channel to acclaimed indie projects like My Friend Dammer. Rocky is a masterful self-taught guitarist and a key producer for their family band, R5. Along with their siblings, Riker & Rydel Lynch, along with childhood friend Ellington Ratliff, R5 saw the boys growing up before the public's eyes as they bridged the gap from tween sensations to fully-fledged idols. After a decade together, the brothers are taking a moment for themselves with a new musical project, The Driver Era.  This new outlet explores and experiments with varied sonic soundscapes; combining alt-rock with EDM and hints of trap produced beats, their multifaceted take on pop music is sending them up the charts. Flaunt jumped at the chance to chat with the boys, who just released their latest single and our new summer favorite: "Afterglow." ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA COUTURE suit and shoes and LONGCHAMP BY SHANE OLIVER t-shirt. Where are you guys originally from? Ross: We are from Colorado. Middleton, Colorado is a little city off of Denver. We came to LA about 11 years ago and I’ve just been doing the whole music thing since then.   What is the dynamic like, working together with all your siblings? Ross: It was always really natural working with siblings. It's very comfortable because we've been doing it forever. It was more of a hobby than anything. We never started making music to make money. It’s always been like a fun collaboration and it's really about having a good time. Rocky: We just grew up doing it, so it's kind of second nature to us. It’s never been something we’ve had to force or think about. We’re doing it and we still are doing it and it's easy its fun. Left to right: DIOR HOMME suit, ROSE IN GOOD FAITH t-shirt, VON DRENIK bolo tie, and talent’s own rings. DIOR HOMME suit, ROSE IN GOOD FAITH t-shirt, and VON DRENIK bolo tie. I love the name The Driver Era, what's the origin story there? Ross: Near the end of our last tour (with R5), we decided to make a new project which was in talks for a while. We knew we wanted to do it. We didn’t know when to do it and we had a few names here and there but nothing was really sticking and we had finally settled on a name. We brainstormed again and came up with the Driver Era because to us it feels sort of all-encompassing. It feels like it could exist in both the past and present. Rocky: The driver era to me feels like you’re in the future, it feels like you're present and it also kind of feels like your mark in the past. So to me, it feels timeless and I love that. HUDSON JEANS shirt and jeans and talent’s own jewelry. What is the inspiration for the Driver Era’s production and songwriting? Ross: Recently we’ve been influenced by the alternative stuff because that's where we started to accumulate a good amount of success. With that happening, it kind of peaked our interest at doing alternative style songs for the Driver Era. So we’ve been working on some songs with that in the back of our heads just to kind of continue that alt-pop sort of thing. Rocky: There’s another song that flows a little more like a pop-trap in the indie realm. Ross: We did this song in the early stages of the Driver Era. So it's actually probably the furthest out from what people would classify as the Driver Era sound but I also think there are no limitations to the sound you know. If we decide one day we're going to drop an album that's entirely acoustic. We don’t really like limits on any kind of creativity. Rocky: Ross and I are also the types of people that kinda just get bored so once we do a couple acoustic little strip down sets weather we are at a radio station or at a Coachella party. It's like the next step was done we want to do something different. Were just bored of it and we were ready for something new. It's kind of nice to have that ability to diversify the set up at any moment. Left to right: OVADIA & SONS coat and HUDSON JEANS t-shirt. MSGM shirt The song  “Afterglow” just dropped and is surely gonna be a summer hit, what is about? Ross: The story behind “Afterglow” is kind of awesome because we went to Cabo. We went to Cabo at an all-inclusive resort and it was so much fun. Our buddy was there. We had family friends there and they rented a small yacht for us to go out on. I don’t think they meant to do it on my birthday but it was on my birthday. So we were just having so much fun in Cabo. Drinking you know having a good time and of course, there was a girl but it’s from Rocky’s perspective. Rocky: There’s not much more to say than we had a quick romance while on vacation in Cabo and it was really quick and the feelings were there really quickly but the time was gone even faster. So that's kind of where afterglow came from. Immediately after that trip I just kind of… the song happened. There wasn’t really much writing you know. Ross was actually in Milan modeling and he came back and I had a little start to the song. I was like, here's this vibe, and he immediately said this is something special. I love the song actually, I think it turned out great. Left to right: Ross wears PRADA jacket, shirt, and tie and CALVIN KLEIN JEANS jeans and boots. Rocky wears OVADIA & SONS sweater and pants, LINDER shirt, and ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA COUTURE shoes. Are you guys going to be working with your siblings again anytime soon? Ross: We’ll see it's all up in the air right now. Were trying to find some new grounds some new footings. There a lot of things coming up in the future and like I said I'm living up in Vancouver; there are lots of disconnects going on. Rocky and I used to spend every day together writing songs and just doing anything. It all came so rapidly so quickly. MSGM shirt, DIOR HOMME pants, and vintage cowboy boots available at Palace Costume, LA. Is there anything you people to know? Ross: There’s a lot coming in the future if you guys wanna come see us live. Actually for the first time in this format, then definitely go check that out on our website and what not. Like Made in America and a bunch of other festivals. That will be really fun. PRADA coat, shorts, and shoes and talent’s own socks and jewelry. How is your acting different than your music career in the way you approach it? Ross: It's very different. There almost completely different. The only thing that's’ kind of the same is they're both technically an artform. But with music it's very, you know, you sit by yourself for hours on end and you just play chords and come up with funny phrases and with acting, you're sitting down and you're kind of psychoanalyzing the person that your playing. They're both equally satisfying in their own way. HUDSON JEANS shirt and pants and talent’s own rings. Are there any other art forms you want to get into? Ross: Yea. I kind of like everything. I like every art form. Even painting and drawing, obviously the music is really big for us. Acting I really love. Lately, I’ve been feeling like I need to focus on one of them and I don’t know what that’s going to lead to, but I’ve been feeling like I need to pick something and run with it for a second.   Photographed by Parker Woods Styled by Britton Litow Groomer: Mikayla Production Assistant: Sara Durst Flaunt film directed by Ira Chernova Written by BJ Panda Bear Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photos Courtesy of Hugo  Among the trendsetters that were apart of the guest list of the HUGO SS19 show, Lucky Blue and Winnie Harlow disappeared into the haze of the techno inspired space. The elements of sex appeal and grunge intertwined on and off stage, as guests guzzled down Moet, models exiting back stage were a perfect reflection of the greasy underground warehouse scene.  The smoky  atmosphere, blinding with strobes and lasers, emit roaring 808 techno beats that resembled 90’s rave drug culture. Guests stumbled outside and were surrounded by Casper mattresses perfect for a cuddle puddle. As the drinks continued the mood lighting  helped to further push the hyper sexualized nature of the show. The crowd was serenaded by live performances by bare chested, tatted up Wiz Khalifa and DJ sets from Marcel Dettmann, DJ Hell and Ellen Allien. Sweaty guests danced the night away to techno and electro beats.  By Adrienne Hayden Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                   Photos Courtesy of HUGO Backstage at the HUGO SS19 presentation showed details of rave ready powdery eye makeup and stained lips. Late night/ early AM hair. Essential neon safety pin and hiking carabiner accessories echo the utility heavy clothing.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                       Photos Courtesy of HUGO There are moments in Berlin, in the dark of early morning, when you find yourself a wrap in an organ tingling sound system, your surrounds concrete and pitch black and freaky free and beautiful. Timeless abandon. Tonight is one of them. And the aggressive minimal techno is being served up to perhaps 20 people who are gleefully leaving it all on the floor in this dank cement block in the East of the city. This is before a 7 am pickup for a return to Los Angeles at the Hotel de Rome in Bebelplatz, a plaza which is best circumnavigated, Berliner beers in hand, at sunrise. Bebelplatz, that place of book burning, memorial, and a veritable center of a city just gifted some 9 hours prior a HUGO show several miles north, the first in seven years here, which sung of cosmic youth-after-dark; a collection that with flair and focus paid homage to an era of minimal, house, and techno served all mind-thrumming night in this city of empires fallen and risen, art, and a blurring of the lines.The presentation very appropriately took place shortly before midnight at Motorwerk, the original techno club of Berlin, a sinister industrial building of exposed brick and dark vertices that was transformed into a mid-90s raver haunt. On entry, a spaghetti bundle of lasers and beams showered a self-intersecting runway in rhythmic electronic swirls and figure eights. The rest hereafter is a hazy let-go, the mixed men’s and women’s collection a sort of organized chaos atop properly diverse youth, pieces peppered with re-appropriated 90s party flyers stitched into t-shirts beneath oversized, big-shouldered jackets; a disaffected and purposefully subdued, almost drab palette with funky, loud neon linings; techno-grunge 90s layering with drawstring, breakbeat style pants, all with suiting touches that spoke of an ever balanced cosmopolitan’s rave ramblings following a dinner party inclusive of colleagues not hip to your deep techno predilections. It was fun.As the show concluded, the models stacked several rows deep onto a stage-like altar that housed the sacred DJ booth, soon to be smashed to pieces by techno legends Ellen Allien, DJ Hell, and Marcel Dettman, but not before the sexy beast, one Wiz Khalifa, martial art-combed abs showcased between the vents of a fire red HUGO smoking jacket—not a techno artist but as much a fan of cutting loose on the floor as you could hope for—spit out a handful of his bangers as the models disappeared into the dark corners of the staging. Then came the party, which spilled into a large courtyard quickly populated with food and drink vendors, and a swell of pretty and influential Berlin fashionistas. It was edgy, it was eclectic, it was accessorized street met with techno caricature old and new, and it was lost in the rhythm and bass and crunchy turns of the knobs.I had the opportunity to speak with both Men’s and Women’s designers backstage before the AM hours swallowed us all into an esophageal sonic adventure,  Bart de Backer and Jenny Swank-Krasteva , respectively, to learn more about their vision for this special Berlin moment and collection.   The casting was diverse and super cool. Describe the mindset? Bart de Backer: We were trying to get a Berlin vibe. We chose a young guy—the whole idea I had in mind was what I was feeling about Berlin at the moment—this kind of urban creative type. We have a lot of people moving from London and Paris at the moment. They’re most of the time creative people and they come here to experiment by being creative, but not having the pressure to survive. This influenced our choices.   Regarding the pressure to survive—the collection feels a little survivalist in the tone but free from constraints. It has attitude and a clear purpose.  Would you agree there’s something survivalist in the collection, or how would you describe its relationship to rules?  Bart de Backer: it’s not so much about survivalism. It’s about mixing different pieces together and not following the common aesthetics. Experimenting and challenging them. And this is also another reason why we took Berlin as the city. We see so many individually dressed people here. People take garments out of their context and mix them together for a new look. So we have all this awareness that we mix with the tailoring. For instance, you can see the lining here [pointing at the finalized looks on a peg board in front of us]. We took this oversized piece from our archives from 1993. We add this kind of lace that you normally have in outerwear just to change the shape of the piece. It’s more like do it yourself fashion.   And would you say the attitude of the collection is more disaffected or conscientious? Bart de Backer: Disaffected is aware but not caring; conscientious is overly caring. I like more the first one.    Describe this new introduction to Berlin club culture?  Jenny Swank-Krasteva: I have still yet to go to Berghain. But I’ve heard it’s the place to be, at least for tourists, so I’m really excited to go there. The music is really catchy. I feel like there is a release in it, you know? And I think it’s really relatable to the people here and the vibe here.  How does release and freedom relate to fashion design?  Jenny Swank-Krasteva: It’s everything to be able to create with complete freedom and this is something we were really able to do with this collection. It’s not necessarily something you get to do every day, but with this collection, no one was telling us what to do what to produce and it’s such an exhilarating thing. I feel like you really bring the whole experience to the next level, so I guess there is a correlation there between techno music and the clothing. It’s great you got that out of me! There you go.   Written by Matthew Bedard Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017           Mark Shami Mark Shami is an entrepreneur and designer based in New York City who, among many other businesses, runs a jewelry brand, The M Jewelers. Having spent much of his childhood working in his father's jewelry store and in the NYC Diamond District, Mark has a knack for creating jewelry inspired by the city lifestyle. Mark's creative drive stems from the digital age of his generation and is able to channel his personal interests and fascinations into his work. Since the launch of their website 4 years ago, Shami has continued to craft necklaces, rings and bracelets that are contemporary and unique. We got a chance to sit down with Mark and talk everything from the inception of his brands to his personal experiences in the entrepreneurial world.  When did the M Jewelers start? I conceptualized the company in 2013. At that time i was making graphic tees as a streetwear brand in New York, but I conceptualized it in 2013 and it went live online in 2014. My entire family stems from the jewelry world. Growing up, my dad had a store in the West Village in the 80s and he was making name plates and handbags. Later on he ended up moving to 47TH street in the diamond district because the store got robbed. I worked in my dad’s shop for my entire childhood so I’ve been exposed to the jewelry world since I was a little kid. I grew up making name plates and monograms, that was my task when working at my dad’s shop. Where do you pull inspiration from when designing new collections? It comes from a lot of things. My main inspiration is New York City; it’s my favorite city in the world. Inspiration comes to me at any time of the day. I don’t sleep much because when an idea sparks I get working on it. My girlfriend, Danielle [Guizio], is a designer as well and she constantly has new ideas so we’re always brainstorming off of eachother. My twin sister [Kelly Shami] is a partner in some of my brands and she’s also a designer. The three of us are constantly brainstorming. I would say the main ethos of the brand is New York and we’ve kept the roots here. Describe your creative process. The creative process is kind of a bridge from what I previously said, but most of the time I go through my dad’s old archives of jewelry. He has closets full of jewelry from 30 to 40 years ago that he’s never sold so I always go through that and put my own modern take on it. I also love to go back and look at hand crafted things from Italy, and other places that I travel to. In New York, you can walk down the street and see a new person every single day even if you’re going to the same address or the same place of work, so I’m constantly seeing new things. Especially with the digital age we live in we’re seeing a lot of new things, but I really try to keep it connected to the ethos of the New York grit. That keeps me really inspired. The variance in your products range from affordable to luxury for both men and women. How has your platform allowed you to enter both markets? I think a lot of it was timing. When we started the brand, there wasn’t a lot of people doing what we were doing on an online basis. You could go to Chinatown or the diamond district to make these pieces, but there wasn’t anyone doing it for a mass market. Affordable brands and luxury brands are starting to bridge the gap with each other and we wanted to create a price point for our generation. We wanted to give the consumer, who is now a lot smarter, quality products. We import everything from Italy and then everything is assembled and made in New York, so we like to give our consumers a high luxury item for a good price point. Which do you enjoy working on more, affordable or luxury jewelry? It really depends on the project. I love working on both, but at the end of the day it’s all about the project. For example, we just finished working on a project with Nike, which i loved working on because I was obsessed with Nike growing up and still am today. I love a challenge, so we made gold Juul cases this year, which was really fun. I’m also working on a project right now for someone and we’re creating sunglasses out of all alternative metal. So it really does just depend on the project. Describe a typical day for you at the office. Every single day is a different day in this office, but a normal day is usually from 10am to 11pm and once I get home I’m still working.  We have about 6 brands in here right now under one umbrella. There’s a lot of emotions, a lot of projects, and a lot of deadlines, so everyday is a different day. Especially as a business owner of a few brands, a lot of obstacles are thrown at me everyday so it’s important to keep a positive energy. We have a really cool and close knit team here. You have collaborated with Nike and are now selling products online at Revolve. What other brands and companies do you hope to work with moving forward? Moving forward, I’d like to work with Ssense, Adidas, and would love to continue working with Nike. What project has been the most rewarding experience for you? I think 2 projects. One was a complete buildout we did for Complexcon. We did a Chinese ordering booth, which we drew inspiration from some of our favorite late night spots in Chinatown. We created an ordering booth with jewelry set up like a menu and customers were able to order certain jewelry on the spot or for delivery. That was really fun to do because we were able to engage with a new consumer. Complex’s identity is “the internet in real life” and as a big internet company it was cool to see our customers from all over as opposed to the ones just visiting us in New York. Another rewarding project was a video box we created last year for holiday. We personalized each product and video for the customer and the feedback we received from that was amazing. In the future, how do you envision the growth and expansion of the M Jewelers? When I started this brand it was just me. Once I launched the website, I opened up a little 150 square-foot store in the diamond district, which was unlike any other store on that block. After that I hired another person, and then another person, and now we’re around 15 employees. I want to continue doing what we’re doing, and keep changing with the times. We’re going to be doing a lot of pop-ups and build-outs, especially internationally. We’re planning a lot of things in Japan, Australia, and London. We’re also going to be opening up a downtown location in 2019 with a few of the brands we have going on. In addition to the M Jewelers, you are also working on other companies: Shami, Laval Brand, and Legs Market. What’s next for your entrepreneurial endeavors? Shami has been a really rewarding experience working with my twin sister [Kelly] and it’s been making a lot of headway and going pretty fast, faster than when I started with the M Jewelers. Moving forward, Danielle, Kelly, and I are working on an Italian based brand called Moral Distaste which will launch in 2019. Written by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: Adair Smith Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   For a Cancer the thought of luxury and well being is totally aligned with their awesome habits of overindulgence. This paradoxical existence is why they can be the life of the party as well as fall deepest into a mediative state at any sound bath.  For them juicing is not only a daily ritual, it's also a great cocktail chaser. After they got into the whole lot of tequila last night they have to detox before they get to retox. In this weeks edition of the gift guide we are here to help you figure out your Cancer buddy. Baxter of California: Your Cancerian boy may come off as living the grand life while still a little "rough" around the edges, but don't let it fool you! All that patina comes with a price. That broken in leather jacket he just got is limited edition and dry clean only and so should his grooming products. Baxter bridges those lines offering top of the line products that will sit well next to his antique soap dispenser they got in some boutique in Paris. VitaJuwel: After a rough night out, your delightful cancer is probably with a squad of other social girls and boys. They all woke up hung over and didn't get out of the house until 2pm, the rationale being that the lighting will be better for selfies. Having a dehydrated panic attack over where to eat for brunch midway through a hike is murder. Thank goodness VitaJuwel's were invented. The crystals in the water will re-align their chakras 10 fold and hold them together before they gorge on the chicken fried anything.  De La Beuh: After trying to hold the yogi version a prison squat while friends instagram you and your new mini bag, a long bath is a must! Cancers love to indulge, a CBD bath bomb will soothe and make any Cancer giddy for a few hours. They will even swear they are even getting a body high. (CBD doesn't have any psychoactive traits, chances are your Cancer is just already stoned) Bite: Let us never forget how sometimes excruciating the aesthetic needs are of a Cancer. They not only like pretty things, they need objects of conversation and they are also always horny. These Bite toothpaste bites offer up everything a Cancer could ever wish for: hygiene, style, a quirky conversation starter, and a quick fix before getting into a make-out session with that eastern European model that walked the Balenciaga show... The one with a silent "j" in their name.  John Kelly Chocolates: is there anything more simple and fabulous than chocolate. By now it's 10PM  after a long day of resting, brunching and bathing the sins away from the night before, it's time for for your Cancer to get ready to go out again. The champagne's already on ice, the bitches are OTW in their Ubers, and these chocolate candies with their salty accents are a perfect companion to get in trouble again.  Photography by Jim Turner @JimJTurner   Art Direction by  Aitor Saumell @AitorSaumell Written by BJ Panda Bear @BJPandaBear Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                 Photos Courtesy of Edeltrud Hofmann Long time contributor and friend of Flaunt, Masayo Kishi, just launched her new blouse line, and it gives women the style stage of the 40’s 50’s, 70’s and the now combined. With multiple patterns upon each sophisticated silk blouse, women can simultaneously sport high fashion and pops of playfulness. With pussybows, shoulder pads and prints of petals and pink, this line is reminiscent of vintage Chanel runways, yet is designed to the wave of women in the workplace. Kishi’s blouse line is called Edeltrud Hofmann, and the style is reflective of her non-stop worth ethic in the field of feminine fashion. Feeling feminine and fierce at your desk or at a lunch meeting has never been so easy. Check out the slideshow of the line in action, and don’t miss out on the opportunity to get these pieces in your closet! Photography by Heather Gildroy   Styling by Masayo Kishi   Models  Dakota Moore & Rebekah Underhill  @Q Makeup by Manana Saralidze   Hair  by Erol Karadag   Photo assistant by Ligeia     All clothing by Edeltrud Hofmann.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   As part of Prada’s Fall/Winter 2018 Womenswear Advertising Campaign, Amanda Murphy stars as the protagonist of Neon Dream which draws attention to the bold and colorful identity of Prada. Shot by Willy Vanderperre, he captures the essence of a Las Vegas Night in Prada – clichés and all that revolve around colorful, illuminated signs and a blazing night sky. As the star of the campaign, Murphy embodies herself as a representation of Prada by her shining personality and powerful presence. The vision of this campaign is to showcase reality in a dream-state. Most notably, the iconic 'blazing heel' has braced a comeback in this campaign as it sits around fluorescent pink, orange and red lights. Murphy is yet another neon symbol in the craze of the Las Vegas Night, but stands at the center as she is in control of her surroundings. Photographer: Willy Vanderperre Model: Amanda Murphy Location: Las Vegas Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   All Clothing by Saint Liberata Vintage Sam, I Am Photographer: Josh Warner, @joshwarner   Photo Assistant: Andrey Tarasov @officialjuicydre Model: Sam Spangler @samanthayoda LA Models Stylist: Joanie del Santo @skinnybonesjoans Hair: Anthony Martinez @antoinemartinez Make Up: Courtney Hart @courthart1  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   To close out the month of June, a diverse group of models and actresses gathered at the Hotel Regina in Paris to present Miu Miu’s Croisiere 2019 collection. Designed by the award winning production designer, Sarah Greenwood, the abundance of ornate luxury furniture that made up the showspace are exactly what you would hope for considering the Hotel Regina’s golden days of Belle Époque. The collection was a mix of delicately sheer pastel pieces paired with bold colors and patterns as Greenwood put it, “celebrate the free, camaraderie and vivacity that embodied the spirit of Miu Miu,”. Modeled by a pool of women including Chloe Sevigny to Kaia Gerber and Uma Thurman to Gwendoline Christie, walking the runway in a diverse display of generations and body shapes, the idea that the line is a “a decisively contemporary take on timeless traditions of femininity” is received as exactly that. Featuring pieces with sharp cutouts at the ribs and extravagant furry hems, all aspects of Miuccia Prada’s Croisiere 2019 collection scream adaptability and style. After the show, guests such as Luka Sabbat, Lily Collins and Francesco Vezzoli attended for Miu Miu’s famed Miu Miu Club. An exclusive dinner followed by music to celebrate. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   As of June 29th, Prada has launched their digital sunglasses and eyewear project, Prada Cinema Evolution. The digital campaign, posted to the official website and social media, is a strong example of the cinematic style central to their focus. The new collection is inspired by the dreamlike qualities in film and concentrates on the multifaceted female identity -- with an added taste of irony.  The campaign allows for cinematic dreams to run wild and for personal reflection to take place in a way that is both exciting and unanticipated. The styles are contemporary and new but by no means unsophisticated. You can expect the iconic Prada design with a large frame front and bold metal elements.  Prada Written by: Louisa Solarz Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Get your swing on, throw a collar on and get an ice-cold shot down it's the kick off to Cancer month! Time to be a decadent and naughty bitch! Cancer's run the gambit on behaviors, they are gentle and aggressive, simple and hedonistic. Shopping for one can be a nightmare as you can't tell if they want minimal ceramic art object or a designer luxury weed pen lined wrapped in fur. With all that confusion we are here to inform you on how to shop for one of the pickiest in our weekly gift guide. 1. Filling Pieces Trainers to help a cancer dance the night away before walking some distances after their phone dies. As usual the address of an afterparty will still be in their mind. Cancers are stubborn, nothing will stop them from a good night out.   2 Philipp Plein Collar: Chances are that your cancer has a hicky from someone they don't remember. We must also remember that that Cancers are mild hoarders or rather curators, they like and need to be decorated in items that can shield and attack unwanted approaching it girls. Patron Silver: Do not let that hard shell and outrageous outfits fool you, Cancers are as luxurious as they are neurotic creatures. They probably need liquid courage more than any other sign, though they'll only take it premium, so don't come at them with that well drink.    Photography by Jim Turner @JimJTurner   Art Direction by  Aitor Saumell @AitorSaumell Written by BJ Panda Bear @BJPandaBear Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Perfectly timed to celebrate the current FIFA World Cup, Diesel and RCNSTRCT Studio are dropping their collaborative collection of soccer inspired pieces. Rcnstcted entirely of classic Diesel apparel and vintage pieces, this unisex collection features fifty original, limited edition garments.  The vintage soccer apparel was sourced from the Italian soccer team, Bassano Virtus 55, of Bassano del Grappa; a place that Diesel also claims as their hometown. As part of Diesel's ongoing collaboration with RCNSTRCT studio, this 90s inspired revival of authentic denim and sport apparel is their second exclusive drop in 2018.  Dropping June 27th at RCNSTRCT Studio in Los Angeles, the exclusive line will be available at 7400 Melrose Ave and rcnstrctstudio.com until sold out. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The goal at EverybodyWorld is to create sustainable clothing with a crowdsourced spirit. The brand which only launched a year ago is based in Los Angeles and focuses on making clothing although they also produce an array of collabrative products. Following the idea of crowdsourced spirit, EverybodyWorld plans on having 10 percent of their collection come from design submissions in the near future. Founders Iris Alonzo and Caroline Crespo posted the first call for design submissions last October. The posting was for a uni-sex shoe which was just recently released on June 3rd.  The label believes that the best products don't always come from professionally trained designers. They want to put faith in the buyers and wearers who have put time into thinking about what makes something good. Couple Essence and Jihaari were the creators behind the fun summer shoes pictured above and the first design submission to be selected and produced by EverybodyWorld. Iris Alonzo and Caroline Crespo didn't even ask for sketches of the shoes in their submissions posting in October. They were more curious about the identity behind the submissions. Oakland based Essence and Jihaari have an interesting background and relationship but also because the couple has great style. Essence is working towards her Ph. D and Jihaari has a love for music and skating. The Untitled Shoe is made with Italian leather and a rubber sole. It will be sold for $198 on EverybodyWorld's internet shop as well as Virgil Normal in Los Angeles. Essence and Jihaari will make 10 percent off of each pair that is sold.  It is an interesting approach and there haven't been many brands to successfully pull off what Alonzo and Crespo are trying to build at EverybodyWorld but that is partly because it hasn't been possible until now. More then ever brands are collaborating with each other and with the power of social media, it is easy for people to build a steady following, putting them in a place for possible collaboration. Even if brands aren't crowdsourcing as directly as EverybodyWorld is now, many are in some way indirectly doing so.  Written by James McClune Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   TOKiMONSTA is the LA Born and bred international DJ who bridges the gap between the mainstream EDM crowd with a dance-savvy fashion set. The Korean American who is classically trained as a pianist has collaborated on tracks with Anderson Paak and remixed Justin Timberlake just to name a few. Her training can be well heard in her complex compositions, bringing texture to the world of dance music. Well loved in the fashion scene she is can be seen DJing after parties for labels like Louis Vuitton or collaborating with streetwear brands like the women led Dimepiece.  Ahead of her performance at Hard Summer Music Fest, we asked her to document her trip and performance at Lightning In A Bottle.    On the road to LIB: Los Angeles > Bradley.   Getting interviewed atop our RV before sunset.   Gavin and I prepping in our trailer, moments before going on stage.   Me & the homies, Gavin Turek and Anderson Paak, who I had the pleasure to have on my show.   My set at LIB with this wild crowd.   Saying hey to these cool peeps.   Anderson and I after the show     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017         In honor of pride month, House of Holland has launched a collection of made-to-order color blocked suits int he shades if the international pride symbol– the rainbow flag. Working off of the key shapes defined in their Autumn/Winter 2018 collection, the suits opt for an oversized yet fitted feel. From cigarette pants to wide leg trousers, the collection airs on the side of inclusivity in both gender expression and size. House of Holland is joining in on the national push for acceptance and support from brands, influencers, and ambassadors alike by donating 25% of the revenue from this collection to the Albert Kennedy Trust. The trust is a LGBT+ Youth Homelessnesss charity that supports those in the wake of coming out. For more information on the trust please visit www.akt.org.uk . This month and every month continue to show your support for LGBT+ community at any stage of their coming out journey. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017           Legendary British music group The Sex Pistols are releasing an exclusive collaboration with American-based fashion label MIDNIGHT STUDIOS. Launching exclusively in the UK at Selfridges' flagship store on London's Oxford Street on June 27th, the line features a series of t-shirts and sweatshirts created from original artworks and silhouettes based on the bands debut album Never Mind the Bollocks, Here’s the Sex Pistols. There will be a special preview of the collection in store June 26th, from 6-8pm. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   www.larrybell.com Honoring him in his “hometown”, Hauser & Wirth will be displaying “Larry Bell. Complete Cubes” - a solo exhibition for the internationally acclaimed American artist. With the opening reception scheduled for June 23, from 6-9pm, the exhibition will be running from 23 June to 23 September, 2018. Showcasing an example of every size the artist has produced from the early 1960s to the present, “Complete Cubes” will landmark the first time Bell’s iconic glass cubes have been organized by scale. On display will be more than 20 sculptures, ranging in size from two inches to 40 inches. Featured among the sculptures will be new, large-scale works created specifically for this presentation. Originally born in Chicago in 1939, Bell and his family moved to Los Angeles in the 1940s. He attended the California Institute of the Arts, known formally as the Chouinard Art Institute, from 1957-1959. Working at first with paint and canvas, while working at a frame shop in San Fernando Valley, Bell began expirimenting with scraps of glass, framing supplies and other materials. A breakthrough moment came when he placed a piece of cracked glass into a shadow box, the result being “an intriguing dual effect,” where “the cracked glass threw a shadow and also a reflection of the crack on the paper.” This was Bell’s introduction to sculpting, a passion that spanned through the following six decades. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The rainbow colors painted on the runway along the entire 200 meters length of the Domain du Palais Royal and matching t-shirts given to the guests was an indication beyond the obvious moment in fashion for inclusiveness and diversity. It is a recognition by the LVMH corporate boss that both the audience and the demographics of the consumers of luxury products are at a crossroad and changing at a fast pace that is now controlled by a rainbow coalition of rather than any single monolith.  Virgil Abloh’s debut men’s collection for Louis Vuitton called ‘We Are the World” opened with a series of all-white outfits on black models and ended in a kaleidoscope of light colors and a sparkling silver cape embroidered with a large LV logo in the back addressed directly to this now audience that all luxury brands aimed to capture, at first their attention then perhaps their purchasing power.   In choosing Abloh, Louis Vuitton is choosing to directly confront its future as the brand absorbs the alternating fashion landscape.   It isn’t a secret that many of the top luxury brands have been struggling at least in the menswear arena to remain relevant to younger customers over the last decade. While the DNA may still resonate among older consumers, they don’t mean as much to millennials who aren’t as assuage to the heritage messaging and who are less likely to find a community of shared ideas within the luxury space. Designers at brands like Dior Homme and Louis Vuitton dialed up the quotient of streetwear signature items in their collections – hooded sweatshirts, tracksuits, print tees – along with the ubiquitous rise of the sneakers in attempts to link to what is happening on the street scene and to make luxury brands feel authentic.   Last year’s massive three-week collaboration between Louis Vuitton and Supreme served this purpose from the social media to the commercial standpoint. But the house needed someone inside with sufficient command of the new vocabulary of fashion to lead.  And with a show that combined both messaging and products, Abloh succeeded in creating a new platform for the brand’s forward momentum in a melting pot of global culture.  Or as the show glossary notes defined what luxury means now – “A label determined by values, codes, and qualities, its use and definition were the privileges of few until a new generation conquered its dominion and shifted the paradigm for good.”    That said what about the clothes?  The product message was clear from the first look of a tailored double-breasted mohair jacket with loose silk pleated pants, styled with a crisp white suede sneakers and a Keepall bag now also white leather. Embossed with the monogram logo in a subtle manner, a soft mixture traditional tailoring empowered with the ease of sportswear like a double-faced cashmere hooded sweatshirt, cargo pant look that followed.  A white sheer jacquard tee-shirt with the LV logo worn with a white cargo pant was one of the ode to the hip hop street look in the early aught.  The show was neither the formality of luxury nor the roughness of streetwear but embraced a hybrid between the two worlds but executed in a refined manner where the signature prints of streetwear tees now come in colorful embroidered landscape.  The idea of tailoring pervaded throughout with details like hard creases on the back of jackets and pants made for easy folding for travel.  The overall silhouette was not one of oversizing but a mixture of lean proportions like a camel jacket over loose pants or a red fitted single-breasted suit.  While many of the looks either ones that leaned more towards tailoring or those more casual are not new silhouettes in menswear and many were elements of Abloh’s Off-White label. The diverse cast of models who wore them exuded a new attitude for the brand.  In fashion, context matters as much as content. Long ago audiences would exit an avant garde fashion show and wonder out loud how are these designers going to bridge the gap between their outrageous ideas and a commercial base merchandise to foster a sustainable enterprise.  Here at the new LV, the message and the product merged successfully.  More importantly, the idea of hybrids carried over to accessories with the white leather vest pocketed multi zippered compartments.  Absent was the deployment of logos as seen at other shows as a new paradigm for coolness, even the monogram was rendered in all white to make the familiar insignia less visible.  And those Skate and Creeper sneakers are sure to provide momentum to expand the critically important and rapidly expanding footwear market.  Written By Long Nguyen Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   In like a lion, out like Ellen! So sang the rites of spring when we whatsapp’d her for some insights on how to best ring in this Volume 1 of our 20th anniversary. It commenced with a torpedo up to San Francisco for the annual Cartier bash, where we stroked both panthers and one another’s egos as the night faded into fuzz, soundtracked by Jamie XX. Back to the ’wood to host our Roman besties, Fendi, at contemporary design showroom Casa Perfect (and also the former digs of his Kingliness, Elvis the Presley) alongside New Fantasy Issue cover star Charlie Heaton and nightlife enablers Maestro Dobel Tequila, Heineken, and Scribe Winery. DJ sets did their damnedest to the tickles of the Allah-Las and Eddie Ruscha. That was smoking. Down Melrose way, where we gave A$AP Rocky a lil’ bum squeeze at the opening of a new Acne Studios boutique, but not before we slipped into some furry Birkenstocks designed in a wink by the King of Kink, Mr. Rick Owens, inside his venerable La Brea boutique. Then we slid into Coachella for the umpteenth time, no condom but a lot of care, where we caught the Moschino party before it went up in flames (literally). Finally, we burned it down with the same poetic license with Witness Protection Issue star G-Eazy, who dished out some hits of late at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel alongside his boo boo Halsey, following DJ sets by Vic Mensa and Flaunt sister in the struggle Bec Adams in front of a crowd lit on Heineken and Maestro Dobel Tequila, one of whom was New Fantasy Issue cover girl Hari Nef, looking cute AF with a storm of friends and a grip of followers. It’s said that every dog has his day. Well, dogged we are in the pursuit of fun, and days we’ve known many to fade into dark, and then into days again. Thanks for keeping our vitals real in this, our 20th year. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On Thursday (June 21) we will be hosting a live stream of the Louis Vuitton Mens fashion show as they display their summer 2019 collection in Paris, France. This is the first outing for Virgil Abloh in his position men’s wear designer of the biggest luxury brand in the world. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Pop-star, fashion icon, and activist Mathangi "Maya" Arulpragasam, better known as M.I.A., has musically had very recent success. She features in "Kites" alongside Kendrick Lamar on NERD's 2017 album No One Ever Really Dies and released her own album AIM also in 2017. Her most recent venture, however, has been in the film industry. With rave reviews from Sundance Film Festival and Berlin Film Festival, M.I.A. looks to put her storied journey as a refugee and immigrant to pop star on the big screen.  It is also no coincidence that she decided to announce the films release dates on world refugee day. "Maya" was a Sir Lankan refugee then London teen before she became M.I.A. She hopes the documentary depicts the little struggles women face in a fight for success, maintaining an identity or defining it through fame and accomplishments, and furthermore, the battle of communicating with people who don't really understand where you're coming from. Drawn from a collection of personal videos the film will depict her struggles but also connect many of her songs and lyrics to her personal life and give the audience a new perspective on her creative process The highly anticipated MATANGI / MAYA / M.I.A., directed by Steve Loveridge, will be released in the UK on September 21st and the US the week following, on September 28th. Written by James McClune Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Last night Business of Fashion hosted a summit BoF West at the Westfield Mall in Century City. It was a moment in which the worlds of tech, media, Hollywood, beauty and fashion all converged to dissect the financial and cultural impact of the fashion and beauty industries. Here are some things we were able to pick up from the different panels.   Shatter the norm the outsider view is important. Stitch Fix Founder and CEO Katrina Lake, Everlane Founder and CEO Michael Preysman, and Beautycon CEO Moj Mahdara Spoke of the ways in which their presence as an outsider had affected the conventional practices of fashion and beauty. The risks taken from these practices saw the brands grow dynamically with fewer resources than their more traditional contemporaries.Believe in a world with many smaller brands rather than one big one. Niche audiences becoming mass. Beauty people behaving around tribes and communities commerce and content. As BeautyCon's Moj Mahdara had mentioned the way which bigger companies were trying to adopt practices niche companies had mastered, the fact is that the outreach and communities were grown organically proving that indie companies have a stake in the industry. Though at times daunting, the largest conglomerates still do not grasp more than a high single digit percent of the market allowing for a diverse array of products.   A brand can be politically aware but support is more important. The #MeToo moment created a community within the fashion worlds stylists. Though the concept of fashion activism is no new thing, the activism and political support brought on through the #MeToo and equal pay movement have reached another level in which support and action are at the forefront of speaking to the consumer. Philosophical alignment and statements have been replaced with overall activism and proactive pushes towards change. The second panel of stylists including Elizabeth Saltzman, Karla Welch, and Jason Bolden reflected upon interactions and dynamics which were forged out of the 2018 Golden Globes awards which saw a procession of actresses wearing all black in solidarity of the Weinstein survivors as well as more vocal interviews on equal pay issues in regards to color and gender. Just because you don’t play tennis that doesn’t mean it’s not relevant One of the most poignant statements to come out of the night was a quote from Jason Bolden who pointed out several systematic issues which inflicted the fashion worlds coupling of celebrity. From the dynamics of PR relations vs designer and celeb relations to the uses of the atypical beauty of the fashion industry. The main take away is that there are so many markets that have not been tapped into though they yield the same power and growing cachet.  Photos Courtesy of Business of Fashion/ Getty Written By BJ Panda Bear Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   FENDI Men’s Spring/Summer 2019 fashion show in collaboration with Italian artist Nico Vascellari heavily featured opposites, illustrated prints and logos walking down a neon-filled runway. Something felt different here. In comparison to their Fall 2018 collection which featured nods to industrialism and plaid; this collaboration hung onto the importance of a name, specifically their own. What does that means for exploring growth among a sea of the same? A sentiment iterated by Nico Vascellari himself in an interview with Studio International seemingly answers, "I’m not interested in the rules or breaking them. I am just interested in creating my own work.” In previous works Vascellari explored concepts of light, sound and movement through sculpture and performance. More importantly his work considers nature through the skepticism of the post-modern lens. Here, his play with anagrams and graphics seek to explore cathartics and a more involuntary response. FENDI was rearranged to become fiend which is exemplary to the collaboration unearthing a darker side of FENDI – FF-tongued snakes, clawed frogs, and horned demons as iconography. “Fiend as little demon, but also as aficionado. Amor as love.” FENDI and Vascellari are exploring the intrinsic dualities present in their designs and themselves. Birthed through collaboration, the imagery bled into the set for their Spring/Summer 2019 show which was also designed by Vascellari. No stranger to neon, Vascellari realized many of his motifs, filling the space with a subtle red glow as models appeared from a blackout chamber. Here, opposites find balance, dark becomes light and meaning get explored. FENDI and Vascellari are begging us to take a walk though FF territory to examine our own dualities. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017     In her latest appearance with YSL’s hashtag series, Zoë Kravitz appears alongside other “Saint Laurent” men and women as they traverse a neo-digital landscape for Saint Laurent Women’s Fall 2018. There is a sense of urgency as they begin to explore the boundaries of their seemingly confined spaces. The imagery alludes to 2017’s Blade Runner 2049 or George Orwells 1984; tensions arise and the music follows suit. What SebastiAn does with his production latches onto our heart beat and doesn't let us get release. Yet an implosion feels imminent.  “who is she ?” “where are you? “ “we don't know each other.” “we are strangers” are the last things we hear before ringing and then silence; leaving us just as distraught as the models, yet eager to find out what they mean.    Watch the video below: Art Direction: Anthony Vaccarello Director: Nathalie Canguilhem Talents : Zoë Kravitz, Lennon Gallagher, Erin Mommsen, Noé Martin Music: SebastiAn Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017            Prada has had a long tradition of striking up unconventional looks that have impacted the overall ecosystem of fashion. Going with the less safe routes, esoteric prints lived along side tech and luxury fabrics. Miuccia Prada recent presented the SS 2019 Menswear line during Milan Fashion Week and in doing so set forth her latest undeniable trend, the mini short. Her end goal was to create a line that defined a more “youthful, contemporary elegance” approach to menswear that rejects the bagginess of contemporary streetwear. At the show Prada created an allegorical field of inflatable stools inspired by Verner Panton, while a collaboration with AMO studio saw a gridlines and pink neon. Creating a space that was defined in its conformity – an ode to mass production and calibrated space giving way for that sterility to be broken by short-shorts and trapper hats. The looks still feel rather masculine while highlighting the elegance in its fragility and fluidity. Although shorts may not be leading to breakthroughs in our current climate they mark pivotal moments throughout fashion history of both the restrictions and allowances of dress. During the French Revolution, shorts were seen as an in-between garment, one that marked progress from femininity and subservience to what was at the time considered “male”– trousers. Over time, shorts became known for their ergonomics and practicality being used to dress soldiers and prep school boys alike; creating a neatness and order that was supposed to accompany masculine forms. By the 70’s, shorts had become shorter aligning themselves as a symbol of sexual power - short enough to highlight the male form in all of its dominant glory. Since then shorts, baggy pants, and skin-tight jeans have gone and past taking bits of toxic masculinity along with them. There were no oversights in Prada’s decision to heavily feature shorts for Spring 2019 as they are a symbol of the human form, something that will no longer be defined by hegemonic standards of dress. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   “On Friday (June 15) we will be hosting a live stream of the Ermenegildo Zegna Couture fashion show as they display their summer 2019 collection in Milan, Italy. We're no strangers to the Italian based luxury fashion brand—Zegna pieces have often graced the backs of talent we've featured throughout the years. Most recently in our feature with Bill Skarsgård, which you can read here.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017         Courtesy of Garage Museum of Contemporary Art Last night, the Garage Museum of Contemporary Art celebrated its 10th anniversary during Art Basel in Switzerland with a cocktail party at Les Trois Rois hosted by Dasha Zhukova. The room was illuminated with a crowd of Art list musts including Rem Koolhaas, Klaus Biesenbach, Olympia Scarry, Stavros Niarchos, and Vito Schnabel to name a few. The crowd was treated to a DJ set by Virgil Abloh. This evening also saw Garage celebrating the 50th anniversary of the Museum building, as well as the 90th year of Gorky Park where the museum is located. To commemorate this milestone, Garage has been hosting a series of events including, guided tours, live performances, classes for children and adults, and much more. The current show is Zittern auf dem Sofa by Juergen Teller, a project built around soccer as well as old and new works by the German photographer.  Located in Moscow, Garage is dedicated to providing new ideas, exhibitions, and knowledge about Russian culture and society through the works of contemporary art. Written by Abby Siegel Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Cara Santana and George Kotsiopoulos Cara Santana and George Kotsiopoulos  Quentin Jackson and Brittany Hampton Quentin Jackson and Brittany Hampton Daniel Winter of Winter Stone Daniel Winter of Winter Stone Emily Men Emily Men Brian Kaspr Brian Kaspr     Photos by: Paulette Ely In Dogtown, U.S.A, Los Angeles’ coolest cats came together to celebrate a very West-side summer with jalapeño margaritas, cauliflower tacos and customizable tote bags filled with gifts of hoop earrings and hats. Thanks to the shoe and accessory brand, ALDO, Wednesday evening’s event was an unforgettable celebration of Venice, California and all that add to its culture of creativity. From the moment that guests stepped foot into the Rose Room, each person was immersed in the art and aesthetics embodied by the beloved Venice neighborhoods thanks to some very special artists on the scene. Teddy Kelly, Brain Kaspr and Daniel Winter used mediums such as murals, customizable skate decks and totes, and even live tattooing to aid ALDO in the interactive and collaborative nature that was this fashion forward affair by the sea. Guests not only left the event stuffed from churros and cocktails, but tired toes from endless dancing. The night of westside art and dance not only educated us all on the beauty that resides in LA natives backyard, but left everyone feeling rich in Mexicali treats we often forget about. Check out these shots capturing last nights guests and all the fun that was had! Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The most valuable trophy in all of sports has been awarded to the winner of the FIFA World Cup, every four years, since its beginning in July of 1930. No other sporting event compares to the intensity and popularity of this tournament and there is a reason that the tournament is named after the trophy itself. More importantly, however, a trophy of this value and superiority requires a case to match.  For the third consecutive World Cup, FIFA has continued its partnership with Louis Vuitton to design and create a travel case, worthy of the trophy. This years case was put on display for the first time today as the tournament began in this year's host country, Russia, and will be shown again at the end of the tournament. Handcrafted in Asnières, France, the case was completed with a reflecting chrome finish layered by a laser-engraving of the classic Louis Vuitton pattern. The interior of the elegant case is delicately leather padded.  Along with carrying the responsibility of curating the safest and most fashionable case possible for the World Cup, Louis Vuitton has released an extremely limited Match Ball Trunk. The trunk reveals 13 re-editioned official match balls used in World Cup tournaments since 1970, which Adidas fabricated especially for this event and one ball designed by Louis Vuitton. There are only 21 of these trunks available for purchase worldwide. Along with the Match Ball Trunk, Louis Vuitton has brought an Official Licensed Product Collection to the table. The collection is colorful and fun, featuring exclusive Keepall and Apollo bags, along with a selection of smaller leather pieces, made with the brands classic Epi leather. These fun bags display a specially designed Louis Vuitton FIFA World Cup logo placed like a team badge. These logos were first used on the personal trunks of Gaston-Louis Vuitton.  The Louis Vuitton 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia Collection will be available in select Louis Vuitton stores as well as a special pop-up opening in the Miami Design District. Written by James McClune Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017        Photos courtesy of FENDI x Riowa          We thought lavish luggage brand, Rimowa, couldn’t get any more fashion-forward after the recent collaboration with Off White’s Virgil Abloh, but the latest installment of FENDI x Rimowa series has definitely proved us wrong. Last November marked the launch of the sleek and stylish collaboration between the luxury houses and now another wave will add a pop of color and flair to the popular aluminum cabin trolley line. In addition to the previously announced yellow and black variations, these versatile voyager’s must-haves now come in red and blue. On each bag hangs a paper plane charm with FENDI’s logo. To add a charming modern touch, each bag will also detailed with Cucio Romano leather handles on the top and side, as well as a belt along the case. Rimowa has been a major name in the tale of trendy travelers since the late 1890s, but the company’s visual identity has shifted with these new fierce, FENDI additions. This new chapter in Rimowa’s design timeline will be available on FENDI.com and select FENDI locations, so don't fret! The future of traveling is here.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                  Photos by Eli Linnetz In the weeks after releasing the much anticipated, seven-track, “Ye”, as well as joint project "Kids See Ghosts" with Kid Cudi, Kanye West dropped his latest YEEZY campaign while still on the masses' mind. In efforts to promote the “Super Moon Yellow” Desert Rat 500s, West surely did not disappoint with his latest advert. Just search #SUPERMOON on social media and your feed will be bombarded with photos of familiar faces, and bodies, sporting the new sneaker colorway. In some images, the sneakers are the only thing being worn. Starring in the campaign are some recurring models from past seasons, Kim doppelgangers, social media personalities, and even adult film stars: The Clermont Twins, Sami Miro, Kristen Crawley, Millie Brown, Veneda Budny and Lela Star just to name a few.   As for the YEEZY Season 8 apparel, Kim Kardashian was spotted around town having the paparazzi do the work to introduce us to what seems to be West’s latest designs. Complete with a new hair color to match, Kim and Kylie sport monochromatic pieces with familiar silhouettes. Using pops of color that have been built upon Kanye's past seasons of nudes and bold neutrals.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017              Photograph by Daniel Salemi. Last night Coach erected a pop-up in SoHo entitled “Life Coach," consisting of four interactive spaces devoted to the advancement of creativity and self-expression. World renowned set designer Simon Costin lead the guests on the journey of self-discovery with the help of some good old-fashioned nostalgia. The experience began in a neon lit store front adorned with static televisions and phone booths that rang off the hook. The second space recreated a New York subway station, where guests were invited to express themselves on the blank subway walls. Graffiti artists like Wisbe, were spotted decorating the subway windows with art, tags, and quotes. Guests were then beckoned to an enchanted fairground with special self-discovery themed carnival games: wheel of fortune, skeeball, and high striker helped guests to align their chakras. The fairground also played host to tufts of cotton candy, an array of refreshments, and a Balamii Radio DJ booth. Finally, the last room served as a mystical, moss-lined forest where guests could read tarot cards and predict the future with the help of some enchanting fortune tellers lying in amidst the lofty trees. A line formed to meet with some of the country’s top astrologers, while others played chess among the moss. Upon exiting, zodiac horoscopes were distributed to conclude the prophetic journey.  The curated games, performances, and art heightened the senses towards an uplifting and self-reflective experience. While this event was a first for the international retailer, it’s fair to say that it won’t be the last. To book your "Life Coach" appointment click here. Written by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: Daniel Salemi and BFA Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   ERNEST W. BAKER trench, NICOLA INDELICATO brief, WOLFORD socks, and ZELDA PASSINI ring.  KANDIOURA / student, model at ROCKMEN“I can see myself smiling, even in dark moments in my life, wearing Couture every single day, eating salmon and tiramisus every nights in front of my television.” MAISON MARGIELA suit.  BENOIT DE BONNEFAMILLE / music producer@benoitdebonnefamille.com"My album will be released in September. I would love to compose a sci- fi movie music with synthesizers like Moog, Jupiter 8, and the Prophet 5. I would really like to be in a Robert Zemeckis movie where the cars would fly and clothes would dry automatically. I would say, « I saw it »." BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE dress and THOMASINE GLOVES gloves. RAMO THEK-ZEROUAL / mixed-media artist, model“I see the future as a borderless dream, where the summer is more than an advertisement squat and I hope that poetry will not become archeology.” HED MAYNER jacket, model’s own ELOQUII dress, and model’s own rings. PATY BROWN / model agent at NEXT Paris, Gospel Singer & Fashion Influencer (@patylicious_diary“More diversity in entertainment & fashion industry. No matter what color or size you are, you will “shine/bright like a diamond”! I would love to see more and more beautiful plus size women on magazines, catwalk, on screen” DIOR HOMME jacket and waistcoat and NEITH NYER boots. SENTIMENTAL RAVE / music producer, DJ“I wake up everyday with the idea to see a better world. I wake up everyday and hope all the minorities in the world, black people, poor people, LGBTQ and women have a voice and have real equality.” MAISON MARGIELA dress, ANN DEMEULEMEESTER pants, and ZELDA PASSINI ring ANGELINA VALLS / proud transgender woman“It is out of love we shall create paradise on our planet once more.” JUNYA WATANABE dress, boots, and necklace. KIYO / model at GIRL MGMT"I want to be a total artist! and I dream of the world without frontiers" MOON YOUNG HEE shirt and skirt and model’s own earring and ring. RAYANE / model at ROCKMEN, fire pipes installation and repair"I don't really know, but ideally, I will see myself living in the United States or in Morocco." NEITH NYER one piece. ALEJANDRA PEREZ / aspiring stylist“The future I see is one dominated by non-conforming individuals; I see a future in which the members of its society challenge the government and no longer allow those in power to exploit the ones in need. Either that or robots have taken over the world.” YOHJI YAMAMOTO HOMME jacket and pants and HAIDER ACKERMANN boots. ODIE / artist, model "Happiness is new rich, inner peace is new success, heath is new wealth, kindness is new cool" ANNE SOFIE MADSEN top and ERNEST W. BAKER pants. MARIUS / student, model at TIAD"I am very interested in arts, photography and object design but I haven't decided anything yet" CHRISTIAN DADA jacket. ZELIG WILSON / model at Mademoiselle Homme, singer of debut album Kitsunetsuki"There is a Japanese legend of Wise Foxes becoming deities by the age of 50 or 100 and acquiring superpowers like morphing into humans to trick, treat or possess them. I like to believe that is what I am.” Left to right: Diane wears DUMITRASCU turtleneck and SADAK pants. Ghandi wears PALOMO SPAIN top, pants, and shoes. DIANE CANOBY / singer, songwriter in her own musical human rock and folk project and yoga instructor (@canobydiane)"In the Future, I would dream my music could travel everywhere in all the world, touch lots of hearts, do good to Humanity." GHANDI / leader of children art workshop"I admire more than anything Marguerite Yourcenar, she really changed my life. I love her more than my name, It is a tribute. Children are the future I believe in, lets show them a good example, let’s be good with them." CÉLINE jacket, skirt, bra, and shoes. EKATERINA OZHIGANOVA / translator, photographer, model, cofounder of MODEL LAW (first association in France created by models for models to defend and protect their rights and initiate the change from the inside of the industry) (@katya_ozhi“Have you never heard what the wise men say: all of the future exists in the past.” - Truman Capote Other Voices Other Rooms HAIDER ACKERMANN dress. DOMINYKA ANGELYTE / student, stylist“Taking the future as a narrative of exploration. Exploration of self and them.” YOHJI YAMAMOTO jacket and pants and model’s own necklace, earrings, and bracelet. LARRY VICKERS / Producer, director, choreographer“Future is which the next second after you read this - to feel there is HOPE as long as we LIVE, LAUGH and LOVE, together, today. Tomorrow is not promised!” Photographed by Kin Styled by Elin Bjursell Models: Alejandra Perez, Angelina Valls, Benoit de Bonnefamille, Diane Canoby, Dominyka Angelyte, Ekaterina Ozhiganova, Ghandi, Kandioura, Kiyo, Larry Vickers, Marius, Odie, Paty Brown, Ramo Thek-Zeroual, Rayne, Sentimental Rave, and Zelig Wilson Hair by Michael Delmas Makeup by Anna Sadamori Casting by Mathilde Hesse Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                          If you’re late to the game, or not an LA native, and happened to miss the GUESS Farmers Market held early May - don’t trip. GUESS is expanding the “Farmers Market” concept internationally by offering exclusive pieces through key retailers and pop-ups. Now vintage-inspired streetwear fans globally can get a taste of the classic Los Angeles style. Each Farmers Market release will give guests the opportunity to access limited edition merchandise and experiences from the original Downtown Los Angeles event pop-up. Through June and July of 2018 - GUESS will be offering the collection through pop-ups and retailers as listed:   Pop-Ups • Paris at Club 75 • London at Selfridges • Tokyo at GR8 • Perth / Melbourne with Lessons • Singapore at Dover Street Market   Retailers • Milan at Slamjam • Florence at Luisa Via Roma • Hong Kong at Juice • China online Innersect App A color-pallette inspired by the produce and rich agriculture of California - along the likes of Sean Wotherspoon, avid vegan and vintage streetwear collector - can be seen throughout the collection. The capsule, inclusive of tees with classic GUESS logos, tracksuits, waist bags, accessories, and of course loads of denim, features reworked silhouettes from the GUESS archives. Each style is manufactured utilizing the same classic over-dye and wash techniques developed in the '80s and '90s. Written By Taylor Donley Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       For those unfamiliar with Vivienne Westwood save for her moniker on a clothing label, the designer might strike you as a demure British dame within the first few minutes of director Lorna Tucker's Westwood. Lounging in a tufted chair next to an exquisite floral arrangement, Westwood seems sweet in grandmotherly way, if not eccentric. Fast-forward to a few minutes later into the documentary and Westwood leaves you with a very different impression of the designer. The night before her London Fashion Week show, she goes over the minutia of each piece, model, and accessory. Nothing escapes her notice and she berates an assistant for making a egregious error: a judgment call for a small hem on a garment where a large ribbed hem should be. “I don’t remember doing this. Fuck them, they’re just disgusting. What’s with this tiny hem? It’s crap,” she says. Director Lorna Tucker’s talent comes in the keen juxtaposition of the two sides of Westwood’s demeanor. While the documentary is laden with incidences of Westwood’s ferocity, it’s contrasted with more intimate moments of Westwood at work. Camera panned at a distance, she confides in her husband post tiny-hem tirade, “I don’t know what I’m doing, it’s mess. It’s my fault, it’s just not good.” We can see where the weight of her work weighs heavily on her shoulders.  Several times throughout the documentary, Westwood iterates a version of “If I don’t like it, I just won’t put it out.” Though her desire for complete creative control leads her to be tyrannical at times, Westwood is revealed to be a deeply sensitive, and introspective artist who pours herself in to every detail of her work.  Westwood’s work is one of constant rebellion both against the status quo of stuffy English society and at certain points even her own previous designs. One portion of the documentary shows a museum curator from The Victoria and Albert Museum delicately handles Westwood’s most famous piece: a muslin t-shirt adorned with a swastika and other subversive imagery. In another moment of brilliant juxtaposition, tinkling classical piano music plays as the curator runs her gloved hand over the inverted cross printed on the shirt. It poses the question: when does someone cease to be a daring provocateur, and become Victoria and Albert museum worthy? The emotional weight of the documentary relies on Westwood examining this question herself. Much of the documentary seems to be Westwood grappling with her name, company, and designs becoming globally known and marketable while still maintaining her artistic integrity as her company is on the verge of becoming a leviathan. “I’m in danger of not being able to control everything properly,” she laments. Perhaps most poignant about this documentary is the fact that despite having essentially built her career rebelling against the status quo, later Westwood is ironically resistant to change, evident in her fight against climate change and the uncontrollable growth of her own company. Overall the film succeeds in taking Vivienne Westwood into the third dimension. The designer is a deeply complicated character and Lorna Tucker takes great care in exploring the intricacies of the designer’s psyche over the course of the documentary. Through Tucker’s lens, Westwood is more than just a label on a tag; she’s a true artist willing to sacrifice monetary gain and fame to maintain her own creative vision. Written by Kathleen Juarez  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017              Courtesy of Saint Laurent  The skylight just after sunset enhanced the view of the downtown tip of Manhattan, with the World Trade Center anchoring a sleuth of high-rise towers still lite from inside and the closeness of the competing buildings on the Jersey City side. The audience sitting on a steel scaffolding set with black marble flooring that Saint Laurent built for the brand’s debut Spring Summer 2019 menswear show under Anthony Vaccarello.  The setting provided a compelling environment for the ultra urban chic and laissez faire attitudes that is essential to the Saint Laurent menswear which for the past two years have been shown together with the women’s during Paris show season.     An aura of the 70’s permeated the show from the moments the first model emerged wearing the classic skinny black pant and jeans now done in high waist version and a cropped black wool jacket with leather cowboy motif at the shoulder to the last model in a black high-waist pleated pants and cropped embroidered evening jacket but it was the 70’s era that included some of YSL’s iconic fashion items like the saharienne, the lace-up khaki safari jacket that first appeared in the 1968 Rive Gauche collection – now in black leather and belted and high waist pants that the designer himself worn at the time remixed for todays market of cool things.   The show contained a vast array of merchandises sure to be commercial must haves – black wool single-breasted coats, leather jackets of various shapes, silk shirts in black and gold paisley, decorated jeans jacket, or velour blousons with golden embroideries.  In a nod to the currency of gender fluidity about ten top female models rocked the menswear on the runway including Kaia Gerber and Mica Arganaraz completely blending in with the guys.  In lieu of a finale where all the models marched out again in refrain, a selected group of guys bare and silver painted chest with black sequin pants and scarves and bandanas around their necks.  The long running passion for underground music morphed into clothes well imbued with the lifestyle and sartorial practices of the kids making the music.   Click through below to see more   Written By Long Nguyen Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017            Photography By: Albert Watson  The Pirelli Calendar has been a market staple since 1963. Known for its inventive photographers, fascinating subjects, and exclusive distribution, it appeals to anyone who appreciates pop culture. The past few years of the Pirelli Calendar have been no exception. From their 2016 calendar featuring powerful women shot by Annie Leibovitz to their 2017 non-airbrushed, makeup-free shoot with Peter Lindbergh. Most recently the 2018 calendar was shot by Tim Walker and featured a retelling of Alice in Wonderland which showcased a cast of all black fashion luminaries. Now, Pirelli just announced the photographer of the 2019 edition will be Albert Watson. You may know him for his shot of a fresh-faced Kate Moss nude at nineteen or his take on a particular plucked goose, in the arms of one Alfred Hitchcock. Either way, the 76 year old innovator has imprinted himself into your subconscious at this point. His work on the 2019 calendar will look into the exploration of women with a “sense of inquiry.” If you're intrigued, you won't have to wait too long- 2019 is right around the corner! Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photo: Frances Valentine Katherine Noel Brosnahan-the name might not immediately strike a chord. Her chosen name, Kate Valentine might sound a bit more familiar. Her company name, Kate Spade, will definitely do the trick. For the past twenty-five years Valentine has graced the fashion world with her feminine, sleek designs in the form of shoes, accessories and most importantly and iconically, handbags. From 1993 to present, the Kate Spade bag has served as both a practical vessel and stylish arm candy for socialites everywhere. Preppy stripes, playful polka dots and girly hues. That was Spade's bread and butter. Every it-girl had to get their hands on one of her designs. Since 2007, Spade has devoted her time to her new accessories line, Frances Valentine-an equally stylish and  elegant accessories brand.  It's not every day that someone has the ability to touch so many lives with their designs. Many have tried, few have succeeded. The designer will certainly be missed for her entrepreneurial spirit and her colorful creations.  Photo: Kate Spade Photo: Kate Spade Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photos courtesy of Rimowa Off-White June 5th, 2018 marks the debut of Rinowa’s updated luggage line, with product advancements plugging into every modern migrant’s needs. The product release will feature more than their new wheels and updated handles, but will be aesthetically relevant to trendy travelers as it emphasizes a sophisticated look adorned with the updated logo (released earlier this year). The Rimowa release will feature 3 suave suitcase collections ranging from the iconic aluminum design to a new lighter option. While the brand has celebrated their high-quality luggage and sleek designs since the start in the late 1800’s, their modern lens has led to their previous groundbreaking collaborations with designer lines such as Fendi and Supreme, and soon with the launch of the collab with Off-White C/O Virgil Abloh on June 20th, you can now travel as a piece of art. The new luggage from this capsule is transparent to accentuate the objects inside.  You never know when your next trip awaits, but you can ensure you’ll never forget your style at home.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Left to right: THOM BROWNE dress and FRYE boots. THOM BROWNE shirt, and skirt and FRYE boots. SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO jacket, shirt jeans and tie SACAI jacket and t-shirt. PRADA jacket, shirt, and pants and NIKE sneakers. Left to right: OFF-WHITE C/O VIRGIL ABLOH jacket and t-shirt and stylists own beanie. ALEXANDER MCQUEEN jumpsuit. COACH 1941 jacket and pants, 2(X)IST t-shirt, and stylist’s own ski mask LOUIS VUITTON jacket, shirt, and shorts and OFF-WHITE C/O VIRGIL ABLOH sneakers. VALENTINO jacket, shirt, and pants, ADIDAS ORIGINALS sneakers GUCCI vest, shirt and shorts Left to right: HERON PRESTON coat, sweatshirt and shorts. OFF-WHITE C/O VIRGIL ABLOH coat and shorts. CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC tank top, jeans, and boots. Photographed by Slava Mogutin  Model Augusta Alexander, Brandon Bailey, Chun Soot, and Dalibor Urosevic  Styling assistant Zaquan Champ Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   With pride week kicking off in LA, it is important to celebrate and encourage the support behind such a community as the LGBTQ. In doing so, here is a list of retailers releasing capsule collections for this years festivities: Adidas: Adidas’ “Pride” pack - 4 pairs of sneakers all themed and imprinted with “We are proud and unapologetic, and we encourage you to be the same” on the sole     Levi’s: This year’s annual pride collection emphasizes the phrase “I AM” to encourage self-expression       Calvin Klein: The Calvin Klein Pride capsule collection is incredibly color-themed, offering t-shirts and tanks with a colorful logo as well as an array of bras and undergarments in lively colors. In honor, a donation was made to the Human Rights Campaign    Tommy Hilfiger: Donating 35% of the purchase price of each item in the Tommy Pride Collection to the Human Rights Campaign, Tommy Hilfiger is offering a collection including a t-shirt, hat and other accessories all branded with a rainbow “Tommy” logo    American Apparel: Seeking LGBTQ community members as the cast for their 2018 Pride collection, American Apparel releases tees and totes with phrases such as “Still here. Still queer.” and “THEY O.K. All pronouns welcome”     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Torbjørn Rødland, The Man in the Moon is a Miss, 2016-2018,  chromogenic print; courtesy of David Kordansky Gallery Torbjørn Rødland, Sophie, 2017, chromogenic print; courtesy of David Kordansky Gallery Torbjørn Rødland, Poolside, 2017, chromogenic print; courtesy of David Kordansky Gallery Torbjørn Rødland, No Climax, 2007-2018, chromogenic print; courtesy of David Kordansky Gallery Torbjørn Rødland, Cotton on Cardboard, 2016-2018, chromogenic print; courtesy of David Kordansky Gallery Torbjørn Rødland, I Felt the Figure Five, 2016-2018, chromogenic print; courtesy of David Kordansky Gallery Torbjørn Rødland, Voodoo Shoe, 2017,  chromogenic print; courtesy of David Kordansky Gallery In the heart of Hollywood this week one of the most titillating and stimulating exhibitions in recent memory arrives as Torbjørn Rødland presents a selection of recent works a new exhibition at David Kordansky Gallery, entitled Backlit Rainbow. The Norwegian-born, LA-based artist has saturated artistic culture since the 1990s with his unforgettable explorations of the taboo, the repugnant, and the strangely beautiful—often all in one well-crafted image. In Backlit Rainbow, Rødland continues to push the artistic envelope with textural portraits that maintain a strong mastery of subversive interplay between identity, transgression, and the unexpected. Read our interview with Torbjørn Rødland Backlit Rainbow by Torbjørn Rødland is currently on view at David Kordansky Gallery; June 2 - July 7 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                      Photos: BFA for Barney's New York     Over the weekend Barneys New York debut the LA edition of The Drop, a 2 day pop up that saw nearly 12,000 patrons come through the 6 levels of the Beverly Hills flagship. By 6:30 pm on Saturday the crowd of very well-heeled Hypebeasts clog the 2nd level, across the way from the Gucci roller rink as Wu Tang Clan came out to perform a surprise set. HypeBaes got to meet and greet Justine Skye, who collaborated on a shoe capsule with Barney’s. DJ sets from Heron Preston kept the crowd well synced to shop through a maze of curated streetwear that ran the gambit from Fendi to Fear of God and Rick Owens to Rhude. Prada created a neon-lit Pachinko pinball arcade while a butterfly garden kept things zen set alongside an array of fine jewelry. The matcha from Alfred's teahouse kept things beyond lit this weekend.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   ASMR, if you’re not hip to the latest drug-free craze sweeping the internet at the moment, is an autonomous response brought on by certain sounds—whispers, brushes, splashing water—producing an ecstatic, spine-tingling starburst of sensory pleasure in the susceptible. Flaunt and Diesel called upon our muses The Kaplan Twins to put our spin on the phenomenon with a video art piece titled “Endearment”. The video premiered at the launch of The Prelude Issue: 20th Anniversary Volume 1 at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel last night, but you can treat yourself in the privacy of your own home by watching below Directed by Brent Mata Photographed by Yudo KuritaStyled by Nicholas Amato Makeup: Sara TagloaHair: Amber Duarte  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   SANDRO jacket, sweater, and jumpsuit.  Left to right: DIESEL coat and boots. DIESEL jacket, sweatshirt, and boots. Andy Warhol, a self-proclaimed “deeply superficial person,” believed that art could be defined simply as what you can get away with.Lexi and Allie Kaplan—or The Kaplan Twins, as they’re known— cite Warhol as one of their primary artistic heroes, and they have put his words to the test in a more than symbolic way. I have to wonder how Warhol would feel, knowing that the Kaplan twins painted their ass- cheeks and sat—four cheeks total, big red and blue circles—on a portrait of his face? That piece sold for nearly $1000, I might add. Is Andy rolling in his grave, or looking down with pride? Perhaps both.“Spread your legs wider!” Lexi instructs Allie, at their photoshoot turned impromptu art session. But this isn’t a porno or a gynecology appointment—in this case, it’s how a “Sit on My Face” composition begins for the Kaplan twins. The project, which the twenty-four-year-old twins first began in 2016, starts with the girls drawing images of famous cultural icons like Justin Bieber, Donald Trump, Kanye West, and Harvey Weinstein, and ends with them painting their rear-ends bright colors and, you guessed it, sitting on the various faces.  Left to right: DIESEL jacket, NIASSANCE t-shirt, and SANDRO skirt. DIESEL shirt and SANDRO jeans. This is just one chapter in their sexy slew of provocative projects. The girls first gained recognition in the art world, and more importantly, Instagram, when they released oil paintings of screenshots taken from Kim Kardashian’s infamous sex tape with Ray J—widely cited (blamed?) for launching her into the spotlight. Kim clearly serves as more than an artistic muse for the girls: she has inspired their path to stardom. Like Kim, the girls use controversy to stoke the flames of their fame. Their joint- instagram says it all: 162K followers. But maybe it doesn’t say everything. The clever captions and polarizing photos disguise the fact that these girls are actively engaging in that age-old debate: is it art, or obscenity? A finely rendered oil painting is art, but what about a finely rendered oil painting of Kim K giving a BJ to Ray J? Like Justice Potter saying, “I know it when I see it,” it’s a distinction best left to personal opinion.  On the surface, the girls seem like your average LA reality-show types. Long blonde locks, perfect pouts, trim figures, flawless Valley Girl drawls (which is a little mystifying since they’re from New Jersey) and a supportive “mom-ager” with an overbearing talent rep to boot. But just like their art, you must look beyond the surface to understand the girls. When I sit down with Allie, the free spirited dreamer, and Lexi (née Alexa), the sophisticated and practical planner, I begin to realize that, as much as their joint account and previous interviews would have you believe, they are very different from one another. However, their opinions about their artistic intentions are one and the same. So much so that they often start and finish each other’s sentences seamlessly.  Left to right: DIESEL jacket, dress, t-shirt, stylist's own bandana and talent's own jewelry. DIESEL jacket, dress, t-shirt, and talent's own ring. When we talk about how they integrate themselves into their art, Lexi begins, “We just want...” Allie finishes, “to open up a conversation and see where it goes.” Some may think this integration stems from narcissism, but others will see the marketing value behind it. By using their looks and social status to elevate their work, they elevate themselves. And by elevating themselves, they by extension, elevate their art. It’s truly a magical cycle.  The irony is that their latest collection, “Shit! I Just Spilled Kombucha On My Yeezys,” is a spoof on the social media in which they are embedded. The pieces riff off of millennial tropes like Tinder, nudes, and Bitcoin, to call out the absurdity of it all. Their stance might not be immediately clear, but by selecting trending subjects, they are effectively saying they’re worthy of discussion, which is a stance in itself. One piece spells out “Do it for the gram,” in front of the trendy, pink Paul Smith wall on Melrose. Allie reflects, “At face value that painting is funny, until you take a second and realize no one is visiting that wall because it’s a beautiful architectural building. They’re looking at it,” Lexi concludes the thought, “because they’re going to post it.”  Left to right: DIESEL jacket, dress, t-shirt, stylist's own bandana and talent's own jewelry. DIESEL jacket, dress, t-shirt, and talent's own ring. When I point out the fact that they seem to be inseparable from social media themselves, Lexi insists, “I’d like to live in the moment.” But of course, if they don’t post about social media on social media, then the message would be lost, “like the tree that fell in the forest.” They may not be the radical art activists that this generation needs, but their approach to art is radical enough to effect change within their immediate art community. The two professional provocateurs have circumvented the “male dominated industry” that is ruled by elite galleries and inaccessible “high art.” Instead, they use a DIY approach to get accessible art to the youthful masses: “That’s why we like to make it relatable, because we don’t want it to feel like it’s inaccessible. Even if it’s at a price point, we don’t want the creative to feel out of reach.”  When asked what Warhol would do with an app like Instagram, the girls immediately concur: “Warhol would probably have over ten million followers on Instagram. He would own Instagram. Andy and Kim Kardashian would be really good friends.” Although the twins and many others may universally appreciate Warhol today, when he was reflecting on celebrity and consumer culture in the ’60s, he was viewed with much more contention. Similarly, The Kaplan Twins might not be fully appreciated during their time, but they’re redefining the role of artist for the next generation. The controversy that the girls’ work creates paradoxically keeps them in action: “Everyone discussing our work is what inspires us to create our next piece.”  THE KAPLAN TWINS, "DO IT FOR THE GRAM" (2018). OIL PAINT ON CANVAS W/ DIAMOND DUST. 34" X 48". COURTESY OF THE ARTISTS. THE KAPLAN TWINS, "SEND NUDES" (2018). OIL PAINT ON CANVAS. 36" X 36". COURTESY OF THE ARTISTS. Written by Tori Adams Photographed by Yudo Kurita Styled by Nicolas Amato Hair: Amber Duarte Makeup: Sara Tagloa Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   DIOR coat, shirt, and bag, WESTWARD \ LEANING sunglasses, and ISAIAH GARZA earring. DIOR coat, shirt, and bag, BURBERRY leggings, PRADA shoes, WESTWARD \ LEANING sunglasses, and ISAIAH GARZA earring. It’s rarely a good idea to show up early to an appointment in Los Angeles, and last Friday—when I was scheduled to interview rising French actress Lola Bessis—was no exception. The plan had been: conduct a tête-à-tête with Ms. Bessis, star of Amazon’s forthcoming Picnic at Hanging Rock and director of several festival-favorite projects, at 5PM, directly following her photoshoot. But when I showed up to Flaunt at 4:45, Bessis was nowhere to be found—and the photo crew was instead busy shooting a fashion model outside the Hollywood offices. Unsure of what caused the editorial change, I figured I would cut my losses and watch the photoshoot. If I couldn’t interview Bessis, at least I could close the workweek by seeing a professional demonstrate her craft. But upon closer inspection I realized, to my surprise, that the "professional model" was the director and actress herself. I should have known. Bessis wears many hats, I would come to learn, and she wears them all well. PRADA top, MARINE SERRE tights, CHANEL shoes, CHARLOTTE CHESNAIS ring, and PEARL COLLECTIVE earring.  And so in the last shafts of sun angling across Western and into our back lot, I observed as she struck and relinquished poses with practiced cool. Legs crossed and uncrossed; flawless arms folding, draping, and straightening—she cycled through images with the ease of a card dealer shuffling and reshuffling a deck. Although her face was undoubtedly striking—set with melancholy, knowing eyes that might have made her a film star in the silent era—what I was most drawn to were her shoes. With every position and prompt, the sun played upon her Louboutin heels in new and mysterious ways. From one position they glinted pink, another blue, recalling the shifting luster of an abalone shell. I tried to summon the word for a color that appears different from every angle, and, after some time, settled on it: Iridescent. CHANEL sweater, skirt, and belt, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, and NIKE X TDE hat. —— The shoot finished, Bessis is whisked into a back room, emerging a few minutes later looking at ease, free of the hovering camera. In person, she proves to be as effusive and inviting as she is on film, now dressed approachably in sneakers and a punky blue jumpsuit. “Fashion shoots have always felt like more of a game to me,” she says, when asked about the strange woman just seen striking poses outside, “They weren’t always my thing, but now I’m starting to enjoy it—It’s really a lot like acting in that you build your own character and your own world.” And it’s world-building that Bessis, though only 26, is uniquely qualified to comment on. After studying filmmaking at La Sorbonne and NYU, Bessis first gained stateside attention when her film Swim Little Fish Swim traveled the US festival circuit in 2013; aside from directing the offbeat comedy, she displayed in her acting performance a “natural screen presence” that the Village Voice applauded upon the film’s release. At the age of 21, she found herself in the unique position of being noted equally for her talent as both actress and director. NIKE t-shirt, BURBERRY pants, PIERRE HARDY shoes, PRADA hat, MARQUES ‘ ALMEIDA sunglasses, PEARL COLLECTIVE earring, and CHARLOTTE CHESNAIS ring. What followed was a steady flow of new projects: she appeared in 10 episodes of the French sitcom France KBEK; her auteur cred was buttressed by her involvement in 9 short films; most notably, she stole scenes in the aforementioned Thirst Street, playing the role of Charlie—a bemusing, lesbian burlesque dancer working the underbelly of Parisian nightlife. And though she claims the world of fashion is somewhat foreign to her, the industry, apparently, does not apparently—Chloé tabbed her to direct a series of short advertorial films just last year. All of this, though, is just lead-up to what might be her proper introduction to American audiences. Picnic at Hanging Rock, helmed by veteran showrunner Larysa Kondracki, looks to be generating a fair bit of buzz in advance of its US debut. Called a “decadent feast for the senses” in one early review and likened to the world of Sofia Coppola in another, the series places a paranormal mystery in the center of an all-girls boarding school in Australia, circa 1900. LOUIS VUITTON dress and vest. “I would say it’s a very modern and avant garde feminist period piece,” Bessis says. “Its period, yet at the same time very accurate about what we as women have to go through.” Bessis’ role is that of Dianne de Poitiers, the school’s “mistress of French Conversation”—and one of several characters at the fictional school who seek to mould and shape its students into “proper” feminine form. That is, at least, until three students vanish, sending their remote community into paranoid psychological territory reminiscent of David Lynch. And unlike the 1975 Peter Weir film that precedes it, the school depicted in this version of Picnic prominently features characters of indigenous background—not to mention a committed exploration of homoerotic dynamics between characters. PRADA top, MARINE SERRE tights, CHANEL shoes, and CHARLOTTE CHESNAIS ring. “The writers of this show were very talented...It deals with race issues, homosexuality, female emancipation,” Bessis says, “It deals with how to truly be yourself —whatever people may think.” In Bessis’s world, “being herself” is not limited to her ambitions on screen. Already hard at work on her directorial follow up to Swim, Bessis exposes herself to be a true film nerd when asked about filmmakers she looks up to. “I love Noah Baumbach and Greta Gerwig, Jim Jarmusch and Spike Lee,” she says, also namedropping young French directors like Virgil Vernier and Justine Triet. “My truest interest is in film. I’ve always loved acting and fashion—but I don’t think I could ever stop directing films.” Budding actress. Independent filmmaker. The girl in the iridescent heels. All depending on what angle, and what light, you choose to appreciate her in.  Written by Dylan Chase Photographer: Nick Green  Stylist: Mui-Hai Chu Hair: Dritan Vushaj using Sachajuan at Forward Artists Makeup: Jadyn Ngo at The Visionaries Agency    Video: Logan Rice      Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Known for their gender-fluid designs and provocative runway shows, Eckhaus Latta, will present their first art exhibition at The Whitney Museum in New York. The exhibition is an immersive experience; an opportunity to engage with the work on a personal level instead of the typical spectator sport format of Fashion Week. The Whitney has created a space that allows you to understand the brand and how their deisgns comes to fruition. “The Eckhaus Latta: Possessed” is a three-part installation that includes a retail space featuring their collection, a display of fashion photography, and a security room where attendees can watch live surveillance footage of the exhibit. The brand's creative directors, Zoe Latta and Mike Eckhaus, met at Rhode Island School of Design. Although they had a clear creative synergy, they explored different creative avenues post-grad. Eckhaus worked as an Accessory Designer at Marc Jacobs, while Latta sold prints to designers for Opening Ceremony. Between NYC-based Eckhaus and LA-based Latta, the two eventually decided to crystallize their own collaborative trajectory by designing a bi-coastal brand that reflects their shared vision. Six years later, they have been selected as finalists for the 2018 LVMH. The duo can also boast about a major art breakthrough: this is The Whitney's first fashion-related show in 21 years (the last being the Andy Warhol Exhibit in 1997). Eckhaus Latta currently has the support of 44 major retailers including Nordstroms, Ssense, Opening Ceremony and Matchesfashion. The exhibition is open to the public from August 3rd to October 8th. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Flaunt's 20th anniversary is fast approaching, so we decided to start celebrating early with a few poolside games and a few rounds of 'Would you Rather'. We chatted with the models about the highs and lows of their own 20th birthdays, fantasy parties, and their best wishes for Flaunt's big 2-0.  Ariel King /Freedom Models IG: @etherealariel 1. Best ever bday present you got and worst.  Best: Best friend necklace from the Hayden planetarium in New York. Worst: A mermaid carving out of wood from my mom. It was expensive but useless .  2. What did you do for your 20th bday? I intentionally booked a flight to avoid celebrating. 3. What do you wish to Flaunt for 20th? I wish that people would appreciate print more.    Would you rather? 1. Have a surprise party or plan it yourself? Surprise party 2. Magician or clown? Magician 3. Disney Princess or Wild West party theme? Neither; BDSM Wild West party 4. Red velvet or ice cream cake? Both; red velvet ice cream 5. Stripper in a cake or karaoke bar? Both; stripper in a red velvet cake.  6. Who would you rather have perform at your party: The Spice Girls or a hologram of Prince?  Hologram of Prince, how is that even a question? Kendall Harris /Nous Models IG: @kendallharris 1. Best ever bday present you got and worst. Best: 2 cats that I bought myself. Worst: nothing. 2. What did you do for your 20th bday? I moved to LA. My mom and I went on a Hollywood van tour. 3. What do you wish to Flaunt for 20th? 20 more great years!!   Would you rather? 1. Have a surprise party or plan it yourself? Surprise party 2. Magician or clown? Both awful! Tarot card reader 3. Disney Princess or Wild West party theme? Wild West 4. Red velvet or ice cream cake? Ice cream cake 5. Stripper in a cake or karaoke bar? Karaoke Bar 6. Who would you rather have perform at your party: The Spice Girls or a hologram of Prince?  Spice Girls Askyla De La Plaine / Freedom Models IG: @askyladelaplaine 1. Best ever bday present you got and worst. Best: A Set of Japanese knives from my mom. Worst: iTunes gift card when I had a Zune. 2. What did you do for your 20th bday? Went to a movie, Doctor Strange. 3. What do you wish to Flaunt for 20th? 20 great more years!   Would you rather? 1. Have a surprise party or plan it yourself? Plan it myself 2. Magician or clown? Magician 3. Disney Princess or Wild West party theme? Wild West 4. Red velvet or ice cream cake? Both 5. Stripper in a cake or karaoke bar? Karaoke Bar 6. Who would you rather have perform at your party: The Spice Girls or a hologram of Prince?  Hologram of Prince Alexa Marie Fallica / Freedom Models IG: @alexafallica 1. Best ever bday present you got and worst. Best: A check to buy a plane ticket to see my grandpa. Worst: Amazon prime gift card, but I don't use amazon. It expired. 2. What would you do for your 20th bday? I want to travel to Europe with good friends.  3. What do you wish to Flaunt for 20th? Big birthday cake, lots of good vibes and positivity.   Would you rather? 1. Have a surprise party or plan it yourself? Surprise party 2. Magician or clown? Definitely not a clown! Magician 3. Disney Princess or Wild West party theme? Wild West party 4. Red velvet or ice cream cake? Red Velvet 5. Stripper in a cake or karaoke bar? Stripper in a cake 6. Who would you rather have perform at your party: The Spice Girls or a hologram of Prince?  Spice girls Aliya Protto / Nous Models IG: @aliyadenae_official 1. Best ever bday present you got and worst. Best: a journal. Worst: A wig. A QVC old lady wig. 2. What did you do for your 20th bday? I was in Estonia competing at a rhythmic gymnast meet. I was training my butt off and my friends got me one piece of chocolate because that’s all I was allowed to have (coach said no chocolate). 3. What do you wish to Flaunt for 20th? Longevity, success, and a huge bouquet of flowers.    Would you rather? 1. Have a surprise party or plan it yourself? Surprise party. Plan it myself and I will get overwhelmed and cancel 2. Magician or clown? Magician. I hate clowns, they scare me. 3. Disney Princess or Wild West party theme? Wild West party 4. Red velvet or ice cream cake? Red velvet. I love ice cream but not ice cream cake. 5. Stripper in a cake or karaoke bar? Stripper in a cake; I can't sing. 6. Who would you rather have perform at your party: The Spice Girls or a hologram of Prince?  Hologram of Prince, I think I would start crying. Sydney Sylvester / Nomad Mgmt IG: @sydneysylvester_ 1. Best ever bday present you got and worst. Best: 11th meteor shower (from the universe). Worst: Pearl earrings from grandma when I didn’t have my ears pierced. 2. What would you do for your 20th bday? I really want to go to Africa and do a wildlife safari. 3. What do you wish to Flaunt for 20th? Longevity of magazine, good reception, good content, and to change people’s lives with magazine.   Would you rather? 1. Have a surprise party or plan it yourself? Surprise party 2. Magician or clown? Magician 3. Disney Princess or Wild West party theme? Princess Belle is my icon. 4. Red velvet or ice cream cake? Ice cream cake 5. Stripper in a cake or karaoke bar? Stripper in a cake. Karaoke gives me anxiety. 6. Who would you rather have perform at your party: The Spice Girls or a hologram of Prince?  Spice Girls! Moe Stuck / Nous Models IG: @moestuck 1. Best ever bday present you got and worst. Best: Stand out 21st birthday! My man got me scrapbook photo album with all our adventures because it meant so much to me. It was so much work and so out of character for him.  Worst- grateful for anything! Never got a bad gift, even a card means a lot more than an item. Worst is something very expensive because it would make me feel uncomfortable and show you don’t know me at all. 2. What did you do for your 20th bday? College dinner, no money, not 21, stuck in small town, dinner with family, grandma, and mom. Iowa college. 3. What do you wish to Flaunt for 20th? Original-cake with 20 candles; everyone can share it.   Would you rather? 1. Have a surprise party or plan it yourself? Surprise party, fun and spontaneous 2. Magician or clown? Magician 3. Disney Princess or Wild West party theme? Wild West party 4. Red velvet or ice cream cake? Ice cream, heck yeah! 5. Stripper in a cake or karaoke bar? Karaoke bar, are you kidding me!? 6. Who would you rather have perform at your party: The Spice Girls or a hologram of Prince?  Spice Girls, tough choice. Produced by Linda Nyvltova & Andie Eisen Photography Jose Cervantes Location The Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO dress. LOUIS VUITTON vest and blouse and stylist’s own underwear and socks. VALENTINO shirt, DOLCE & GABBANA underwear, and DAVID YURMAN necklace. JIL SANDER dress. ACNE STUDIOS pants. CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC dress. JUUN J. shirt. VIVIENNE WESTWOOD pants. JIL SANDER dress. Photographer:Grant James-ThomasStylist: Jimi UrquiagaHair: Kim RoyMakeup: Bunny HazelModels:Sophie Klock / Premier Model Management & Lucas Sweeney / Premier Model Management  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   At the early age of 15, Jerome Lamaar plunged into the fashion industry, interning and hustling before landing a position as a Senior Designer and Creative Brand Coordinator for Kimora Lee Simmon’s Baby Phat at 18. It's only been up from there. In 2013, after traveling the globe and doing consulting work for some of the world's biggest brands he launched 5:31 JEROME "a playful womenswear collection which fuses his love for embellishments, maximalism, glamor, and South Bronx street-style." His innovative, irrepressible style and unstoppable passion for what he does have ensured success as he pursues his own vision, becoming a sort of all-in-one creative powerhouse, pushing boundaries and redefining fashion by combining his love for textiles and maximalism with his signature Bronx-inflected take on "street glam". People are paying attention: his work has been supported by a star-studded roster of movers and shakers, including Kim Kardashian, Beyonce, Hailey Baldwin, and Alicia Keys, to name a few. Lamaar has also launched an arts and culture movement combining his passion for music and content creation with fashion, opening 9J Studio, a creative space and retail concept in a developing South Bronx neighborhood. Currently, the creative director is partnered with Japanese casual wear designer Uniqlo and is using his time to curate fresh designs and stylistic approaches, "bringing the Bronx to the world," as he says. With so much on the stove, it's no wonder he does more in a weekend than most of us manage in a month. We had him take us along for a whirlwind tour of a weekend in his world. 2pm : South Bronx My weekends are always packed with great activities so I do my best to use the days wisely. I somehow stretch the hours to make them feel like days and manage to get a lot of things done.  As a creative consultant I am constantly on the move and always in work mode, therefore, weekends for me actually are my time to make room to see friends and family as I am known for being such a worker that I never go out of my studio. What can I say, I actually love what I do, so it never feels like I'm working. Ironically, I accepted several invitations to attend events, dinners and outings as I made a promise to myself that I will use all of the month of May to hang out with family and friends more.  I am focused on making my vision of South Bronx Luxe as pic as possible, so I hopped in my Lyft car and ventured into various parts of NYC to connect the Bronx to the World.  I am constantly seeking inspiration. I try to find locations that feels new and interesting. The local pizza bar, Nobody's Pizza, is full of art, prints of Basquiat, and tasty pizza you can create to fit your mood. I had a great chance to think though some concepts while snacking. I actually saw a bunch of great locals who supported my boutique in the shop and reconnected. After, I went back to my studio and created some mood boards. 4pm My friend DJ NIKKI NARD came to my studio to pull clothes for her gigs over the weekend. We pulled looks that worked best from the archives of my fashion label.  6pm : Soho, NY I had the pleasure of experience the launch of the collaboration between Byredo and Off-White by Virgil Abloh. The launch was full of influencers who were invited to check out the limited edition shirts, bags , and skincare collaboration. Later, a selected group of VIPs were transported to a private dinner at the new hotspot Le Turtle. We ate a 4 course meal , talked about creativity and listened to vinyl. After all the cocktails and light twerking, we left with great Byredo gifts.  11Am : Times Square , NYC I made my way down to the Vevo headquarters for a feature shoot with award-winning Photographer named Cam Robert A.K.A CONTACT, for his "Pastel" photography series. It was great to strip away the shine to show the simplest form of myself for the camera. I felt both comfortable and vulnerable as I never show this side of me. I can't wait to see the actual images.  I had a quick photo shoot for my partnership with Uniqlo around the South Bronx before I headed to another dinner in SoHo. I went back to my studio and changed into a playful look for a meditation and dinner at Gospel. Hosted by my friend, photographer Delphine Diallo. I was surrounded by fellow designers, artists, and curators as we started the night off in a candlelit room, with incense and elixirs made from fresh fruits. The meditation, conducted by Spiritual healer Donna D'Cruz, was profound. We all sat and went inward before eating the tasty vegetarian cuisine and dancing to afro-beats all night.  I woke up and meditated for a few before heading to walk the ICFF trade show at the Javitz Center during NYCXDESIGN WEEK. Creative consultant Brittany Byrd and I were in search of great design as we walked through each booth. Although there was some great ideas, nothing was ground breaking or really stood out... I think maybe we should do something to shake things up next NY DESIGN WEEK. Who knows....We were so hungry after walking for hours and called a Lyft take us downtown to grab lunch at The Standard in the meatpacking district. There, we discussed tons of creative ideas before long we had to head to our next appointment for the days.  After walking across town I had to stop into Insomnia ice cream shop and cop me an ice-cream sandwich they call a Cookiewich.  It was about 80 degrees out so it was a great way to cool down as I head uptown to my sister's barbecue for obtaining her Master's Degree. I had so much fun seeing my family and winning every game of Jenga...as usual...all while sipping fruity cocktails.  Shortly, after winning the multiple matches, I headed back downtown to celebrate my friend Katini's Birthday at mediterranean restaurant Cielo over yet another private dinner. I decided to have the tagine which was yummy and a mocktail...as I didn't want to wake up with a migraine. I met many great funny people that night and I was very happy I decided to not flake.  Overall, this super eventful weekend made me realize how much fun things could be if I do take a break. I do love what I do, so I guess this summer is going to be funner as I plan to get out of my studio more over the weekends to explore, support and relax.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   “What’s at stake?” said Burak Cakmak, the Dean of the School of Fashion at the Parsons School of Design as he introduced the different categories of special prizes for the graduating class of 2018. What Cakmak meant is that a fashion education at Parsons isn’t just about the fundamentals of design, but how fashion and the design has to address larger societal, economic, cultural and even the political environment in a rapidly changing world. The 'Gender Theme,' for instance, encompasses fashion projects that examine, redefine, and reimagine gender and gender roles across cultural, social, political and personal experience. “Boss gave us many old jackets, pants and coats and we repurpose these old and used garments and create new garments that is completely different from what we were given,” said Irene Lu, one of the five student member of the Boss Skeleton team that included Elijah Depries, Camila Hopkinson, Alex O’Brien and Lara Tang. She showed the inner linings of a black patchwork wool jacket with a shiny polyester lining. Nearby Jose Luis Cabrera explained the mono-material light navy single breasted slim suit made entirely with just one fabric in a circular design system so as to minimize waste, water consumption, and manpower as part of the Boss One initiatives with his teammates Annabella Waszkiewicz and Gwyneth Ong.  The students aim to achieve a greater understanding and participation in sustainability projects that also involves the consumer, who can return old clothes to stores to exchange for other items.  Graduating students adhere to their chosen theme and excel in creating garments as an expression of their thesis. “One of our best friends, Christina M, is paralyzed in both arms. We are creating a collection of clothes that redefine the normative systems of dress—like this skirt that has a long string attached so that Christina can use her leg or even the door knob to pull the skirt up,” said Yu Chen and Claudia Poh of their collaboration called Cair Collective. The pair made a video showing how Christina is able to independently put on the dresses and skirts and even a pair of pants.  Fashion is part of and a reflection of ongoing societal upheavals such as the recent reactions among young people to gun violence. Kara Moss called her thesis ‘An Armor of Vulnerability’ as she used real bullet casing shell, embroidered black laces used in making lingerie, and corset pieces. Annie Leung saw the same devastation of gun violence but opted for a different approach in offering clothes that are more protective like police uniforms made in black silk satin and utilitarian garments. William Stautberg designed his thesis collection around the very basic high school and college preppy looks but with significant twists like a white or gingham singlet jumpsuit made with university Oxford shirting stripe. Stautberg transforms the familiarity of the preppy garments by extending and adding new elements.  SiXuan aims to translate the design menswear concept through the innovative use of deconstruction, but with creative garments that are still wearable. “Civil Disobedience,” the title of her thesis, reflects important Chinese social issues through the redesign of the uniforms of six categories of people and identities—doctors, priests, prisoners, lawyers, artists, and students.  The priest outfit is a black long sleeve tunic jacket with a beige pleated high collar turtleneck and long pants with slits at the bottom. The prisoner look composes of a khaki X cross sleeve jacket similar to a garment worn by inmates of insane asylums. Making fashion that is also a form of social engagement merges with an activist's call for attention to human rights on an epic scale.  Miles Socha, the editor of WWD, reminded the student graduates that they are entering a very different world, a world that has gone from globalization to digitalization, where fashion plays a greater role in fostering conversations on integration, on sustainability of the fashion system, and on social change. “Status is much less important now.  Trends no longer come from the high fashion runway.  Creativity comes from thinkers and storytellers.  Remember the power of dreams and that you, the graduates are the new dream makers.” Socha said.     Guests included: Solange Knowles, Dev Hynes, Kelela, Bethany Frankel, Dapper Dan, Hilary Rhoda, La La Anthony, Marco Bizarre, José Neves, and Rondee Hollis-Jefferson. Written by Long Nguyen  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   SIMONE ROCHA coat. CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC jacket, tank top, and pants. Tommy Dorfman is five minutes early and greets everyone in the room with a hug. Despite being caught up in a whirlwind of a recent move to the West Coast, an upcoming Jenji Kohan project, and the press tour for the second season of 13 Reason’s Why, the 26-year-old actor is on time and sincerely kind. His focus is unbeatable. His groomer fussed around him while we held our conversation, but Dorfman’s direct gaze and precise responses made me almost forget she was there.  Dorfman is not one for foot-in-mouth syndrome. He composes his thoughts carefully, taking unapologetic beats of silence to consider each question. He speaks the way you wish you had written the essay-portion of the S.A.T. Dorfman is best known for his portrayal of know-it-all high schooler, Ryan Shaver on the Netflix series 13 Reasons Why, now in its second season. The first season became a phenomenon for its realistic portrait of the turbulent social climate of a high school in the wake of a student's suicide. The plot centers around a box of cassette tapes that Hannah left for her peers, and the story is told through entangled narratives that arise from their content. When I ask him what he can relate to most about his character Dorfman takes several moments to consider. Ryan is very intelligent, not unlike Dorfman himself, I point out as a prompt. His natural modesty makes him shrink a bit from the compliment. CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC coat, pants, and boots. “I don’t think that I’m not intelligent, I just look at life and work and everything as learning experiences and opportunities to learn. I don’t have the confidence that Ryan has in his intelligence. He is aware to a fault of his intelligence and the way he uses it tends to alienate him. I think you’ll see in Season 2 that he’s coming to terms with his behavior. Over the last few years, particularly with Hannah, it alienated him and didn’t provide opportunities for him to have a lot of friends or meaningful relationships. In Season 2 he’s seeking that out.” When I asked Dorfman what details would need to be added to make his somewhat short Wikipedia page more comprehensive, he made sure to say that it would need to include that he successfully graduated college, an anomaly among his fellow actors. In fact, his advice to young actors is to “Take classes. I think education in other fields benefits you as an actor. For me taking other courses and even struggling through math and science in school helped me become the artist I am today. It feeds my work a lot and gives me skills when it comes to researching characters and writing that perhaps I didn’t have.” The issue of inclusion is especially important to him, considering the barriers he has faced in his own experiences as part of the LGBTQ community. “I’ve found that right now I am not allotted the same opportunities as other people for roles that I’m qualified for, sometimes overqualified for. Some people in power aren’t super creative, I guess. They struggle to separate my personal queerness from my work. I think that’s often why you see straight people playing all the gay roles in films because there is not a lot of trust that queer people are financeable.” SIMONE ROCHA skirt, STELLA MCCARTNEY boxers, REEBOK shoes, JACQUEMUS hat, and RENVI necklaces.  Dorfman hopes that his career will have some effect on changing that narrative. He expresses, “Should you fall somewhere underneath the LGBTQ umbrella or the non-binary world in which I exist, I would hope that some of the work I do makes it easier for you to come in to this industry without as much prejudice and judgment.”  I asked Dorfman if he always wanted to be an actor. He considers, “I don’t know if actor was the word I had. I think I really just wanted to be some kind of performer and storyteller. I was really a kid who lived in magical worlds. I spent a lot of my childhood, and still today, in Fantasyland, and I check out of reality a lot and daydream.” He didn't let the truth get in the way of a good story. “I was a liar when I was little," Dorfman confesses. "I would always tell stories to my parents’ friends and my cousins and over-dramatize everything. To me, that’s a form of performance.” This penchant for fantasy has stayed with Dorfman to this day, and even amidst the uncertainty that comes with pursuing a career as an actor, he's ever hopeful. “I believe in a certain level of magic; I believe that I’m taken care of in one way or another.” Dorfman lowers his voice, leans in, and let’s his words carry out wistfully. “As an artist you’re surfing, and sometimes you catch a wave, and it’s a really good wave, like a show that goes on for two years like 13 Reasons Why, and you take that wave as far as you can take it. Then you’re at the shore and you have to go back in to the water and you don’t know if you’re going to get another wave, but you have to trust that you will at some point.” SIMONE ROCHA coat, NIKE socks, and VANS shoes. Written by Kathleen Juarez Photographed by Keith Oshiro  Styled by Chris Horan  Groomed by Emily Dawn using Oribe Hair Care and CHANEL Palette Essentielle Flaunt film by Logan Rice  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   To commemorate Mr. Levi Strauss inventing maybe the most important fashion staple to date, the 501 jean, Levi's launches a collaboration with stylist Karla Welch and her brand, x karla. The Levi's x karla 501 line is a collection of nine pieces that are based on the classic 501 jean or other classic Levi's patterns. Karla looked towards her past and future as inspiration for the collection which included her love of the Dallas Cowboy's cheerleaders (I'll let you guess which piece stemmed from that) and thinking about those future cool teens on Mars. “I wanted to imagine what the future of vintage was,” says Welch. “If people inhabit Mars 200 years from now, what are the kids going to wear? This idea of creating something that would eventually become an iconic piece of vintage clothing is the basis of the whole collection.” The campaign features all female starlets: Amber Heard, Amber Valletta, Hailey Baldwin, Yara Shahidi, Michelle Monaghan, Busy Philipps, Sarah Paulson, Holland Taylor, Tracee Ellis Ross, America Ferrera, SZA, Courtney Eaton, Ke’Andra Samone, Little Big Town's Karen Fairchild & Kimberly Schlapman, Karen O, Lisa Love, SoKo, Erica Cloud, Angela Davis, Carolyn Murphy, Mackenzie Davis, Natalie Manuel Lee, Judy Greer, Laura Brown, Yael Cohen Braun, Clementine Welch, Sophie Reed, and Levi’s® Karyn Hillman and Jen Sey. With the launch of the collaboration, Levi's will be making a donation to Everytown, in support of gun safety. The collection will be available for purchase on 501 Day, May 20th. Check out the moving portrait series here: What better way to celebrate an 145th birthday than with mega act performances by Yeah Yeah Yeahs, SZA, Ms. Lauren Hill, and a DJ set by Samantha Ronson. Wednesday's bash at the Hollywood Palladium kicked off with an outstanding performance by the Yeah Yeah Yeahs where they literally made it rain with Y shaped confetti covering the floor 3 inches deep. SZA's angelic voice inspired the audience so much so that a fan threw her an entire bag of weed on stage! DJ Samantha Ronson kept the crowd dancing until Ms. Lauren Hill came on stage to give a show stopping performance that had the whole room signing. It was a memorable night that everyone (check out the gallery to see just who exactly) came out to celebrate their favorite closet staple, the 501 Jeans' birthday.  Written by Britton Litow  Photos provided by Levi's Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Los Angeles will always be the final frontier of the American west. It is a cul-de-sac of aspirations formed by the wild dreamers too restless to settle before reaching the edge of all possibility. The history of our beloved City of Angels is prelude to the individualism etched in every neighborhood housed in the untamed sprawl from the valley to Venice beach. Bonded together as like-minded idealists, LA will always be a site of pilgrimage for all individuals unsatisfied with the status quo. Celebrating it’s twentieth year in Los Angeles, Flaunt numbers among the millennial twenty-somethings giving a voice to the shapeshifting face of the city. After the launch of our Prelude Issue: Volume One of our 20th Anniversary campaign, we are looking to Baxter of California for that clean shave and perfect coif to give us a fresh face for our birthday celebration. Baxter of California holds a mirror to Los Angeles in more ways than one. As a men’s grooming brand specializing in hair and skincare products, Baxter encourages us Angelinos amplify our individual style, emboldened by their expertly crafted products. Baxter of California’s Global General Manager, Yann Joffredo states, “To us, grooming is much more than personal care—it’s about embracing your own imperfections and feeling empowered to make your own unique mark in the world.” Baxter products are tools in service of our own self-image and not any prescriptive standard of beauty.  Founded in 1965 by Baxter Finley, this company strides confidently through the intersection between individuality and community. This company capstone is manifested in their "Life Lived True" campaign, which explores all walks of life in Los Angeles. All spectrums of race, religion, and gender are given a voice in “Life Lived True.” To spearhead this campaign, Baxter gathered five unique creatives that act as ambassadors to a unique array of LA subcultures. With the help of 16-year barbering veteran, Julius “Juliuis Caesar” Arriola, each subject is groomed to highlight their personal style. Julius explains, “With these looks, I made sure not to alter the individuals away from their genuine ‘anything and everything goes’ lifestyles, but instead to bring their strong, unique features to the forefront." Baxter of California opens its doors to an extensive spectrum of modern masculinity, not wanting to be narrowly defined as a ‘men’s brand', they’ve turned their focus to the relationships between subcultures in Los Angeles: skate, surf, art, music and indie. Baxter has delved into the various iconic LA subcultures by taking portraits and shooting portraits and video at ‘locals only’ spots such as Jimmy’s Burgers, Sunset Boulevard and parts of Downtown LA. Yasmin Dastmalchi, Global Head of Marketing explains, “Both he [Julius] and our company believe that creative expression must always be free from stereotypes and judgement—Los Angeles isn’t about putting people in a box, it’s about tearing down walls.” Whether you have the shaggy mane of a British rocker or that bleached NSYNC pixie coif of a skater chick, Baxter of California wants you to live the truest version of your unique style.  Baxter of California continues to explore the ever-evolving zeitgeist of Los Angeles though the lens of their “Life Lived True” campaign. Through a series of pop-ups in LA this June, men and women of LA will get a chance to experience the complimentary barbering and skincare services that Baxter provides. Baxter asks us to embody California as a state of mind, a “Life Lived True” is about following your internal compass and becoming a pioneer of your own style. It might be the wild west out here, but even cowboys need a clean shave sometimes.  Join in and be the first to know about up-coming events! Register at www.baxterofcalifornia.com/email and follow @baxterofca on Instagram.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   What can be said for short-hand emotion? For preparatory hijinks? For universal experience in otherworldly environs? Frankly, a lot. Then: consider Madrid-based artist Lorena Prain and her beautifully strange doings. At her recent solo exhibition at Plate Gallery in Paris, bleeding, perhaps begging to be Biblical fruit suspends in surreal languor, ghoulish dogs with candles mounted on their backs signal pending attack, otherwordly and bepimpled youths are rendered sheepishly vulnerable in free-form acrylic. Classic sentiments are boiled down and instantaneous, despite the craft or time that might have been spent to get here. Such is the preparatory condition of preparing this issue, volume one of our 20th anniversary, and such was the visionary dalliance displayed by none other than Karl Lagerfeld in 1965 when the five Fendi sisters asked him to create a logo for a small modern collection of furs. In “five seconds,” as he recalls, he sketched out the iconic “double flipped” F’s as an artful abbreviation of the words “Fun Furs.” An instant classic was born. Since then, the logo has been reinterpreted in countless variations, while always symbolizing the quirk and elegance of the Fendi ethos. With the rampant revival of 1980s logomania, the double flipped F’s are back in the spotlight, and revelers of brash-meets-cool complication, à la Ms. Prain, offer up what we’ve always known: things that start with ‘F’ (fast, fire, fury, par exemple) and a number of others which need not earn mention here, are better in multiples. Photographed by Fe Pinheiro Styled by Ivonna Yvon Model: Lorena Infantes Prain Hair: Rimi Ura Makeup: Masae Ito Photographed at: Gallery M14 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Winnie Harlow  Jess Glynne perform  Laura Harrier  Raúl de Nieves and Chloe Sevigny  Jess Glynne  Daniel Paltridge, Alan Faena Candice Swanepoel, Winnie Harlow, Jess Glynne, Chloë Sevigny, and Laura Harrier Through a collaboration between Bvlgari and Art Production Fund, the public Raúl de Nieves sculpture, When I Look in to Your Eyes I See the Sun, was released last night during Art Basel Miami. To celebrate, Bvlgari hosted a cocktail and dinner party at The Faena Hotel.  The fabulous guests, including Laura Harrier, Chloe Sevigny, and Winnie Harlow, explored the hotel garden and admired the new sculpture, amidst the sounds of DJ DeSe and DJ Bebe. Later, they were treated to dinner and a live performance by Jess Glynne. The When I Look in to Your Eyes I See the Sun will be on display at The Faena Hotel in Miami Beach from Dec 5 to Dec 10. Photos Courtesy of BVLGARI / Madison Voelkel/ Vlad Weinstein   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   HAN WEN dresses. right: VICTORIA HAYES coat, HAN WEN pants, shoes, and earrings, and GEORGINE purse. left: BEATRICE B jacket, CHENG pants, HAN WEN shoes, and GEORGINE necklace. BEATRICE B jacket, CHENG pants, HAN WEN shoes, and GEORGINE necklace. VICTORIA HAYES coat, HAN WEN pants and earrings, and GEORGINE purse. XULY.BËT jumpsuit and HAN WEN pants and shoes. XULY.BËT jumpsuit and HAN WEN pants. VICTORIA HAYES shirt, pants, collar, and pin. VICTORIA HAYES shirt, pants, collar, and pin. XULY.BËT jacket, CAROLINA SARRIA dress, HAN WEN shoes, and VICTORIA HAYES collar. XULY.BËT jacket, CAROLINA SARRIA dress, HAN WEN shoes, and VICTORIA HAYES collar.  Photographed by Justin French  Styled by Ani Hovhannisyan Hair & Makeup by Sheri Pinto  Stylist Assisted by Moon Iciana Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Louis Vuitton introduces the first ever men’s fragrance collection of Les Parfums Louis Vuitton. The collection consists of five unique perfumes: L’Immensité, Nouveau Monde, Orage, Sur La Route and Au Hasard. Each LV scent embodies a unique profile ranging from woody to citrusy, breezy to earthy, with subtle notes of spice or floral to embolden the fragrance.  Jacques Cavallier Belletrud, exclusive Master Perfumer, skillfully designed these perfumes in the heart of Grasse, France, otherwise known as the mecca of perfume making. The bottles, created by Marc Newson carry a simplistic yet sleek image on transparent glass that captures the vision of Louis Vuitton. The collection is set to launch May 31st at select Louis Vuitton stores.   AU HASARD: A fragrance between shadow and light, surprising and unveiling progressively. Fresh woody. Top notes: Cardamom, Ambrette Seed, Sandalwood L’IMMENSITÉ: A wide and breezy fragrance, refreshing and invigorating. Fresh aromatic Top notes: Gingers, Grapefruit, Labdanum  NOUVEAU MONDE: A fragrance that evokes the hot desert breeze, with its woody, suave and spicy hints. Woody oriental Top notes: Oud Wood, Cocoa, Saffron  ORAGE: A vegetal and earthy essential fragrance, with a new expression of woods, intensified and magnified. Woody. Top notes: Iris, Ambrette Seed, Patchouli (20%)  SUR LA ROUTE: A light and fresh fragrance, combining comfort and softness. Citrussy aromatic. Top notes: Citron, Bergamot Orange, Peru Balsam  Written by Allyson Borunda  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   PRADA X JAMES JEAN bag. GUCCI X ELTON JOHN tote. CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC X ANDY WARHOL/ DENNIS HOPPER 1971 scarf. DIOR X JACK PERSON bag. LOUIS VUITTON X JEFF KOONS MASTER SERIES 2 MANET bag. LOEWE X WILLIAM MORRIS keychain bag. MAX MARA X WHITNEY MUSEUM X RENZO PIANO bag. PHOTOGRAPHED BY Ruvan Wijesooriya MODEL: Jasmine Poulton Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   GIORGIO ARMANI jacket.  BURBERRY X GOSHA RUBCHINSKIY jacket, (X)IST t-shirt, and GOSHA RUBCHINSKIY jeans. JIL SANDER shirt and pants. BURBERRY X GOSHA RUBCHINSKIY jacket. DIOR HOMME jacket. HERMÈS jacket. OFF WHITE C/O VIRGIL ABLOH jean jacket. DRIES VAN NOTEN coat, BERLUTI shirt and pants, and FLORSHEIM shoes. COACH 1941 cardigan and pants and CALVIN KLEIN UNDERWEAR t-shirt. OFFICINE GÉNÉRALE jacket and pants. LOUIS VUITTON sweater and t-shirt. BOSS coat, sweater, and pants. Photography: Rishad Mistri Style Director: Long Nguyen Model: Louis Marzin @ Soul Artist Management, NY Fashion Editor: Zaquan Champ Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   BVLGARI Omnia Pink Sapphire Generation Z. These post-Millennials are making waves. What potential lies in the developing tastes of those born in the internet age? Even though these teens drive much of the social media and beauty market, not too many companies have coined in and marketed their products to this untapped population of consumers.   That is, until BVLGARI announced their new Omnia Pink Sapphire, created precisely for these  youthful patrons. Straight from the mind of legendary perfumer Alberto Morillas, the scent has selected three fresh faces to represent the brand - including the IMG signed model and YouTuber  Amanda Steele, fashion influencer Margaret Zhang, and Bieber-Protegée singer Madison Beer. Now available at Macy's, the perfume has notes of fizzy pink pomelo, pink pepper and tiare flower. Eager to learn more about this tantalizing scent and marketing campaign, we decided to sit down and chat with both the mastermind and the muse. ALBERTO MORILLAS What does the Gen Z consumer look like, and do they have any qualities that resemble any generation from the past? Or is this a truly unique generation to cater to? The Gen Z consumer combines the sense of belonging to a group as well as the deep desire of being unique. Because all generations have various high expectations, creating fragrances for any type of consumer is always a big challenge.  Gen Z is a daringly unique generation, and giving them the opportunity fully experience novelties is truly exciting. The Gen Z consumer is so connected, they can access any dream! I imagined a fragrance that stylizes their singular, unswerving confidence and cheeky personality. With the new Bvlgari Omnia Pink Sapphire fragrance, I invite the Gen Z person to escape from their daily life, to jump into an enchanted world, in a concentration of exuberance and boldness.  You have described this scent as one of “Dream and Escape.” Is that something you notice that young people right now need?  Omnia Pink Sapphire is a sweet escape into exotic dreams. Through this sparkling and festive fragrance I wanted to share these precious moments in faraway paradises with young women who dream of daring to be themselves. Ambitious, loving, experimental, determined, spontaneous and talkative, Gen Z’s live their life out loud and in color. Having fun, they try new things and learn, thinking positively. Young people connect to the world directly. Like a lucky charm, Omnia Pink Sapphire reminds them that there are no mistakes and there is no perfection. There’s only adventure.   You have created a lot of perfumes for many different types of people. How has the perfume industry changed since you started? How has the taste of consumers changed over the years? Fragrance is the mirror of society; it has evolved a lot throughout the years.  Today women and men are looking for high quality fragrances that naturally fit their mood and personality. We have entered a time of high quality and figurative story telling. Traditional perfumery codes are more and more re-visited, but with a modern twist. Gen Z’s embody this new youthfulness, expressing a deliberately different tone in order to highlight their energy and increase their audacious love for life. These young consumers spontaneously look for authentic experiences, reach for what they genuinely like, and are passionate about everything they tackle. AMANDA STEELE How do you relate to some of the concept of notes of the perfume: sparkling, exuberant, daring, and adventurous? I feel like the fragrance represents me super well! The scent is sparkling and fun but also super bold. I love when I feel fun and confident. This fragrance helps me embrace it. What defines some of your personal perfume staples?I always go towards fragrances that have a musky tone. Depending on the event, I'll switch between something light and floral and a bold musky scent. This perfume is amazing because it gives me both. What do you feel your generation is looking for in a signature scent? I think our generation is looking for a scent that makes us feel bold and confident. Perfume is a super fun way to step outside your comfort zone. Written by Alex Muñoz Photographed by Jim Turner  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Tommy Dorfman and Roman Blanchard sporting some Disney x Coach at Flaunt's G-Eazy X /Nyden event. This Coach won’t turn into a pumpkin at the stroke of midnight!  Coach introduces “A Dark Fairy Tale” for their Pre-Fall 2018 collection. In their third collaboration with Disney, this ready-to-wear collection embraces the darker side of our beloved childhood classics. Using iconography from Snow White and the Seven Dwarves and Sleeping Beauty, this playful take on nostalgia is edgy, ironic, and totally enchanting.  Coach Creative Director, Stuart Vevers states, “I have always loved Disney—both the movies and the fantasy worlds created that have captured my imagination for many decades. It was fun to explore the darker side of these stories and mix Disney’s nostalgic charm with Coach’s creativity to bring my memories from these fairy tales to life within our world of accessories and ready-to-wear. The Disney spirit truly reinforces the new youthful perspective we are bringing to luxury at Coach.” Coach's collaboration repurposes motifs of poison apples, wide-eyed creatures, and shadowy castles irreverently juxtaposed with Rock-n'-Roll fonts, bold leather detailing, and American sportswear. The collection feels like an artful fever dream of gothic fables and New York street wear.  Today in New York City,  ‘Disney x Coach: A Dark Fairy Tale’ launches the collection with an event at Coach's Soho location. The collection will be available globally on May 14th in stores and at coach.com. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Apparently 'coolness' is a dominant gene in the Merkel family. As recent LA transplants from London, you may recognize the sibling model duo: Emilia and Fenton Merkell. We've first introduced them in our #poolaroid summer series in 2017, and we got to know them a little better during this 'My Own Private Idaho x The Suicide Diaries' inspired editorial, photographed by Gabrielle Revere.    Emilia, 16, is a model and and aspiring filmmaker. I grew up with a mom (Patsy Palmer) as an actress, and loved the whole world of it. Moving to LA was a huge change for me, but I wouldn’t ever want to be anywhere else, although I will always have my English roots.  How do you like working with Fenton? I am very close with my brother and I'm very grateful to have him by my side as we start our careers. Fenton and I occasionally read each other’s minds in certain situations. It’s more like we will look at each other in public and burst out laughing because I know exactly what he's thinking. Working with Fenton is great, it makes modeling more fun, and we get to goof off and take work less seriously. We already hang out on most days, so it's super easy to work together. My favorite thing about Fenton is honestly just how he will always have my back. How is your new life in Los Angeles? I love living in LA. The sunshine makes me extremely happy, and it’s a truly beautiful place to live. When I hang with friends I’m usually at someone’s house, or we will be getting food as we are always hungry, and then in summer, I be spending 100% of my time at the beach.    Fenton, 17, model.  How do you like working with your sister? Lately we have been working together a lot and it’s so fun to always have someone to talk to. We are always laughing and messing around and I feel most confident when she is around. You and Emilia seem really close. We have been best friends since we were little. We have the same friend group, she is my Irish twin. We do everything together, so we are very similar. We watch the same shows, we like the same sports and music. She copies me a lot. She is more mature than me but I’m funnier. What is your life like in LA? Me and friends are always out and about, playing basketball, going to parties. When I’m not doing that, I will sit at home with my girlfriend and watch Netflix for two days straight. I love being with my little brother and playing with him and his little friends. My house is the perfect family house so I love being around my family. I’m always writing, watching movies, listening to music.   Photographed by Gabrielle Revere Written by Linda Nyvltova STYLING: SANDRO Printed T-Shirt , MOSCHINO + My Little Pony Intarsia Wool Mini Dress, BEAM PLUS Striped T-Shirt, ALL SAINTS Denim Jacket, Gucci Angry Cat Appliqué T-Shirt, SUPREME Exclusive Les Enfants Terribles T-Shirt Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Vatican Liturgical Celenbrations  Vatican Liturgical Celebrations Collection  McQueen SS1999   Dior HC AW2000-01   Christian Lacroix AW2009-2010 HC   Dior Bohan SS1961   Philip Treacy 2001    Gareth Pugh AW2011    Undercover Jun Tajahashi SS2015   YSL AW1977-1978 HC   Dior AW HC 2006-2007   Balenciaga SS2017   Thom Browne AW 2018   Raf Simons AW2000    Jean Paul Gaultier SS1994   McQueen AW1997  “Why is the Church here?” His Eminence Timothy Michael Cardinal Dolan, the Archbishop of New York asked the audience inside the sumptuous Temple of Dendur at the preview for the largest exhibition ever mounted by the Metropolitan Museum of Art that spanned over 60,000 square feet covering more than 25 galleries in the Byzantine, medieval arts and the Anna Wintour Costume Center at both Met Fifth Avenue and The Met at the Cloisters in Fort Tryon Park in upper Manhattan.  “In the Catholic imagination, the true, the good and the beautiful are so personal and so real.  In the Catholic imagination, the truth, goodness and beauty of God is reflected all over the place, even in fashion,” expounded the Cardinal on the symbiosis that naturally existed between faith, art and fashion.   “Catholics live in an enchanted world: a world of statues and holy water, stained glass and votive candles, saints and religious medals, rosary beads and holy pictures.  But these Catholic paraphernalia are merely hints of a deeper and more pervasive religious sensibility that inclines Catholics to see the Holy lurking in creation,” said Andrew Bolton, the Wendy Yu Curator in Charge of the Costume Institute who organized the exhibition, reading a quote from the sociologist Andrew Greeley book The Catholic Imagination.  What follows is a groundbreaking exhibition encompassing a graphic display of fashion of the 20thand early 21stcenturies intersperse among the numerous and rare religious artworks, clothes created by designers who embraced narratives in their collections the multifaceted images expressed by the centuries of Catholic stories and their respective expressions in art on clothes, stones, accessories, paintings, rugs and statues.  “The journey through all the galleries is itself a pilgrimage,” said David Weiss, the new president of the Met.   The 42 special pieces of papal robes and accessories travelled for the first time outside of the Vatican particularly from the Sistine Chapel Sacristy formed the elaborated point of departure that linked the historical Catholic sartorial practices with contemporary fashion. The extraordinary hand craftsmanship Pius IX’s embroidered painted beige dalmatic portraying Christ carrying the cross, an accompanying chasuble and a gold and colored jeweled tiara from the Royal court of Belgium or white silk large half circle cape with gold threads vivid 3D embroideries, gold tinsel and gold palettes would rival and possibly out compete any work done today by the Parisian haute couture houses. Not far from the staircase to enter the Anne Wintour Costume Center, where all the Vatican loaned objects are showed inside glass encasements, stood the Henri Matisse design chasuble made for the Chapel du Rosaire, a community order of Dominican nuns, in the early 1950’s as an introductory artwork to the display case containing John Paul II’s zimarra, fascia and zucchetto in white wool twill and embroidered silk and perhaps the famous red leather and suede shoes by the Italian shoemaker Loredano Apolloni.  Among the special item is a papal tiara with an estimated 19,000 gemstones most are believed to be diamonds.  While seemingly excessive as a part of religious vestments, these papal clothes offer modern fashion designers the impetus towards a sense of heightened creativity coupled the resources and know how to craft unique garments inspired by the stories of Catholicism and the faith’s adherences to the accouterments of allure to the point of excess.  Even the gold and silver keys to heaven and earth are no ordinary keys but XXL versions made by the silversmith G. Landi for Leo XIII.   The linkage of the symbols, icons and imagery of Catholicism to modern fashion comes from a wide range of fashion designer’s personal adoption of these representations of faith like the cross, the angels, the Virgin, the stained glasses windows, the sculptures and the Saints depicted in art throughout the centuries as part of a process of story telling around the clothes they created. The Met’s extensive holdings of medieval paintings and sculptures provided the ideal background to display modern designer fashion’s infatuation with religious symbols as inspirations for their brand clothes.  The fashion on display is incorporated to be part of the art collection rather than separate from the Met’s objects and there is a wide range of clothes from ornate to minimalist.   More than any other symbols, the cross represents Christ’s passion and a firm sign of the Christian faith and in particular the crux gemmataor jeweled cross remains ubiquitous in the Byzantine world. A visit by Gianni Versace to the Met’s 1997 exhibition ‘The Glory of Byzantium’ inspired his final Atelier couture show in July 1997 with mannequins dressed in gold metallic mesh dresses with large embroidered crosses hung from the ceiling above the actual gold professional Byzantine cross circa 1000-1050 A.D. at the Mary and Michael Jaharis Galleries of Byzantine Art.  A black biker jacket with a large Byzantine cross from Versace’s Fall-Winter 1991 is also included.  The Chanel Fall-Winter 2007-2008 Métier d’Arts collection black silk velvet vest made with glass cabochons and black faceted crystals and mother of pearls encrusted stones recalled the medieval reliquary cross. Another Chanel cross pendant and necklace was from the Spring–Summer 1973 Haute Couture.  Inspired by the splendid mosaic stones images at the Cattedrale di Monreale in Sicily, Dolce & Gabbana embroidered vivid images of saints on the colorful prints of the dresses in their Fall-Winter 2013-2014 collection. At the end of the hallway is the black jacket with the large colorful stone color cross covering the front of the jacket from Christian Lacroix Haute Couture Fall-Winter 1988-1989 – this same jacket made the November 1988 Vogue cover worn by the Israeli model Michaela Bercu.    Besides crosses and mosaics, images from frescoes and murals are another great source for print on fabrics.  Jun Takahashi for Undercover featured prints on dresses his Spring-Summer 2015 using images from Hieronymous Bosch’s triptych The Gardens of Earthly Delightsthat showed Eden as a false paradise where a mixture of real and fantastical plants and fruits served to deceive the senses instead of revealing the beauty of creations. A polychrome silk jacquard and embroidered gold sequins coat dress by Alexander McQueen for Fall-Winter 2010-2011 featured a combination of images taken from three separate Bosch works – The Temptation of Saint Anthony, The Last Judgementand The Garden of Earthly Delights.  Maria Grazia Chiuri and Pierpaolo Piccioli created a highly decorative tulle dress with the embroidered image of Adam and Eve brought to live inspired from the German painter Lucas Cranach the Elder’s Adam and Eve painted in 1526 for Valentino’s Haute Couture Spring-Summer 2014.  The angels that populated Catholicism’s imagery now reincarnated in the pastels silk georgette ethereal and statuesque elongated soft dresses that included a cantaloupe pleated silk with draped silk georgette and taffeta dress with gold ray belt from Rodarte Fall 2011 special couture collection based on the frescoes Annunciation(1438-1445) by Fra Angelico, an Italian monk at the abbey of San Marco.  Thierry Mugler feted his tenth anniversary in 1984 with a L’hiver des angescollection that drew from his conceptions of angels, saints and the Virgin with a gold silk lame pleated winged shoulder long dress.  Roberto Capucci’s 1987 gold silk pleated with back wing and train dress called Angel d’Oro or that light brown silk taffeta dress with from Spring 1969 by Madame Grès are simply magnificent ‘angel’ dresses.  Not to forget the angelic beauty of the blue long draped dress belted at the waist with gold crystal embroideries by Jeanne Lanvin in 1939 or for that matter the white long dress with black cross motifs by Azzedine Alaïa in 1992.  These soft dresses contrasted with the stern artwork in the Medieval Galleries.   The fecund image of the Virgin as seen in tapestries, statues, stained glass windows or altarpiece is one of the more ubiquitous iconography of Catholicism. In art as in the fashion that looked to religious art, the dress is solemn and completely covered the body representing the Virgin.  Yves Saint Laurent made a statuary vestment of long gold silk brocade sleeve cape dress in camel silk jacquard with shining rays bronze face and headdress and a tiara in 1985 now at the Chapelle Notre Dame de Compassion in Paris. Riccardo Tisci created another version for the statue of the Madonna delle Grazie in blue silk jacquard with gold passementerie, crystals, gold beads and metal studs in 2015.  While these are unique garments made for a specific church site not actual runway clothes that can be commercialized, they nevertheless allowed the designers to ponder how to deploy the modern crafts to create specific modern religious garb in a similar way that clothes were made for the statues and tapestries in prior centuries.  In another instance a stain glass window at a Carmelite church in Boppard-am-Rhein near Koblenz, Germany, the Virgin is represented with a blue gown adorned with gold wheat or Ährenkleid where the wheat meant the grain to nourish mankind that metamorphosed into a Spring-Summer 1960 haute couture Chanel strapless gown with tulle overlay with gold wheat embroidery.  As for wearable clothes in the exhibition, the Met focused on designs that adapted the more simple frocks worn by nuns and priests in their daily life in the lower hierarchy of the Church like the cassock or soutane worn since the 12thcentury rather than the garments made to the church upper echelons that featured more substantial ornamentation and expensive materials.  Color of garments also delineates the church hierarchy – black for priests, violet for bishops, red for cardinals and white for pope. In front of a series of tapestries in the Medieval Sculpture Hall Gallery is a seven mannequins line up of mostly black dresses fathomed from nun garments with white turtleneck, collar and headdress like a Raf Simons black wool twill long coat from his Fall-Winter 2000-2001, Dolce & Gabbana’s black wool tricoline dress and white poplin blouse from Fall-Winter 1997-1998, or A.F Vandervorst’s black silk rayon crepe long dress with violet belt to represent daily dress of bishops in their Fall-Winter 2001-2002 collection.  Finally there’s a men’s look from Demna Gvasalia’s Balenciaga Spring-Summer 2017 show - a black mid length coat with a yellow pattern scarf made from textile by Felisi that supplied the Vatican.  On the other side of the hall are the ensembles of clothing that represented female religious dress principally a tunic, scapular and veil and also a white under veil called a bandeau – the total look is referred to as a habit. Two great habits looks from Dolce & Gabbana Spring-Summer 2016 Alta Moda both black wool crepe with gold metal buttons but the designers tailored the tunic sharp along the body’s contours and made the veil into a hardened egg shaped hood covering the head.  The most spectacular display is the 21 mannequins wearing the white silk crepe loosing fitting with tight sleeve choral robes by Cristobal Balenciaga first made in 1945 for the Orféon Donostiarra, a Spanish choir founded in 1897 and redesigned in 1964 in a simplified version installed in front of a large 15thcentury tapestry of Christ.  Perhaps the obvious reason for the few designers that have multiple looks at the exhibition – Alexander McQueen, John Galliano, Jean Paul Gaultier (silk jersey dress with embroidered 3D red heart, silver cross and veins from Spring-Summer 2007 couture to represent the Immaculate Heart) for examples – is that they used narratives to tell a specific story in each of their collections.  Each collection has its own story and often some of these stories involve religious thoughts or affinity.  McQueen and Galliano were the pinnacle of designers whose fashion show are spectacles simply because the personal narrative, one that encompass many aspects of their lives including at times religious questions whether or not either designers practice any formal religion, is central to offer meaning to the clothes.   One of the most memorable outfit at the exhibition and I remember this look from the show is the black ‘Joan of Arc’ silk crepe dress with black palettes, clear crystals, and gilt metal arms by Galliano for Dior Haute Couture Fall-Winter 2006-2007 now laid immortal in a glass tomb along side various stone tomb statues of a knight of the d’Aluye family from the Abey of La Clarté-Dieu and the lady Margaret of Gloucester, wife of the Baron of Neubourg looking toward the sky at the Gothic Chapel. Galliano’s armour Dior Joan of Arc outfit is like an effigy representing the men of l’Aluye reclaiming the cross across Europe.  And there’s the one giant dress that dissolves into around 17 siblings all contained within the massive embroidered gold coat with slit sleeves worn by the model Maggie Rizer that Victor & Rolf showed in Paris in July 1999 fall-winter haute couture collection now inside a glass container in the Romanesque Hall Gallery in front of a small altar flanked by two stone statues.      At the Met Cloisters there are a series of nun inspired ensembles that defined a purity of design with little need for ornamentation.  Among all the ostentatious and sumptuous clothes and various accessories made from the best materials and employed the best talents – fine silks, diamonds, feathers, laces et al – there is a slight sense of superficiality among all these artifacts on exhibition.  Surely one can expect an overwhelming emphasis on surface shine from the clothes of modern fashion designers but a bit less of ornamentations from the actual papal collections over the ages.   Inside a glass container at the open-air gallery along the inner walkways of the Cloisters are silhouettes that resemble the more simple priests frocks rather than the higher echelon of the church’s rigid hierarchy.  Here are some of the best minimalist dresses displayed among the calm church atmosphere were the more simple ones – the black long wool crepe dress from Geoffrey Beene Fall-Winter 1993-1994 that emphasized the tradition of minimalism and functionalism in American sportswear with detachable hood and the black wool jersey dress that Claire McCardell made in 1945 she termed ‘monastic’ meaning the dress has no waistline to be belted in any manner. Well there is also the infamous Rick Owens Fall-Winter 2015 collection that inadvertently revealed the male penis on the runway. These dresses showed the mastery of cuts and materials as well as the humility often lacked in today’s fashion scene from designers like the American Geoffrey Beene.    The portion of the exhibition at the Met Cloisters are far stronger thematically as well as from a curatorial perspective – while the ornate ensembles at the Met Fifth Avenue seem obvious in their religious connections, the clothes mounted at the Cloisters feature subtlety of design and a required a greater understanding of the complexity of fashion as to how they are linked to Catholicism.   But the last outfit that I saw before leaving the Cloisters is the white wedding ensemble of white silk organza and white mink jacket with crystals gold bullion, nylon tulle ribbons and mother of pearls skirt from the Thom Browne Spring-Summer 2018 show at the Hôtel de Ville in Paris where for the finale a women in white organza suit lead two men dressed in a unicorn outfit complete with life size unicorn puppet staged in the middle of the Unicorn Tapestries Room in front of The Unicorn in Captivity, a tapestry from South Netherlands from the early 1500’s. Depending on how one interprets the tapestry, the white unicorn inside the low wooden fence surrounded by seed laden pomegranates in the trees with so many medieval allusions to marriage and procreation is identified as Christ or as a groom bonded in marriage.  At the Thom Browne show, the wedding dress and the unicorn appeared and transported the audience and fashion to a new realm that merged the lyrical and the reality of clothes into a singular sphere.   In the exchange between the iconography of Catholicism and modern fashion result in a compilation of beautiful and uplifting creations from a range of designers who adopted some of the sensibility and expressions of Catholicism into unique sartorial specimens.  Fashion designers interpreted the ornate and the mundane aspects the iconography of the physical clothes of religious life.  There is also a very subtle undertone lurking beneath the surface – while the chosen fashion exhibited are 98% women’s clothes, Catholicism is primarily a male dominated religion where women still play a secondary role.  This domination extends as well to clothes where the men of the church dabbed in more ornate clothes than the women – a kind of reversal of high fashion.  Here perhaps fashion gears towards a male universe have utmost influence over clothes make for women outside of the realm of the church.  Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination from May 10 to October 8, 2018 Written by Long Nguyen     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   ERDEM dress and CÉLINE shoes.  DISTILLED WATER, MOROCCAN ORGANIC ROSE WATER, GLYCERIN, ALOE, HYALURONIC ACID, WILDCRAFTED VITAMIN C POWDER, CALENDULA AND MALLOW EXTRACTS, AND GERANIUM OIL...SPRITZED GENTLY. SAKS POTT coat. ATTICO dress. DIOR dress, skirt, and shoes. ADAM SELMAN dress. MARNI dress and PRADA shoes. CÉLINE dress. PHOTOGRAPHED BY Wendy Bevan STYLED BY Alexandra Cronan Model: Amelia Z. Hair: Nico Doniele Makeup: Georgie Hamed Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Fresh off of a Coachella performance, Jamie Jones checked in with us to show off some of his gear. The DJ welcomed us to his LA home, where he rests between his busy touring and producing schedule. Inside his colorful closet we discovered the secret sauce for his always original style. Check it out to get some inspiration for your upcoming festival wardrobe! How would you describe your style? Colorful and quirky. I like to mix things. I don’t wear baggy clothes, as my style is more grown up. I wear a lot of prints. I definitely like different shades of pink, wine color and some green. I dress plainly on a day to day basis. I once read that you only have a certain amount of creative energy every day. Choosing what you will wear is a creative process. If I can eliminate that process out of some days, I’ve got a bit more creativity to spend on music and such. Obviously people in the fashion industry, that’s their juice, that’s what they do, but I’ve got to reserve some juice for making music and finding music. Where do you shop? Online: Ssence, Farfetch, Mr.Porter., H.Lorenzo, and Opening Ceremony. Which designers do you like? Dries Van Noten shirts, Margiella-even though I don’t wear the standard pieces, I seem to have a lot of their jackets-and Kenzo coats. I wear these to big shows. I wear a lot of t-shirts by Palm Angels.  How do you dress for stage? It’s an eternal hunt to wear something different every time I perform a big gig. Most people, when I’m performing, are only going to see me waist up, so it’s kind of pointless to wear really cool trousers and a plain top. Even though sometimes that’s what I’ll go with, some crazy pants. How do you pack? I travel a lot. Packing is my number one, biggest hate! I can be ready in 20 minutes, but probably need an hour to an hour and a half to pack. I’m slowly learning to prepare a bit, plan out what I’m going to wear at a festival for the whole weekend, rather than just taking a bunch of stuff with me and deciding when I’m there. One thing I always bring with me is a pair of jeans. I live in these! I try to travel light. I take the black and white Y-3 sneakers with me everywhere. They just go with everything. I like to think about where I’m going: Coachella is sunny, grassy, fashiony. At Glastonbury you wear more festival catered clothing; [handmade] one off pieces that you’d buy on Etsy, or a crazy hat. Burning Man is the extreme of that such as metal helmets with LED on them. I’m going to Burning Man this year.  I have a residency in Ibiza all summer, so Burning Man is my break. I get away from the island for 10 days. It’s my time to disconnect. I switch my phone off. What do you wear at Burning Man?  I get some stuff made. My girlfriend and I sometimes coordinate outfits. Well, she does. Last year, some of my friends were trying outfits on for five hours in our RV. I was just listening to music on my headphones and thinking, "that’s the kind of effort that goes into it dressing up and it really adds to the vibe of the party." I have to appreciate it. One day we all wore red and as we cycled away into the Playa and I actually understood. I saw the effect and I was like ‘Wow!!’ Do you bring clothes back from your tours? If I have time, I hunt around markets. I love finding unique cultural clothing like hats from Peru. These pieces are great for festivals. I bought some great socks in Tokyo. Produced by: Linda Nyvltova Photography: Lauren Hlotz Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Cannabis pre-rolled smokes, Henry's Original . Spring is here!  The sun is shining, flowers are blooming, and you’re probably outside enjoying a picnic of Sunny D and Claritin D. Maybe you missed it in the blaze haze of 420, but April 20th marked the solar return of Taurus season!  Latin for “Bull”, Taureans fully embrace the qualities of their mascot. Hardworking, loyal, and insufferably stubborn, these earth signs are the most grounded sign of the zodiac.  Ruled by the sensual planet of Venus, they live to indulge in all of life’s earthly pleasures. With some good food, fine wine, and a little bit of greenery to garnish (hint, hint)—you’ll have these bovine beauties eating out of the palm of your hand.  Indulge their love of nature with a handcrafted potted plant from Sanso or handmade gardening tools from Fisher Blacksmithing. For a Taurus with a different kind of green thumb, gift them with some Henry’s cannabis and Lord Jones CBD lotion. Maybe your friend is less of a Willie Nelson (April 29th) and more like a Wes Anderson (May 1st) Taurus—for the well-organized, symmetry-obsessed Taurus, gift them a desk tray from Graf Lantz or some colorful calendar stickies from Poketo. For a Taurus with a flair for the ‘finer things,’ we suggest show up to their birthday party with a Chateau Minuty M de Minuty Limited Edition 2017 in hand. And what pairs better with a fine wine than fine art? How about a Coach x Keith Herring camera bag—a statement accessory that disguises their materialism as a nod to high brow art.  At Flaunt, we’re back on our 'bull' shit, bringing you the best gifts ideas for Taurus season!   Coach x Keith Haring camera bag, COACH 1941, $275. Potted plant in ceramic pot, SANSO, $63 (plant not included). Garden tools, FISHER BLACKSMITHING, $139.   Perfume La Femm Prada L'Eau , PRADA, $130.  Keychain, SMALL BATCH SUPPLY CO., $36. Organizing sticky pad set, POKETO, $40. Note cards, THE SELBY, $14.61. Desk tray, GRAF LANTZ,  $110. The L.A. Cookbook, Alison Clare Steingold, $40.  Hopp earrings, ISAIAH GARZA, $270.  CBD Body Lotion, LORD JONES, $50.  Swim shorts, FRESCOBOL CARIOCA, $220-$250. Rosé wine limited edition bottle, MINUTY BY ASHLEY MARY, $20.   Cologne Eau de Citron Noir, HERMÈS, $175.  Written by Andie EisenPhotography by Jim Turner  (jimjturner.com) @jimturnerArt Directed by Aitor Saumell @aitorsaumellProduced by Mui-Hai Chu and Britton Litow Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Top Dawg Entertainment is launching their new partnership with Nike during the Championship Tour. Fans and consumers have access to exclusive products and experiences during the entirety of the tour. The tour features Top Dawg artists such as Kendrick Lamar, SZA, ScHoolBoy Q, Jay Rock and more. They are hitting 29 cities collectively starting today, May 4th in Vancouver, B.C. and concluding in Pittsburgh on June 16. To gain access to exclusive products, such as the Cortez Kenny III sneaks, download the SNKRS app to become a NikePlus member. In addition, there are two new Nike launches: Nike x TDE Tour Capsule and Nike x Cortez Kenny Capsule that include TDE hoodies, hats, long-sleeves and more. All merchandise is available at TDE's website and available at and "at 6 special joint retail pop-up locations on the tour," Nike says in a press release. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   credit: AUGUST GETTY dress and ZACHARY THE LABEL top Natalie Vie | all images by Tamar Levine | Fashion Credits: NARCES dress and THE2BANDITS earrings. "It feels like I've done this before," Natalie Vie explains of her initial experiences with fencing--one of her many, gut-driven, existential perspectives that defy the romantic reveries we've subconsciously nailed to this seductive art form. "This is not my first time."  On a chilly morning, a pale-orange sunrise begins to peak above the mountainscape as I walk into one of The California Institute of Earth Architecture (CalEarth)'s SuperAdobes--which looks like a mix between something you'd find on Pierre Cardin's Palais Bulles in the French Riviera and Mars--I sit down with Miss Vie, Team USA member and two-time US Champion, while hair and makeup begin to prep her for the shoot.  Splitting most of her time between the fast-paced metropolis’ of Los Angeles and Brooklyn, Vie shares she's returning to the serene environment at CalEarth this May, where she'll continue to learn how to build the institute’s definitive Eco-Domes and maintain a nomadic, forager lifestyle in the midst of her daily fencing practice.  ROSETTA GETTY suit, MARITA HUURINAINEN shoes, and HANUT SINGH earrings. Her dedication to the sport shines more than ever while living on the commune, as each day she ventures from the clouds, down the mountain and into her fencing gym. A few hours later, she begins her journey back up the road to her life under the stars. During each quest "I can truly feel my heart opening and expanding" with the forces of nature, she says.  Vie has been fencing for thirteen years, and although she was late in the game--discovering her passion at the age of eighteen after falling in love with the fencing scene in J.D. Salinger's The Catcher in the Rye--her background in dance and gymnastics gave her an advantage in the rhythm, timing and footwork sword-fighting requires. From day one, she has been an intuitive fencer and with her unusual and what some would call obsolete hand position, one may think she was taught by an 18th century Italian fencing master who once trained the Aristocracy. BELSTAFF dress, PIERRE HARDY shoes, K. BRUNINI bracelet, DANIELA VILLEGAS quill ring, and MARIELLA PILATO agate ring. When battling her opponents, Vie says she channels philosopher G.I. Gurdjieff, whose teachings suggest our personality hides who we really are and instead develops around our essence, our true spirit, has shaped her views on the world. When she's fencing, wearing a mask and an all-white uniform, there’s a sense of anonymity, and "that’s when my personality can drop away and my essence can radiate," she says. "There’s a lot that I’ve discovered from myself during those times. I would like to think that I’m fighting for something deeper; fighting for what's inside and tapping into something much bigger than myself." After she takes a sip of water and is about to slip into her first look, I ask Vie if I could see her weapon. She unlatches a large black case and pulls out her prized épée, a shining sword that's actually much lighter than I would have imagined--just under two pounds. Vie combines sword parts from Italy, Germany and California and enjoys working on her own weapons, which isn't common as a fencer. Considering this passion, she hopes to expand her skillset and study one day under an armor in Italy.  COLOVOS dress and CHARLES ALBERT necklace. Vie may be breaking norms when it come to the lifestyle of a professional fencing athlete, but to her, she couldn't imagine it any other way. "To get better at this sport, there are a lot of my own demons, fears and anxieties--things about my personality--that I have to confront and transcend, in order for me to keep moving and climbing to the next level. I think the Universe is telling me that I can work on this. I need to be consistent and not give up. Being an athlete is not an easy path. It takes a lot of persistence, but something kept telling me to keep going. Keep pushing forward." NORISOL FERRARI jacket, YVY top, A.L.C. pants, PARALLELE boots, and ROSEARK necklace and bracelet. Vie's career as a fencer keeps taking her to the next level. New doors keep opening. And with her focus, dedication and daily practice--of every moment, minute, even second--if the Japan 2020 Olympics were happening tomorrow, she would be heading overseas. Until then, she'll be traveling around the world competing, improving her fencing skills, and forging her path as a strong, female athlete in a male-dominant combat sport. The key will be managing her mindset and diving into her deeper self. Longing for something we once all knew, something different, that many of us have lost. Connecting. ARIANNE ELMY blouse, A.L.C. pants, MALONE SOULIERS shoes, and ARMATURE rings. Written by Jessica RohrPhotographer & Film Director - Tamar LevineStylist - Soaree CohenHair and Makeup by Veronica ChanelPhoto Asst. - Paige WilsonStylist Asst. - Caiti HawkinsFilm DP - William CarnahanFilm score by Zach Webb Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Today Flaunt premieres Nightshade, a Matrix-meets-the-runway short by B/\D duo photographer Benjamin Askinas and cinematographer Douglas Porter. Starring models Braina Laviena, Cenit Nadir and Frances Tomei, the clip also has a bit of a heist feel to it. "Braina and Cenit are hunting down a mysterious organic material that they eventually steal from Frances," Benjamin and Douglas explain. "Cenit and Braina plan to use this to inhale and, hopefully, take themselves to a new world." In an effort to build a dynamic set, Production Designer Vinny Zazzero and the team mined unique props from a junkyard.  The casting for the two leads was quite easy for Askinas and Porter. They needed Spanish-speaking women ("We thought it would have a cinematic effect adding subtitles and that the Spanish would give the video a more international feel.") as leads and Laviena and Nadir both happen to be L.A.-based Puerto Ricans who they've worked with in the past. "We needed talent that we could trust and that could trust us in not wasting their time," they say. "We just knew that they could deliver in the moment and improve if need be." Below, read why both Braina and Cenit wanted to be a part of the piece. from left to right: Braina Laviena and Cenit Nadir What excited you about being a part of this short and your role? Braina Laviena: I was excited to be part of this because not only would I be playing a bad-ass female character, but I would also be doing it alongside my best friend and with an amazingly talented team that I trusted. It was great playing into this alternate reality where our physical constrains didn't apply. Cenit Nadir: What excited me about being part of this short was definitely working with my long time friend Braina, we've been friends for about 10 years now. So it was nice to do a short together, especially in Spanish-speaking roles. Also, Benjamin and Doug are awesome to work with and they always come up with the coolest ideas. It was nice to work with them again.  What do you love about your looks in the short?  Braina: The looks played into our characters' personality and gave them more strength and dimension, which made it easier for us to slide in their skin and let go. I feel that the mix of overtly and covertly sexy pieces was key to establishing their bond and their power. How did playing you characters make you feel?  Braina: I felt strong and powerful. Sexy on our own terms. Cenit: The character made me feel pretty bold. She's not afraid to go out there to get what she wants and I loved that the outfits fit into that mold perfectly. Film by B/\DStarring Braina Laviena, Cenit Nadir & Frances TomeiProduction Design by Vinny ZazzeroStyled by Chaine LeyendeckerMake-up by Bridget O’DonnellOriginal Music by Mikepan Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The 36th Annual Scholarship Benefit and Fashion Show is set to take place this Saturday, May 5 at the newly-extended Elaine and Bram Goldsmith Campus at Otis College of Art and Design in Los Angeles. The highly anticipated event is produced in collaboration with J. Ben Bourgeois Productions, known for creating upscale events. It'll feature over 125 designs of year-long, industry mentored work from upperclassmen fashion students. Among this year’s mentorship program are fashion, entertainment, luxury and lifestyle industry leaders and representatives from Bally Americas, NBCUniversal, Ironhead Studios, Poesia, Alo Yoga, Prairie Underground and Marvel Cinematic Universe. During the fashion show, each mentor will choose a winner based on the best design of the group they have worked with. This year specifically, students had the privilege of working closely alongside Marisol Bradford of Universal to create designs inspired by the Jurassic World franchise. Their inspiration draws from the DNA of dinosaurs to create a never-before-seen sportswear collection that reference recycling and rejuvenation. The overall theme of this year’s fashion show is Celestial Bodies. Students are challenged to focus on recycling old materials for new, adaptive uses. In addition, Jose Fernandez of Iron Studios and costume designer Louise Mingenbach have challenged seniors to create an elegant evening wear collection based on the signs of the zodiac. This will be the final assignment for senior students resulting in the conclusion of the show. Following the fashion show, attendees will be offered the opportunity for a meet-and-greet and photo op with special guest and fashion designer, Jason Wu. Graduates of this program go on to receive their BFA degree and begin their profession as assistant designers, associate designers, illustrators, costume designers, textile designers, accessory designers, and product designers. Students are often known to start their own clothing line upon graduation. All proceeds will go directly to scholarship funding for students in all departments. written by Allyson Borunda Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   In 1910, Ermenegildo Zegna started the Lanificio Ermenegildo Zegna (Zegna Wool Mill) in his home town of Trivero, Italy. Here, he focused his attention to this ancient noble fiber; as it would soon become the foundation of Zegna’s legacy. This year, we celebrate the 55th edition of a product of this legacy, the prestigious Wool Awards. Established in association with the Australian Superfine Wool growers’ Association, the awards consist of The Eermenegildo Zegna Extrafine Wool Trophy, for quality, and The Vellus  Aureum Trophy, for wool 13.9 micron and finer. These awards were initiated with a purpose. Not just in celebration of fine fabrics. These awards were implemented to stimulate the production of fine Merino wool in Australia. Zegna strongly believed in the future success of fine fabrics and ultimately wanted to encourage breeders to as well. The awards pressured breeders to obtain finer fibers with higher quality rather than coarser framed sheep that guarantee a greater profit margin. In essence, Zegna instilled the importance of care and quality in wool production and in material production as a greater whole. He saw the importance of quality before his time and ran with it, ultimately passing it down through a four generation empire of the worlds most luxurious craftsmanship in the wool industry. Now, generations later, Zegna remains part of the Zegna family. One of the hands in which it resides is Paolo Zegna. Over the years, Paolo Zegna has held various key positions in the company since joining in 1981. From Board of Directors to chairman of Ermenegildo Zegna Holditalia, to presidential/Vice-presidential positions at Confindustria (the Italian industrial confederation) and Altagamma, Paolo has and will continue to make his mark upon the world of fine textiles and fashion. As the first major Italian brand continues to internationalize its products, Ermenegildo Zegna can now be found in retail stores in over 60 countries across the world and in 62 cities across America alone. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                     In an era of fast times and even faster fashion, there are few designers remaining who dedicate themselves to craftsmanship and technique. Christine Hyun Mi Nielsen, a Danish designer of Korean descent, is one of those aforementioned few that have embraced the slower pace of high fashion as a couturier. Having previously held positions at Givenchy, Balenciaga, and Alexander McQueen, Nielsen launched her eponymous line, Hyun Mi Nielsen in 2016. Her inventive designs often utilize upcycled materials, in harmony with Danish passion for sustainability. Nielsen’s latest collection, Mensch was released in January of this year. Read a Q&A with Christine Hyun Mi Nielsen below and view an editorial featuring the Summer Solstice collection above: Can you speak about your first interaction with the fashion world, and how that lead you down the path of studying fashion design? Was that as a child in Denmark or Korea?  I grew up in Denmark. I am adopted from Korea. As long as I can remember, I have wanted to be a designer. Whether it started as a kid with playing dress up with my sister in my mother's old clothes or it was the impact of the fashion magazines my father brought me from Paris, I don't know. But as long as I remember this is the only thing I wanted to do. Before launching Hyun Mi Nielsen in 2016, you held many high positions at Givenchy, Balenciaga, and Alexander McQueen. What was one thing that you took away from each house that you now implement--or maybe do not implement--into your own company?  Generally, I would say there is a method that is more or less the same across all the different places I have worked when it comes to creating a new collection. That's the approach I also use when I work on my own label and when I work as a consultant. You've noted that the modern day fashion industry is too two dimensional and fast for your taste. Is that why you are drawn to Haute Couture design as a sort of rebellion to that common practice?  Hyun Mi Nielsen is a ready-to-wear label. But when I started out it made sense to me to show on couture, because there only was 2 seasons a year so the pace is slower. I didn't want to be caught up in having to produce a pre-collection and a main collection. Showing on couture gives me the freedom to create small collections with an emphasis on technique and craftsmanship which I love. In your most recent collection, Mensch, you use a lot of upcycled materials.  What made you want to use upcycled materials for this collection? And were those fabrics still are sourced in France or Italy like many of your previously used fabrics in past collections?  My company is based in Paris so all the upcycled materials were found in flea markets and in vintage shops of Paris, very few things were found in Denmark. I also recycled fabrics from my first and second collections as they worked for what I wanted for my third collection. But the majority of the materials were still sourced from Italy and France. Your collections hold narratives that are visible strongly at your shows. You have said that you want your audience to take something away from them. What did you want the take away for the Mensch collection to be?  For my Mensch collection I was working with two concepts: the concept of finding beauty in alternative things, found objects, mundane objects. And the second concept was movement of material and the sound of the movement of materials, such as the jingling of seashells, the soft rustle of parachute silk and the slow-motion of which a silk chiffon flutters through air. I always hope to touch the audience. I hope they leave the presentations with an imprint of Hyun Mi Nielsen. A few of your models in the show were barefoot, which is something you don't see too often on the runway especially in haute couture. Can you explain your decision on that?  It just felt right. I liked the free-spirited vibe it gave to the looks. For those who are not familiar, can you explain what it means to be a guest member of the official haute couture calendar?  To be a guest member on the official couture calendar means you are invited. That you have applied to the Federation Francaise de la Couture and they have excepted and invited you to show along side the official couture houses such as Dior and Chanel on the official Couture calendar. This application has to be renewed each season. All clothing by HYUN MI NIELSENWritten by Kathleen JuarezPhotography by Niklas BergstrandStyling by Elin BjursellModels: Carmen Julia at The Face, Maria Nikitsina at Girl MGMT, and Yuanna LiCasting by RAMA CastingMakeup by Anna SadamoriHair by Yolette BoucharUnderwear by Yasmine Eslami, Wolford and Falke.Special thanks to Totem Fashion   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017            Jet set. Joie de vivre. Sensuality. Luxury. Dundas. The first stop of Peter Dundas' eponymous line with Evangelo Bousis was none other than Los Angeles, our beloved city of dreams and stars. The stars certainly did align last night (April 24) for a cocktail party that kicked off the pop up flagship store on Melrose Avenue in West Hollywood. Destiny's Child (Bey included!!!), Michelle Williams, Heidi Klum, Alessandra Ambrosia and more were there to toast Dundas, who breaks from conventions by offering non-seasonal collections that are made for the global, traveling citizen. No longer are the ideas of Spring and Winter so segregated and dictated by the traditional fashion calendar. The traveling flagship store will traverse major cities around the world, and it'll only grace LA until May 5th. So, visit ASAP to get a piece of Dundas' effortlessly cool line! Hours are Mon. to Sat.  11am - 6pm & Sun 12pm – 5pm. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC coat, FALKE tights, VERSACE shoes, and model's own earrings (worn throughout).   Left to right: Stylist's own dress, ALICE MCCALL shirt, TIBI pants, and VERSACE shoes. CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC dress (worn in front of body), FALKE tights, and B-LOW THE BELT belt.   Left to right: Stylist's own dress and ALICE MCCALL shirt. MOLLY GODDARD dress.  DEREK LAM jacket, VIVIENNE WESTWOOD shrug, XIAO LI top, and TOGA skirt.  Photographed by Ian Morrison at OPUS Reps and Yudo KuritaStyled by Chris AllisonHair & Makeup by Sara Tagaloa Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   photo by Brett Erickson  You may know Sonia Ben Ammar from the pages of Vogue and Vanity Fair, or you may know her for her work with Dolce & Gabbana and Miu Miu. Or, you may know her for her contributions to Petit Biscuit’s song, “Creation Comes Alive,” which is the lead track on his latest album, Presence. The model has taken a break from posing to explore her deepest passion: music. The burgeoning singer is off to a strong start; With only one collaboration to her name, she was invited to Coachella for her first live performance ever. Sonia used her experience on the runway to put on a show for festival attendees at Weekend 1. Sonia supported Zhu as he previewed the release of their upcoming track, “LOVE TRIPPIN.” On the following day, she teamed up with Petit Biscuit to present their hit, which has amassed over a million listens on Spotify. That very same day, Sonia decided to surprise listeners with a new single, titled “Ocean.” The song melds Sonia’s R&B inspired vocals with an acoustic melody and shimmering pop production. The poetic lyrics showcase Sonia’s natural ability to create rhythms out of  thin air. According to Sonia, “It’s about one-sided love, someone who doesn’t see in you what you see in them so he keeps his guard up.” What about this song made it be the one you chose to introduce yourself as a musician?  I love this song because it’s a chapter in my life. It was a time in my life where I had just got out of a serious relationship,  but then I met someone and thought it could turn into more than a friendship. I tried to invest into him but emotionally I still wasn’t available. I would look into his eyes and all I saw was the ocean. I thought I was really into him, but I was more into the idea of having someone than who he actually was. Soon enough I realized all I saw when I looked into his eyes was just an empty space and I realized I was just with him to fill an empty space in my life. I also knew that he wasn’t ready to let his guard down either and was also trying to fill a void in his life. This was an important chapter in my life where I realized I didn’t need someone to feel full again. What do you hope listener take away from this song?  The song is about being in love with a fantasy and how you can think you are into someone but you are just trying to fill the loneliness in your life. I wanted people to pull their own meaning from it so they can relate to it. But the song isn’t a sad or grieving song. It is at parts a little melancholic and bittersweet but above all, it is empowering because it projects the message that it’s okay to feel like you need someone in your life as long as you realize what the reasons behind it are. And not to rush into things without a clear mind and heart. Are there any similarities between modeling and a singing career to you?  With modeling you’re constantly in a new space with new people you don’t know. You have to adapt on the set of a shoot to backstage of a show with 50 other models and crew you don’t know and be changing in front of people or being photographed without make up with people you met that day. It has been similar in music. I have to show my lowest and weakest points in life to producers and co-writers I just met that day. It’s scary to be so vulnerable, to be so honest and open about the ups and downs in my life to writers and producers.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                             Now that Coachella has officially wrapped, we can surmise that one of the best things that happened during either weekend--other than the festival and music acts itself of course--was the always highly anticipated rager in the desert from Jeremy Scott for Moschino. The event took place at the beloved Corona Yacht Club. Spicy tapas from Fuku were passed around, (including the sought after birthday truffle from Milk Bar!) to a cool, chic crowd decked out in the designer’s brand of neon drenched prints colliding with a high amount of BDSM moments utilizing leather and latex, (Ioanna Gika of IO Echo best embodied the look in a black latex catsuit and custom Moschino opera cape). As the crowd raged on to the sounds of The Misshapes, A-Trak and Erika Jayne, Cardi B came out to a surge of fanfare from her triumphant Coachella performance to hang, dance and tease the crowd. It was only a matter of moments after that Gigi Hadid took to the DJ Booth to live story the big announcement of the Moschino [tv] H&M collab coming out in the fall. Exciting times! We stayed out too late, per usual, but thankfully the Onitsuka Tiger brunch the following day kept our spirits alive and hydrated and our senses nourished with Caroline Vreeland's performance.  Written by Bj Panda BearPhotos by Owen Kolasinski/BFA.com Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017         all images c/o BIRKENSTOCK BOX X RICK OWENS Launch Party If you're wondering what the next big shoe will be for Summer '18, look no further than the Rick Owens x Birkenstock collaboration. The launch of the concept combining California native Owens' reliably outre imagination with the cult German shoe brand was celebrated last night (April 17) with a party at the Rick Owens store in Los Angeles.  Hosted by the infamous Michéle Lamy and W Magazine Editor-in-Chief Stefano Tonchi, guest's were treated to a fresh veggie spread by Valerie Confections that played in contrast to the architecture of the Rick Owens store to create a perfect modern springtime atmosphere. Most of the guests were draped in Owens' designs—an uninformed observer might have mistaken the occasion for an avant-garde full collection preview.  The cause celebre of the evening, Owens' Birkenstock designs, got their very own private showcase held in the BIRKENSTOCK BOX X RICK OWENS, a venue created for the occasion. A converted two-story shipping crate-like structure located just outside of the party designed by Rick Owens himself acted as a private station to try on all 13 styles. And if the labor of trying on so many designs left attendees tired, not too worry—complimentary foot massages were provided with Birkenstock Natural Skin Care products. Hopefully, no one enjoyed their foot care too long, as this collection is for sure to be a sellout.  written by Britton Litow Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Spring Summer 1989 Tee-shirt dress and Tabi boots. Skirt and Tabi boots. Cotton, leather. Nylon, Leather  Fall-Winter 1989—1990 Plates vest, skirt, pants. Jacket, shirt, pants. Patchwork coat, pants. Ceramic, wool cotton. Wool, cotton. Shearling, wool cotton.  Fall-Winter 1991-1992 Sweater made of socks. Nylon cotton.  Spring Summer 1990 Tee-shirt, dress. Vest, Skirt. Vest, skirt. Dress. Tabi boots. Nylon. Paper, nylon. Leather, cotton nylon. Nylon. Leather  Spring-Summer 1991 1950’s ball gowns re-dyed and vintage jeans. Cotton tulle, nylon taffeta, and cotton denim.  Spring Summer 1992 Blouse, skirt. Dress. Blouse, Skirt Silk. Silk. Silk  Spring Summer 1997 Vest, skirt. Dress Linen, nylon. Nylon  Fall Winter 1997-1998 Tee-shirt. Linen  Spring-Summer 1998 Flat shirt. Cotton. Hair dress. Nylon  Spring-Summer 2000 XXXXL jacket and shirt-dress, and flattened heels. XXXXL shirt dress and flattened heels. Wool gabardine, cotton and leather. Cotton and leather.  Spring-Summer 2008 Pagoda shoulder jackets, ripped pants, and sunglasses. Wool, torn cotton.  Fall-Winter 2008-2009 One button jacket ‘cone’ shoulder, tights, and boots. ‘Cone’ shoulder dress, and boots. Wool, leather.  Fall-Winter 2008-2009 Hair dresses. Nylon  Spring-Summer 2009 ‘Dress’ Print tee-shirt and sandals Cotton and leather. “Margiela/Galliera 1989-2009”  Palais Galliera, Paris  The most influential showing of fashion during the Paris Fall/Winter 2018 season did not take place on any of the sumptuous runways staged by the giant legacy brands or even at more subdued presentations from younger designers who favored raw spaces for their collections. Rather it was the retrospective exhibition of twenty years of Martin Margiela clothes on white mannequins accompanied by old videos, accessories and panels of written words that narrated the stories behind the creation of these clothes laid out in a careful vignettes setting draped with white cotton curtains inside the walls of the Palais Galliera, the late 19thcentury edifice now the Musée de la mode de la Ville de Paris.  Margiela’s influence is everywhere in fashion today - in fact it’s so ubiquitous that like the air we breath yet little of what is happening now in fashion is attributed to the two decades of the designer’s ground breaking oeuvre.  The Belgian designer was a giant in fashion because he challenged fashion from a design perspective, worked mainly to alter how fashion was made and consume and created a new poetic sartorial vocabulary that resisted the obsessions of a logo and label conscious era.  Now that fashion is dictated and perhaps driven by Instagram, it may be a prime moment to see an exhibition about the profound ideas that once innovate and change fashion and how we see clothes.    “Given the Palais Galliera exceptional Martin Margiela holding with over 400 pieces and now that fashion is drawing on his heritage, it seemed obvious for us to devote a retrospective show.  Originally planned in 2016 but it took two years to realize the show. Mr. Margiela showed immediate interest when we contacted him and he became the art director of the exhibition and was very much directly involved in the staging of the show,” said Alexandre Samson, the Palais Galliera director of contemporary collections, via Whatsapp.  Presented in chronological order from the inception Spring-Summer 1989 to the final show for Spring-Summer 2009, the exhibition traced Margiela’s creative process that disrupted the entire known fashion system from design to consumer. “We worked together on the course of the exhibition, the collections, and the outfits we wanted to show. He then imagined a set design in the course of editing, always according to his taste for the opposite of things so that the visitor can be surprised by the scenography and content of more than 130 outfits, videos and the many item from the archives.”   Born in 1957 in Genk, Belgium, Martin Margiela graduated from the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Antwerp in 1979 then worked as freelance designers for five years before a three years stint working as assistant to Jean-Paul Gaultier from 1985 to 1987. After leaving Gaultier, the designer spent nearly a year with a business partner Jenny Meirens to prepare for the launch on October 23, 1988 of the Spring Summer 1989 collection shown at the Café de la Gare in the Marais, an underground venue little connected to fashion. The show veered on the borderline performance art rather the conventional high gloss shows taking place across Paris at the time.  A telegram was sent as the invitation. The girls who wore the fifty-two looks in range of white, red and then black outfits made from contrasted materials and a finale of all simple white lab coats were friends of the house rather than famous top models prevalent on other runway shows. Chiffon or sheer nylon veils covered some of the models’ faces so audiences can focus solely on the clothes.  Some were barefooted and others wore the cylindrical leather Tabi boots based on Japanese socks. When they entered, the models stepped on a container with fresh red paint and left traces of random red markings on the white cotton sheets covering placed around the café in lieu of a formal raised runway. The soundtrack was just a mixture of rock tunes from the Rolling Stones, Iggy Pop or the Velvet Underground’s “Guess I’m Falling in Love.”    It is a rare phenomenon that a designer’s debut show would contain so much of the seeds that would germinated into the major intersections of his work at the cross road of a fashion system moving in the opposite direction. Margiela established immediately his ethos, his meticulous approach to the physical garment and his methodology to dissecting actual clothes and creating new ones rather than fathoming a collection of clothes around specific inspirations like a voyage or an exotic country, themes that had little to do with fashion creation. Look 14 was a tight crop two buttons wool jacket with round and narrow shoulders with a raised sleeves and paired with a loose rugged pants both with precise uses of darts to highlight the couture construction and tailoring now seen on the outside of the garments. This round shoulder silhouette was so contrary to the late 80’s norms of glamorous broad shoulder forms that dominated fashion then.  The seemingly imperfect fabrics and the intentional mixtures of different types of materials regardless of added to the act of rebellion against the artifices of consumption in the late 80’s and 90’s.   What was possibly an old butcher apron was now transformed of a simple evening dress and what were once old tulle dresses now remade into jackets.  The audience could see the black make up lining in the back of the models legs seen from the high slit of the long skirts – an allusion to the period of wartime scarcity in the 1940’s where women would draw a black line on their legs to replace the missing line of the stockings. Look 39 was a photo print white tulle sleeveless tee shirt of the tattoo taken from a sketch of a tattoed man on the island of Nuku Hiva in French Polynesia worn with sleeve gloves.  The cotton jabot from an 18thcentury picture was remade in exact reproduction into cotton bracelets and necklaces, a precursor for recycling processes not only of materials (the white cotton sheets splattered with red paint used as runway carpet was used to make vests for the next season) but of remaking the actual old and found garments themselves (like the separate Replica collection launched for Fall/Winter 1994).   The clothes from this first show, old and new, de-constructed and re-constructed, were the springboard for all of Margiela’s later work in exploring with greater depth how clothes are actually made.  Here were the genesis of many of the Margiela ideas that had profoundly challenged and transformed all facets of fashion in a similar way to the advent to ready to wear in Paris in the early 1960’s that eclipsed the allure of haute couture.  In a way, he can be seen as a traditional fashion designer in the sense that he understood how clothes are made and the fashion system surrounding the marketing of clothes and raise serious questions about them both.   “There were several exhibitions dedicated to Martin Margiela around the world and all approached his work thematically, as if the theme was the only way to explain the concepts of the creator. Yet, working with him on his memories, I was captivated by the consistency of his work and his determined creative journey,” Samson answered when I asked if presenting the work in a chronological order in different tableaux by season rather than grouping the clothes around specific themes. “The humanity of this creator "without face" hit me and I wanted the public to enter the exhibition as if he was reading a personal story filled with anecdotes, which many visitors can identify,” he said about a designer who had never allowed himself to be photographed or interviewed so that the clothes have to speak for themselves. Even the clothes lacked a clear label and only have a white label sown with large threads with four slanted visible in the middle of the upper back of each garment.  But chronology itself was an essential component of Margiela’s concept of fashion. A central tenet of the Margiela fashion concept was each item of clothing contained element of history and that idea for one garment can built and developed into another garment as part of a process of evolution.  Giving second life to clothes and also to re-employed vintage clothes by tailoring them into new versions by playing with proportions, showing the intricacies of construction on the surfaces, or reversing the role of soft inner linings as fabric of dresses.  The tattooed print tank from Spring-Summer 1989 spawned an entire collection for Spring-Summer 1996 where photographic trompe d’oeil print of dresses with sequins, stripes and knits that created a faux impression of what the actual garment actually was from its visual representation of simple garments that looked complicated.  Fashion ideas, not just physical garments, do not exist without a historyand can evolved from one collection to the next or at time paused then treated again much further down the road.  Ideas from one season can inform the next season like the flat clothes from Spring-Summer 1997 to the flat shrink wrapping tee-shirt dress from Fall Winter 1998. Take for example the treatment of shoulders which Margiela initiated with the tight round shoulder jackets in Spring-Summer 1989 to the rigid structure space age protruding shoulders in jackets from Spring-Summer 2008 to finally the total suppression of shoulder for Fall-Winter 2008-2009 where the fabrics of jackets and sweaters simply followed an upward projection instead of closing around the shoulder and neckline leaving the entire neckline in an open air situation.  Or Margiela’s work on revealing the structure of clothes often refer to as his deconstruction period which started with the first Stockman collection for Spring-Summer 1997 and continued into Fall-Winter 1997-1998 and Spring 1999 where heavy linen toile became the fabric of actual clothes rather than just mock ups and where the designer dissect and reconstruct clothes with irregular hemline and frayed finishes like the nylon liners as dresses from Fall-Winter 1990-1991.  The broken ceramics plates assembled into a vest for Fall-Winter 1989-1990 affirmed the notion of recycling and of reusing and transforming garments into new clothes. The entire Spring-Summer 1992 collection expanded on the idea of re-usage of materials as the garments were made from vintage square scarves and other pieces of tapestry as models with painted limbs walked inside a close subway station on rue Saint Martine with candles along the steel railings for Fall-Winter 1989-1990.  Recycling different item like old records into garments spawned a specialized ‘Artisanal’ line that specialized in finding and inducting items found regardless of what the principle use were like the vest made of paper magazine prints for Spring-Summer 1990.  In the exhibition, there was a ‘how to make’ scheme for a white sweater made entirely of socks in Fall-Winter 1991-1992. The Replica collection launched officially as Group 2 of 5 in Fall-Winter 1994 to remake found items from the past like peacoats, shirts, pants, doctor’s coats into classic commercial clothes reflected the notion of one garment bears the memory of another and the incarnation of a previous life.  Margiela first experimented with the size and proportion of clothing in the Spring-Summer 1990 show where he enlarged a cotton tank top over 200% to become a sheath dress or a white gauze a tank shirt squeezed unevenly underneath a sheer nylon fitted short sleeve tee shirt showing the extra fabric of the tank draping around the body. The exploration of proportions continued with the ‘doll’ collection for Fall-Winter 1994 where the actual dolls’ clothes were resized to fit a human adult albeit with the outsize large zippers, buttons and buttonholes keeping in proportion of the resizing process of 5.2 times the actual doll clothes sizes.  Oversized denim skirts, big sweatshirts and large pants made their debut for Fall-Winter 1996-1997 and large duffle coats appeared in Fall-Winter 1999.  But the most striking oversized collection was the XXXXL collection for Spring-Summer 2000 at the Jean Bouin stadium where each garment shown – molded to Italian size 78 on dress forms - was so massive and so contrarian to the skinny silhouette dominating fashion at the time.  The term ‘Oversize’ rose from the underground that will greatly affect hip-hop style of the early aught and recently made a come back.  The Spring-Summer 2000 XXXXL silhouette should be seen in the same light and influence as Christian Dior’s 1947 New Look in terms of proposing a novel and ground breaking proportion.   Showing at the Café de la gare wasn’t an aberration in the choices of location for shows but rather these out of the way and seemingly odd places like SNCF railway station, abandoned subway, hospital, underground disco, public courtyards, restaurants, concert hall, theater, supermarket, circus tent, or oh yes parking lots were the perfect setting outside of the norms for fashion shows at the time in Paris inside the Louvre Carousel.  This too was central to the designer’s aesthetics creating the environment where these fashion ideas are created and nurtured.   The clothes, arranged in different vignettes on white faceless mannequins contouring around the Palais Galliera with respective references, really speak for themselves. Within the exhibition is the inclusion of three glass enclosed ‘fan rooms’ that dealt with the three retrospective seasons during Margiela’s career. “The "fan rooms" were born of a discussion. We needed to talk about the three retrospective collections presented by Martin Margiela at key moments in his career (Spring-Summer 1994 / Spring-Summer 1999 / Spring-Summer 2009). It is indeed the first fashion designer to present a collection made of clothing from previous collections, only five years after its debut. We had to imagine a presentation that surprised the visitor, without mannequins, to illustrate more the concept of a retrospective (which is already an exhibition in itself) than a fashion collection. I was captivated by the work of Soychi Tsuzuki, "Happy Victims", two of his subjects collecting Margiela. When Mr. Margiela confirmed his wish to create these fan rooms, it also evoked the period rooms of the classical museums, reproducing historical interiors. We enjoyed doing the interior reconstruction work of 1994, 2006 and 2009 collections,” said Samson.   My first experience of Margiela was on September 7, 1994 in New York at the Charivari 57 store that hosted the last of the multi cities live unveiling of the Fall-Winter 1994 collection.  Just after 7PM non professional models wearing ‘replica’ clothes tore the white paper that covered the store window on West 57thStreet and ushered a cocktail party as well as the immediate availability of the merchandise worn by the models on the sales floor. At the same time there was a special tee-shirt made to gather funds for AIDS research.  This was about a quarter of a century before the ‘see now, buy now’ become the rage in fashion retailing.  Mr. Margiela was present at the Charivari 57 presentation which was the last in the series of nine stores around the world including Tokyo, Milano, London, Bonn, and Paris. I remembered also the Spring-Summer 1998 joint show with Comme des Garçons at the Conciergerie in October 1997 as an ode to the process of creation.  There in the vast emptiness of the Conciergerie on one end men in white lab coats showed completely flat clothes on hangers.  Memorable too was the XXXXL show under white spotlight at the stadium on the edge of Paris and the ‘streetwear’ as high fashion for Fall-Winter 2000-2001 shown under the Alexander III bridge.  And off course the final show in October 2008, a twenty year retrospective, where for the first time there was a note on our seats that said – ‘Twenty years, forty shows, hundreds of garments, what is there left?”  “Martin Margiela is the antithesis of Instagram: freed from the cult of personality, the anonymous creator focuses on the real garment, not his image. His spontaneity and absence give him a freedom that envy our era which he is the opposite: he has proven that creativity is favored by ideas, not by money,” Samson answered when I asked him about why Margiela is so influential now a decade since his retirement.  I may add the total lack of conceptual fashion in the last decade and a new generation of consumers who have never been really exposed to real ideas. Maybe it’s the reason why Demna Gavsalia and his Vetements team reharshing the Margiela aesthetic to a young public who did not know the Margiela years have worked wonders.  “Today we have the necessary perspective to better understand the 90s and the beginning of the 2000s. The anonymity, consistency and determination of his work have made him an icon.” said Samson.   “The total questioning of his system: from his conception (revealing the structures of the clothes, his interior, his stages of manufacture ...) to his consumption (being the first creator to sell old clothes recovered and reworked by his Artisanal line) through his presentation (scrolling in places beyond standard or seeking alternatives to the fashion show),”  Samson mentioned as Margiela’s contribution to fashion.  Oh and no one gave Margiela the credit for the shredded denim jeans (Spring-Summer 2008) a rage that is still worn today. On my second visit to the museum on a sunny Thursday afternoon, there were throngs of young people all carefully inspecting each galleries with great interests.  It’s great to see the new generation absorbs the ideas for the clothes they are actually wearing now.   What is perhaps more crucial is that all of the ideas that spawned all these unusual clothes on display are not just bygone vestiges of the past and a sort of cheerleading efforts at preserving a heritage. Margiela’s ideas not only survived beyond the walls of a museum or collective memories to be the driving force for fashion and for pop culture now.   This can’t be said of any other major heritage fashion brands where the prized legacy are packaged and repackaged seasons after seasons even to the point of making their own DNA seemed at best superfluous pantomimes and at worst lacking in concepts that can transform fashion.  “The cult of the money driven by the birth of major fashion groups, the explosion of the Asian market as well as the ubiquity of social networks, have profoundly changed the fashion of the 1990s / 2000’s, our relationship to time and clothing. The frantic pace imposed on creators is a collateral damage to this race for profit,” Samson said of fashion now.            Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                               All photos by ioulex Martin Margiela is undoubtedly a catalyst of the fashion world, being credited for  many pioneering ideas that  influenced the trends of today's runways. Palais Galliera in Paris holds a 20-year retrospective of when Martin was the creative director from 1989-2009. Enjoy the exhibition through the eyes of artistic photo duo, ioulex. The exhibit, Margiela / Galliera, 1989-2009, ends on July 15th, 2018.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   At last, Champion Athletic-wear has launched its first U.S. store right in the heart of the La Brea District, Los Angeles. At 123 South La Brea Ave, the sports apparel company that began its journey of champions in 1919, is here to remind us what it takes and how it feels to truly be a winner and it does just that.  For decades, Champion has been a leading athletic brand made for those who had a little more in them than the rest. The types who play to play, play to play hard and play to win. It is no wonder they have finally touched down in the “leading sphere of influence in Los Angeles with regard to fashion, art, sports and entertainment culture,” Susan Hennike, President Champion Athleticwear, says. “In today’s retail landscape, it’s vital to create a direct connection with our consumers. The need to provide a seamless customer experience across all channels makes this exactly the right time and place for Champion to launch this exciting retail concept in the United States.” Champion has carefully constructed a retail concept true to its own brand identity and catapulted it into reality. Champion perpetuates this identity through design features made to resemble hardwood flooring of basketball courts and useful furniture that resembles gym lockers and metal mesh accents. Further through product placement displays, merchandising and visual design elements, Champion in essence rebrands itself to become not only what the successful wear, but where they go. You think you have what it takes to be a champion? Head on over to 123 South La Brea Ave to find out! Written by Meagan Rafferty Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   In a runway show that strides confidently through the crossroads of art and fashion, NO SESSO and COME TEES debuted their collaboration to an eager audience packed wall to wall in a warehouse in Los Angeles’ Chinatown. No Sesso (meaning "no sex/gender" in Italian) is a unisex clothing brand by designer Pierre Davis. Davis collages and repurposes traditional elements of clothing with the goal of making her brand accessible to all spectrums of gender, shape, and identity. Come Tees, founded in 2009 by artist Sonya Sombreuil, has since developed a cult following for her signature, graphic streetwear brand. The conceptual, hand-painted t-shirts have become an underground hit in the LA fashion scene.  Davis and Sombreuil cast their friends and contemporaries (local artists and makers) as the models walking the runway. The garments are bold, graphic, and unrestrained. Characteristic of No Sesso, the clothes are unbound by conventional form. The irregular patterns and ambiguous designs create an adaptable style, uniquely determined by the wearer.  This show had a distinctly rebellious energy—exploding conventions of the fashion industry. Open to anyone who wanted to attend, there was a noted desire to escape the elitism and exclusivity of the traditional runway show. Flaunt presents the premiere of the No Sesso x Come Tees runway film.  Produced by Tyler Finnie, Mary Clark and Jake Eisenmann in association with No Sesso and Come Tees.   Music by DJs Venus X and Asmara  Written by Andie Eisen Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   We are kicking off the new #Poolaroid season with LA Models' Janaina Reis, Frances Florence Tomei, Hayley Wheeler, Cynda Mcelvana, Emma Delury, and Khloe Riverez. Join us by The Hollywood Roosevelt pool as we swim, get ready for festival season and learn a bit about the ladies. At the end, check out a festival playlist, made up of tracks the girls suggested we give a burn to get our juices flowing. Instagram: @janaarc Festival survival kit (what’s in your bag)? A sunscreen flask with tequila inside. Festival outfit/ fav outfit now? Comfy swimsuits with little shorts. Who's a musician you've recently discovered and love? Guy Gerber IG: Insta Festival survival kit (what’s in your bag)? Sunscreen (I've made that mistake so many times and end up looking like a lobster), Doc Martens. They're durable, comfortable, cute shoes. But not cute with blisters. Festival outfit/fav outfit now?  Bohemian style, usually looking like a raver trying to figure it out. Cargo pants, a backpack, and bathing suits with camouflage pants. Who's a musician you've recently discovered and love? Jay Rock. He was on the Black Panther soundtrack and he did "Money Trees" with Kendrick Lamar. I love his flow and the ease in his rapping IG: @hayleynwheeler Festival survival kit (what’s in your bag)? Sunscreen and water. Festival outfit/fav outfit now? Lace bodysuit, booty shorts, Converse sneakers, and jewelry. Who's a musician you've recently discovered and love?  Sabrina Claudio. I'm obsessed. She's the ultimate woman. Perfect! IG: @cynda_mcelvana Festival survival kit (what’s in your bag)? Vitamin C packets, Chapstick, sunblock, and snacks (because they’re going to overcharge you). Festival outfit/fav outfit now. I don’t like wearing typical outfits. A vintage tee that's comfortable and cute. Who's a musician you've recently discovered and love? I started getting into Leonard Cohen recently. IG: @emmadelury Festival survival kit (what’s in your bag)? Chapstick, sunscreen, water, and extra jewelry. Festival outfit/fav outfit now? Basic things. Comfortable high-waisted shorts, a tank top, and dress it up with jewelry. Who's a musician you've recently discovered and love?  Kygo. I'm super excited to see him at Coachella. IG: @klochella Festival survival kit (what’s in your bag)? Fanny pack and hatchback water bag. Festival outfit/fav outfit now? No heels,  holographic doc martins tennis shoes, chill comfy Who's a musician you've recently discovered and love? SUMMY. Models: LA ModelsPhotography by Jose Cervantes, Polaroids by Linda NyvltovaLocation: The Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Air Max 270 shoes, Nike, ($150). Belt bag, Marc Jacobs, ($295). All natural clay mask and moisturizer, Asarai, ($28.95 and $48.95). Travel cup, Corkcicle, ($29.95). Posh Spice, queen of the Aries, tells us exactly what our fanciful fire signs want on their birthday. As the first sign of the zodiac they are truly children at heart—full of energy, curiosity, and fueled by their adventurous spirit. Treat their childish side with some playful yet chic lamps by Seltti and a pair of patterned socks by Darner. Ruled by the Mars, the planet of action and motivation, Aries can be incurably restless and stubborn as a ram. Aries are always on the move, so indulge their active spirits with a gift that can keep up. Flaunt suggests Nike Air Max shoes (or Tevas for some land to water Aries), Marc Jacobs belt bag, and a Carbon38 sport top.  Don’t let their whimsical, outdoorsy attitudes fool you— Aries have an appetite for luxury rivaled only by Leos (the infamous hedonists of the zodiac). Let’s not forget that Posh Spice also said, “I like a man with a good pair of shoes and a healthy gold card.” With that in mind, we recommend gifting the finest, German-engineered film camera by Leica, or a jar of decadent manuka honey from Comvita. If you’re looking for a romantic gift for your Aries partner, we recommend the springtime perfume by Rosie Jane, or confetti candles by Paddywax (two birds one stone for confetti and birthday candles).  To help you find a gift that your hotheaded Aries won't immediately return for store credit, read our full list of recommendations below!   M Camera, Leica, ($6,380). Flying Too Close to the Sun, Phaidon, ($59.95). Banana lamp, Seletti available at Eataly, ($345). Ruffle sports top and leggings, Carbon38, ($138 and $145) Perfume, by Rosie Jane, ($50).  Sports top and leggings, Koral, ($65 and $88). Anti-aging hand cream, Osea, ($38).  Silk nightwear set, Morgan Lane, ($268 and $228)  Manuka honey, Comvita, ($18.99 and $56.99).  Walking sandals and belt bag, Teva and Marc Jacobs, ($70 and $295).  Hoodie, Champion, ($75).  Joaquin Dead Ale and Son of a Beach Ale, Evan Evans Brewing Co., ($5). Mouse lamps, Seletti, ($112 each) Mesh socks, Darner, ($38 each). Mesh bodysuit, Tank Air, ($57.50).  Confetti candles, Paddywax, ($14 each).  Written by Andie EisenPhotography by Jim Turner  (jimjturner.com) @jimturnerArt Directed by Aitor Saumell @aitorsaumellProduced by Mui-Hai Chu and Britton Litow Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by Sean Behr  Photographed by Phil Faraone at Wire Images  Photographed by Phil Faraone at Wire Images  Photographed by Doug Krantz  Photographed by Phil Faraone at Wire Images  Photographed by Phil Faraone at Wire Images  Photographed by Phil Faraone at Wire Images  Photographed by Doug Krantz  Photographed by Phil Faraone at Wire Images  Photographed by Doug Krantz  Photographed by Phil Faraone at Wire Images  Photographed by Sean Behr  Photographed by Sean Behr  Photographed by Phil Faraone at Wire Images  Photographed by Phil Faraone at Wire Images  Photographed by Phil Faraone at Wire Images  Photographed by Phil Faraone at Wire Images  Photographed by Sean Behr  Photographed by Doug Krantz  Photographed by Sean Behr  Photographed by Phil Faraone at Wire Images  Photographed by Phil Faraone at Wire Images  Photographed by Phil Faraone at Wire Images  Photographed by Doug Krantz   Photographed by Doug Krantz  Photographed by Doug Krantz  Photographed by Phil Faraone at Wire Images  Photographed by Phil Faraone at Wire Images  Photographed by Phil Faraone at Wire Images  Photographed by Phil Faraone at Wire Images  Photographed by Phil Faraone at Wire Images  Photographed by Phil Faraone at Wire Images   Photographed by Sean Behr  Photographed by Phil Faraone at Wire Images  Photographed by Phil Faraone at Wire Images  Photographed by Phil Faraone at Wire Images  Photographed by Phil Faraone at Wire Images  Photographed by Phil Faraone at Wire Images  Photographed by Phil Faraone at Wire Images  Photographed by Phil Faraone at Wire Images  Photographed by Sean Behr  Photographed by Sean Behr  Photographed by Sean Behr   Photographed by Sean Behr   Photographed by Sean Behr  Photographed by Sean Behr  Photographed by Sean Behr  Photographed by Sean Behr  Photographed by Sean Behr  Photographed by Sean Behr  Photographed by Sean Behr  Photographed by Sean Behr  Photographed by Sean Behr  Photographed by Sean Behr  Photographed by Sean Behr  Photographed by Sean Behr   Photographed by Sean Behr  Photographed by Sean Behr  Photographed by Phil Faraone at Wire Images We've never been afraid of bringing things to a boil before the first note sings. And so, ahead of our helicopter ride out to the desert for yet another Coachella music festival, we partnered with our friends /Nyden, a newly launched, inventive fashion brand who we'll be seeing a lot from in the coming seasons, to host a pre-Coachella free-for-all at the Hollywood Roosevelt. It was wild! Civil folks that we are, though, we set the tone by toasting The New Fantasy Issue with cover star, Hari Nef, over nibbles and Maestro Dobel cocktails inside The Rosy Oyster, before being serenaded into a cool stupor by Rainsford, also featured in Ms. Nef's spring fashion issue.  To the dance floor! Where Flaunt bestie, Bec Adams of Les Filles, kept the juices flowing on the decks, before Vic Mensa jumped into the saddle. Heinekens in hand, we gleefully watched the hip-hop all-star pass the mic to another 2018 cover star, G-Eazy, of Witness Protection Issue fame. The Bay area musician ran through an assortment of rap bangers, his smash hit "No Limit" driving the crowd into a frenzy. More eventful, though, and to our surprise, was when his girlfriend Halsey joined him in the spotlight for a crowd-pleasing duet. Eazy joked that Halsey, our 2017 Aftershock Issue cover girl, had been teasing him about landing the cover of Flaunt before he did. Still, love reigned supreme. Mr Will Calcutt, no stranger to nocturnal missions, closed it out on the decks before we bid all adieu and hit the mobile IV provider we stationed out front in anticipation of a fabulous time, ready for four more days of music and mayhem.     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017        Buy AllSaints' Hawaiians here The Hawaiian shirt is an institution that has come to represent so much more than simply leisure in popular culture. Originally known as the “Aloha” shirt, it’s easy to write off our floral friend as simply a seasonal accessory, or of the ice cream-wielding tourist from Lilo & Stitch. In a post-Fear and Loathing In Las Vegas, after-Elvis world, however, the Hawaiian shirt has come to represent an effortless rock star cool when utilized with the correct amount of style. It’s this aesthetic that AllSaints has always celebrated as a part of its Rock 'n’ Roll fashion and they are returning to the staple as a crucial part of their summer wardrobe. Having been curated specifically via customer popular vote, creative director Wil Beedle is excited to relaunch a collection of 10 classics from the vault, repurposing the nostalgic. We talked to Beedle about why he brought the shirts back, uniformity and more. What made you want to bring these shirts back? The collections we design at AllSaints are very much about creating a timeless catalyst for people to express themselves, to use their personal style and creativity to interpret what we’re doing. I’ve never looked to force a total AllSaints look on our customers at any given time, or dictate how people should wear our clothes. In the past, I’ve used the phrase “a uniform without uniformity,” and even though it might come across as an overly convenient soundbite, I stand by the sentiment. Over the past few years we’ve established the Hawaiian shirt as a foundation of the AllSaints summer wardrobe--a staple within that uniform without uniformity, if you like. They’re just a natural and reliable constant. And we’ve also traveled the world, documenting and celebrating our Hawaiian shirts in global locations such as Mexico City, Venice Beach, Tokyo, downtown LA, Ibiza, New York, and of course back in our own neighbourhood in East London. Being fortunate enough to travel so much, I’m constantly amazed at the incredibly diverse ways that people take an AllSaints’ Hawaiian, and--using their own personal style, identity, and environment-–manage to twist what we do into something new and unique. In turn, those stylistic expressions become the starting points for me to design future collections. So it works both ways. It always does. It’s never about "us" and "them." The Hawaiian shirt, particularly, has had such an enduring popularity among our global community, and with customers constantly asking us to bring back specific designs, I kind of felt we’d be doing a lot of people a great disservice if we didn’t unearth some favorites that we’ve created over the years. But once again, you can’t dictate personal taste so we launched a social-media initiative where people could vote for the designs they most wanted back. Based on the overwhelming response, we’re now relaunching ten shirts. Describe the experience of the street shoot you casted for this. What were you looking for in your models? I was recently invited by an American department store to New York to present and discuss AllSaints menswear to an audience of its company’s buyers and other staff from across North America. Encouraged by them to style six of the department store’s own male models in our menswear collections, I instinctively knew I wanted to take a different approach, so I ended up asking some local friends of mine, as well as street-casting guys on the Bowery who were wearing AllSaints, to make up a gang of six who I knew were genuine fans of our collections and more believable as AllSaints guys. Bringing those guys up on stage--a chef, a musician, a friend or two, and a couple of enthusiastic Lower East Side party kids--was such a revelation. It was so inspiring to see collections that I’d conceived while walking to my design studio in East London translated to this very different setting on the other side of the Atlantic [Ocean]. Familiar yet totally new. Careful planning replaced by immediacy. It was really eye opening. And so, energized by the experience, I asked all the guys if they’d make themselves available the following day for a shoot. I had a bunch of Hawaiian shirts flown out to New York from London, hired a camera, and booked a studio I’d walked past earlier in the day. And I just set about shooting some pictures of guys in our Hawaiians, expressing the same spontaneous spirit that I felt the guys embodied. Troye Sivan, Migos, Maluma and Jeff Bridges have been seen in them. How does it feel to know that people from so many different walks of life feel that AllSaints is perfect for them? As I mentioned in my first answer, it’s that idea of diverse types of people wearing AllSaints collections in personal ways that I find most inspiring. To know that very different guys, from very different backgrounds, and in very different settings, all choose to wear our Hawaiian shirts is a trip. Ultimately, it doesn’t matter who you are, it’s how you wear it. Buy the shirts here. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   A limited release of signed and numbered records with a personal curation of songs by Travis Scott released in partnership with Saint Laurent dropped on December 18, 2017 at Paris’ Collette, where Scott made an appearance and performed a few of his rap thrasher hits. TRAVIS SCOTT CELEBRATES SAINT LAURENT VINYL COLLABORATION, PRODUCED BY FLAUNT AND 12ON12, WITH PERFORMANCE AT COLETTE Now it's available for purchase here at 12on12. The vinyl record, resting in a soft black leather pouch, houses twelve of his favorite songs by artists ranging from Kanye West to Frank Ocean. Anthony Vaccarello, creative director of Saint Laurent, oversaw the artistic direction for the project produced by 12on12, Flaunt Magazine and FYI Brand Group. written by Anna Peluola Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Kyle MacLachlan | all images by Driely S. | Fashion Credits: all clothing featured c/o BALENCIAGA “I can’t tell if you’re a detective or a pervert.” Laura Dern says these words to Kyle MacLachlan’s Jeffrey Beaumont, a naïve, all-American boy who ends up ensnared in a grotesque underworld lying beneath the bucolic surface of a small town, early in David Lynch’s 1986 neo-noir Blue Velvet. And that’s before MacLachlan’s character sneaks into a female suspect’s apartment under the pretense of carrying out his own criminal investigation, where he is threatened with a kitchen knife and then forced to watch a violent, fetishistic sexual encounter between the suspect and another man. The next night, aroused and filled with voyeuristic curiosity, MacLachlan returns for more. Four years later, reunited with Lynch in the show Twin Peaks, Dern’s confused juxtaposition might be: detective or quack? MacLachlan’s character, FBI agent Dale Cooper, has a series of peculiar dreams involving the murder victim whispering seductively in his ear while a slinky bass groove drifts through the air. To the bemusement of his colleagues, Cooper treats these visions in the same manner as a recovered murder weapon; psychic clues also guide his investigations. And stranger still, they work. Through these collaborations with Lynch, MacLachlan helped reinvigorate old American tropes by twisting them into expansive new fantasies that touch on our broader anxieties, and in so doing helped to define the new predominant model for television: long form, deeply intricate stories treating subject matter previously the domain of feature-length films or literature. In Blue Velvet, the hardened noir gumshoe is replaced by the beguilingly boyish MacLachlan, curious to the point of foolhardy, as much a voyeur as a vigilante. Twin Peaks went further, transforming the mythical, beatific small town into a funhouse of sympathetic sinners, savage supernatural spirits and one lady who insists she can communicate with a log. The show is widely credited with paving the way for the current “Golden Age of TV,” where popular TV shows can be bewildering and bizarre and open-ended, encompassing quirks and fetishes and humor and murder mystery all at once. None of this was by design. “There was no unified theory,” MacLachlan says. He’s sitting in a low armchair snacking on meatballs and green olives on the bustling sixth floor of the Soho House in Manhattan’s Meatpacking District. Outside, snow has given way to sleet and freezing rain and a frigid puddle on every corner; inside there’s a fire, leather chairs and a dark wood bar. MacLachlan is still clean-shaven and boyish, even though he’s now 58. He’s wearing jeans, a sweater and a rust-orange baseball cap pulled low over his forehead, at the moment belying his well-documented interest in fashion (Demna Gvasalia, creative director for Balenciaga, and Raf Simons, chief creative officer at Calvin Klein, have connected with MacLachlan, and he’s a frequently spotted face at fashion week). He’s open and personable, sharing stories about taking his son to school on the subway and happy to pull up a high school photo from 1977, evidence that he once had a perm. During a nearly two-hour interview, he’s at once self-deprecating (“I have so lost touch with music”), open to digressions (do critics have the same power they did in the 1980s, when Blue Velvet came out?), inquisitive (asking me about my path into writing, trying to guess where the waitresses’ accent is from) and good-humored—after he fails to locate her accent (Poland), he declares, “Strike three, I’m out!” MacLachlan met Lynch on his very first movie set: Dune, a film adaptation of Frank Herbert’s popular novel. The actor scored the role less than a year after graduating from a college drama program, which he calls “a little mind-bending.” “But the person that kept me grounded was David,” MacLachlan adds. “He’s a very regular guy.” On the set of Dune, Lynch also showed MacLachlan the script for Blue Velvet. “This is my second film script, and there’s a lot of stuff that happens that’s very disturbing,” the actor recalls. “But it was compelling: I understand how this can happen to a young person—you get infatuated with something, you get obsessed, you take it a little further, go one step where you shouldn’t.” The film tells the story of a young man who becomes drawn into a murderous small-town whodunnit complete with bruising sexual fetishes, which some viewers and critics found hard to swallow. Blue Velvet is in many ways a precursor to Twin Peaks, which finds Lynch exploring many of the same themes—the dark secrets of pretty small-towns—over the longer time-frame afforded by TV. “We thought it was so cool that David Lynch was going to do something on TV,” MacLachlan says. “And the character [Cooper] I recognized instantly was fantastic. Who’s this crazy FBI agent that comes in a third of the way through and suddenly takes over the investigation and he’s not like any FBI agent you’ve ever seen before? First of all, he looks too young. Second of all, he’s just got a weird way of looking at the world—signs, symbols, talks into a tape recorder.” Though it’s hard to imagine in today’s era of TV- plenty, at the time Twin Peaks debuted, there were few viewing options. “For people looking for something new and compelling, that was the only thing,” MacLachlan explains. “It hadn’t been done before, a director like that using that medium as a way to tell a story. And David’s filmmaking: You haven’t seen that shot, that angle, that pacing on TV. It’s paced very slow. The music was really different.” (The lovely score was composed by Angelo Badalamenti, who won a Grammy for his theme.) Still, no one working on the show expected it to be the Next Big Thing. So when Twin Peaks was renewed for a second season, Lynch and Frost soon passed the baton to other writers who were unable to maintain the show’s momentum, especially after its central mystery was solved early in the second season. “There was a lot of pressure to do that from the network; fans were wanting it,” MacLachlan says. But now the show had no engine. “I was frustrated because I felt like this was slipping through our fingers,” MacLachlan adds. “But I didn’t know how to save it or help bring it back to that intense, white-hot Twin Peaks of the first season.” When the show was inevitably cancelled, MacLachlan started looking for other roles, appearing in Oliver Stone’s The Doors and Paul Verhoeven’s Showgirls. “The period of time after that, nothing was really memorable,” he says. Towards the end of the decade, TV came calling once again. “Showrunners, writers, producers, directors were interested in me because of the work I had done with David Lynch and the effect that it had on them,” MacLachlan says. Even before TV’s current “golden age,” the format made room for a wider variety of roles than film. “Film needs a certain kind of person to make the project work,” MacLachlan asserts. “You have those men and women who are extraordinary actors that work all the time.You have those very handsome or very beautiful men and women that are good actors and are really good to look at. I was not enough of any of those really. So I was like, ok, that’s not working. TV was working.” He appeared in Sex and the City, Desperate Housewives, How I Met Your Mother, Portlandia, The Good Wife, Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. and more. “I became a much better actor little by little by little,” he says, “to the point where I think I was finally ready to do what I needed to do in the new Twin Peaks.” The new Twin Peaks hovered into view in 2012, when Lynch called MacLachlan to set up an in-person meeting about the possible return of Dale Cooper. MacLachlan agreed to reprise the role, but when he finally got a chance to read the script, he was surprised to find out that he was actually playing multiple variations on the original character, including Mr. C, an evil, mulleted doppelgänger who murders without compunction, and Dougie, who is effectively a five year-old trapped inside a man’s body. He credits his time working in TV and Lynch’s guidance with helping him carry a plot line while juggling multiple personalities. “David doesn’t do lots of takes; he’s not killing you with set-ups,” MacLachlan explains. “As an actor, that’s welcoming. Everything stays fresh. You’re moving quickly. It also challenges you to bring your A-game that first take. You can’t warm up to it.” Dougie was a particular challenge, because he says little—and less that makes sense. “There were long periods of silence,” MacLachlan says. “I would sometimes feel the need to move it forward, an urgency, like I’m going to lose the audience. David would always say, just let it be.” Twin Peaks: The Return did lose some audience—Showtime, which carried the new episodes, suggested that between the live audience, steamers, and DVR-ers, each episode averaged around two million viewers. That’s a far cry from the glory days of 1990 and 1991, when viewership peaked above 30 million and the show still pulled in more than 8 million viewers on its worst days. But the show’s new numbers are a natural consequence of the modern television environment: There were 455 original scripted shows in 2016, fragmenting the market more than ever before. And the lower viewership is also a result of Lynch’s refusal to submit to TV standards—he filmed the series as one 18-hour movie and then split it up into hour-long segments, not bothering to even name the episodes—or audience demands. “They were expecting it to be what they remembered of the old Twin Peaks, tie up loose ends,” MacLachlan says. “That was never gonna happen. David will take you on the journey he wants you to go on. Buckle up.” MacLachlan is pleased with the buzz around the show’s return, and confident that the new season maintains what made the original so influential: “It’s ahead of its time again. It’s something that people will think about, that will create ripples for a long time in the world of TV and film,” he tells me. “I’m very honored to be part of something that has that impact. That’s something you don’t really think about as an actor. You go in and you go, I’m going to do this role, and then you’re like, is it going to have an impact beyond that year?” It’s the fantasy of leaving a lasting mark, a legacy, all the more elusive and appealing in our current era of breakneck cultural momentum where a trend can sweep the world in a flash and disappear just as quickly. But for MacLachlan, who has played a central role in shaping what has turned out to be a particularly influential and lasting vision, the answer is, once again, yes. Written by Elias LeightPhotographer: Driely S. at Everybody Needs Us.Flaunt Film by All Rights Aint Reserved.Stylist: Lisa Jarvis.Groomer: Losi using Martial Vivot at Honey Artists.Photography Assistant: Tom Vogel.Technician: Sam Dole.Lighting Technician: Daniel Johnson.Location: Q&A Residential Hotel. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017          Retro meets renegade with the new collab between French eye-wear house Alain Mikli and hometown haute couture designer, Alexandre Vauthier. Mikli creative director Giampiero Tagliaferri describes the collection as “quintessential Parisian” and celebrated the occasion with an '80s themed party last night (April 5) at Penthouse on Rivington in New York City with a guest list including singer Rita Ora, super models Joan Smalls and Lily Aldridge and Glossier founder Emily Weiss. Inspired by the romantic Alexandre Vauthier runway and an array of famous fashion photographers, notably Helmut Newton and Guy Bourdin, the collaboration seeks to capture the modern Parisian woman in her power and her sensuality. Vauthier explains, “Giampiero understood this perfectly and together we chose these styles that took distinctive details of my couture collection and interpreted them.” Likewise, Tagliaferri had this to say: “We combined Mikli’s distinctive and provocative approach to design with my powerful vision of a sexy yet sophisticated woman. The fierce styling of both brands exudes strength, power and femininity making this collaboration a perfect fit.” The future’s never looked so bright. Shades are a must. The collection is available for pre-sale at Barneys.com, Alain Mikli NYC, and Alain Mikli Paris Boutiques. written by Anna Peluola Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017        Hermes invites Los Angeles to dive into its rich history and tight-knit familial heritage with its Beverly Hills exhibit, Harnessing the Roots. Inside the brand's Rodeo Drive boutique, the exhibit (which shows through April 7) showcases the artistry of Emile Hermes' collection, the treasures of the house's Conservatory of Creations, and the latest in its contemporary designs. Throughout, visitors are immersed in the curation of Bruno Gaudichon and Laurence Fontaine--curators who intentionally arranged the objects to tell a thematic, rather than chronological, story lead by its equestrian heritage. One theme sets in lens on The Haut à courroies bag, which was originally intended for riders. The early 20th century bag could hold a saddle, boots, bridles and all other riding essentials, but  soon was re-categorized as a travel bag. Another is exhibition opener, the Brides de gala from the 19th-century Rothschild bridle. It recalls the emblematic Brides de gala silk scarf, designed by Hugo Grygkar and created by Hermès in 1957. Visitors witness the transformation and development of the Hermes house through the delicate yet powerful mixture of equestrian materials, du jour collections, and timeless curiosities.  The exhibit is complimented by documentary archives and a film from 1962--one in which Robert Dumas, heir and director of Hermes, speaks about the fine art of saddle-making. Clearly, Hermes has perfected the art of timelessness.   Written by Libby HsiehPhotos c/o Hermes     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    GUCCI jacket, tank top, and pants and PIERRE HARDY shoes.   STELLA MCCARTNEY shirt and pants.    OVADIA & SONS sweater and pants.    OVADIA & SONS sweater and pants.    MARNI jacket, cardigan, pants, and model’s own shoes.     STELLA MCCARTNEY shirt and pants.    N°21 sweater and turtleneck.  BALLY coat, pajama top, and pajama pants.    BALLY coat, pajama top, and pajama pants.     ACNE STUDIOS shirt and pants.    GUCCI jacket, tank top, and pants and PIERRE HARDY shoes.   N°21 sweater, turtleneck, and pants.  PHOTOGRAPHED BY Chris SchoonoverSTYLED BY Savannah White MODEL: JJ at One ManagementGROOMER: Nate Rosenkranz using YSL beaute touché éclat at Honey ArtistsPRODUCER: Xenia Rollinson Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017          All clothing by CALVIN KLEIN. Model Pietro Boselli stars in our New Fantasy Issue fashion story here. At times he's wearing next to nothing, others actually wearing nothing. Dream on. Photographer: Yu Tsai at OPUS Reps.Model: Pietro Boselli at Soul Artist Management. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The word “collaboration” gets thrown around these days, usually in reference to two YouTubers doing a Q&A together. But, to think on the actual concept of diverse groups of artists coming together to share and gain inspiration off of one another’s points of view, West Hollywood-based sunglasses brand Oliver Peoples is going for the real deal. In their new 2018 campaign In Conversation, director/photographer Matthew Brookes has gathered an impressive cast of eight artists, including the sought-after Parisians Hugo Sauzay and Charlotte de Tonnac of Festen Architecture, to the Hawaiian-born portrait photographer Tasya van Ree, to the LA art dealer and self-made follownaire Jordan Watson. Oliver Peoples has assembled these artistic Avengers in the historic Harpel House to discuss both the state of the arts, and their personal work that has inspired the brand for the coming year. Detroit Unsub Records-signed singer CYN, What’s Up art curator Lawrence Van Hagan, and publisher Dorian Grinspan are not the first names to come to mind when one thinks designer sunglasses. But, decked out with Oliver Peoples’ new designs, discussing what inspires and challenges them with the hushed dawn of the LA skyline as the backdrop, the sentiment becomes clear. Oliver Peoples could have easily gone the route of the traditional model campaign to show off their collection, but instead show a professional sense of subtlety by having their products act as they were intended: as the alluring ornaments adorning some of the world’s most dynamic creative people. In Conversation can be experienced in full on Oliver Persons' website. Written by Alex Munoz Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    LA PERLA bra and underwear.  DIOR jumpsuit.  TOM FORD bodysuit and pants.  GUESS bra and underwear.  VIKTOR & ROLF COUTURE skirt.  ZADIG & VOLTAIRE jacket, bra, and pants.  JACQUEMUS dress.  JACQUEMUS dress.  CHOPARD earrings. Cindy Bruna | images by Matt Easton | Fashion Credits: ISSEY MIYAKE pants. Model: Cindy BrunaPhotographed by Matt EastonStyled by Joshua LiebmanHair: Joseph MaineMakeup: Misha ShahzadaManicure: MomoPhotographed at Hotel Americano Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On Friday morning, Nike teased their new VaporMax collab with Acronym boss Errolson Hugh with a movie poster. The film suggested that singer-songwriter (and avid Acronym head) John Mayer would star in it, but specifics details about when and where the project could be viewed were not relayed. More important to those exclusively concerned about how to get their hands on and feet in the hotly desired sneaks, when would these Air VaporMax MOC 2s x Acronym even arrive? Answers came later in the day when Nike invited press out to Vintage Cinema’s Los Feliz Theater to watch what was revealed to be a 90-second VaporMax ad. In the old-timey Western clip, a cowboy-dressed Hugh prepared for some gun-slinging against himself—a more-so ninja styled Hugh. All the while, Mayer sat between them, strumming his guitar and provided a pensive mood for battle. When the dust settled and the lights returned in the theater, Errolson, John and Senior Design Director for Nike Sportswear Women's Apparel Johanna Schneider  stepped out on stage. Schneider, a former Acronym staffer, mentioned that she enjoyed reconnecting with Hugh for this project and that above all, Nike is in the business of problem solving, which informs what they’ll do designer-wise. John shared his thoughts on creating new products and the potential buyer’s first wave of thoughts. To him, inital negative feedback is not simply just “hate.” It means “I don’t get it yet.” If things go as hoped, then that thought is followed by “it’s growing on me.” The final stop is “I get it.” “Have fun on that trip to understanding it,” Mayer told us.  Afterwards, I sat down for a brief one-on-one with Hugh, who tried to explain what that ad was about, talked about what his design goals and more. Oh, and the monochrome colorway (there are two others) dropped March 26, immediately selling out. The last two releases come April 26 and May 15. Flaunt: Can you explain the concept of that ad?  Errolson Hugh: [Laughs] I’m not sure I can. It’s a minute and 24 seconds. They have those movies that are the whole movie in the trailer. That’s this.  Seems like there’s a competition between you and the other you. Yeah exactly, which is like a metaphor for life. Self-analysis and improvement. But also it just looks cool. It was just one of those concepts that just had a life of its own. Literally less than four weeks ago, it was just an idea. Everybody who heard it was like, “Yeah, we got to do that.” Who’s the fan of the Westerns? What happened with that was, that started a little over a year ago. No, last summer. Last summer I went to Japan, we went Naoshima in the south of Japan, It was so freaking hot and I was not prepared for that at all. I went outside and I was seriously sun-burnt on my head, and then I went back to Tokyo and I was like dying. My girlfriend lived there at the time, and I was like, “Give me a hat I need something, and she had done this shoot for this really horrible lingerie brand and had taken home a cowboy hat, and it was the only hat that she had that fit my head. She’s really tiny and I have like this huge head. And I put it on and I was like, “This is kind of cool.” It was transformative.  Yeah, exactly. I stole the hat, and started wearing it around. I wore it to a bunch of places where everyone was like, “What are you doing?” and then Johanna saw it and they just kind of took that and said “Let’s just run with it.”  One thing she was saying when she was up there was that the goal at Nike, when they’re designing or coming up with a product, is to answer a question. They’re solution-searching all the time. What is your goal going into a project? Especially with collaborations sometimes, you’re dealing with something that already exists. So are you just trying to put your spin on it. Is it that simple, or are you trying to solve another problem, like you said something about the Air Force 1s you did where you put the zipper on the side and made it easier to get into. What are you trying to solve? With the first three shoes—the Prestos and the two Air Force Ones that we did—there was a much more literal functional idea behind it. Like the Downtowns, it was the comfort of the shoe combined with the access, and with the Lunar Forces, again the laces with the zipper, Same with the Prestos.  But with this shoe it’s different because we didn’t want to repeat that and because the functional aspect of the shoe was already so good. So the problem to solve there was how do we take it somewhere new that is hasn’t been before, without addressing it and doing it purely in an aesthetic way. We’re always trying to push. That’s just what we do. If someone works with us or does a collaboration with us, at the end of it, it should really be a feeling of, “Okay, we could have never done this with anyone else.” That’s our benchmark. You said up there that in design, you can either be broad and shallow or narrow and deep.  Yeah, I got that from John. I mean you heard him talk. He’s extremely articulate. So earlier today, we were discussing things and talking about music or design in general. And he had the concept that you either be one of those two things. Narrow and deep, they’re two very related characteristics. You can’t be broad and deep, you can’t be narrow and shallow. It doesn’t really work. And we’re definitely on the narrow and deep end of the scale. The last question is more about you and your brand: How does it feel to get to this point of arrival, where brands come to you to collaborate, but you don’t have to negotiate about the execution of your ideas because they trust you?  It’s actually more like kind of humorous, because we’re like, “Wow look at that. People are paying attention. What’s going on? Damn how are we getting away with this? This is cool.” We’re still surprised by it. But it’s not a self-evident or something we take for granted at al. At some point, [this attention], it’ll shift again and go away. I think the real advantage of that period where no one was interested, was it allowed us to develop a process outside of an external validation loop. So when we do something, we decide ourselves and we know ourselves without having to ask. It makes you a lot more secure. [We ask ourselves,] “Is it good? Is it not good? Do we like it?” And that’s all we really can do. And we stick to that and right now we’re enjoying the fact that other people are into it at the moment. Written by Brad Weté Brad | Wete. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    BOSS coat, shirt, pants.   BOSS coat, shirt, shorts, and shoes.   BOSS coat and shirt.   BOSS sweater and scarf.   BOSS jacket, vest, and t-shirt.   BOSS jumpsuit  BOSS  turtleneck and pants.  BOSS jacket, turtleneck, pants, and shoes.   BOSS coat, turtleneck, and pants.   FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: BOSS sweatshirt, shorts, and shoes. BOSS sweater, shorts, and shoes.  FASHION CREDITS: BOSS coat.   Shot by Shane McCauley, we showcase the German Luxe house's new collection in our New Fantasy Issue. Photographer: Shane McCauley.Stylist: Alexandra Cronan.Models: Darin Wilkens at Next Models and Kristian Buhl at Photogenics.Groomer: Ted Gibson for tedgibsonsalon.com at Artists and Company.Production Assistant: Alex Ceballos.Styling Assistant: Virginia Fontaine.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017               Los Angeles just got one step closer to its fashion capital status with the opening of Acne Studios’ second Los Angeles location in West Hollywood. Like all of the cult brand’s spaces, the West Hollywood flagship store’s décor is unique to its location. Featuring custom furniture by Max Lamb and Benoit Lalloz aluminum light fixtures that pop out of the pale acid yellow ceiling and walls, the space’s centerpiece, a Daniel Silver sculpture composed of cashmere-wool fabric featuring bright colored shapes draped over a large-scale aluminum, doubles as the dressing rooms.  All of this incased by floor to ceiling glass walls certainly beautifies the Melrose block. Thursday, March 22nd, on a rare rainy LA night, some of the city's finest came out to toast the store’s opening. The Yola Mezcal mules brightly seasoned by fresh dill and caviar & chips helped along the mental feeling that we might actually be in Sweden. Following your umbrella attendant to the back lot, a mesmerizing performance by Kelsey Lu captivated the audience that included A$AP Rocky, Dev Hynes, Kacy Hill, Kim Gordon, Kelela, Pom Klementieff, Maya Rudoph, Lykke Li, and more. The night was capped off by each guest receiving a Daniel Silver x Acne Studios t-shirt, which features a print of Silver’s work.  If you’re feeling a little left out here not to worry, 100 of the t-shirts will be sold exclusively at the new location.  Written by Britton LitowAll photos coutesy of Getty Images Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   All clothing by ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA COUTURE. All clothing by ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA COUTURE. REMEMBER THAT EPIC SCENE? HE’S THREADING THROUGH THE FOREST, HIS SILHOUETTE PORTENDING SHOULDERS LIKE THAT OF A COOL BEAST, HIS PIERCING EYES, HIS LOPING GAIT, A CONSUMMATE, UNCEASING EXHALE OF SNOW FROM THE SKIES DRUMMING DOWN AROUND HIS PURPOSE AS HE CRUNCHES OVER THAT WHICH FELL ONLY MOMENTS BEFORE? I can’t exactly place it either, but that’s irrelevant. For here at the Ermenegildo Zegna Couture FW18 show—45 exacting looks presented on a wintry night inside the eerily brutalist Bocconi University in Milan, where Swiss installation artist Thomas Flechtner has made the mise- en-scène more wintry still (a room temp blizzard, frankly)—the stylish, cinematic swagger reads of familiar celluloid. The moment in question? That turning point preceding a climactic snap in a Criterion Collection-esque, hell-bent hero effort, the finality of which results in lust, violence, grief. The culmination of this particularly filmic drama for Zegna’s Artistic Director, Alessandro Sartori, is not of critical importance. His Zegna man will accomplish his will. Of importance is the process of getting to that stage of execution, of striking a carefully considered balance between organic intuition and cultured ingenuity. Of owning it, start to finish. Joining Sartori inside Zegna’s palatially sleek office block on Milan’s Via Savona, we explore the nuanced origins of this particular collection, his second as lead of the house. “The brief on the season,” says Sartori, who previously headed design at Berluti, and previous to that Zegna’s diffusion line, Z Zegna, “was to start this conversation between organic and modern. Between crafted and technical, or technological. The collection has a purpose to tell a story that is not only related to the aesthetic, but is related to the full environment where the collection is embodied.”Regarding one environment this particular collection will embody, I share with Sartori the theme of the magazine edition that will house his fashion feature and interview: “New Fantasy.” This theme acknowledges that the conventions of fantasy as we’ve known them have been eroded in part by an awakened sense of self; that fantasy is much more today about defining an environment than the pursuit of an environment which, in turn, defines you. Sartori agrees his collection expresses similar sentiments. “We wanted a world created by a mix of several things that is a new aesthetic,” he shares. “Today is no longer about having a tailored look, and adding a sportswear detail. Or having a sportswear look and adding a jacket. Today is not about that. Today is a new approach, which is ‘I dress in my own way, my own style.’ Much more individualistic.” I ask about the influence of Trivero on the collection, home to the revered Zegna woolen mills, company HQ, and the Zegna family nature preserve, present in many instances quite literally. A nearby mountainside spills atop a handful of pieces; a topcoat features a bird’s footprints in fresh snow—“a woven fantasy” as Sartori calls it, anchored in the house’s modern fabric techniques. The marquee of these techniques is Oasi cashmere, cultivated on a 100 sq. km nature preserve in the mountains of Trivero and treated with all-natural dyes from wood, herbs, and natural pigments (browns and grays, for instance, come from tea, burnt hues from henna, blues and grays from Indian woods). “I like to be grounded in the aesthetic,” Sartori suggests of the natural environment’s inclusion in the pieces’ construction, “but then to tell the story, for instance, of the Oasi cashmere—a new generation of chemical-free fabrics and colorants. And to tell how this new world could be good for the snow, or the asphalt, or going to see an exhibit—the full idea being very graphic, very precise. Very bold a few times with a neutral, solid base everywhere else.” As we’re circumnavigating the racks with our cups of tea, Sartori describes how his world, while calculatedly mixed with elements of pragmatism and fantasy, is still not out of touch with reality. Some 16 looks will be available in store, and another 6-10 will be replicable or interchangeable via different combinations of make, an unusually high ratio considering the vast amount of fashion that spills onto the runway for the purposes of showing (or wowing), not storytelling all the way through to retail. “I think it’s important,” Sartori explains, “to show what you sell. In the end, 22-24 looks will be available, which I feel is fair.” I ask Sartori about how this thoughtful and very modern approach to production and design should be communicated to the world. “It’s important to not do it solely for marketing purposes,” he concedes. “We hate that. But we’re not a company that is pushing, saying, ‘Oh, we’re doing this.’ The Zegna family—the family values are real. But if it’s coming naturally from a communication, from sales, or even production, with creativity—why not?” Sartori adds that this personable approach, in a fashion environment lost at sea with regards to remedying the “see it buy it” culture of contemporary garment consumption, plays out in a highly evolved customer service scheme he actualized through his historically innovative production team. “Eleven looks from the show, for instance, are made to measure. A customer today can enter ten Zegna boutiques worldwide and order things from the show. We deliver in six weeks. No one does that.” Back to our hero. The snow plodding. The temperament. One of ten worldwide boutiques lay out before him, glowing. Sartori’s runway model is meticulously sought, but lucid in feel, self-defined. “Of course I use young boys,” he remarks while thumbing through the racks to demonstrate his favorite looks, “but we all change and our bodies change, so the personality is a measure of who best suits the clothes. We did five castings. One each in LA, New York, London, Paris, and Milano. I tell them to wear a jacket, and I like to see them from different angles. I like to get behind to observe the reception on other people’s faces, and I look at their personal style and what they choose. Today, there is a lot more to consider than just being beautiful. And you have to have a strong energy; you have to be a character. There are a lot of beautiful looking models, but once they walk they aren’t expressing what I like. On the other side, you have people you won’t expect, and they put the clothes on and wow, they fly.” Freshly fallen snow, tea-dyed cashmere, a near instantaneous tailoring model for the global gent, beautiful boys rucking beatnik paperbacks and juicy sets of headphones... who can fly? It seems Sartori’s got a handle on the ingredients for a favorable new fantasy, organic in make, dominant en scène, technical in orbit. Written by Matthew BedardPhotographer: Owen Reynolds at Coffin Inc.Stylist: Davey Sutton.Models: Trent Lafond at IMG Models and Oscar B. at Premier Model Management.Hair: Paula McCash using Babyliss Pro and Bumble and BumbleMakeup: Amy Conley using Dermalogica at Stella Creative Artists.Photo Assistant: Jade Danielle Smith.Stylist Assistant: Niall Underwood.Location: Jump Studio. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                                                     Last night, in cahoots with long-time pals Fendi, we celebrated our New Fantasy Issue along with its cover star, Charlie Heaton, at residential gallery Casa Perfect by The Future Perfect in Beverly Hills. The Stranger Things actor arrived sporting Fendi SS18, along with several other young Hollywood play makers--Kiersey Clemons and Kelvin Harrison Jr to name a few.  Also in attendance were musicians Rainsford, Kacy Hill, and Soko, along with social media stars Amanda Steele and Annabelle Fleur. Celebrity chef Marcel Vigneron of Wolf provided never-ending munchies, as guests wiggled to music by vinyl DJs Eddie Ruscha, followed by The Allah-Las. Special thanks to Maestro Dobel cocktails, Scribe Winery and Heineken for keeping attendees far from thirsty. Check out the gallery above for a recap of the night.  Photos c/o Sean Behr, Bill Farrell of BFA, and Stefanie Keenan of WireImage   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Credits: BACCARAT mosaique pitcher and mosaique glasses, LEVI’S shirt, and FLEUR DU MAL lingerie set. Fashion Credits: DKNY slip, BACCART cup, and model’s own ring. We’re fine with spinning our hundred thousand dollar whips out into LA traffic where they might be crunched, scratched, bent, breathed on. We’re ok draping ourselves in our eclectic collections of fine jewelry, knowing a Melrose mugging could go down at any time. We build our sexy homes on mountainsides with sweeping views, knowing earthquakes, fires, or mudslides might change our address at any time. And yet, when it comes to glassware in the home, we cheap out. We’re afraid. Glassware can break. But ask our friends at fabled French crystal-crafter Baccarat, and they’ll tell you that without curatorial continuity in all aspects of your life, you’ve no fantasy. And with no fantasy, you’re far from fabulous. Model: Sydney Roper at Photogenics.Styled by Britton Litow.Photographer: Ian Morrison at OPUS Reps. Hair & Makeup: Nathaniel Dezan at Opus Beauty. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Art Credit: EDOUARD MANET. “JEANNE DUVAL, LA MAÎTRESSE DE BAUDELAIRE (LA DAME À L’ÉVENTAIL)” (1862). OIL ON CANVAS. 113 X 90 CM. COURTESY MUSEUM OF FINE ARTS, BUDAPEST. JOHN BALDESSARI. “DOUBLE BILL: ...AND MANET” (2012). LACQUERED INKJET PRINT ON CANVAS WITH ACRYLIC AND OIL PAINT. 152.4 X 152.4 CM. COURTESY OF THE ARTIST AND MARIAN GOODMAN GALLERY, NEW YORK. A new art book, Fashion Drive: Extreme Clothing in the Visual Arts (accompanying an exhibition of the same name opening in April), explores the relationship between art and fashion throughout the ages, presenting 500 years of the shared history of the mediums. MAX ERNST. “ABOVE THE CLOUDS IS MIDNIGHT. ABOVE MIDNIGHT HANGS THE INVISIBLE BIRD OF THE DAY. A LITTLE HIGHER THAN THE BIRD THE ETHER GROWS AND THE WALLS AND ROOFS FLOAT” (1920). PHOTOGRAPHIC ENLARGEMENT OF THE EPONYMOUS PHOTOMONTAGE. 53 X 55 CM. COURTESY KUNSTHAUS ZÜRICH AND PROLITTERIS, ZURICH. In the 1960s, Yves Saint Laurent paid homage to Piet Mondrian with a series of six now-famous color-blocked cocktail dresses. More recently, Jeff Koons collaborated with Louis Vuitton for an ornate line of luxury handbags. There are more stuffy paintings of aristocrats and royals arranged in ludicrously decadent attire at the Louvre then you could ever care to look at. Each of these cross-pollinations reflect the long relationship fashion and art have shared throughout history, informing and reflecting one another and the culture in which they are created. When art and fashion collide new perspectives come to light. In John Baldessari’s painting “Double Bill: ...And Manet,” part of his 2012 Double Bill exhibition, the artist pulls inspiration from Manet’s “Jeanne Duval, la Maîtresse de Baudelaire (La Dame à l’éventail),” from 1862. The mistress’s dress and shoes can be seen peeking out from under a passenger ship in Baldessari’s reinterpretation. The precise meaning is left to the imagination, but the juxtaposition of the crinoline (a cage-like skirt shaper) and the large passenger liner, both of which were popular among the upper classes in the 1850s, brings to mind passing trends, obsolete forms, and questions about class and gender. The exhibit, opening at the Kunsthaus Zürich in April, explores the subject in a larger-than-life manner with displays of paintings, sketches, and sculptures from artists all over the world who have found themselves, like many others, inspired by fashion. Written by Sarah Smithy Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Calvin Klein 205W39NYC A popcorn laden barn was the backdrop for Raf Simons’ third runway show for Calvin Klein where he continued an evolution of his idea of what Calvin Klein and America mean since his first season in 2017.  The staging of fashion shows has become a crucial ingredient to the message and the soul of a collection as clothes now required meaning and an emotional connect here at Raf Simons’ Calvin Klein as it is elsewhere this season in New York. Last season’s nightmare with car crash-printed jean jackets and leather skirts has now transformed into a more universal melting pot of old and new worlds. Simon and Garfunkel’s Sound of Silence song added tumult to the emotionally charged show as models walked and waddled on the piles of popcorn that stuck to their boots and heels like sands in a moment of optimism as the clothes channel the uniting of narratives to form a vivid tableau of a new freedom and a new suggestion of dressing-- an orange firefighter coat over a brown wool plaid long coat, an EMT coat under a broad shoulder coat and slim pants, a yellow Road Runner motif knit, a sheer pink plaid prairie dress worn over brown orange skirt, and white large worker factory shirts paired with vinyl pants.  Simons seems to be suggesting that if one looks carefully and avoids the “hearing without listening” there are great American fashion roots that are pertinent ingredients to remix into a great collection. Here all the garments we rarely notice were on full display albeit in another context fostering a different meaning. There was less reference to art than in the previous two collections where images from the Warhol ‘60s abound on jackets and pants. At the very least, Simons brought into the fashion conversation a process in integration through clothes that ought to have an impact on how the younger generation thought about the products they consume either digitally or at the stores.  A few days earlier in the same building but with a radically different set of accouterments Bottega Veneta showed the BVxNY collection with a setting of a sumptuous and large apartment complete with dining room and living room sofas where the models hung out and relaxed as the show ended and the audience rushed onto the set for drinks and hors d’oeuvres.  The narrative for Bottega has embraced the chicness of New York’s elite society as a narrative that surrounded the clothes. To celebrate the opening of the Madison Avenue townhouse store, BV even published a small newspaper proclaiming “Bottega Veneta Shines Bright with Maison on Madison Avenue.” Bottega Veneta The show’s opening sequence of a silk jumpsuit paired with wool coat set the tone for a lineup comprising of well-crafted clothes.  Bottega’s men’s offerings were more fashionable than when the collection was shown in Milan where the clothes reflected the brand ultra discreet luxury. Now more ostentatious tiger print coats or leather blousons, gold patent leather pea coat, a patchwork multicolor dinner jacket or an orange suit upped the fashion quotient usually not part of the vocabulary of Bottega Veneta but for this one occasion in NY, it was perhaps necessary to reach out to younger consumers who like their clothes to stand out more.  Tom Ford The smell of incense of myrrh with notes of saffron and coriander from the collection of private blend perfume permeated the entire Park Avenue at Tom Ford’s bold show. The disco music may have suggested an '80s sentiment, yet these clothes, which bear the designer’s trademark theme of excess –with his white and purple-strapped dress matched with leopard stockings. Ford’s vision has always been about unabashed female power through clothes and here, the power of the leggings have an infinite variety. In terms of excess, no one can overtake Philipp Plein who constructed a snowy North Pole complete with a space ship visit that dropped off Irina Shayk in a black cat suit accompanied by a large robot at the Brooklyn Navy Yard just moments after Migos performed.  Plein had the clothes that perfectly match the atmosphere he created, namely, a bejeweled body corset, sleeveless black down jumpsuit, white spotted long furs with transparent overlay, and a range of silver sparkling cargo pants. Stuart Vevers transformed the center stage of Basketball City near South Street Seaport into a dark cavernous midnight forest. The girls wore long dresses in patchwork of floral fabrics with ruffled hemlines. As the models walked randomly at the end of the show zig-zaging through the empty woods, their dresses and boots left trails of earth behind their fast pace walk leaving behind a feeling of a collection that is more well rounded and can stand alone rather than one to support Coach massive leather accessory business. “It took more than six hours,” Prabal Gurung told me at a CFDA breakfast for their new book on American Runway penned by Booth Moore the day after his show at Spring Studios where he commissioned three Tibetan Buddhist sand paintings on the floor so that his models walked on them at the finale.  The purpose of sand painting is to learn a principle tenet of Buddhism – impermanence.  Once a sand painting is completed, it is erased and the process begins anew until the individual grasps transience. These paintings furnished the background for the designer childhood memories of women who brought him up and of the Sherpa women of his native Nepal who weave their own cloth to make clothes.  Now, he turned these memories into a collection that fused East and West cultural and artisanal crafts epitomized by the opening outfit an ivory cashmere turtleneck with fox fur trims, sarong skirts, and mandala strip wool scarf in an effortless manner.    Another late evening at Spring Studio saw a group of gospel singers performing Kendrick Lamar’s “Alright” for Kerby Jean-Raymond’s Pyer Moss show pervaded with political innuendos specifically a focus on the black cowboys who somehow never made it to the ubiquitous white history of the American West. The collection was full of wearable clothes –patchwork leather jackets, white shearlings, embroidered western shirts, leather bikers and large flare pants.  The finale included a segment of the current collaboration with Reebok illustrated by the big furry coats, track jackets and basketball shorts and the new iterations of the classic Reebok leather sneakers. It was a charming show where the designer’s past political activism was kept to a minimal while the clothes spoke for themselves.  Brandon Maxwell And in a studio at Time Warner Center, the open view onto Central Park at night only enhanced the experience of Brandon Maxwell’s wonderful clothes that seemed more relaxed this time than in previous season where they felt more like costumes. Karlie Kloss looked amazing in a simple spaghetti strap corset and wool flare pants as did Joan Smalls in a sleeveless flare ivory knit dress or Jourdan Dunn in a split front sparkling grey dress.  Marvelous clothes in a marvelous setting. Elsewhere around the city, Tory Burch had her models walk around a man-made park full of blooming pink carnations sprouted on top of moist fresh grass and ferns at an empty space under the Queensboro Bridge that was once home to the Food Emporium supermarket. And what an appropriate and perfect setting for the series of light floral print dress worn with white furry coats, argyle sweaters on floral print skirts, or black paisley long tunic and ivory wool pants, clothes that are destined for the stores in the fall. Burch’s business is built on the understanding and the commercial execution that the runway and the stores are the same locale. The same philosophy applied to the Michael Kors Collection show that took place at the Vivian Beaumont Theatre at Lincoln Center as a “Valentine to personal style” per the show booklet made to resemble a real theater program.  There were multiple posters at the entrance with the large size framed posters illustration of Kors jumping with his hands in the air. Models walked in the rotunda to a soundtrack remix the greatest hits of the ‘80s and ‘90s wearing red and gold tartans coats with floral dresses, chunky sweater and grey pants, black strapless dress and a series of classic menswear looks that included a fur coat and roll up jeans, an all grey suit ensemble and a yellow wool cape with red tartan pants.  Later, in a simple studio at Pier 59, Rio Uribe paraded his models of all genders and sizes all wearing Gypsy Sport’s black and white combinations of tailored jacket with lace sleeve and cycling shorts, patchwork coats with running shorts, and a variety of micro dresses and asymmetrical white blouses. There is a more maturity in many of the jackets which isn’t a forte of the young brand yet this time the workmanship seemed more controlled. The cast included a 10-year-old drag star Desmond Is Amazing who wore a sort of corseted garments. At the Masonic Grand Lodge, Siriano celebrated his 10th anniversary with 72 outfits mostly his signatures over the years like grand ball gowns and sexy dresses and separates that proved his range of commercial clothes matching his diverse range of models. This time the fabrics are more luxurious than previous seasons like metallic jacquard and crystal velvets.  And finally at the end of the long week, we returned to the Park Avenue Armory to find an atmosphere so radically different from the Tom Ford set the week prior.  The rusty smell of the wooden floor has replaced the soft floral smell of Vanille Fatale and two rows of overhead lights and two rows of seats with industrial numbers attached in lieu of the sumptuous lilac carpeting.  Yet, in this bare environment stripped of any kind of decorations fancy or otherwise, we witnessed the end of the New York show season with an incredible lesson in fashion as the model Arielle Murtagh entered the vast armory wearing a bright red wool felt coat with extremely large 2 button coat, a giant scarf wrapped around her neck revealing a purple bow blouse underneath and her face slightly hidden by a large dark navy brim hat by Stephen Jones.  What followed was an unabashed vision of fashion as narrated by the explosion of colors and an exaggerated volume of clothing– coats, high waist pants, giant blouse with puff sleeves, giant bows and scarfs and for the most part a combination of all the above elements into one singular look.  In an era of fast fashion and instant gratification, a deep purple cropped fur coat with a black satin blouse wrapped with giant neck bow, a navy waist bow covering the mustard wool pants or a giant double-breasted coat that seemed to bury the model are the kind of fashion that required the audience’s knowledge and culture in order to appreciate this antithesis of the now.  There was a whiff of the ‘80s blowing through the empty space at the Armory. Fashion does not happen in a vacuum but one designer’s work built upon another.  In a New York fall season, where few designers stood up for fashion creativity, that double yes meant perhaps an Olympic gold despite a somber mood of the show which was a one full point deduction.   Written by Long Nguyen Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                    Jasmine Sanders and DJ Vashtie Thursday night (March 15) marked the opening of Bebe’s New York City flagship store. Crossways from the Empire State Building, Bebe opened its doors to celebrate the revamped brand. Springtime florals adorned the storefront windows, while neon glimpses of pink and blue lit up the space. Empowering women of different sizes and ethnicities, Bebe updated its slogan to match, “Be Bold. Be Different. Be You.” In addition, new categories and size ranges have been enhanced to fit every woman in their own unique way. Plus and petite sizes were added along with professional and bridal apparel. These new additions to the brand are a strategic measure to honor real women of all different kinds. To celebrate this launch, we sat down with brand ambassador, model, and social media sensation, Jasmine Sanders (AKA Golden Barbie), along with DJ Vashtie. Read that below. As a brand ambassador for Bebe, what are some of your go-to looks? I’m all about comfort, so all of my looks definitely include the big t-shirt dress vibe. I know a lot of people see me in them paired with thigh-high boots. Specifically, the t-shirt dress with “Bebe” written across it. It’s always one of my go-to’s. I’m always trying to customize stuff to make it a little edgier, just for me. It’s a good piece to roll up the sleeves or cut something off to play it up in a different vibe. The revamped Bebe slogan is “Be bold. Be different. Be you.” How does this statement align with your values? I’m all about being myself and especially in this new year. I’m doing what makes me happy, saying yes more, being bold, and extremely crazy. Not crazy in a bad way, but in a fun way that helps you let go. But like I said, saying yes to more things because we should all be celebrating life. My main focus is to be bold and be fun. This new campaign is designed to empower women of all shapes, sizes, and ethnicities, why do you think that is important for this day and age? I think this is important for this day and age, and really any day and age because the world is very different. Nobody is cookie cutter, nobody looks exactly alike, and it’s nice when you can go in a store and you feel comfortable because they shape and work with women that are different like you. I love that I’m able to support a brand and push a brand that really does that for women. I feel like they’ve been doing that all of my life. I’ve always rocked Bebe, I’ve always shopped at Bebe, especially for my simple black dress, which is another good go-to. You grew up shopping at Bebe. Looking back, what are some of your all-time favorite purchases? Well, I’m definitely a Dad hat person, so if I’m going with an accessories look I always go that route. But I have literally owned everything down to jewelry, dresses, and faux fur. I grew up in South Carolina so for me, Bebe was the best place to find a really good dress, or even something for a job interview. They always have something that covers every ground. You can even get gym stuff here, and I love their gym wear. What do you love most about this new collection? Well, like I said, I really love the Bebe t-shirt dress, but I feel like Bebe is all about the body-con dress. I think that’s what I always see it for, good dresses. When did you begin working in music as a DJ? I’ve been DJ’ing for about 7 seven years. How is the Bebe slogan--“Be bold. Be different. Be you”--applied in your life? I’ve always been true to myself and followed the beat of my own drum. I’ve always had my own style and look, which helped me to get where I am now. As a female DJ in an industry dominated by your male counterparts, how do you feel empowered? I feel empowered because I know my true self and I spend a lot of time internally. I focus on meditating and getting really centered which I think keeps me grounded. If you could give any advice to other females in your industry, what would you say? I would say to not worry about what other people are doing or what other people say to you. Follow your heart and your voice. It’s easy to get caught up in what other people are doing and distracted by their perceptions and expectations. [Jasmine interjects: She’s amazing; you can quote me on that!] What’s one of your favorite things about Bebe? I love that it’s universal. There’s something for everyone and even transcends trend because there are a lot of classic pieces, but also a lot that are on trend. There is something here for every different type of girl. There’s a lot of bold pieces, but also a lot of subtle pieces, and they each have their own stand out moments. Written by Morgan VickeryPhotos by Isaac von Hallberg Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   CHANEL HAUTE COUTURE dresses. Fashion Credits: ELIE SAAB HAUTE COUTURE dress and head cap. “J’aime ceux qui restent beaux et éternels, ceux qui ne sont pas pertubés par les détails, des ornaments ou des couleurs qui les veillissent  prématurément.  Ceux qui sont les plus simples et les plus dificiles à realizer!” ("I like when they are beautiful and timeless, not cluttered with details, ornaments, and colors that prematurely age them. The simplest ones are the most difficult to create!”) are the first words inscribe on a white wall on the right side of the entrance to the “Azzedine Alaïa Je suis couturier” exhibition curated by Olivier Saillard at the heart and soul of Alaïa – the building complex on the rue de Moussy/rue de la Verrerie in the Marais that is home to his apartment, atelier, store, small hotel, gallery, archive storage, showroom, and off course the iconic kitchen. Opened with a preview for the designer’s friends and family on the eve of the spring/summer haute couture shows, this exhibition serves as a memorial to Mr. Alaïa who passed mid-November 2017.  These 41 dresses in nearly all in black and white save for a handful red, an acqua blue and black spanned four decades of Alaīa’s work from a pair of white stretch silk – a sleeveless Grecian draped, folded and belted short at the waist and a long dress slightly flared at the helm studded with metal eyelets both from summer 1981 – to the long black gown consisting of a knit top with crystal beads waist onto a tulle and velvet with laser cut leather and metal pieces gown from fall 2017 that Naomie Campbell closed the final show last July. VIKTOR & ROLF COUTURE dress and CHANEL FINE JEWELRY necklace. Alaïa highlighted the elegance of the body’s curvatures with masterful handiwork in a manner that merged traditional savoir-faire and modern techniques.  Once these were the dresses that the ‘couturier’ himself sculpted on the bodies of many of the supermodels that first wore them.  Only by looking very closely at a black lamb leather dress with tiny perforated holes that looked like some kind of embroidered pattern from afar, I can practically feel the hands of the atelier worker and most often Alaïa himself making the precision of the cuts that formed a tiny opening on the leather.  Sliced at each opening to form a pattern along the trim of the dress, these perforations seemed freshly cut despite the dress’ actual years.  The timeless quality of craft and in design omnipresent Alaïa’s clothes should be a marker for haute couture. GIVENCHY HAUTE COUTURE coat, bodysuit, and skirt. The spring/summer 2018 haute couture season is marked by how designers at many of Paris’ storied fashion houses now grand institutions and corporate megaliths deploy the essence of couture craftsmanship in search of defining new meanings for a category of fashion often deemed antiquated in the mobile digital era of fast consumption.  How and can these traditional handmade clothes still find resonance today amidst the rapidly changing fashion landscape? GAULTIER PARIS dress. “Because haute couture is a dream of fashion. It’s a place where there are no limits in pushing boundaries and experimenting with technique, material, and form,” was the mantra stated in the printed booklet at Dior where white plasters sculptures of large lips, torsos, eyes, and hands hung above the black and white checkerboard floor illuminating a surrealist theme. Draped light ivory muslin covered the tent in the garden of the Musée Rodin where the models wore clothes that were both rich in imagination and lauded with precise craftsmanship by the house ateliers. GIAMBATTISTA VALLI HAUTE COUTURE top and shorts. Maria Grazia Chiuri displayed a restraint in her approach to the 1920’s surrealism theme and the artist Leonor Fini who had exhibited in Mr. Dior art gallery with only a few of the obvious elements from that cultural era manifested on the garments.  Here the breastplate like its white plaster version hanging above the audience made it onto the clothes in a long slight sheet chiffon dress with silvery gradient embroidery of the torso silhouette edged onto the tulle fabrics.  There on one white coat or a long sleeveless sheath embroidered with black beads embroidery was what could have been a sketch from Dalí or Miró depicting a chaotic scene assembling the outlines of images of tears drops, wolves and even a large lobster.    IRIS VAN HERPEN dress and DIOR FINE JEWELRY earrings. For Dior, the boundaries of fashion could have been pushed further forward with more experiments with technique, material and form - the base of haute couture and what differentiate these unique clothes on the models who walked and the customers who special order these clothes.  While the tailored white and dark navy pantsuits and the variations of the tuxedo vest worn with black tulle skirts seemed more in tune with the wardrobe demands of younger women today, the shape of a few of the dresses like a black and white checker long dress with matching feather cape felt destined for an older clientele than the current millennial generation Dior is espousing with great focus.    ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER HAUTE COUTURE jacket and pants. Dior’s rival Chanel recreated an elaborate replica of the Jardin des Tuileries first commissioned by Catherine de Medici along the Seine River at the Palais Royal in 1559 as the setting for a show where a lighter mood and much lesser embellishment made the clothes cling onto the body of the models like a second skin.  But this Chanel gardens isn’t all about flowers although the floral leitmotif is seen throughout the collection – on sparking ankle boots and on subtle embroideries permeating throughout but mostly reflected in the color palette – greens, pinks, rose, lilac, and light yellows.  The opening sequence of updated classics tweeds suiting came in the lighter fabrics and a few worn not with a long skirt but with tight matching running shorts in all white. SCHIAPARELLI HAUTE COUTURE jacket and shorts CHANEL FINE JEWELRY necklace. The series of blue, green and black pleated chiffon two pieces or long tiered light pink dresses offered a clean alternative between the more daywear suiting and the evening dresses are much less ornamented but each garment is a product of the meticulous handiwork of the multiple ateliers with their specialties.  A standout look is a light pink silk satin strapless short dress with organza embroidered overlay – a look that demonstrated both the slim fit and the loose elements all combined into one dress.  Such legèreté and an airy lightness in spirit are often very difficult to achieve in couture.   MAISON MARGIELA ARTISANAL BY JOHN GALLIANO coat, dress, and bustier. Sounds of crickets can be heard in the background in the darkened rooms on the first floor of the Archives National with slightly opened blinds on the large frame windows allowing a sliver of white moonlight pierced through the slightly opened blind in the middle of a late calm summer night.  The moon cycle - full moon to small crest - is reflected in the different circular adornments on back of coats or embroidered in black circles on a white strapless long dress. Such was the atmosphere for Clare Waight Keller’s debut haute couture show for Givenchy, a brand that last had a runway couture show nearly six years ago under a different creative director.   Left to right: VALENTINO HAUTE COUTURE coat, shirt, and pants, and PHILIP TREACY FOR VALENTINO hat. VALENTINO HAUTE COUTURE dress. The clothes contrasted of the rigid structure of menswear tailoring and the fluidity of a soft dress like a black tailored coat with white and blue feather lining worn with a sparkling deep v-neck silver long dress belted above the waist or the black long coat cut away at the front to reveal a white silk satin three-tier flare dress. The black strapless lace and tulle corset and slim black pants or the white strapless flowing long dress made the point for couture clothes that are less ornamented.  The simple black turtleneck paired with a long black multicolor violet to red to blue ruffle skirt to prove the point that couture clothes do not have to be all about heavy-handed embroideries.  A sleeveless long jacket and leather pants and blue patented leather coat and lurex sweater were a few men’s evening rocker looks that suggested a new way for men to dress up at night instead of the traditional tuxedo.   Keller delivered both the poetic that give couture a soul and the hardware of crafting bold and imaginative clothes that can capture an audience and perhaps also a new customer base for a house long known for its couture heritage. ARMANI PRIVÉ bustier and shorts At Maison Margiela, the clothes now have a digital and a physical reality.  John Galliano continued his excursions into the current state of rapid dressing and relaxed glamor for an exceptional artisanal show that embraced the irony of the digital era.  A note printed on transparent paper was included with the invitation that asked the audience to use the flash mode when taking pictures from their seats, well some were actually sculptures by the artist Jessi Reaves who used the house vintage fabrics to make these fusion ‘sofa’ pieces. Galliano brought the digital disruptions where designers aimed to maximize the visual of the clothes for the small mobile screen to haute couture where his remixes of deconstructed and overlapped of garments to create novel shapes embracing both sports elements like PVC coats and ski anoraks disrupted the traditional notion of couture.  A fused black nylon trench and cotton polka dots dress became a part trench zipped onto the side of the dress and a comingling of sleeves with the black nylon fabrics transformed into a holographic silvery multicolor reflective mirror when a picture is taken with a flash aimed directly at the ‘dress’.   The designer surely honors the couture tradition of innovation and making extremely complex clothes that don’t always how they appear.  Yet in the middle of the explosive creative spectacle was a simple marvel – a black satin loose suit cut on the bias that is a Galliano trademark. DIOR HAUTE COUTURE dress and DIOR, FINE JEWELRY necklace and earrings. “A typical haute couture, read in present times, made of bows, of glamour … of emotions … of refined materials such as taffetas and moiré, of lace and of intarsia. An haute couture of present times, that contemplate daytime, the chinos, and the trench, made of pieces assembled during immediate and solemn dressings. A personal and perceived haute couture, intimately presented, as it used to be done,” was how the manifesto described the Valentino show that advocated the essential ingredients of couture coupled with the liberty to explore and experiment. Pierpaolo Piccioli exhibited a sense of total freedom with the loose silhouettes, easy and ultra luxurious clothes in vibrant colors that demonstrated an innate understanding of how modern women approach fashion. The show made no references to the Valentino’s heritage or DNA and instead dedicated each look to specific atelier hand in Rome. One can just feel the weightlessness of the round ruffle dress with layers sliding along the model’s body as each ruffle swayed and glided in different directions or the luxurious ease of a camel long coat worn with a green silk satin corset, white tank, and brown cigarette pants.  Yet plenty of fantasy garments abound such as a series of floral coats and dresses or separates of fancy tees and loose pants or the more extravagant black organza with large embroidery of multicolor petals. Anchored in the present moment using the tools and crafts of couture, Piccioli espoused the couture ethos inherent in Alaïa’s work by deploying the essential crafts of couture and created a collection that can stand the test of time and offered younger women a way of dressing which is not the case with many of the shows this week.  Valentino was the best show of this spring 2018 couture season. Written by Long NguyenPhotographer: Thierry Le Gouès at DCA Management, Paris.Style Director: Long Nguyen.Models: Dahee Chung at MP, Paris and Jiaqi Xu and Qin Lei at M Management, Paris.Hair: Tobias Sagner.Makeup: Kenny Campbell at Airport, Paris.Photography Assistant: Jihed Guasmi Mitterrand.Digital Photography Assistant: Emmanuel Lafay.Location: Studio Zéro, Paris. Grooming Notes: Sublimage Le Teint Foundation 12 Beige Rose, Le Teint Ultra Tenue 10 and 30 Beige, Les 4 Ombres Quadra Eyeshadow 14 Mystic Eyes, Les Beiges Natural Eyeshadow Palette, Inimitable Waterproof Volume Mascara 97 Brown, Stylo Yeux Waterproof Eyeliner 100 Santal, Rouge Allure Lip Colour 94 Exstatique, 96 Excentrique, and 90 Pimpante, Rouge Allure Velvet Matte Lip Colour 42 L’Eclatante and 44 La Diva, Rouge Coco Gloss 728 Icing and 788 Parthenope, Le Vernis Nail Colour 548 White, 504 Organdi and 556 Beige Beige all by CHANEL. Spray Structure Naturelle, Ėclat Naturel Stykling Cream, Lait Luminescence Bi-Phase Detangling Milk, and Laque Souple Light Styling Spray by LEONOR GREYL Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017     Jack Novak is a rising star with a sparkling personality and style that will make you notice her even on an off-stage day. The DJ and singer's video for "The Greatest Night Of My Fucked Up Life" is currently racking up hundreds of thousands of views. But she took a break from rocking the decks and concerts to allow us into her Los Angeles home, where we went straight to her closet. Check out what she's got in there the stories about her favorite pieces. What can we find in your closet?  I’ll start with shoes. My favorite pair that I own is this steel toe Chanel ankle boot. But the sad thing is I lost one of the toe tips crossing Sunset Blvd on my way to a dinner. So Chanel, please, please, send me a new pair? I bought these fringed 20th anniversary Louboutin boots awhile ago but I haven't worn them out yet. I don't know why, you could go completely nude with nothing but these boots on and they'd still steal the show. I should do that. I guess I'm waiting for the mood to strike me.  The more  exotic the shoe, the better. Anything leopard print--it is the perfect neutral. I have so much leopard. Two pairs of booties from Louboutin, over the knee boots from Sergio Rossi, flats from Dolce and Gabbana, and platform heels from Prada. But that's still not enough. Drape me in leopard in a leopard print room and I might be satisfied. What do you have on right now? The sneakers I'm wearing were made for me by a fan. He used different lyrics from different songs of mine, some unreleased. ‘’Addicted To You," "The Greatest Night Of My Fucked Up Life," "Get High Make Love", and then he put my name on them, too. I really love these so much and I wear them all the time. They light up, but I haven’t figured out how to turn them on.  I ordered these Ragged Priest jeans online and when they arrived, I realized they have no back! So I wear them with a pair of tiny shorts and fishnets underneath. But if you really want to turn some heads I recommend you wear them with nothing underneath and go shopping on Rodeo. Where do you shop?    In Los Angeles? Opening Ceremony, I like going to the vintage markets such as the Rose Bowl. You can find amazing things there for the low. And of course, Net-a-Porter and LUISAVIAROMA. For shoes Barney's is a girls best friend. For fun trendy pieces that don't break the bank, I recommend Sorella on Melrose.     Do you have a favorite bag?  All girls love Chanel. I remember the first time I made some real money, first thing I did was: walk straight into the Chanel store and bought a classic black leather quilted bag. I still have it somewhere. I remember feeling so proud walking out that store with my beautiful new bag. Unforgettable! Do you wear more heels or flats? Oh, my God! love both! When I lived in New York, I wore high heels every day, through the snow, on the subway, really everywhere, and it killed me. When I moved to LA, I noticed people are more casual here. You see girls in the street wearing yoga pants and sneakers, so I started to buy more sneakers myself. I love anything iridescent. I bought these silver sneakers in China. They were a souvenir from my tour around Asia. The shopping there was crazy. I own a lot of Nike. Some of them I’ve had since high school. I will never get rid of them. They hold a lot of memories. Where is this jacket from? A lot of my clothes have some kind of a story. A couple years ago for my birthday, my friend blackbear spray painted my logo on the back of this AllSaints leather jacket and gave it to me as a gift. The older it gets the more soft and buttery the leather gets. I collect leather jackets and this is one of my faves.   What's the difference between how you dress on stage and your day-to-day style? Is there any?  I still like to feel cute even when I’m home and comfortable to move when I'm performing. When I’m on stage I choose things that are shiny and stand out more, but I have to be able to move in them. I used to DJ a lot. Like latex! There are some amazing sex shops in Los Angeles, that you can go to. Buy a vibrator and some amazing clothes! Don’t forget to get a lubricant, otherwise you won’t be able to get into them. I’d wear it with more casual pieces. I love faux fur and fur, fuzzy things. Oh, and velvet!! So comfy!  Ruby Written by: Linda NyvltovaPhotos by: Natalie BenesovaVideo by: Andie Eisen Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    PRADA shirt and shorts.  LOEWE shirt and shorts and JIMMY CHOO shoes.  SIMONE ROCHA dress and shirt and CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN boots  PACO RABANNE shirt, skirt, and boots.  PROENZA SCHOULER top and skirt.  DIOR bodysuit, skirt, and boots.  CHANEL dress, jumpsuit, and boots.  CHLOÉ blouse and shorts and CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN boots.  CALVIN KLEIN 205W38NYC Andy Warhol Tunafish Disaster 1963 tank top, skirt, and belt bag.  LOUIS VUITTON vest, blouse, shorts, and shoes.  SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO dress and boot  GUCCI jacket, skirt, underskirt, and shoes FASHION CREDITS: CELINE blouse and skirt and GUCCI shoes Photographer: David Bellemere at Art Department.Style Director: Long Nguyen.Model: Zoë Canada.Hair: Benoit Moeyaert at The Wall Group.Makeup: Aya Komatsu at Bridge Artists.Fashion Editor: Zaquan Champ. Grooming Notes: Skin Illusion Natural Radiance Foundation SPF 10 103 Ivory and 105 Nude, Everlasting Cushion Foundation SPF 50 108 Sand, Poudre, Blush Prodige Illuminating Cheek Colour 02 Soft Peach, Supra Volume Mascara Black, Waterproof Eye Pencil 07 Copper, Eye Brow Pencil 01 Dark Brown all by CLARINS.  5 Couleurs 277 Defy, DiorShow Mono 296 Show, 5 Couleurs Designer 208 Navy Design, Dior Addict Lipstick 266 Delight, 485 Girl and 561 Wonderful, Dior Vernis 237 Milly and 155 Tra-La-La all by DIOR.  Lait Luminescence, Spray Struture Naturelle and Mousse au Lotus Volumatrice by LEONOR GREYL PARIS   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Clockwise: STAUD bag, PRADA wallet available at Matchesfashion.com, UNA LOU ROSÉ wine, MOLESKINE notebook, THE MÖBIUS STRIP CLUB OF GRIEF book of poems, TATCHA cleanser, cream, and serum, PETER MAX X WRANGLER jeans, MEMO PARIS travel spray, JACQUEMUS shoes available at Matchesfashion.com, CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC t-shirt available at Matchesfashion.com, LOEWE X WILLIAM MORRIS brooch at Matchesfashion.com, BYREDO kabuki perfume, HIGHLAND PARK Valkyrie scotch whiskey, and RECREATION CENTER ceramic pitcher and tumblers. Pisces season is here, so you’d better carp the diem and get your celestial fish friend a birthday present! At their best, these water babies are the most artistic, creative, and romantic signs of the zodiac. At their worst, they are that guy that brings an acoustic guitar to the party and plays "Wonderwall" all night. Water they thinkin’?  Pisces might be know as introverted homebodies, but these fish have a nauti side to them. By day they are daydreaming and water-coloring, but by night they give a new meaning to the expression “drink like a fish.” Here at Flaunt, we’ve put together a list of gifts to indulge all sides of your Pisces pals. There’s plenty of fish in the season, so you’d better hop to it because Easter is right around the corner! PETER MAX X WRANGLER jeans, CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC t-shirt available at Matchesfashion.com, STAUD bag, PRADA wallet available at Matchesfashion.com, and JACQUEMUS shoes available at Matchesfashion.com TATCHA cleanser, cream, and serum, RECREATION CENTER ceramic pitcher and tumblers, LOEWE X WILLIAM MORRIS brooch available at Matchesfashion.com, and UNA LOU ROSÉ wine.  HIGHLAND PARK Valkyrie scotch whiskey, RECREATION CENTER ceramic tumblers, THE MÖBIUS STRIP CLUB OF GRIEF book of poems, MOLESKINE notebook, BYREDO kabuki perfume, and UNA LOU ROSÉ wine. LOEWE X WILLIAM MORRIS brooch and PRADA wallet both available at Matchesfashion.com. STAUD bag. JACQUEMUS shoes available at Matchesfashion.com. Photographed by Lindsey KustermanWritten by Andie EisenProduced by Mui-Hai Chu and Britton Litow Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   BALENCIAGA shirt and GLADYS TAMEZ hat. “Bueno, okay. I’m going to give you the story,” Gladys Tamez says with a laugh. It’s genuine and light, with an instant familiarity that makes me feel immediately welcome. The afternoon sun filters into her dreamy, elegant office. Hats in a variety of shapes, sizes, and colors line the walls. The renowned milliner sits beside me on her suede couch. Her face is framed with round glasses, and she is wearing one of her own custom-made creations—a black felt velour haloed by a short brim, finished with a braided leather band around the crown. She wears her design like an extension of herself, enhancing her obvious confidence and down-to-earth vibe. The story goes like this. Before her ascent to her current role as milliner to the stars (Lady Gaga, Beck, Jane Fonda, Beyoncé, and Johnny Depp all count themselves as fans) Tamez ran an in-demand fashion line, called “Franny.” It was on a vacation to Spain that she first encountered the beauty and fantasy that hats could embody. BALENCIAGA shirt and GLADYS TAMEZ hat. She saw the gallant and decorative uniform worn by the matadors, relished how they transformed the men into almost mythic beings. “Since I was a kid,” she tells me, “I was familiar with hats. It was something that I always loved. I met with a haberdasher in Spain—four generations. My husband and I went, and we started talking to them. They had a bull ring, they use the bolero at a fiesta. I fell in love.” When the 2008 recession forced Tamez to close the doors on her fashion line she began focusing on hat-making in earnest, immediately taking a hands-on, craft approach to her newfound passion. For Tamez, designing a hat is like breathing life to a fantasy. She conjures her inspirations and manifests them into being, informed by her surroundings and her vivid imagination. “The inspiration can come from a book, a photo, from a dream,” she reveals. “It depends on the process I develop every season, and then from there I develop every hat with a specific idea.” When she designs she seldom touches a pencil, instead letting her hands paint the picture, working with the materials until the design emerges. “It’s much more sculptural,” Tamez says. “I want to be different. I don’t want to have a basic mold.” While inspired by icons of elegance from past generations, she also sets out to create something truly original. The end result is timeless yet modern, a magical merging of a storied craft with contemporary sensibilities. There is no such thing as “I’m not a hat person” when collaborating with Tamez. When she takes your measurements, she stays away from what’s in your closet and focuses on the individual. “I look at the eyes when I meet somebody,” she says, taking off her glasses for emphasis, “I will look at the color that goes with you, your neutrals. And I always say, pick the hat that goes with you and not with your clothing. You wear the hat, the hat doesn’t wear you.” When you wear one of her custom creations it’s as if you’ve been introduced to a piece of yourself that you never thought was missing. You transform. “They’re like: ‘This is amazing, it feels great, I look good.’ The hat gives you confidence, and it’s instant. It’s instant love.” Like Gaga becoming Joanne, a good hat can enable the wearer to undergo a metamorphosis, to embody a wished-for self. In Tamez’s eyes, a well-made hat is the centerpiece of any good outfit. It should be taken seriously and chosen with care. She maintains the lost art of wood-block molding, using her hands to pull, drape, and sculpt. “They take ten hours to work,” Tamez comments on the process. “Eight hours just to mold and then another hour or two hours to sew.” She often thinks about the person who might wear her creations as she crafts them: “You wonder who’s going to wear it. It’s the fantasy of imagining the life it will have.” In an era of mass production and fast fashion, there’s a special magic to the craftsmanship, quality, and care that comes with a Tamez creation. The widespread appreciation for her hats is reflective of the larger trend towards the bespoke and the meaningful—the fantasy of reclaiming the art in the everyday. Written by Leslie GonzalezPHOTOGRAPHER: NICK GREEN.HAIR & MAKEUP: MUAMERA PULIC USING CHANEL PALETTE ESSENTIELLE AND ORIBE HAIR CARE AT OPUS BEAUTY.PHOTOGRAPHY ASSISTANT: JESSICA LANSING. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Stylist’s own shirt and socks, ALEXANDER MCQUEEN tank top, COMME DES GARÇONS pants, THOM BROWNE shoes, and YESTADT MILLINERY hat.  THOM BROWNE bodysuits.  JIL SANDER dress.  JIL SANDER dress.  ADAM SELMAN dress, ALEJANDRA ALONSO ROJAS cardigan, stylist’s own socks, and NINA RICCI shoes.  ETRO dress, stylist’s own shirt and socks, PREEN BY THORNTON BREGAZZI shoes and bonnet.  ZAC POSEN dress, stylist’s own shirt and socks, and NINA RICCI shoes.  OFF-WHITE C/O VIRGIL ABLOH dress, MISSONI socks and gloves, PRADA shoes, and NINA RICCI headpiece.  ZAC POSEN dress, stylist’s own socks, NINA RICCI shoes, and CREATURES OF COMFORT apron belt.   ZAC POSEN dress and YANDY corset, bra, and garter.  CÉLINE dress, stylist’s own socks, and NINA RICCI shoes. Fashion Credits: OFF-WHITE C/O VIRGIL ABLOH dress, stylist’s own socks, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, and VERA WANG hat. A frog, thick books, and fresh couture. Here's a fashion story from our New Fantasy Issue. Photographer: Alexander Saladrigas at Cerutti + Co.Stylist: Jimi Urquiaga at Judy Casey.Casting and Creative Director: Jimi Urquiaga at Judy Casey.  Models: Jabali Sandiford at New York Model Management, Taja Feistner at New York Model Management, Unia Pakhomova at New York Model Management, Tess Mcmillan at Muse Management, Torraine Futurum, Jake Dupont, and Joseph Dupont.Hair: Mustafa Yanaz using ORIBE Hair Care at Kramer + Kramer.Makeup: Jenny Kanavaros Marc Beauty at Honey Artists.Producer: Jimi Urquiaga at Judy Casey.  Styling Assistants: Andrew Paulson, Evan Lawson and Paul Zotov.Location: Studio 11 NY. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017            Humberto Leon and Carol Lim taking a bow with Mickey and Minnie Mouse The most fun way to end fashion month? Disneyland! On Wednesday (March 7) night, the happiest place on earth hosted by the coolest kids on Earth as Opening Ceremony not only dropped their new spring 2018 collection but presented their collaboration with Disney in celebration of Mickey's 90th year anniversary. The clothes were a mix of shirting and sportswear with lightly decorated  patterns. Galactic graphics shared space with motorway and metal elements. Shoes were platformed from Buffalo while Birkenstock's shimmered and glittered. The new selection also yielded collaborations with Columbia sportswear and Aloha Blossom. Humberto Leon explained that the show was a no-brainer: "When we started working with them I threw out the idea of having a fashion show at Disneyland and everybody's eyes got big, we were nervous, excited and scared but they knew they wanted to do something really big for Mickey's 90th birthday." Annexing Toontown after dark, the crowd was a mix of influencer and indie and reflected both the giant juggernauts claim on youth culture as well as Opening Ceremony's esoteric zeitgeist-making crowd, one that had stars like Laverne Cox, Chance the Rapper, Chloe x Halle, Kilo Kish, Ryan Heffington, Robert Alfons of TR/ST Moses Sumney, Karen O all getting down to the sounds of DJ Kingdom. Written by BJ Panda Bear Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Fashion Credits: Commes des Garcons Paris:  I remembered throughout the late '90s and to mid-aughts, Paris was truly the central laboratory of fashion design and innovation where the shows were the pinnacle of influential ideas, not only about clothes but also about fashion’s impact on pop culture.  Then designers such as Claude Montana, Martin Margiela, Rei Kawakubo, and Yohji Yamamoto, set the agenda not only for their own collections but for the direction of fashion at large. The 80’s large shoulder and glam silhouettes, the tight feminine shapes, and minimalism were just a few of the game changers from these designers that still affect much of global fashion today.  Of the pentagon axis of international fashion centers, Tokyo and Paris remain the capital of creativity where designers compete on shaping fashion with their work even now in the era of fast fashion when the attention is just a momentary click to something else. Dior The damp smell of decaying leaves, scattered green moss, and a lineup of dead oak and poplar trees reaching to the heights of the glass ceiling of the dome of the Grand Palais set the scene for a spectacular range of clothes offered on the Chanel runway. Colorful print leaf coats, jackets and skirts, all paired with the ubiquitous rusty brown leather high boots, reflected the forest theme. The evening dresses were simpler and less decorative than in past seasons— sleeveless, slightly sparkly, black, lace, long hemlined dresses or a black tulle dress worn with elbow pink leather gloves. While the looks signify a more subdued collection, it surely acknowledged the changing atmosphere amidst a conflicted time and catered the collection to the range of the brand’s clientele.  In time of disruptions, a dose of calmness is surely welcome. Icons of 1968 Pictures have a History will open in mid-April at the Bibiothèque nationale de France in order to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the students’ uprising--a monumental event shaking the foundation of French social, political, and cultural structures as students took to the streets against the rigidity of French society that was associated with the upper crust elite.  Enlarged posters from the pages of Vogue May 1968 editions couples with slogans ‘Women’s rights are human rights’, ‘Miniskirts forever’, and at the entrance of the podium where the models exited from backstage, ‘I am a Woman,’ covered the entirety of the inside of the tent created inside the gardens of the Musée Rodin and framed the Dior show with a political message of engagement. However, the clothes are perhaps the most coherent collection from the designer Maria Grazia Chiuri. A sweater with the words ‘C’est Non, Non, Non et Non’ printed in capital letters was worn with black and white window pane stripes, cropped pants, or a peace sign knit sweater, and red wool plaid skirt.  The spirit of May ’68 permeated throughout the show as the designer recreated many of the vestments of the late 60’s like the crochet sweaters, the school uniforms, and patchwork designs. At the Louis Vuitton show, a circular walkway of a supposed spacecraft fills an untouched and elegant courtyard inside the Louvre museum.  Despite the mixing of old and new, the clothes reflected less of a past meets future hybrid as the last season. The models walked against the backdrop of the 19th century old stone horse ramps and spacecraft elevated runway.  Nicolas Ghesquière made the collection feel like a grand display of classical French elegance - a navy pea coat with large gold button worn with a flowing white dress, and leather heels in lieu of big trainers perfectly captured this new mood. It is reinvented for today with modern twists like a shining silk bust covering the corsets tops, paired with navy pants or white pleated silk skirt. In Nadège Vanhee-Cybulski’s Hermès collection, she opts for fifty-four looks that were much more controlled and wearable. In a series of soft leathers, a black-lacquered, grained, calfskin with waist pleats opens the show, which takes place at dusk in a school courtyard. The iconic Hermès hardware permeated throughout the clothes, imbuing the garments with the house DNA and heritage in the fine details of a metal closure. At Givenchy, the revolving placements of spotlights and black velvet curtains provided the needed atmosphere, supposedly replicating the mood of a dark and dangerous mixture. Inspired by a long ago and distant 80’s era of the divided city of Berlin, where the post-punk aesthetic ruled the underground subculture.  The clothes were ultra chic and had none of the urgency or the aesthetic ethos common to the new wave period in Berlin prior to the crumbling of the wall. I quite like the Altuzarra collection, a show that felt much more at ease than in past seasons. Girls walked around the French art deco restaurant La Coupole not far from Montparnasse wearing pinstripe suits with an interplay of front buttoning jackets paired with long skirts or pants, shearlings coats, and an orange side slit dress. Altuzarra draws inspiration from the contrast between contemporary styles and his memories of women’s fashion from the past. “This collection came out of the feeling that, on the contrary, camp is really and truly something deep and new and represents a value we need.” was the explanation beyond the usual one or two words that Rei Kawakubo gave post-show in reference to the Susan Sontag 1964 essay ‘Notes on Camp’ to describe the 16 fashion confections shown on a late Saturday afternoon.  Each look in the show was about the joy of exaggerated surfaces and artifices inherent in camp, perhaps all to counter all the darkness happening around the world. Uninhibited ideas drive fashion forward, but the models holding hands together on stage was surely a moment of celebrating creativity and the joy of fashion. Rick Owens “Bauble, bangles, hear how they jing … someday he may buy you a ring.” The surprise Peggy Lee song "Baubles, Bangles and Beads" plays repeatedly in different versions, including a Liza Minnelli number, as the models— wearing wool fabrics, bubble wrap strapless dresses, dark brown strapless dresses with three large protruding lumps— hang in the front at the Rick Owens show. Owens’ suggestions are not those of the traditional sexy and glam outfits but a more nuanced notion that sexiness isn’t defined by clothing that exposes the body.  In the 18th and 19th-century women fashion was very rigid and wrapped up in corsetry and huge crinolines and giant dresses.   “Metamorphosis: the magical transformation of femininity,” was what Sarah Burton called her magnificent show, where the clothes embraced the extreme nature of beauty. Butterflies and moths came into being from larvae in a process of natural hybridization as the morphing of one creature into another or here on the runway. The clothes evolved from the McQueen heritage silhouette of a strong shoulder, nip waist and exaggerated hips alongside the shine of the armored shell of the scarab beetle as expressed in the long evening gown of dark violet to light purple fringes.   In a similar manner at Maison Margiela, John Galliano deconstructed and recombined diverse materials in his continued meditation on the notion of “dressing in a hurry.” He combines whatever one finds into a look to get out of the house—like a jacket worn under a sleeveless sweater.  Giant black and blue bubble coats in technical reflective fabrics and white big hooded vests provide a sporty and understated glamour alongside a camel coat with the rib cage remains cut out of a black leather jacket. Olivier Rousteing at Balmain and Jun Takahashi at Undercover can’t be more different in aesthetic. Although they occupy opposite poles of the fashion map, they share something in common – a singular pursuit of their specific vision with little compromise. The choice of the opulent and traditional grand salon at the Hôtel de Ville contrasts dramatically with  the silver, hyper glam, crystal mesh, holographic organza and shimmering sequins. Jun Takahashi’s Undercover show offered a fully digested meditation on youth obsession. Stranger Things actress, Sadie Sink, opened the show in a red hooded workout suit and red sparkling wool cap. The 2012 movie ‘The Perks of Being a Wallflower’ was voiced-over a finale of colorful nylon hooded coats with school emblems, sport numbering, and yellow/ blue rubber galoshes with ‘We Are Infinity’ printed in white letters.  In between is a respectful dose of tracksuits, flight jackets, varsity jackets, running shorts, raincoats, ripped jeans, and a few trenches and sweatshirts that looked more like sculpture than clothes. The beauty of this show lies in its natural approach as Takahashi did little to appropriate youth fashion. This show is what so many luxury brands have been trying so hard to do the past few years – getting street credibility by coopting streetwear.   Mounted in a television studio on the outskirts of Paris,  the designer Demna Gvasalia deployed a single aesthetic for Balenciaga. Using 3D scanning of fitting bodies and then printing the molds, Gvasalia employed traditional fabrics such as wool and silk but bonded them with foam to harden them into new forms. The future of fashion is the embrace of technology instead of the old age couture methodology.  Balenciaga made a donation and a 10% of the sale of WFP logo tees and hoodies to relief hunger. The coats-on-coats-on-coats piling will surely reverberate and preserve the brand’s acquired street cred. At the end of the Thom Browne show, four men in light grey suits and black furry dog masks were guided on a leash by a mistress dressed in an embroidered, grey, organza dress. After posing, the guys removed her gown to reveal her in the same suit. Valentino In between these two axis, a few young designers such as Christelle Kocher at Koché, Glenn Martens at Y/Project, Antonin Tron at Atlein, Marine Serre are still refining their own aesthetics.  They are the names to watch as the next generation of fashion leaders in Paris. Noir Kei Ninomiya, one of the new names showing in Paris this season, had a great start in his first show. While his mostly sculptural clothes sometimes veered towards costumes, the designer needs to find a way to balance commercial derivatives to foster a business anchor to his creativity.    At the end of the eight full days, there weren’t any monumental and earth shifting ideas that will alter the course of fashion but just small steps forward stemming from very specific visions and personal agendas. Written by Long Nguyen Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    SAKS POTT coat and stylist’s own gloves.  JOHN GALLIANO coat, DORATEYMUR shoes, and POLOGEORGIS stole.  Left to right: FENDI coat, MARQUES ALMEIDA pants, and BALENCIAGA shoes.  MARQUES ALMEIDA skirt, EDUN shoes, and POLOGEORGIS stole.  SAKS POTT coat.  BALENCIAGA dress, tights, shoes, stole, bag, and earrings.  MARQUES ALMEIDA shirt, EDUN pants, and MNZ shoes. As the temperature drops below 70 degrees in LA, the nights become a “cold weather” fashion fantasy. Photographer Shane McCauley and stylist Alexandra Cronan show how to create some of LA-winter’s best looks. Images by Shane McCauleyStyled by Alexandra CronanModel: IsobelMake Up: Sophia HaigHair: Kelly Peach Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017               If there's one brand that can cause a traffic jam and lines to snake around the block in the midst of an unusual cold spell in Los Angeles on a Wednesday, it's Chanel. To toast the launch of @welovcoco and their pop-up Beauty House in West Hollywood, they threw a lively fun fete. Many of Hollywood's influencers gathered at the Chanel Beauty House to honor the brand and products and play in all the interactive installations. A surprise performance by Tove Lo had everyone dancing. Cindy Crawford, Chloe x Halle, Dr. Woo, Sharon Stone, Kristen Stewert, and many more came out. And to remind you all again, the Beauty House will be open to the public, with access to the beauty event through March 4, 2018. Reserve your spot here:   WHEN:  11:00am to 7:00pmWHERE: Chanel Beauty House, 9169 Sunset Boulevard, Los Angeles, California         Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Burberry has named Riccardo Tisci their new chief creative officer. The former Givenchy golden boy has just become responsible for all the British brand's mens and womenswear collections, along with accessories. Tisci was the creative director at France's Givenchy from 2005 to 2017, helping make the brand the success it is today. Burberry is looking for a turnaround and with Tisci's creative direction, what he does with their iconic plaid ways is eagerly anticipated.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   They say with the right shade of lipstick, you can conquer the world. It's time to put your money where your mouth is and find out. Chanel will be hosting a colorful four-day celebration from March 1st to 4th, in honor of their new Instagram page @WeLoveCoco. The page pays homage to users whose beauty routine is Chanel-centric. The free interactive event will pay homage to a similar selection of aficionados.  Fans can join the Chanel team at the iconic CHANEL Beauty House on Sunset, to explore their assortment of hues. With the help of on-site makeup artists and computer color-stations, attendees can sample any tone (literally or digitally) that fits their fancy, and buy the ones that do the trick. Guests can also explore the luxurious color-themed rooms and cabanas, complete with fluffy neon beds you can chill on and bath tubs filled with pearls that you can relax in. There’s even an arts and crafts station for all the Pinterest lovers out there. Rebellious visitors may even choose to color outside the lines on the bathroom mirrors. Miss Coco Chanel might have been biased to a particular bold shade of rebellious red, but nonetheless all colours will certainly be celebrated at this bash. Gather your gal pal and reserve your spot at chanelbeautyhouse.eventbrite.com to get a chance to unleash your creative whimsies and score some sweet selfies! Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Tom Ford Less than three miles separates the Park Avenue Armory in Manhattan’s upper east side to Sir Stage on the far west side near 10th Avenue next to the Clyde Frazier Sports Bar and Restaurant.  Despite this short distance, the Tom Ford show at the Armory and Raf Simons show on 10th Avenue that closed the men’s fall/winter 2018 portion of New York fashion week presented the great aesthetic divide that was on the whole a message from many of the designers during the three days events around the city – a divide between sartorial fineness and "streetwear" and a generational shift in terms of what constitute designer fashion now.  Tom Ford isn’t someone likely to engage in a small project.  The debut menswear show for his brand now near a decade old had all the trademark elements that the designer has cultivated over the years – high voltage sex appeal and sophistication.  On the lilac carpet runway, the models strode confidently and displayed a certain attitude and an air of suave carelessness as they wore perfectly cut pants, mink jackets, shiny zebra prints and light pink suits. With the brand’s bread and butter of tailored suits, Ford focused on luxury sports wear—which meant a bubble coat with patent leather blouson, silver hooded anorak, black shearling coat with zipped sweatshirt paired with the perfectly cut cigarette pants. In recent years, designer and luxury brands have become less relevant to the younger generation.  To reverse this reality, luxury brands adopted strategies to make their brands resonate in today’s digital world with showing products associated with street wear brands like logo tees, sweatshirts, and tracksuits. What was distinctive about these sporty looks in this show was that none have any of the quick references to street wear; instead the anoraks and puff coats looked exactly how an anorak should be from Tom Ford brand.  Maintaining a precision of vision and a consistent aesthetic over time isn’t a simple task and particularly so in fashion like the all pink suit that was calibrated to look just right. Tom Ford didn’t need any accouterments to foster a narrative surrounding the clothes – they are clearly for the smart and the young. There was also a sense of sophistication that more mature man who all can afford these true luxury garments without a second thought. The designer clearly knows his audience with no pretense are necessary.  On the other side of town, the audience who entered the Raf Simons show encountered a set of raised black wooden platforms trimmed with wines bottles and various confections.  Loud techno music blasted as models meandered around the zigzag pattern of the platform in a seemingly aimless manner wearing a new silhouette of colorful boxy coats and jackets with tight fitted slim or cargo pants in satin some with photo prints and other with letterings like LSD, GHB or DRUGS on yellow sleeveless sweatshirt and on back of pants and tee-shirts. The scenic décor mimicked atmosphere from the 1981 German cult film ‘Christiane F.’ by Uli Edel that portrayed the drug scene in Berlin in the late 1970’s based on the actual tape recordings of the 14 years old Christiane Felscherinow who experimented with drugs when she joined a clique at the Sound disco and descended into debauchery. Images from the film of the actors Natja Brunckhorst who played Christiane and Thomas Haustein her boyfriend Detlef graced the back of jackets or on the knees of a black cargo pants paired with a long red wool large pockets coat, orange turtleneck, black and white vinyl gloves with cell phone wrist attachment and lace up patent leather boots, one among the many stellar looks in the show. I remembered seeing the ‘Kinetic Youth’ show nearly two decades ago on a July evening in Paris on the Cité des Sciences et des Industries where Simons brought the idea of couture clothes and suiting to a younger generation.  The lean top and flare bottoms silhouette from 1999 had now reversed and turned upside down in 2018.  This fall show was an incredible poetic and visionary use of clothes to stage a cultural discourse on youth and the current problems engulfing many parts of the country. Also, the audience saw themes of income inequality through the fascinating merger of material excess--like the use of extravagant couture fabric of satin duchesse for such a utilitarian garment as a cargo pants. It can be seen as the decline of the American dream among some while wealth accumulates on the other side seen through the eyes of a foreign fashion designer recently decamp to New York. Dress codes barriers have collapsed in the early aught as casual Fridays took hold first as employers relaxed office wear and the trend spread further as neckties and dress shoes lost their appeals for millennial.  At the New York shows, casual dressing and streetwear dominated but a more formal approach is still a viable option albeit a less visible one.  Among the best collections were Willy Chavarria who launched his label in 2015 and this season he toned his street wear vibes into a compelling collection that focused more on daywear of layered coats and chinos worn by a range of models. An hour after Chavarria show, the Japanese brand N.Hollywood staged a construction site setting completed with a finale with real construction workers casted at various sites around the city who stood in a still-life format wearing Daisuke Obana’s new and compelling offering of Timberland Pro workwear, a collaboration with Timberland to be rolled out globally in the next months. But while the construction set enhanced N.Hollywood clothes giving the clothes context and meaning, it was not the case at Death to Tennis where the designers William Watson and Vincent Oshin staged an overdone war themed show completed with two male nurses and imaginarily wounded. While the clothes had a more sophistication with floral jacquards on jacket and pants on loose silhouettes of wearable clothes, the heavy handed theatrical trick did not add or endowed the collection with any added value.  At the Brooklyn based designer Ryohei Kawanishi’s Landlord label show, a model shaved his multicolor dyed light brown hair as he raced down the runway wearing mustard loose jacket and red plaid shirt in a show that displayed replica garments and styles associated with punk but making them more street and more now – red plaid pants, angora sweater, spiked leather jackets and a sleuth of acid colors corduroy jackets and pants. Abasi Rosborough embraced a more formal look with kimono white side tide jacket and long coats and a linear silhouette followed with color block jackets. Christopher Bevans went further this season to infuse his brand Dyne with technical fabrics for an overall active sportswear with an emphasis on performance like a red vest worn over black pants.  There were great outerwear coats and utility jacket among them the puffer coats collaboration with the Italian animal friendly brand Save the Duck with synthetic downs as well as strong color block tracksuits that can double up as clothes for work.  This was not the case at Joseph Abboud where the over layering of garments, the hand in the pocket business walk of the models, and the overdone wet coiffed and perfect skin tone lent a stiffness that stifle the nice clothes underneath.  Case in point – the matching flannel outer-jacket, a double-breasted vest, pleated pants, and leather gloves are fine garments. However, in this show, the over styling, grooming, and posture of this look felt heavy handed. Willy Chavarria And at the end of the three days race course at the start of a new fashion season when the stock market is free falling, if fashion can serve a purpose beyond clothes, a means to something else per say, then it is the image of optimism conveyed by the last model at Willy Chavarria show holding in his hands a newborn baby.    Written by Long Nguyen Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017             After the huge success of their first collaboration, Bephie, a non-traditional streetwear brand by Elizabeth Birkett Gibbs partnered up with genderless fashion brand, No Sesso, to create another capsule collection in celebration of February's Black History Month. The launch kicked off with a presentation and party at The Underground Museum, here in Los Angeles.  The collection draws inspiration from communities around Black churches, Black hair, and the many sociopolitical conversations that exist within these communities. Bephie, who is equally invested in redefining how women of color and part of the LGBTQ community are represented in fashion, also wanted to express that in this project.   Attendees wore bright multi-layered outfits, which reflected the bold colors and patterns the line has to offer. The event was filled with familiar faces like guests Mark Ronson, Jesse Williams, Kelsey Lu, and Arthur Jafa. The capsule pieces will be sold exclusively at Union Los Angeles.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On Thursday night (Feb. 22), Adidas and streewear shop Union hosted a pop-up shop in downtown Los Angeles, celebrating the upcoming release of Adi's latest capsule collab' with Japanese streetwear label NEIGHBORHOOD. Founder of the brand known for its monochromatic ways, Shinsuke Takizawa, chatted with Flaunt for a bit ahead of the event. Before praying to app and web gods in hopes of maybe adding a pair of his Adidas NMD or I-5923 sneakers and the coveted jackets, give this short Q&A a read, where Takizawa talks about his run-in with a sneakerhead in an L.A. Home Depot, why he loves black, and more. Flaunt: You use black and white exclusively? How do you portray the “energy” your brand is about by just using those two colors? Takizawa: The black color is what I like the best. There are colors like--red, green, purple. But black can express an energy of powerfulness. What does black mean to you, energy and tone-wise? With black, it’s the mix of texture, design… That’s what maximizes black’s greatness. That’s why I always use good textiles, materials, or designs. The look of the blackness, that’s what I’m putting the importance in. Some artists see earning money as victory; Others like when art connects and spreads to the people. What’s your art objective?  Japan is a very small island. I’ve already shown my product there, but I want to show my product to other countries of the world. There are other countries that I’ve never been, so I want to show my products to other countries that don’t know my brand. That’s my objective. What’s your opinion on Los Angeles style in comparison to Japan, New York, and other places you’ve been? New York and Los Angeles are very different. Los Angeles is more open-minded and free and there are good vibes. That’s the big difference for Los Angeles. Yesterday I landed in LA, and went to Home Depot and one guy from the staff came to me and looked at my shoes, and he said, “This shoe’s going to come out this week, isn’t it?” and he was really friendly. Los Angeles is close to sneaker culture. Very open-minded and friendly. written by Brad Wete Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017            Fashion Credits, left to right: On Casey - PRADA shirt and FENDI shorts. Models’ own shorts. In the second half of 2016, Casey Spooner— one part of the influential “electroclash” music duo Fischerspooner, along with producer Warren Fischer—found himself on the edge of a “nervous breakdown.” The man that lit up dancehalls in the early aughts with irresistible hits and championed queer culture during the days of DOMA had fallen on hard times. “I had a major relationship fall apart; I had a financial crisis because I had put all my time, energy, and money into a record that wasn’t coming out,” he tells me over the phone from Paris, where he’s lived since December. “Then my building [in New York City] was sold and I got evicted. I was basically homeless and destitute and brokenhearted and a complete mess.” CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC; Printed artwork: Andy Warhol, Tunafish Disaster, 1963 © The Andy Warhol Foundation tank top, pants, shoes, and pom pom. The album that encapsulates this tumultuous period, SIR, is due out next month, and it’s an act of protective witnessing set to spiky, frequently propulsive electronic beats. By providing unflinching reports from the front lines of his post-breakup love-life—the agony and the ecstasy and the broken dreams and glorious dancefloor hook-ups, sometimes all within the same song— Spooner can potentially cushion the blow for listeners who are going through similar things. “I want to help queer people,” the 46-year-old singer says. “I’m realizing I have a responsibility to a younger generation to try to share my experiences and help them grow.” SIR is the work of a radically different musician than the one who released Entertainment nine years ago.When Spooner’s long-term relationship crumbled, he was suddenly single for the first time in 14 years. “I immersed myself in contemporary queer culture in ways that I never really did in the past,” he says. “A lot of people thought I was having a mid-life crisis because I’m way too old, I’m going to circuit parties, working out and being very promiscuous.” Left to right: HANRO briefs. Model’s own shorts. PRADA top, ZIMMERLI briefs, and talent’s own sunglasses. These experiences infiltrated his music, prompting him to compose songs with the aim of “trying to emotionalize queer sexuality.” “I think there’s a real issue in gay culture where sexuality, in a lot of ways, is void of emotion,” he says. Although Spooner started writing SIR on January 4th, 2013, the seeds of the album were actually planted decades ago, when Spooner, then a student at the University of Georgia, met Michael Stipe, the lead singer in the lauded indie rock band R.E.M., and the two hooked up. GUCCI shirt and HANRO briefs. “He had a huge impact on me in terms of my sexuality and my identity as an artist,” Spooner says. Years later, Spooner invited Stipe to co-write what he imagined would be SIR’s final song. But Stipe, after hearing other parts of the album, kept offering constructive criticism. Impressed with his input, Spooner and Fischer decided to ask Stipe to produce their record; the former R.E.M. singer eventually agreed to take the gig on the condition that he would have final veto power. He promptly discarded half of the songs Spooner had assumed were done, and Spooner started rewriting—and writing anew—with Stipe and Andy LeMaster, who has credits on albums by Bright Eyes and the Drive-By Truckers, among others. (Other writers on SIR include Caroline Polachek, formerly of Chairlift, and Boots, best known for his work with Beyoncé.) “What I wrote in the spring of 2014 was really a classic Fisherspooner record,” Spooner says. “When Michael stepped in and we rewrote the entire record, he pushed us in a completely new direction. A lot of the songs that I wrote before he got involved didn’t quite have the emotional facet,” Spooner continues. “Michael really pushed me to find that.” Left to right: ADIDAS ORIGINALS BY ALEXANDER WANG jacket and model’s own briefs. NIHL shirt and DSQUARED2 shorts. Model’s own clothing. The result is songs like album opener “Stranger Strange,” about an app-assisted romantic encounter in Madrid. “We had this surprising sexual experience where [the man who picked me up] whipped me,” Spooner explains. “It wasn’t anything I had ever done, and it wasn’t anything I asked for, but it triggered a lot of feelings because my father used to whip me when I was young. This stranger triggered all these feelings of comfort and paternal security through sex and violence.” The two men struck up an affair, but when it ended, Spooner found himself “unbelievably distraught.” Left to right: Model’s own shirt. HELMUT LANG tank top. ZIMMERLI tank top. “I had been in an open relationship for years, so in the past I would always have these beautiful affairs and then return home to my unofficial husband,” he says. “This time, when it came time to leave, I was going home to nothing, no one, nowhere. I had a very intense emotional collapse.” He cried all the way across the Atlantic on a flight from Madrid to Atlanta, drove to Stipe’s studio, and—despite jet lag and emotional depletion—ended up writing part of “Stranger Strange” the night he landed. GUCCI shorts, FALKE socks, CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC boots, and HELMUT LANG SEEN BY SHAYNE OLIVER fanny pack. The song from SIR that first perked Stipe’s ears was “Oh Rio,” about a photography book by Bruce Weber—“guys on the beach in bathing suits in Brazil”—which Spooner would pick up at the mall to “get excited and confused” when he was a teen growing up in South Carolina. He credits the volume with “crystallizing Rio as a fantasy landscape for my sexuality,” and in “Oh Rio,” he finally gets to the town he had imagined for so long. But reality makes a mess of things—he’s nursing a nasty cold and out of shape after spending winter indoors in New York. “This crazy hot Brazilian guy tried to pick me up and I had an existential crisis,” Spooner recalls. “Oh Rio” lays out this scenario in unsparing detail, and ends with a magnificently bleak flourish: “I don’t know if I’ll survive / Sometimes dreams have to die.” Left to right: SPEEDO briefs. ZIMMERLI briefs. SPEEDO briefs. Models: Frederico Barros Mawad, Guilherme Cardoso e Silva Hetch, Israel Wolff, Leonardo de Simone e Vitor Brigo. But this is not a despairing album, only one that’s unafraid to bear witness to both the sexy paradise and the other side of the coin: “I was on the beach drinking cough syrup in a speedo, pale, fat and old,” Spooner remembers. He hopes some of these songs will lead to “openly, honestly talking about a queer sexuality and a queer identity.” He adds, “I’m just trying to help everyone be a whole person.” Written by Elias LeightPhotographed by Gil InoueStyled by Steven La Fuente at One ManagementMODELS: Frederico Barros Mawad, Guilherme Cardoso e Silva Hetch, Isreal Wolff, and Leonardo de Simone e Vitor Brigo Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Leave it to Gucci to bust down the doors at Milan Fashion Week in what is being said to be their most bizarre show yet. In a runway setting designed to look like a surgical ward, models walk with a third eye, faun horns, and double heads. And if that's not bizarre, they don't just strut down the catwalk in this fall's 2018 ready-to-wear ensemble, they strut with eerily detailed replicas of their own heads.  Gucci's fashion designer, Alessandro Michele, focuses on the concept of identity, culture, gender, and transformation which is referenced in Donna Haraway's, "A Cyborg Manifesto." The post-human theory-themed manifesto was the main inspiration for Michele's collection. The essay highlights the criticism on the traditional constructs of feminism, it's identity, boundaries, and traditional conformities. Gucci's collection, titled "Cyborg," reflects and questions those boundaries. We are neither one thing nor the other, human and animal or human and machine. Models carrying their replicated heads are to represent transformation, to enable others of what we are and who we want to become. "We are the Doctor Frankenstein," Michele stated in The Guardian. Frankenstein, ergo the surgical ward, "Identity, though, is neither a natural matter nor a preset category, which can be imposed with violence," Gucci announces in its press release. "It’s not an immutable and fixed fact, rather a social and cultural construction and, as such, it’s a matter of choice, joining, invention. Identity, thus, is a never-ending process, keen on new determinations each time." If carrying someone's head doesn't turn yours, other totems follow with models carrying reptiles like the chameleon, the snake, and--yes--even a sleeping, baby dragon. The fantastical touch was inspired by "Legend of the Baby Dragon in the Jar," the "real story of an author who staged finding a baby dragon in his garage in Oxford, England," the title posted via Gucci's Instagram.  The collection is a conversation on the present "post-human" world we live in. It makes the audience recognize culture and change, which aligns serendipitously with the #MeToo movement and the clusterfuck controversy of our country's culture under current fire. This goes beyond a statement tee and superficial basic thrills. It's an active voice stemming away from the epitome of sex-appeal and commercial femininity. It leaves room for argument, debate, and conversation. Did we expect anything less? No. I didn't think so.  Written by Leslie GonzalezImages c/o Gucci Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Daughter to a software engineer and artist, Jessica Clements' love for fashion and dance began early on. The Ayer, Massachusetts native trained to be a professional ballet dance, but after experiencing an injury, she reinvented herself and turned to theater and acting. Jessica landed a role in Grown Ups 2 and thought to move to New York, naturally finding herself in the modeling world.  Upon moving to NYC, Jessica decided that she would document her adventures and started a YouTube channel to connect with people. Two years and 650K subscribers later, Jessica has made a name for herself in the social media space as well as model who has worked for clients such as Ralph Lauren, Chanel, American Eagle, Sephora, and GAP among others. Below, she walks us through her NYFW experiences and we interview her about the time as well.  What was the highlight of this Fashion Week for you? I’d have to say the highlight of my fashion week was that this was the first season I was able to be immersed in the world and actually get to meet a lot of the people behind the collections. I am an observer at heart and I love being able to soak in as much knowledge as I can from some of the most iconic names in fashion. I felt like I stepped into another era for a couple of hours here. This was easily one of the prettiest backdrops during NYFW for me. What are your favorite new trends? I loved how brands like Chloe and Zimmerman have been updating the classic feminine silhouette. We’d asked our Uber driver to wait while we took this picture in Soho. He was a champl, but we somehow ended up holding up traffic down the block in the 30 seconds it took to take this. We were en route to a Maybelline event. What was the favorite outfit you wore? A dress I’d been wearing broke while I was walking out of the door, so I instead threw on a Janis Joplin tee with a patent leather skirt and red booties. Oddly enough, that was my favorite thing I’d put together all week. A little afternoon delight at Laudree for the Launch of L’Officiel USA’s magazine. I’m a sucker for sweets. How to you get ready for Fashion Week? I always try to get as much sleep as possible before fashion week season because that’s the one thing you know you can’t get during the show season. How do you take care of your skin and hair? I’m a bit obsessed with beauty and actually have a huge regimen of products that I talk about frequently on my YouTube channel. Take a peek if you get a sec! I try to update it and share what products have worked for me there. Feeling a sense of achievement after running from event to event that night. I’d just arrived at my third event of the night for Jeremy Scott x MAC Cosmetics.  How do you stay in shape on the go? A jump rope is your best friend! It’s fun to use and easy to pack on the go. What shoes do you wear to run around in between castings, fittings, shows? I have a pair of low-booties that are comfortable and look amazing with everything, but I won’t lie and say that I didn’t wear sneakers some days as well! A quiet moment between admiring shoes at the Stuart Weitzman cocktail event. What is your favorite thing about Fashion Week? I love running into old friends and making new friends in the in between hours that are spent between the excitement of NYFW. Interview by Linda Nyvltova Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Alla is a model, writer and TV host on Ukraine’s Next Top Model's third season. Discovered in 2009, she got her start working for designer Alexander McQueen who handpicked the Ukrainian beauty to open his show and later calling her his muse for years to come. Alla has a tremendous portfolio of work which includes Givenchy, Balmain, Dior, Calvin Klein, Alexander Wang and more. Here, we get an inside look at what her NYFW was like last week.  Was honored to be invited to the Philpp Plein private dinner at his house. It was very interesting to see how his style in clothes was reflected in interior design of the house. Vivid flower bouquets and Cristal chandeliers took my heart. So happy for my friend Sasha Pivovarova and her collaboration with Dior. Enjoyed every piece of her art work at presentation during fashion week Enjoyed front row view at Greedilous – probably my fav Korean designer I was so packed at Blonds that i took stair case to avoid lines to elevator - came out quite and editorial picture. Wearing Blonds dress. Having shoes struggle situation getting ready for my front row. Red can come in many different variations. Was late for the show, there was no taxi – tried to take luggage cart to get there faster Felt absolutely beautiful at The Row show. As always very dramatic and gourgeus look. In love with their quality of work. From lady like to dope rap party V files turned fashion show in to amazing concert. Celebrated launch of L'Officiel USA by eating macaroons and smelling roses in Ladure Soho (ph Olya Yavtushenko) Got caught by street style photographers rushing to my next show (ph Olya Yavtushenko) Could not say no to Boss french fries and vegan burgers – the know how to make fashion people happy – good food along with beautiful show! Closed Naeem Khan fashion show, wearing gorgeous green shadows. Love green color on my eyes recently. Enjoyed snow flakes, dancing robots and space ship from the front row of Philipp Plein show Supported designer Bevza from my country Ukraine by opening her show. written by Linda Nyvltova Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Based in both London and New York, illustrator Angelica Hicks is taking social media by storm with her witty visual puns. Her career began when she started posting on Instagram. She has collaborated with Gucci, Vogue and Net-a-Porter, and been featured in the New York Times, Harper's Bazaar US, and Vogue UK, to name a few. And here, she takes us through her NYFW.  Bumped into sweet friend Logan Horne at Tory Burch’s garden party. My favorite look from my favorite new designer Prisca Vera.  My friend Stacey’s presentations for Alice and Olivia are always the most fun And it was so nice to catch up with super DJ Mia Moretti, who I’d actually run into the night before at a Re/Done x Levi’s dinner.    Batsheva blending into her own designs at her dress party! Self-reflection before Anna Sui, wearing Anna Sui Fitting in at the Jill Stuart presentation wearing my grandmother’s old bow. The presentation card featured a beautiful--and insanely accurate!--portrait of Jill’s daughter by Langley Fox.  Nail trail is the new snail trail at Libertine. the show was too fun to take any decent pictures, but the models all danced during the finale. It was so happy and cool.  written by Linda Nyvltova Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                         Under a twinkly sky last night, we toasted Nike's new female-powered collection, The 1 Reimagined, with an all-women dinner event atop the roof of the Revolve Social Club on Melrose.  As part of Nike's blanketing the City of Angels with activity over NBA All-Star Weekend, the 1 Reimagined collection is on view Friday through Sunday, where visitors can also relive the glory days of NBA Jam on arcade. Is it the shoes? It is. There were some tear-tugging speeches, Chef Natalia Pereira of Woodspoon kept the knives on their toes, Caiti Hawkins dropped some jaws with her flower designs sat near artist Courtney Heiser's watercolor portraiture of attendees, Bianca Lexis and Ioanna Gika of IO Echo did the Seratos justice, and cocktails by Maestro Dobel Tequila and wine by Scribe kept us toasty despite the crispy eve. Saving the best for the last, the diverse dinner attendees—a mix of screenwriters, models, Nike designers, a DJ or two and other various curators of cool—were some of LA's finest. Read about the 1 Reimagined here, from The Witness Protection Issue. Photos by Bianca Vazquez and Araya Diaz/Wire Image Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   This year Fendi celebrates the first anniversary of their F is For... content-sharing digital platform for millennials (and made by millennials). For their big birthday, they're bringing together six young street artists from all over the world to create the "6-Hands Artwork" where each artist's piece connects to the other's, aiming to unite cultures and ideals--two things known to separate mankind. The artists are Gary (English), Roes (Chinese), Casper (Japanese), Jodae (Korean) and Cave (Iranian), collaborating for celebrate differences. Entitled The Ring of The Future, the work lives on the rooftop of Palazzo della Civilta Italiana at Fendi's HQ in Rome.  There will also be a genderless t-shirt available to purchase with the artwork. We interviewed the talents--Roes, Cave, Gary Stranger, Casper, and Jodae. Give the brief chats a read below: What does The Ring of The Future project represent to you? I think the most important meaning of this project to me is to exhibit my country's language calligraphy to the world. What about collaborating with all these artists from different countries and cultures? It was a wonderful experience to work with my fellow artists on this project.  Throughout the process I gained valuable experience through sharing our different lifestyle and techniques in curating art. What do you wish for yourself in the future? I wish to get more people to see my work. I hope I can travel to new places and incorporate different culture into my work. I loved this experience with F IS FOR… because it has been an enriching opportunity to me. F IS FOR… F is for… future and future to me is very optimistic, there is hope for sure. What does The Ring of The Future project represent to you? Working at The Ring of The Future project for F IS FOR… it has been an inspiring opportunity to think about my life and my work as an artist. I wrote in Hangeul (Korean language word) writing the word "future". I have always thought about the future, what is to happen next and about my life as an artist. I have always done works based on these thoughts and The Ring of The Future project theme fits very well to me. What about collaborating with all these artists from all over the world? Graffiti is an art done together with people. Here in Rome I have had the opportunity of working with different artists from around the world under the same theme and spent time together and got to think that Graffiti is "one," we are moving forward together with the same thoughts in creating our artwork.  This is why I like the project very much. What is the best part of working at this F IS FOR… project? It was an awakening moment to see many artists working with passion and enthusiasm. I looked back on myself and felt I need to put greater effort and escalate going forward in my life. Tell us more about your way of painting. Why it is so special? I used to work mainly with spray, but now I use oriental paintbrush.  I want to show the power of painting with Korean traditional contents as in "Shamanism."  I hope my paintings can reach out and touch more people. What does The Ring of The Future project represent to you? It’s a great project, very unique. I’m honored to be invited to this opportunity. I feel really happy. What about collaborating with all these artists from all over the world? I think it’s amazing working with artists who wrote in different languages like Japanese, Arabic, Korean, Chinese, English, Hebrew. How do you envision the future? The future will be very bright. I want the world to be filled with lots of children. In the future, there may be no nationalities. Well, there may be nationalities, but language hurdles may disappear. I’m grateful to F IS FOR… and FENDI for giving me this great opportunity. What does The Ring of The Future project represent to you? This project is a great opportunity to me to understand how diverse graffiti artists are. There are people from every corner of the world here working together on the same rooftop, without any crossword yet committed 100% to the project because of our mutual passion. It is an enriching exercise of unity! What do you think of the space location? This is a very important building and being here working at this amazing project is very valuable to me. What do you wish to yourself for the future? I wish I can live easy life, by enjoying simple things and helping and supporting my family. F IS FOR… F IS FOR… future and forgiveness, because the real happiness comes through letting things go. Graffiti art is a tool for sharing messages. Which is your message to the future generations? I’m used to refine my art to let it be more and more simple. So, my message to the future generations is: less is more. Do not complicate things to achieve your goals, yet enjoy life.   What does The Ring of The Future project represent to you? This project is a great opportunity to me to understand how diverse graffiti artists are. There are people from every corner of the world here working together on the same rooftop, without any crossword yet committed 100% to the project because of our mutual passion. It is an enriching exercise of unity! What do you think of the space location? This is a very important building and being here working at this amazing project is very valuable to me. What do you wish to yourself for the future? I wish I can live easy life, by enjoying simple things and helping and supporting my family. F IS FOR… F IS FOR… future and forgiveness, because the real happiness comes through letting things go. Graffiti art is a tool for sharing messages. Which is your message to the future generations? I’m used to refine my art to let it be more and more simple. So, my message to the future generations is: less is more. Do not complicate things to achieve your goals, yet enjoy life. What does The Ring of The Future project represent to you? This project represents unity to me. It embodies the power of sharing. What’s the best thing of being part of this project and collaborate with all these artists? I love the idea of doing something together with all these artists, coming here in Rome on the FENDI rooftop, working at the same thing, having the same aim and especially being friends no matter what color we are or background we are from. This is the most important part of the project to me. What do you think of the space location? I think this space is perfect to celebrate the fact we are all here together. It’s a very tall building and the only thing above us it is the sky. This is definitely good. F IS FOR… F IS FOR… future and future is bright. It’s bright because the more we understand that we need to be together as a whole world, not just acting as different countries, but thinking as one and sharing the love, the more we can work for having a better world for us. images c/o Fendi   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Flaunt's on the scene in Manhattan for New York Fashion Week, where both Men's and Women's brands are showcasing their Fall-Winter 2018 looks. Photographers Marsha Lebedev Bernstein, Kayee Kiu and Whitney Hayes are snapping for us. Take a look at the latest from Zadig and Voltaire, Adam Selman, Hugo Boss, and more. photos by Kayee Kiu photos by Kayee Kiu photos by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein photos by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein photos by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein photos by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein photos by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein photos by Whitney Hayes photos by Whitney Hayes photos by Whitney Hayes photos by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein photos by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein photos by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein photos by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein photos by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein photos by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein photos by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein photos by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                      Sophisticated and mature is what can be described of BOSS’ Fall/Winter 2018 collection. The designs were revealed for New York Fashion Week this evening on February 7, 2018, presenting a collection that is cleanly tailored with a sporty influence. The brand plays with athleisure, incorporating oversized knit sweaters and sports jackets, accompanied by tailored pants. The minimalistic and bold collection can be seen on the brand’s Instagram channel for an exclusive glimpse. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Maurice Marciano | photos by Ian Morrison | Fashion credits: ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA COUTURE coat and JOSETTE & BERNARD hat. Maurice Marciano is like a kid in a candy store—if the candy was made from the world’s most exciting and acclaimed contemporary art. And if he and his brother owned the store. And if the store was a landmark Masonic temple renovated by visionary architect Kulapat Yantrasast to begin a new life as an anything-goes safe space for artistic experimentation. The Marciano Art Foundation’s doors have been open for a year now, after four years of construction—rather longer than he and his brother Paul anticipated when they made their move. “At times it was so frustrating,” says Maurice, “but it has all been so worth it!”  The Guess founders have been collecting contemporary art at a major international scale for years, regularly lending to institutions and serving on museum boards. So great was their impulse to show their expansive collection (and their need for the space to do so) that their offices and even their sprawling HQ compound in DTLA were bursting with treasures. They decided to open their own—well, not a gallery certainly, but not quite a museum either. It’s something much more innovative, and much more important. “We refuse to call it a museum,” insists Maurice. “It’s a foundation. It’s what we see, and what we love.” About five or six years ago, Maurice, like everyone else, drove by this ornate, regal, mysterious building on Wilshire Blvd (a 1961 Millard Sheets designed Masonic Temple) and fantasized about what might be inside, and what someone could do with it. One day the artist Alex Israel somehow made the connection, and the rest is becoming history before our eyes. “I’m so happy about the transformation,” Maurice says. “Tearing it down would have been a shame. We didn’t touch anything on the outside and we preserved as much inside as we possibly could. Just the building itself is a work of art!”  That it is, with exquisite tile mosaics inside and out, statuary, stained glass, and myriad architectural details that warrant preservation and spotlighting. But now it is also home to several exhibition spaces, each with its own unique character. A wide and bright series of large white- cube galleries, a marbled lobby, a smaller scale project space, and a vast and truly temple-like theatrical hall, complete with catwalk and lighting rigs. Starting on March 1, all of these spaces will house their share of a new slate of exhibitions. Artists Albert Oehlen and Peppi Bottrop will show collaborative mixed media works in the Lounge Gallery, Olafur Eliasson in the lobby and theater, along with what will be the third rotation of the permanent collection—only about ten percent of which can be seen in the galleries at one time. Maurice has a giant storyboard of the whole collection in his office, with every piece in miniature on one huge wall, like the world’s fanciest flowchart.  Maurice is sitting in this office now, and the morning light is filtering through one of the building’s famous stained glass windows. “This makes me think about Olafur Eliasson. He was inspired by this building too,” he muses. Set to open March 1, all Maurice will say about the upcoming exhibition, titled Olafur Eliasson: Reality Projector, is that it’s going to be an ambitious sound and light installation in the completely empty space. “Olafur first came way back at the start, when we were still doing demolition. It was literally a hard-hat tour; the floors were dug up and sloping. He said, ‘I’m inspired! Can I do something here?’ and I couldn’t believe it! He volunteered! This, by the way, is why I love that it’s a private foundation, just my brother and me, no board. Things can happen organically. We aren’t programmed years ahead; we don’t have to be so rigid. We can be available for artists, like it’s their space, a forum.”  The theater space is quirky (to say the least), but in an art world of white cubes, it seems artists are inspired by its uniqueness, clamoring for a chance to work with the building. Unlike the museums down the road, the Marciano Art Foundation is intentionally a space for interpretation and creation—a new living, beating heart invigorating the LA art community. “They are dying to work in there. When we started we didn’t even know what we would find inside. We sort of planned to gut it and make a big white box—but as we did the demolition, we just couldn’t do it!” Marciano says, still giddy about how far they’ve come. “Olafur is using all of that now. He is one of the most creative, talented, most genius artists working today. The way he transforms spaces themselves, the volume—he takes you into another world, a different world, his world. He wanted the whole thing to be an experience right from the time you step inside, so he will create an immersive space and experience there—feeling, in fact, like a temple!”  It’s clear that Maurice’s favorite aspect of the Foundation is enabling the artists he loves to explore and create. “Jim Shaw’s show was the best show he’s ever done. We are so proud. An LA artist who never had a show like that here before. And then Lizzie Fitch and Ryan Trecartin came to us and said, ‘Can we film in here for two or three days?’ And they stayed for four months! It was during demolition so we pretty much let them do whatever they wanted. Now their work (which was shown as part of the foundation’s inauguration) is part of the history of the building,” Maurice says. As for the unique Oehlen and Bottrop collaboration, it seems that was another organic idea. Bottrop loved the space, and he and Oehlen have shown together before, and they just asked. The Marcianos collect Oehlen in depth, and his work was featured in the inaugural show. “I really love him,” says Maurice. “He is another of our era’s great artists. Bottrop I’ve not worked with before. But they have these wonderful ideas about old and new, past and future, digital and analog, line and space. They are using old computers, and site-inspired line drawings—it’s all very exciting!” Indeed it is—for the Marcianos, for the artists, and for the entire city of LA.  Written by Shana Nys DambrotPhotographed by Ian Morrison Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Though Nike’s known as a powerhouse brand for all things athletic when it comes to footwear, make no mistake that they certainly put much sweat and love into making sure their sneaks and apparel are something you can wear to just look cool as hell. Enter beloved couture designer Riccardo Tisci, who has collaborated with Nike again for NikeLab x Riccardo Tisci, launching February 16.   Unsurprisingly, the spring line leans towards streetwear, what he does best. This time his inspiration comes from a fictional hoops team called The Victorious Minotaurs and there are pieces for both guys and gals. Give the clothes and dynamic Air Force 1s a look and be sure to act fast come Feb. 16. Lord knows they won’t be on the shelves long.  All photos by Danko Steiner, c/o Nike Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Those heart-shaped Russell Stover boxes have hit the shelves of your neighborhood Rite-Aid, and this can mean only one thing: it’s Aquarius season!  Aquarians are the most eccentric babies on the zodiac spectrum—quick-witted, engaging, and possessing the unique ability to both work hard and play hard (I can’t say the same for you lackadaisical water signs out there). Like any air sign, Aquarians can be restless, aloof, and fickle. But they are fantastic listeners, always willing to give the incisive (and often abrasively honest) advice their friends have come to expect from them. Sometimes our beloved Aquarians are so good at multitasking that they forget to set aside time for themselves. It’s time to give back to your Aquarius friends and pamper them with latest gifts perfectly tailored to their unique tastes.  We’ve been (horo)scoping out the latest trends and it's time to (zodi)act fast so that your favorite Aquarian’s birthday isn’t eclipsed by Valentine’s Day (actually the eclipse isn’t until the 15th so you’ve still got time).    Bell Hooks, All About Love, $15.99. Jim Lambie art book, $75.00. Issey Miyake Bao Bao, Wring Shoulder Bag, $1,695.00. Stella McCartney, Turbo Wrap sunglasses.  AYTM, Black Mirror Jewelry Box, $115.00. Atelier Swarovski Mary Katrantzou, bracelet. Jenni Kwon Designs, Stacked Diamond Cuff Ring, $1,655.00. Jenni Kwon Designs, Onyx White Diamond Cuff, $836.00. Jenni Kwon Designs, Black Diamond Cuff, $981.00. The Last Line, Medium Rainbow Huggie Earring, $219.00.   Aromatherapy Associates, Bath Salts, $63.00.  Bijou Van Ness, The Heiress, $275.00. Mansur Gavriel, Ballerina Pump, $475.00.  Bao Bao Issey Miyake, Platinum Patina Tote, $1,160.00. Bao Bao Issey Miyake, Mado Tote, $825. Bao Bao Issey Miyake, Platinum Gem Opera Clutch, $1,195.00. Photographed by Jim Turner  Produced by Britton LitowWritten by Andie Eisen   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   For our latest Closet Visits, we crashed Maria Hatzistefanis’ London flat. The ultimate girl boss—she’s CEO and Founder of skin care brands Rodial and Nip + Fab—let us into her home to check out her favorite fashion pieces. Some are coveted by street style followers, others luxe pieces from couture houses. Read all about Maria’s journey of challenges, breakthroughs, victories and of the frustrations she endured as an entrepreneur while building a successful company from the ground up in her first book, How to Be an Overnight Success (out now). Below, check out our interview and shots from our visit.  Who inspires your fashion style? I love a lot of the street style photographers and many women with an individualistic taste on Instagram that find pieces from designers, and put the pieces together and make them very unique and individual. I’m very much inspired and influenced by them. How would you describe the process of putting an outfit together? First I need to think about the mood and where I’m going. Based on that I decide on the shoes; flats, sneakers or high heel; then I move up to pants or a skirt, top and I always end with a statement jacket to pull the look together. I start from the bottom up. If I'm going to a red carpet event, then it would be more of a evening look. But I equally like to dress for something dressed down or dressed up. Where do you shop? A wide range between super expensive designers to a basics store to a high-end store. Matches Fashion is one of my favorite online websites, but I also shop a lot from ASOS and everything in between. I love finding cool pieces that are a bargain. What are you excited about to wear next in regards to spring? I got this super cool coat by Calvin Klein. I got it a month ago, but I haven’t worn it yet! It is a checker double breasted and it has a plastic mac on top; it’s very much "this season." I’m going wear it during the fashion month. When you go on a trip, what do you pack? I like to pack basic pieces--a pencil skirt, great fitting pants and some shirts. I always bring with me a statement jacket to make the look exciting and cool, and obviously few bags and shoes to mix things up. Produced by Linda NyvltovaPhotos and Video by Inigo Berron Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Oscar Olsson | photos by Clay Gardner | Fashion credits: GLOBAL EFFECTS INC. spacesuit worn throughout. To put it bluntly, Oscar Olsson seems like a visitor from a distant, highly productive planet. Headstrong and disciplined, he claims he gets by on just a few hours of sleep a night. He begins each day with an intense workout and an extended meditation session, letting his mind wander the universe, before he pulls it back down to earth. And then, mostly, he works. “I have this intensity level where if I do something, I do it 80-100 hours a week. That’s just how I’m wired,” he tells me matter-of-factly. With a prophet’s beard, glacier-blue eyes, and cryptic symbols tattooed on his arms, he’s not who you’d expect to be leading the latest disruption to the world of fashion. He has no social media presence and no experience as a designer, though he had a precocious preoccupation with fashion—“As early as four years old, I had strong opinions about what I wanted to wear,” he states, not without a bit of pride. So, what is he up to?  /Nyden, they call it. The website offers no information,just a space to enter your email.When you do, you receive a message—“Welcome to the tribe”— and a link. If you decide to click the link, instead of answers, you are presented with an Instagram page, @wearenyden, which consists of nine images, all black save for one in the center, which shows a bold slash. This is where the rabbit hole ends, for now. Click it: an explosion of colorful imagery,––– and a lingering sense of mystery.  So, what is /Nyden? It’s not an easy question to answer. In one sense they’re a fashion label. But to leave it at that would be like saying Apple makes cell phones. True, but unenlightening. To learn more, I spoke with Oscar Olsson, the—how to describe him? Thought leader? Chief? Creative Director?—behind the concept.  Olsson speaks carefully but with clear excitement for the project, and he has a penchant for knotty philosophical discourse. “/Nyden is the result of three years of research, four years of tinkering, and four years of trying to develop a vision that actually means something for the industry. The essential question that drives us is: how do we empower people in ten years?”  To answer that potentially unanswerable question, Olsson takes his own voluminous research into sociology, biology, psychology, leadership strategy, and futurology and combines it all with a years of data analyzing consumer shopping habits. “We have a fundamental belief that the future is not this thing that we can just sit back and eat popcorn and watch, like a movie, as it unfolds,” he says. “It’s a question of agency. We believe that a group of individuals with a mission, organized to take action, can create the future and shape its path.”  Olsson believes that the primary driver of the future—as well as more or less all of human history—is the idea of the “tribe,” an well-known anthropological concept that he applies to contemporary cultural and social structures. They are central to /Nyden’s creative vision. As framed by Olsson, a tribe is an organically and democratically assembled group of people who align themselves around shared interests, ideals, and goals. There is no rigid hierarchy. Tribes are always changing, always evolving. Everyone within the tribe serves a purpose, and leaders develop and recede based upon the shifting preferences and ideals held by the rest of the members.  “We think that a company should function as a persona. It’s not an institution, it’s not this aristocratic function that stands on top of the crowd and looks down on it,” he explains. “I love the metaphor of the underground club, where there is a DJ at the same level as the audience. They’re there as a curator but also there as an event maker. They can lead the crowd and direct the energy, but the crowd decides if it wants to be lead, and without the crowd there would be no event. They’re an empathetic tribe leader, and that is something fundamentally different than the top- down structures of most brands today.”  This belief informs every aspect of /Nyden’s vision, from the way the company is structured—“We are a very flat organization. We’re trying to structure the team as a group of artists. That involves a lot of collaboration, and a lot of debate. But if the organization is structured that way, you don’t need hierarchies”—to the entire model for the clothing releases, marketing, and design.  All this philosophy is certainly interesting, but how will it actually manifest itself? The first step is, of course, the tribe. /Nyden hopes to foster these tribes through events, activations, and social media, as well as drawing from pre-existing tribes and collaborating with their primary influencers to release capsules. Unlike the standard model, in which a sartorial sultan dictates through design what clothes the rabble will wear next season or next year before their reign ends and they pass the baton, /Nyden will draw inspiration from organic movements in contemporary culture. The goal is rapidly deployed—as quickly as two weeks from concept to release—“capsule collections” created in collaboration with a variety of tastemakers, artists, and personalities. What’s more, /Nyden is tossing out the seasonal model. Instead, Olsson hopes they will be able to respond to trends almost in real time, relying on collaboration and research to keep pace with the rapidly shifting preferences and tastes of the millennial generation.  Among the first such capsules will be a project with renowned LA-based tattoo artist Dr. Woo. It turns out LA will function as a primary locus for /Nyden, surprising considering the fact that most of its staff still lives in Sweden. “We think that LA is the epicenter, right now, for pop culture. It’s really strong for the availability of craftsmanship, talent, materials, and for fashion in general. It’s on the rise. New York has the established traditional outlets, but we like to be close to the streets, close to the tribes. And you actually get that feeling in LA.”  It’s a lot to shoulder: disrupting fashion, company hierarchies, the seasonal model, and marketing strategies—all at the same time. But what I find encouraging about Olsson’s ideas is their bend towards a more intimate, personal, and empowering sense of what fashion, and even our social lives, can be. “Right now social media is driven in large part by narcissism, with a focus on higher and higher engagement rates,” Olsson explains. “But we believe that we are getting closer and closer to the point where we will tip over to what we call the next era, which is the era of the closed tribes, an era of more empowerment. Not fame for fame’s sake, but real talent.”  And aren’t we all a bit tired of ‘famous for being famous’ anyway? Is there anything more inauthentic then some unsubtly branded swimsuit shot curated by a social media manager for an overexposed star? Surely there are better figures to empower with our attention. He continues: “You see these trends manifested today when you look a 17-year-old in NYC or Paris: the authentic self isn’t shown on Instagram or on public profiles. Where you do get that authenticity is in places like the closed Snapchat groups. Some people often have two or three Instagram profiles, and we think that’s very, very interesting. For /Nyden, it’s about that closed profile.”  Before he blasts off for whatever his overstuffed agenda demands next, Olsson closes our interview with some wise words: “What’s we’re interested in is the authentic self. It’s not about the self that looks for that attention; it’s not the self that speaks to a wide audience. You speak authentically to your closer friends, your inner table. That’s where you’re creative, that’s where you can contribute, and that’s where you should expand from.” It’s one small step for a brand, one giant leap for brand-kind.  Written by Sid FeddemaPhotographed by Clay GardnerStyled by Santa BevacquaGroomer: Michelle Harvey using Oribe and CHANEL Palette Essentiell at Opus BeautyLocation: WeWork DTLA Glass Tower Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017              From left to right: Balthazar wears ANY OLD IRON jacket, LIBERTINE caftan, HOORSENBUHS chain necklace, LITTLE ROOMS charm necklace, and talent’s own watch (worn throughout). Ione wears DIOR HOMME shirt and vintage suit (worn throughout). Donovan wears DORA ABODI blouse, Vintage bib top available at The Ruby Fashion Library, Vintage rings available at The Way We Wore, MARCO MARCO pants, and ELISABETTA FRANCHI necklace (worn throughout). David wears dress, hat, and necklace available at Shareen Vintage and RINALDY YUNARDI cu bracelet. La La wears HUGO BOSS suit (worn throughout). June 12, 1991: the city of stars lost a few lights and Hollywood went haywire when five of the brightest talents of their generation suddenly vanished. David Arquette, Ione Skye, Lala Sloatman, Donovan Leitch, and Balthazar Getty were last seen shortly after completing an infamous Detour Magazine shoot set in a Hollywood Hills mansion, and now, after 27-years of frenzied searching, conspiracy theories, and fading hopes, their whereabouts have been discovered and the facts are out. The sordid saga unfolded as follows: overwhelmed by the rabid response to the Detour shoot, the team realized that they could no longer go out in public without endangering themselves. Obsessed fans harangued them day and night. They were forced to go into hiding by the government, assuming new identities under the Witness Protection Program and retreating from the limelight to a mansion in the hills, where they’ve remained ever since. Now, 25-years later, they’re ready to step out and tell all. “I’ve always been a huge fan of Greta Garbo, and I believe she left at the perfect time. So, rather than grow old in front of all the skeptical eyes, after we left that Detour shoot, we decided to grow old together away from the spotlight,” Arquette tells me, dressed as his alias, a “girl named Sue.” Wearing a royal blue evening gown with sequined sleeve details and an orange wig, “Sue” confides in me what the last two decades of her life spent living with her friends in hiding have been like. “We’ve done everything together. We’ve committed international crimes. We’ve had group orgies. There have been conflicts—we’ve all individually fought each other in hand-to- hand combat—but I wouldn’t want to be with anyone else while I’m hiding out from the rest of the world,” she tells me. Lala sloatman, now named “julian,” echoes arquette’s sentiments, adding: “I feel much more in tune with my masculine side here, but I miss the freedom of my past life.” That may be true, but it’s hard to tell—she seems to be doing just fine. Sloatman and the star of 1989’s Say Anything, Ione Skye, have formed more than a friendship during their time here in hiding. Skye adopted the alias “Armand Barragan,” and her situation differs from the others in an important way: she didn’t go into hiding by choice, but was instead kidnapped from her bed in the middle of the night by U.S. federal agents, as requested by Sloatman. “What seemed like an abduction at the time was really an act of God,” she explains. “Once I was reunited with Lala—er, “Julian”—in the mansion, we came to find that our astrological star signs were remarkably compatible. After discovering our compatibility, I decided to stay in this house, and 27-years later we’re still all here.” Like Sloatman, Skye has felt less pressure while in the Witness Protection Program to uphold female societal standards. “Once I put on this suit, I felt just like my father and my father before me, and now I only wear this suit, even to bed. I even made custom pajamas to look like a tuxedo.” Happy as she is, she does occasionally wonder what life might be like outside. “Maybe I’d be working at a gas station where I would meet the love of my life. Something that the everyday man would do,” she says somberly, dreaming of the ordinary life she never had. Balthazar Getty is less impressed with new-age inventions, and is the only member of the house that seems to have a severe case of cabin fever. “The thing I miss most about my born identity would have to be the parties—and, well, having access to practically everything,” he tells me, draped in a sequined rainbow jacket and only responding to the name “Isaac von Hallberg.” I turn my attention to “Mr. Wilde,” formerly known as Mr. Leitch. "You know, Balthazar, David, and I are old-timers in the Hollywood circuit, and when we read what was going on we knew what was going to become of Hollywood,” Mr. Wilde explains. “So we decided, why not pay the government to allow us to hide in this big beautiful house and live as the people we’ve always wanted to be?” Wilde tells me that together the group has created a sort of paradise where it seems time stopped in ’91. The only modern convenience they’ve adopted is Postmates. “We don’t use Uber because we never leave, but we love all the new food delivery services. The one great thing about Los Angeles, and how it has evolved since we’ve disappeared, is the food industry, and I’m all about that.” Once this article is released, sue, Mr. Wilde, Isaac von Hallberg, and Armand Barragan will be forced to rejoin society and adopt their former identities. While they’re a bit worried about losing 24-hour protection from the government, I tell them not to fret too much— after all, the eye in the sky is always watching. Before our interview ends, I inform them that a lot has changed since they’ve left the scene. Hollywood isn’t exactly what it used to be. I’m curious to know where Mr. Wilde thinks they’ll all end up once they leave this life in hiding once and for all. “The Abbey,” he replies. “We’d kill it at the Abbey.” Written by Eva BarraganPhotographed by Easton SchirraStyled by Lisa Bae   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017             Ever dream of shredding some gnarly crests down Rodeo? We have, but only in our darkest dreams, as we're not that apocalyptic and hope the waves don't reach that far east anytime soon. However, the idea did surf across our imagination again this weekend as Louis Vuitton unveiled their traveling pop-up, complete with stylishly refurbished VW van parked on the sidewalk of Rodeo Drive. This pop-up, which started in Miami, and eventually makes its way to Hawaii, celebrates the Spring 2018 collection by Kim Jones. Riffing off classic surfer styles, this Louis Vuitton collection elevates some of our summer favorites beyond our wildest dreams. The collection features Hawaiian shirts shrouded in iridescent organza, elegantly structured neoprene tops, leather jackets, denim bucket hats, and logo-stamped Velcro sandals. And, of course, a surf board that you can take out with you the next time the waves call. The clothing is playful and vibrant, while maintaining the chic and luxurious sensibility that characterizes Louis Vuitton. Turns out classic couture with a hint of Jeff Spicoli might be just what we all needed for this upcoming Spring.  Written by Andie Eisen Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017        Photography Ben Toms Since the label has relaunched back in 2009, Versus Versace has scouted some of the most influential players of this generation. Continuing from Fall/Winter 17, the lively campaign takes place in the City of Angels and features vibrant millennials. Shot by photographer Ben Toms, the campaign captures the essence of LA lifestyle.  The cast includes prominent young faces like models Hayley Ashton, Lilliya Reid, Dagsen Love, Skater Olan Prenatt, musician Lindsey Shrederley, and actress Fig Abner.  Artistic Director of  Donatella Versace said of the campaign, “This group of young minds in Los Angeles really tells the story of what the Versus sub-culture stands for: attitude, defiance, and the real issues of a new creative generation.” Be sure to check out more in gallery above or head to Versaces' website for the short film. Written by Alex CeballosPhotography by Ben Toms Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                 Stella McCartney put on on quite a show, debuting her pre-fall collection last week in Los Angeles.  The star-studded event took place at the SIR Studios Facilities on Sunset Blvd., celebrating her collection with friends, family, and plenty of musical guests. Not only did she debut her collection, but there were also plenty of musical acts to entertain the crowd. Artists such as Borns ,Grimes, Beck, Leon Bridges, St Vincent and Paul McCartney performed. The collection embraced how effortlessly sexy and natural one can be. The designer wanted to incorporate graphic prints, textures and bold silhouettes, and over all the customers needs when it comes to going from a day to night look. The designer seemed to really have fun with the collection as it was her take on modernizing looks and changing things up, but at the same time enjoying fashion and all it is capable of.  Party guests included Leonardo DiCaprio, Katy Perry, Kate Hudson, Poppy Delevingne, Dakota Johnson, Chris Martin,Paris Jackson, Emma Roberts, Selma Blair, Amy Poehler, Christina Aguilera and Ringo Starr just to name a few.             Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017         Last night in Paris, KENZO celebrated their new campaign film YO! MY SAINT, directed by Ana Lily Amirpour and featuring the musical talents of Karen O.  YO! MY SAINT is a three-part artistic endeavor incorporating music, film, and fashion. The project is born from KENZO’s Spring/Summer 2018 collection from Creative Directors Humberto Leon and Carol Lim. The event was held at Le Palace Club in Montmartre, where partygoers Karen O, Humberto Leon, Carol Lim, and Ana Lily Amirpour sang karaoke and danced to the music stylings of the London duo Disco Smack, and Parisian deejays Erwan and Miley Serious.  Party guests included Dirty Beaches frontman Alex Zhang Hungtai, Catherine Baba, Patrick Gibson, Joanna Kutcha, Casey Spooner, Violet Chachki, Germain Louvet, Ellen Von Unwerth, Aleali May, Woodkid, Siobhan Bell, Miles Chamley Watson, Charlotte Free and a host of fresh French acting talent - Amir El Kacem, Rabah Nait Oufella, Corentin Fila, Kacey Mott Klein, Yoann Zimmer and Chista Theret. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Perverze is the burgeoning Tokyo-based, avant-garde street label taking off in global proportions. The brand is comprised of an on-going collaboration between creative visionaries in Japan, and founded on the retro styles of the 80s and 90s counterculture. Despite the decline of fashion retailers in recent years, Perverze is one of Japan's fastest-growing fashion startups. From shredded knits to tailored coats and bucket hats, the brand champions it's vintage aesthetic with modern functionality.  With recent media frenzy, Perverze has teamed up with Assembly NY to launch it's official U.S. presence. Starting November 15th, the Fall/Winter 2019 collection will be on display in New York's Lower East Side for a month-long showcase. Although this pop-up will be brief, Perverze has no plans to slow down any time soon. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On a mid-fall afternoon, Graham Tyler and I sat down at the High Line Hotel. Surrounded by its collegiate gothic-style architecture and mid-19th-century mementos, we reflect on the time ambiguousness of it— much like his work. Once a student of sculpture and millinery, Tyler found his craft somewhere between bespoke and ready-to-wear, although, he’s not the typical trend-leaning, Instagram-hype designer we’ve become accustomed to. Rather, he’s more introspective, and frankly, unparalleled in his skill. Blending Renaissance, Edwardian, and Victorian silhouettes, Graham modernizes each garment reference through a contemporary lens. In conversation, we spoke of his interests, inspirations, and career from past to present.  How did you decide to study sculpture at Cleveland Institute of Art, and how did that lead you to your millinery apprenticeship with Marta Glazen? I started with painting, and my work was about the body. When it came to actually choosing my major, I ended up going with sculpture because I was more interested in tactile 3d works at the time. And again, I was making a lot of things about the body. From there, I realized I really wanted to learn a craft and wanted to have a skill— a real solid craft skill set. I was looking around at what would be of interest to me, and then I became kind of obsessive about really fascinating textiles. So just in happenstance, I found a woman in Cleveland that was taking an apprentice. Her name was Marta, and she took me in very kindly, and it was very intense; it was about two years with her. Two years, for five, maybe six days a week. I learned a lot from her. She's worked with everybody, and she was wonderful.  How did you decide to switch from sculpture to hats to ready to wear? I was making headwear for a lot of different people in New York, from stylists to runway to a lot of nightlife personalities. People would constantly ask me, "Can you make a garment to go with the hats that your making?" So I thought that I probably should learn how to make clothes. I was making a lot of clothing and headwear. Then, some of the designers that I was working with for their own lines  said, "Just start your own thing."  You went on to make custom headwear for Lady Gaga, Barneys NY, Adam Selman, and Polo Ralph Lauren, to name a few. What were those experiences like? Ralph Lauren for Polo was a full-time day job, and I was doing headwear. That was a really great experience of learning the ins and outs of a brand and how a brand functions at that scale. It's especially nice to work at a brand with such a specific aesthetic. When it comes to celebrities, I work with a few different stylists and such. I largely work with Zaldy, who is a big costume designer. He used to be the designer for LAMB for Gwen Stefani. I worked with him, and it's a really great relationship because he can transfer the information and the aesthetic that they're looking for quite easily. Celebrity work can be tricky because we both come to the table with totally different aesthetics. So I try to translate their thoughts and their words through my hand, which can be kind of a tedious process. It's a lot of give and take on that, but in the end, it's fun. Speaking of costume design— have you ever considered crossing over into that category? I mean, I now understand why Christian Lacroix decided to be a costume designer. Because there's a lot more freedom in that— I don't think I would, because I don't feel that my clothes and the topics that I'm discussing in my work translate well on stage, so I probably would never become a costume designer. None of my clothes have any historical accuracy. I'm usually re-cutting a historical garment into something totally different, or I cut a jacket as a shirt, and I cut a corset as a jacket. I kind of am shifting and re-translating and re-curating things. Your silhouettes are a modern and original take on historical fashion with an emphasis on curved seams, leg of mutton sleeves, corsets, suit vests, and so on. What era's in fashion do you find most influential to you? And do you see a resurgence in antiquated-style clothing? I think the world is consistently reflexive. I think that that is relevant to me. I do see a resurgence in— at least currently, there's a lot of Victorian and Edwardian references transpiring. Especially with puffed sleeves, these are quite popular at the moment. The most recent collection was largely about Mary Shelley and her husband and the Pforzheimer collection at the New York Public Library, which focuses on 1819 to 1845. I mainly stuck to that time period as to the corsets, jackets, and shirts that I was cutting— I was referencing those styles. My work blends Renaissance, Edwardian, Victorian, and some extremely contemporary styles of cutting so that things never feel historical, and they never feel contemporary. They always feel like this very time ambiguous work, which I think is a new way of making clothes — to be very time ambiguous about the way that you're working. Overarchingly, people describe my work as being very Amish. I definitely take that as a compliment, just because I think I cut very graphic shapes, but with very tactile textiles and very hand ROT textiles- and that's kind of an Amish practice. The wonderful thing about Amish is that they look the same today as they did, and they do still.  Speaking of your SS20 collection, "The Origin of Failure," what's the meaning behind this title? It's a long, drawn-out situation. Though the collection was about the Pforzheimer collection and Mary Shelley and her husband, it also was in tandem with trying to figure out what contemporarily is a Romantics approach to making things. I was really inspired by glitch art — also, the act of being romantic about pixelated data. A lot of the prints were all glitched out. I was glitching the images with the love letters. I was typing the love letters into the code of the photos and glitching them through that by putting too much data into the back end. So the long drawn out part of it is that there's only one real piece of critical academic writing about the glitch art that's called The Aesthetics of Post-Digital Objects, I believe. It refers to a glitch as the origin of failure. I was really fascinated by that term. Also, it's terminology as linked to Mary Shelley's obsession with failure in her book and most of her literature, but especially in Frankenstein. What were some of your other points of inspiration for the collection?  I was looking at one specific love letter, which is dated August 23rd — my birthday, that Mary Shelley's husband sent to her. Then when he passed away, she rewrote it, and the rewritten version is at the library. That was the main graphic, and then I referenced for the styles that I was cutting a few original Parisian fashion magazines from the early 1800s, these little women's books. Then a diary-slash-entertainment book that a woman named Anne Wagner kept, and I created a dress using her entire book that I reprint. That dress now will be in the permanent collection of the Phorzheimer. They have bought it, and it'll be the only piece of contemporary clothing that exists in their archive, which is really wonderful. Those are the main things that I was focusing on visually.  Do you have a favorite piece from this collection? The jacquard triptych. The three-piece suit that had their love letters and embroidered into it was my favorite look. That garment is made with this new technology that I'm working on with a computer weaving company in California to be able to create jacquard garments with no wastage. That's how the Mary Shelley corset was also created. They normally create a lot of wastage to make that work.  Art plays an innate influence in your work. Do you prefer antiquity or modern art? It's a big mix in between. I don't think there's an art style that I don't like for the most part, but I'm not a big Surrealist fan. There are a few artists that I'm always thinking about, but I only look at historical art when it's when it pertains to a specific topic. I know the Smithsonian Institution in DC was an important gallery to you growing up. What's your favorite museum today? As a child, we went to that museum almost every summer in DC. There's a Vermeer room that was important to me, and the room about Alexander Calder in the Modern was significant for me as a kid. The feeling of uncanniness inspired me in his work. I recently went to the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum. That was probably the most fantastic art experience I've had because it's really beautiful to experience art of that nature and of that caliber on non-white institutional walls. What are some of your favorite art movements and painters? My favorite artist is Joseph Cornell, who created these incredible little boxes filled with objects. He dealt with melancholy, nostalgia, and love in the same way that I do. I have a soft spot for miniatures and small works of art. I am more inspired by the underpaintings of paintings than I am of the paintings themselves. The color palettes from my work are based on Versailles' underpaintings, which are black and white paintings that they do before they do the painting on top. Any of the artists in the Baroque time period did that a lot. I look at Baroque paintings and Baroque unfinished works of art quite often. I also look at Jasper Johns work a lot. Currently, there's an artist Jefferson Hayman. He's a photographer, and he does these really beautiful little photographs that are my current obsession. Your last two collections have focused on the use of muted colors. Why are you more drawn to grays and blacks, and do you plan on reintroducing color in future collections? I'm partially color blind, and managing all of those colors was very hard for me. I realized I was in a very different place at that point in time. The short answer is no; I won't be going back to color. I consider those first two collections iterations of me attempting to figure out what I wanted to make. Then the most recent collections are me telling the world what I am making and what I am planning to continue to make. Gray, black and white will always be the base, and I will softly incorporate beiges and taupes and rusts, and some kind of soft lilacs. Everything else will stay rooted in those colors. I also like that you could, in theory, take any piece from those collections and moving forward be able to put them together because colors will always match up. I think that's important for the people who look at the clothes and also wear them. How do you achieve your impeccable tailoring? What's your trial and error process like while developing silhouettes each collection? My suits are sewn by hand. They are quite meticulously sewn, and I make all of the patterns and samples.  I keep everything really structured, largely just because I'm drawn to those really aesthetic lines. It was more so a very long learning curve to have to teach myself how to sew a suit like that. I was looking at a lot of old designer suits who made stunning haute couture suits. That's where I learned how to make the ones that I make now. So what's next?  I'm launching e-commerce in the next month or so with some of our core styles and shapes. I am really focusing on the dress shirts. That's kind of everyone's favorite item from us. I'm currently in the Elaine Gold Launch Pad program, so lots of things to come through the CFDA and the EGLP. Then I am already starting the textile development process. The process is very long, and we create entirely new textiles every season, almost every textile is exclusive to the brand. I'm in the process of ideation and also agreements between what collection I'm going to be allowed to use next. There's a lot of logistical things with these collections, so I'm working on what collection I'll be using next. Clothing: Graham Tyler ‘The Origin of Failure’ Produced and Directed by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: Jack Belli Styled by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Mia Varrone Model: Inga Dezhina at Supreme Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Veronica Vilim, Luka Sabbat. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Frida Aasen, Laquan Smith, Daniela Braga, Robin Holzken. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Lion Babe. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Beau Jangless. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  LaQuan Smith. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Aamito Lagum. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA Photo by Avi Gill Last Thursday, New York designer LaQuan Smith and cherub denim brand, Jordache, celebrated its capsule collection at Cipriani's private club, Socialista. Elsa Hosk, Luka Sabbat, Danielle Herrington, and Elisa Johnson, to name a few, sported their Jordache x LaQuan Smith looks as they wined, dined, and grooved to an impromptu performance by Lion Babe. The collaboration, displayed in Smith's Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, is inspired by the NYC nightlife, offering a fresh and reinterpreted version of Jordache's playful denim silhouettes. To view the full collection debuted in LaQuan Smith SS20 click here. Photo by Avi Gill Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Kelcie Schofield is the founder and designer of the contemporary clothing label, CIE Denim. Conceived in 2018, Kelcie fills a gap in her industry by reusing and reworking pre-existing denim as well as solidifying a new and less toxic manufacturing process. Whether it’s restructured silhouettes, deadstock materials, or Naveena Mills’ cutting edge Horizon fabric, CIE represents the future of manufactured denim in our increasingly destructive global climate.  In addition to responsible garments, Kelcie melds this effort with creative design applications— each piece one of a kind. With flipped pockets on the ankle hem, an upside-down jean fit, and color-blocked seams, each design reflects a unique twist on traditional denim norms. Post Spring/ Summer 2020 presentation, Flaunt spoke with Schofield to discuss the past, present, and future of CIE Denim. Tell us about the inception of CIE. CIE was started from our two core silhouettes - our upside-down jeans and shorts. I wanted to create an item that made heads turn (literally) but could also be worn day to day. How do you aim to be a new and unique voice in the industry of denim? Every piece we come out with should have something that gives it an extra spark. We’re here to make unique investment pieces that you feel good about buying.  How do you view sustainability as an essential component of the current fashion climate? That’s exactly how I view it - an essential component. Sustainability, for me, is a non-negotiable for any new business to find success in the current climate. Since I launched CIE in 2018, there has been a noticeable change in the industry and how customers view their clothing.  What are your efforts in regards to sustainability? Explain your “slow-fashion” philosophy. I have two sustainable mediums I work with right now. The first and the essence of what built CIE is reworked vintage. Even for our knits, we reworked Hanes T-shirts. Using fully recycled materials creates an exciting challenge for each style that I enjoy working through. For the sustainably manufactured denim that we source through Naveena Mills, we do fully “new” jeans made entirely from the Naveena fabric as well as combining the new fabric with vintage materials.  How do you believe denim will evolve in years to come? I think sustainability will continue to be a driving force in the denim industry. My hope is that companies established and emerging will embrace responsible practices. It’s slowly transitioning, but it’s not quite there yet.  What’s next for CIE? More learning and growing! We plan to push the brand into unexplored territories, whether it’s new materials or new silhouettes.  Clothing: CIE Denim SS20 Photography by: Phoenix Johnson Model: Lyn Hersh Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli. Creative director Wil Beedle hosted an event in honor of AllSaints 25th anniversary.  Accompanied by musical guests such as Flaunt Fave Arsun Sorrenti, the night was a classic celebration at Chateau Marmont’s bungalow 1. Hoards of the coolest kids hung out chain smoking by the pool while a DJ set by Hateboy got the rocking crowd weirding out to some house tracks. The influence soaked crowd included Ariel Beesley, Bec Adams, Ally HilFiger, Amanda Steele, Eddie Mitsou, Gavin Turek, Finneas, Kate Parfet, Kilo Kish, Marta Pozzan, Rainsford, Salem Mitchell, Sara Cummings Zach VIlla, and a host of other Beauts. Photographed by David Vassalli. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The contemporary retail concept, Maiden Name, is the brainchild of Alix Freireich, and David Lê. While the founders met at Vassar College, they reunited to bridge a gap in the interconnected realm of e-commerce. With assistance from Jesse Hudnutt and Susan Lee, the four embark on a journey to reconnect the roots which link fashion and fine art.  Following a seasonal calendar, Maiden Name will organize its collections as an online, and interdisciplinary group show; showcasing exclusive artist collaborations alongside in-house women’s apparel. Like a chest full of curated gold, Maiden Name may hold the key to your future treasures.  In a recent conversation, Flaunt spoke with the founders to discuss the start of this forward-thinking, art formed, and eco-minded community. Tell us about the genesis of your retail concept, Maiden Name. Maiden Name really emerged out of our own sense that we didn't have a place where we loved to shop. It also came out of an acknowledgment that we spend a lot of time shopping and consuming media online, and those activities all seem to take place in the same dead, zombified e-comm context. So when we found ourselves with an opportunity to share work we love, made by people we love, alongside the apparel we make, it felt like there was an opening to use e-comm differently. We call ourselves "Maiden Name" because we want to highlight the people and stories (the "maiden names") that usually get erased when things enter the public sphere. And we wanted to keep this feminist gesture, insisting on a kind of independence, even as we credited those that came before us. Tihngs by Eric Oglander Photo by David Behl What are your thoughts on the link between fine art and fashion? We think about this a lot, in part because we need to protect the fine artists we work with, and an association with fashion can make their work seem trivial. That's just a fact, even though, by and large, we think it's bunk. We think of artist/designers like Sonia Delaunay, or photographers like Grete Stern and Ilse Bing, who all straddled the worlds of art and fashion and did great work (a full century before Sterling Ruby and Cindy Sherman!). That's why we highlight them on our Instagram @maiden.name.store. But we do recognize the need to let art and fashion excel on their own terms. We want to produce fashion that's technically perfect, that's beautiful. Our objects are freer, in some ways, to be about other things––they can be "about" history; they can be weird, or conceptual. What unifies everything is our sense of our customer's needs––they want beautiful, thoughtful, well-made clothes, and they want to collect beautiful, thoughtful, and well-made objects. What influenced the first womenswear collection? The collection draws on Alix's archival research, so it brings together 19th-century reference pieces and touches of the 1970s, modernized and rendered in high-quality materials. The Zoe Shirt, for example, is modeled on an Edwardian grandfather shirt that was still in great condition because it was made in silk. Ours is silk too, and we hope it also lasts a century. We describe the core concept as "70s Renaissance Fair," which sounds odd, but the end products are all meant to be totally wearable and versatile. We want them to be sexy and smart. And it felt like that was missing from what's out there now.   How does sustainability play a part in your collections? Sustainability is core to what we're trying to achieve. We make everything here in NYC, so it's a local supply chain. We use deadstock material, and because our production runs are so small, the wastage is minimal. More broadly, we need to slow consumption down (which is an odd thing for a fashion company to acknowledge). But we want customers to buy less and buy better. Our next step is to scale up in ways that will allow us to ensure sustainability from raw materials to end product. That's a challenge, particularly when you're small. You feature collaborative work with Paul Arnhold’s hand-blown glass and Eric Oglander’s collection of 19th and 20th-century folk art. What prompted the choice of these artists for your first collection?  Paul is a dear friend making very beautiful work here in Brooklyn. That was a no-brainer. We found Eric through his "Craigslist Mirrors" project (@craigslist_mirrors) his Instagram-based collection of images, sourced from Craigslist, of mirrors for sale. We thought that was brilliant. And his Tihngs project is too. Both Eric and Paul have such distinct points of view (and are making work that is almost diametrically opposed, formally). So they seemed like great partners to open the collection with. Indigo Vase by Paul Arnhold Photo by David Behl What are your favorite pieces from your inaugural collection? We love the Tamara Top. It almost verges into historical costume, but doesn't, and ends up being so cool. We also love the Tramp Box, which is sculptural, and modern, and old at the same time, and the Graffiti Vase, which is kind of a twisted take on Paul's other work. And we love the framed set of Leung Kui Ting prints––they look simple, but the more time you spend with them, the more you like them. That's always the real test when you collect.  How do you envision the growth of Maiden Name? I think first and foremost we want Maiden Name to build out the line beyond shirting. We also want to have more of a physical presence. It's hard to communicate something like the perfect fit, or the beauty of hand painting without having people see things in the real world. At the same time, we want to expand our digital presence and knit together a community, folding in our friends in Berlin (at the end of 2019) and then with more cities in 2020. Photography by: Matt Grubb Styling by: Gabriel Held Model: Fiffany Luu Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   While the fashion industry is backed by an insatiable appetite for the new, we find ourselves in a current climate of trying to stay well-fed, while simultaneously reminding ourselves the importance of sustainability. These three young designers have found a way to bring forth something innovative, while also holding themselves accountable. We have Bethany Williams, conceptualizing clothing with a focus on social issues, Christopher John Rogers, designing for those influencing radical change, and Emily Adams Bode, sourcing from the past to create something for the now. Interviewed by Mui-Hai Chu Photo courtesy Bethany Williams What drew to design? My love for fabric construction, and how design can be used to find solutions. I read your mom help knit and create pieces for you. Was she ever in fashion as well? She used to be a pattern cutter for factory in Liverpool,  and now she does soft furnishings and she also does my netting as well. Obviously your family is really important to you. You grew up in Liverpool?  I was born in Liverpool but then I grew up on the Isle of Man. It’s such a small tight-knit community. Loads of things are locally produced and there weren’t many main stores growing up. How do you describe your design process? It always starts with an issue I am trying to solve and then we work with a charity that tries to talk about that issue. What issues are you looking forward to promoting? I think for the next collection I’m working with a charity that makes temporary housing for women and children. Who would you say are your inspiration or muses? I love other designers like Walter Van Beirendonck I’ve been a massive fan girl for a while. Do you have any type of life inspiration outside of fashion? I do like artists like Egon Schiele. I really love his work. My inspiration is probably my family.  What do you think are the bigger challenges you face trying to be sustainable? I think sourcing is a massive one, as is pricing, and having things available. How do you decide to up-cycle a piece? How does the process come about?  It kind of depends on the project we’re doing. We will be doing the collection and there are staples that we always upcycle. I’m trying to introduce more and more. Where do you hope to see yourself in the next five years? I would like to start my own social manufacturing project in the UK. Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy  Christopher John Rogers To start at the beginning, what drew you to design?  Anime, manga, and cartoons—especially people with special powers. The ability for clothing to help people self-actualize and to give them a newfound confidence. You grew up in Louisiana. What effect, if any, did growing up in the south have on your creative evolution?   A real sense of polish and refinement is found in the South – especially in the Black Church. Spending time with my mother and grandmother in church helped me curate an eye for the finish and cut of clothing and has been an inspiration for me ever since. How would you describe your design process?  I'd describe it as visceral. Although I try to be strategic, I'm ultimately extremely influenced by my intuition, emotion, and heavily inspired by color. As a recent graduate, what is the best advice you've received from your mentors at SCAD?  Work hard and stay true to yourself. There are always people that might be more talented or more privileged than you, but hard work and humility know no bounds.  Where do you find inspiration? Everywhere! Debris on the side of the street, mid-century couture, things my friends are wearing, et You've dressed people from Cardi B to Michelle Obama. Having worked with so many influential figures, is there a lasting moment with one that stands out to you the most?  To work with a woman that's equally revered for her intellect and passion, as well as her individualistic sense of style, is definitely a highlight. My family was also extremely proud of me, so that's a plus! Where do you see the fashion industry headed in the next 5 years?  A sense of increased accountability and transparency that's come with the proliferation of social media. I think we're going to see a complete upheaval of the traditional ways of showing and interacting with fashion. Tell us about your fall collection.  Stonehenge, quinceañeras, and Dr. Seuss. What's next?  Everything! We're working on our Spring 2020 collection and are also finalists for the CFDA Vogue Fashion Fund, so we're working our tails off! Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Where are you from, and how has that made an impression on you creatively? I’m from Atlanta. My parents were from Massachusetts, so I spent a lot of time in Cape Cod. I have this juxtaposition of New England and the South. The effect Atlanta had on me was not only the southern hospitality, but a lot about celebrating craft and culture. Tell us about the moment you knew you wanted to become a designer.   In high school, I was taking extracurricular art classes, like how to draw, technical fashion. I also took a croquis drawing class, and it must’ve been junior year that I knew that I wanted to be a designer as a career choice. I went to Parsons for menswear design and I went to Eugene Lang for philosophy. In what ways does the study of philosophy and your interest in fashion design connect? I think it’s primarily the way that I come up with a narrative for the season, and what sorts of questions in culture—my culture, other people’s culture and tradition—should be asked and should be addressed. How to talk about the historical narrative around clothing, and dressing. You’re known for re-contextualizing materials in a lot of your garments, many of which are vintage textiles. How did you get into the textile portion of it? Since I was a little kid, I had been interested in buying antiques and all of the historical narratives alongside that. We would go to all of these antique markets in Atlanta, and flea markets in New England, in and around Massachusetts. Why design menswear? I went to school for it, but I’ve always been interested in designing for someone outside of myself. Tell us about your fall collection. That collection was inspired by a narrative around gallerist Todd Alden, who is an ephemera dealer in downtown New York. I worked with him and talked to him about his life, collecting, what sorts of things inspired him to collect, where he lives, history of that location, his family history, how he came to become a curator, and the moment he opened his own gallery. Where abouts do you find inspiration? Following the life of someone and their relationship to objects, the domestic space, and the traditions that have shaped their lifestyle. Do you ever see yourself getting into womenswear? Not right now. We have a bunch of stores that pick it up as women’s, but it is traditionally a menswear brand. In the future maybe we’ll have a different conversation around that. What’s next?  Right now, we’re working on production, but really building out our own manufacturing space. Most of the collections we make in New York is made in our own studio, so building that out is the next step.  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Images courtesy Bethany Williams. Images courtesy Christopher John Rogers. Images courtesy Emily Adams Bode.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. A brand that makes style, comfort, and practicability a priority while making sure to evoke confidence, Knorts recently launched a new collection called, Scarlet Knorts. Color is the main factor of enhancing the garments’ attributes. Traditionally, Knorts has used the color blue which represents calmness, coolness, stability, and reliability, which are all components of confidence and is the signature color of their denim wear.  Knorts’ new capsule collection, Scarlet Knorts, incorporates the feelings associated with the color red. This collection aims to evoke strength, warmth, comfort, love, and power into the customers’ everyday life. Befitting to their aim, these characteristics can also support the feeling of confidence. There are future plans to create more color capsules to keep both the brand and wearers in an emotional equilibrium. This launch is partially used to spread awareness about California fires with 10% of proceeds from the Scarlet Knorts collection being donated to fire aid services.  Shop the new collection here    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   As I walk in the flagship Messika store, I’m greeted with smiles, macarons and diamonds. Immediately I felt that I had entered a world of femininity and style. The pieces are beautiful and delicate, yet powerful. Messika is an iconic jewelry brand worn by celebrities like  Rhianna, Penelope Cruz, and even Serena Williams during her training session. Valerie Messika, founder of the brand, created the trend of “everyday diamonds.” Much of Valérie’s inspiration comes from art, playing with a Calder sculpture in her father's office, absorbing from his collection various details of line, movement, color, composition, which have shaped her overall sense of form and proportion. I got the opportunity to chat with Valarie and try on some of the most gorgeous pieces of jewelry I’ve ever seen.  Why did you choose LA for your flagship store?  We are a family business so we are very intuitive and organic on how we do our business. We met a partner here in Los Angeles called Westime. They are very strong in the jewelry and watch industry. They work with Richard Mille and Audemars Piguet. They are also strong with red carpets in Hollywood so we decided it would be a good idea to open our first flagship store here. What do you hope the new store will bring to the brand?  I’m so excited because I can smell that the Americans in this area love jewelry. But they want something easy to wear, cool and light. This is the Messika philosophy; bringing a coolness to wearing jewelry that is very fine and delicate.  The workmanship and quality of the diamond is the top, but it’s cool. You can enjoy it and wear it everyday or on a big occasion. You can mix it with a casual or sophisticated style.  What was it like having Kate Moss as a muse? The moment I launched my brand 15 years ago I knew she was my muse and inspiration. She's really iconic for me. She embodies femininity, fashion and style. When I launched my brand and the philosophy I wanted to break the traditional code of jewelry. It was made for big occasions, but I wanted to make it apart of fashion and style. That’s why women like Kate Moss are so strong for me.   How would you explain the woman in the street wearing Messika?  The strength of Messika is that the women wearing it range from 18 to 70 years old. I love when I see different types of women wearing it with different styles. It’s not that we are putting a logo on the woman. We can see the personality and the style they embody with the pieces. It’s not about how rich or strong you are. It’s about the feeling and attitude that you have with your own style. It gives you self-confidence.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On Wednesday we celebrated Benetton’s new pop up shop in Santa Monica with prosecco and polaroids. Benetton Group is one of the best-known fashion companies in the world with a network of about 5,000 stores and a headquarters in Ponzano Veneto. The brand is known for its bright colors, the revolution of the retail outlet, and their unique sales network.  The new collections embody both the old and the new, featuring an exciting fusion of its classic colorful style with its newer streetwear-inspired elements. The artistic direction of Jean-Charles de Castelbajac, who is known for his iconic teddy bear coat worn by Madonna and portraits of Andy Warhol, shines through the recent collections. He recently united with the Benetton Group earlier this year, which was announced at Milan Fashion Week. He announced backstage that “The DNA of Benetton and mine have many similarities…this meeting between us is happening at the right moment, too, because this idea that desirable things can be of good quality and be affordable to many people is very interesting now…Benetton has been sleeping a little bit. But it has all this sleeping potential. And its base is very strong.”  Bring some color into your life and visit the pop up open from October 25 through November 24th!  Santa Monica Place Floor 1  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Courtesy Hublot With Halloween around the corner, Hublot stirred the cauldron to create a sapphire and emerald green Big Bang MP-11 watch. To give it its unique shade of green (not quite emerald and not quite sapphire), they used a material that has never been used in a watchcase. The material is called SAXEM, which is short for sapphire aluminum oxide and rare earth material. It is a mixture of aluminum oxide (the basic component of sapphire) with rare-earth elements like thulium and holmium.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   KAIMIN is the raising utopian brand initiating the posterity of attire. With a foundation of innovation and inclusivity, the namesake designer may well be sent from the future— sent back a couple of hundred years to propel the industry forward. Harnessing the power of the digital space, and the resourcefulness of sustainability, KAIMIN crafts intergalactic garments with a cunning dose of raunchiness. In a recent interview, Flaunt spoke with the avant-garde designer to discuss the evolution of the label, cyberspace, and the forecast of tech-induced fashion.  Tell us about the creation of the brand with your business partner Dmitri Pchelintsev. My initial foray into clothing design came in 2014 with the Zero Zero Vol. 02 project – a multi-sensory, high-tech video popup exhibition with an installation by Snarkitecture, which I was the protagonist of and also directed alongside stylist Nicola Formichetti and photographer Miles Aldridge. We had the honor of presenting the Vol. 02 book at my beloved Paris store, Colette. As part of that project, I created a stand-alone clothing capsule for the female character, and a very prominent singer ended up wearing some of my pieces in her music video. I felt compelled to create a full collection, and my very good friend Dmitri, who helped produce that very pivotal Zero Zero project, really believed in me as a designer, so we formed the KAIMIN label together in 2016. Dmitri is a creative marketer and business operator who happens to have a very strong background in finance, having spent many years at some of Wall Street's premier institutions investing in renewables, green-tech, and sustainability. Having helped grow several tech-enabled startups, he now oversees all of KAIMIN's business strategy and operations, while leading our expansion as a digitally-native brand, including the recent launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line.  How have innovation and inclusivity played essential roles in the brand? Innovation and inclusivity go hand-in-hand for me, as tolerance for new and crossover ideas breeds progress. KAIMIN leans heavily on technology in everything we do, and aesthetically we work with all types of creatives, communities, and personalities because anyone can uncover something new and beautiful, irrespective of age, race, and gender.  Besides using innovative materials, production techniques, and data analytics, the brand benefits from social media's global reach and the unprecedented direct access to talent that it affords. The Internet is a boundless creative nursery of young innovators that come from all different realms, including art, fashion, music – we love and fully utilize this cross-functionality. I grew up an outlier in a homogeneous society, so I feel my clothes have to speak to things beyond style and promote ideals that are important to me, including social and economic inclusivity, as I feel everyone deserves a voice. In addition to connecting through unrestrained creativity, I try to make items that are more accessible, including from an economic standpoint, and which still adhere to my design and high-quality philosophy – we launched SLFF KAIMIN exactly for this. What facets of New York's underground scene make appearances in your garments? The New York underground scene has this alluring aura of the forbidden, with sexier and darker undertones and the sense of a risque adventure that is addicting. During our SS20 show, for instance, we contrasted the primarily bright and colorful collection with a very dark and sexy setting, aiming for the set design to evoke a feeling of an underground party with red backlighting and a minimal, heavy electronic soundtrack. NYC subculture is edgy, extremely diverse, and creative and demonstrates some of the greatest social acceptance anywhere in the world, which really allows me to meld it with high fashion in a fun way. I love working with established as well as cool new, up-and-coming artists and personalities that grew up in this environment— I draw a lot of inspiration here for my design, music, lifestyle, and the overall direction for KAIMIN. The digital world is a key influence to the brand, hence your Fall/ Winter 2019 collection, "2081: CYBER-ORDINARY". What were your main inspirations and references for that season? Our Fall/ Winter 2019 collection explored archetypes of future beauty and was heavily influenced by such films as Blade Runner and Ex-Machina, specifically their protagonists – androids and cyborgs. I'm a total believer in the eventual symbiosis of man and machine.  In large part, that collection was about defeating the mundane and exploring and strengthening that which sets one apart, no matter the era. If today's fever pitch around privacy, sexual correctness, censorship, etc. ever leads to a dystopian control of self-expression, I'd want my clothes to declare: "when the extraordinary is outlawed, only the outlaws will be extraordinary." What's your view on cyberspace and it's distraction from the real world? I think we're in uncharted waters, and we won't be able to properly assess how good or bad this "distraction" from the real world is for a while, if ever. The cyber is already the real. There are definitely multiple ways to look at this, and it's certainly also a generational thing— just look at the debate around "screen time" for kids among young parents and scientists and the interesting arguments presented by media proponents, including Gary Vaynerchuk. All I know is that this is the manifestation of human progress, and there's no way back regardless, but to me, the benefits outweigh the potential hazards. We are now superbly equipped for improved communication and increased input – although, where the quality of consumed content, general overexposure, and the "3-second" wars are going is a different question.  For KAIMIN, Elon Musk's Neuralink can't arrive fast enough! What were your conceptions involving the recent Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, "INTROSPECTIVE PRISM"? This season, our main collection shared the runway with the launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line, which celebrates self-confidence and self-expression. The overall creative direction was influenced by the sub-conscience theories of Sigmund Freud and films like Annihilation, aiming to expose inner fears to release suppressed identity and desires— literal empowerment through self-discovery.  The collection explores two distinct notions for evolution of human form – through technology and through biological mutation. From the outside, the driver is mechanical – artificial furthering of self via machine. From the inside, the driver is bio-spiritual-- the natural furthering of self via selective mutation of flesh and mind— a physical metamorphosis through the unrestrained self. This season's motto is: "Introspective Prism – Refract all versions of self, Mutate desire and identity, Evolve in spirit and form." With our current climate reality, how do you plan to focus the brand on a more sustainable level? Being on the cutting edge is important to us to both achieve a futuristic design and to help push progress, validating applications of new technologies. We always keep an eye on the new tech that has shown promise in helping to lower the environmental impact of manufacturing, and we try to do our part by using many recycled, sustainable, and organic materials, including Better Cotton Initiative fabrics in our SLFF KAIMIN denim line. As we grow, we will continue to place greater emphasis on better production practices, safer materials, and less waste. Explain some of the laser cutting, production techniques, and 3-D print experiments that are implemented throughout your garment construction process. KAIMIN utilizes quite a bit of technology for manufacturing, content production, and branding, including 3D printing, laser cutting, digital art, AR/VR, motion tracking, etc. and we always seek to emphasize our future-forward thinking in our designs. For garment construction, we use some techniques because they create unexpected and groundbreaking visual results, while other methods actually make sense from a time and capital-intensity perspective.  We're pushing the brand's tech boundaries with the "Stratasys x KAIMIN" 3D-Print Denim Capsule Collection— the first time ever an industrial-quality 3D geometry is printed directly onto denim. We designed the intricate CGI geometry, multi-depth opacity, and colormap in collaboration with Fitchwork to make the final print. Stratasys are pioneers in the additive manufacturing space and have some of the most advanced 3D printing technology in the industry, accompanied by an inherent desire to experiment and come up with something new and cool. They wish to make everyday life better by bringing 3D printing technology to a greater part of the world faster and disrupting the fashion realm is quite big on the radar of Stratasys global creative director, Naomi Kaempfer— so what better way to help assimilate and democratize the tech for clothing than with one of the most common garments, jeans! How do you envision the future of fashion norms? I'd like to think that the future will bring abundance and innovation not just in the material sense but also in our culture and thinking, where humans will finally reach total equilibrium with nature, and each other— no prejudices— and KAIMIN clothing is but one way to represent this future. Like everything else in our society, fashion will continue to be transformed by technology, faster and more accessible information transfer, and diverse global audiences. This, of course, means a lot will change in fashion's tangible areas, like materials with never-before-imagined physical properties, more efficient production techniques, the continued proliferation of smart garments, and increased expectations of what clothing should do for the body and mind. But, to me, the most interesting changes are already occurring on the more intangible, creative side. People's unprecedented ability to communicate who they are has opened up new frontiers. In only a few years, social media exposed how varied yet similar and interconnected different cultures' tastes are, and how people of all walks of life can become influential by traversing these different planes. Being skilled in multiple areas has become the norm for many young creatives today, and this 'polymathism' affects fashion a lot. There are so many cross-functional innovators out there, and fashion definitely benefits from this, becoming more interesting and multifaceted.  What's next for KAIMIN? KAIMIN's mission is to keep innovating ourselves and keep collaborating with people that push the boundaries across the various artistic disciplines and product segments. We want to be more cross-functional and would love to do more than just fashion, even if it's in a more non-permanent format like seasonal collaborations. I wish to meet and inspire more people and to learn from them so we can all come up with a never-before-seen symbiosis of unlikely fields that not only is cool but also could change lives for the better and bring signature KAIMIN flavor to people in more than one way. With that said, I hope to continue building our artistic community and form a creative confluence platform – a culture nebula for local and global artists – to support innovation. To that end, we have already established an endowment fund some time ago, via our Zero Zero Project initiative, which periodically disperses funds to help finance targeted projects. And in that same vein, KAIMIN presented the SS20 show in collaboration with Studio 525, an iconic exhibition & event space housed in the former Andrea Rosen Art Gallery in Chelsea, as the inaugural project for Studio 525 Art Accelerator, which has a very similar vision to ours and aims to provide a physical place for work and showcases to artists and the creative community in general. Produced by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: : Franco Velastiqui Art Direction by: Delfina Pia Rey Styling by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Kevin Cheah Model: Cassie Priestley at Next Models. Styling assistance by: Sabrina Aguirre and Mila Sanguinetti  Credits: FW19 KAIMIN clothing, and GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI heels. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. MAX MARA dress, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. VERSACE dress, earrings, and rings and AGENT PROVOCATEUR underwear. ETRO dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, B-LOW THE BELT belt, and NANCY NEWBERG earrings. HALPERN dress, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring, and ERINESS ring. MAX MARA sweater and dress, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. PREEN BY THORNTON BREGAZZI dress, B-LOW THE BELT belt and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings. ALESSANDRA RICH dress and necklace and MIU MIU earrings all available at MatchesFashion.com, and NANCY NEWBERG rings. AGENT PROVOCATEUR slip dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace and ring, ALINA ABEGG earrings, and STATE PROPERTY pearl ring. ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER dress and scarf, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings and ring. PALOMO SPAIN jacket available at Please Do Not Enter, LA, ALINA ABEGG ring, and MISHO earring. Photographer: Vince M. Aung.  Model: Inga Dezhina. Stylist: Mui-Hai Chu.  Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co. & Oribe Hair Care at Nest Artists.  Makeup: Natasha Severino using NARS Cosmetics at Forward Artists.  Production, Photo, and Styling Assistant: Corrine Ciani Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Being Sustainably responsible in 2019 now means making some changes with how designers are choosing their resources. The female founders behind 42|54 and long time friends Elodie Ouedraogo and Olivia Borlee are both Belgian Gold metal athletes, and now business partners who strongly believe in that type of fashionably responsible involvement. It took them two a clean 42.54 seconds to win a Silver Medal at the Olympic Games in Beijing 2008. That Silver medal turned into Gold, when the winning team was disqualified due to a failed drug test. It was abundantly clear that dirty athletes have no place in sports. That’s when the Gold medalists decided they wanted to make a change. “Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes!” The contemporary active label launched its first 100% sustainable FW19 capsule collection  made of plastic bottles and recycled ocean waste. They believe that great design should also be sustainable. The brand teamed up with renowned textile companies who propose fabrics made from a fiber called SEAQUAL and NEWLIFE recycled from ocean plastics to create the new high-end "made from waste" active wear line that asserts the modern streetwear appeal.  The founders make a conscious effort to be an honest and transparent brand, by largely working with local manufacturers and suppliers.  Elodie and Olivia’s next steps will also be 100% sustainable using organic yarns working with GOTS (Global Organic Textile Standards) certified factories, hang tags produced with recycled paper along with recycled fabrics developed with fibers using the oceans waste and plastic bottles. They both are devoted to giving a second life to stock and leftover fabrics from previous productions along with biodegradable packaging. The The fashion-forward duo provide advanced functionality while calling themselves a "100% sustainable company in the way we work, produce, and live." Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. What was your biggest fear about starting your own line? We believe there are a lot of similarities between the world of sports and fashion. It is about being fearless,  following the process put in place while listening to your gut feeling at the same time to achieve the absolute best. It is about taking a leap of faith in yourself, your partner and your idea. For us creating an activewear collection that was high-end, transcendent  and made in honest and transparent conditions Felt like a void that needed to be filled within our community. There was a clear vision, which was bring some fun and fashion back into the world of sports without ignoring the functional and technical side of the garments. When we decided to launch 42|54, a reference to our winning time during the 2008 Olympics, we didn't really think about it as we both love a great challenge. We just jumped, head first.  There was a lack of experience. (We had both been guest designers for other brands, but came quickly to the realization that this doesn't even come close to owning and managing a brand.)  With that lack of real experience sometimes came also the fear of not being taken seriously. In the beginning we went probably over prepared into ever meeting we had. Not only out of respect for the person sitting in front of us, but also because we wanted to show that we were serious about entrepreneurship.  That we understood that there are no shortcuts to success Initially we also didn't communicate a lot about our backstory either. We didn't want to be perceived as two women who were the faces of the brand, while having an entire team waiting in the back to do the real and hard work. From the beginning we sourced every fabric, button, zipper, label or elastic band you'll find in our collection. Through (sometimes) expensive mistakes and failure we learned a lot. And today we are an authentic brand and a viable business because of it. Aside from the activewear, what other sustainable efforts are being practiced within your company? 42|54 has always been mindful of how and where we produce. After having represented our country in the best way possible in sports it only seemed logical to carry out the strong identity and values that Belgium has created with 'The Antwerp Six' in the world of fashion. We worked a lot with local suppliers. This put our brand already at a 50% of sustainability, solely based on the business decisions we made from the very beginning. Last year we were able to evolve in our sustainable journey by replacing already locally created fabrics by sustainable ones. We also adapted our online service by working with Repack. Repack is a company that offers reusable bags. For every bag clients return to us after their purchase, they receive a small discount. We on the other hand can recover the packaging for a new customer. Additionally we switched to biodegradable labels, we don't use plastic bottles in the office and work with a cleaning company that only uses natural and biological cleaning products. All the employees who live in Brussels, where we are based, walk or take their bike to work.  What was the moment or person that inspired you to produce your own line? We have always looked up to and been inspired by strong female athletes and more so in the 80's and 90's. These were absolute fun times where athletes didn't only stand out with their extraordinary performances, but also by the way the dressed on the field. Women like Florence Griffith and Jackie Joyner-Kersee wore leotards, belted bodysuits, one-legged  and lace leggings. They highlighted their personalities with exciting, daring activewear.  But of course we don't have to look too far. We are surrounded by strong women. Our mothers, sisters, friends and colleagues. 42I54 is built by women, who work very hard every day to create the best possible collection for women. Our sustainable mission on the other hand comes from a very personal experience.  We initially won a silver medal during the Olympic Games in 2008. Eight years later that silver eventually turned into gold when that winning team was disqualified due to substance abuse discovered during a large series of retesting.  This had a major impact on the on athletes worldwide. And while many of us became strong advocates for clean, drug free sports we are less outspoken when it comes to clothes we wear while performing. We felt this too has to change.  Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes.  Sportswear made in honest conditions and without the environmental strain it has today. We can no longer only applaud recognition and financial gain while wearing our low cost shirts. Because someone, somewhere is suffering because of it. Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Just for fun, what are your zodiac signs? Aries and Pisces What are you wanting to accomplish in 2020 with 42|54? It has always been our goal to become the brand that serves as today’s personal survival-kit and Wonder Woman cape all wrapped into one fashion-forward label for all women. 42|54 is for the young women we help through our 'Athlete Ambassador Program'. By supporting them with well made performance gear, we support their dreams of one day becoming professional athletes. Often big brands want to see results first and will later support in anyway possible. We believe talent need’s to be nurtured when  personal budgets are insignificant or non-existent. Today we are proud to announce that 3 women from our ambassadors program will participate in next year’s Olympic and Paralympic Games. We are most definitely also the go-to brand for women who like to have something that is different. Today many women try and balance a career, family and personal time. Finding an outfit that accommodates that lifestyle can be quite the search. The idea to have a legging that has the advanced functionality you'd expect from activewear, yet the high-end look and feel that makes it chic enough to wear outside the gym is very appealing to a lot of women. A winning combination we can offer to our women as we can pull from our own experience and expertise. On top of the need to be unique or different, women want to be informed on what they are putting both in and on their bodies today. Furthermore we would like to continue to develop our sustainable journey and dress as many great women in the US as we possibly can.  We had the opportunity to visit LA recently and it is inspiring to see how a city has succeeded into merging sports into the everyday life. It embodies the definition of an 'active lifestyle'. What were your childhood ambitions? Elodie: I always wanted to be a hairdresser or own my own cafe. That was until I realized that being a bar owner entails more than just serving great coffee. Olivia: I wanted to be a florist. I think I have always been inspired by beauty and making beautiful things. In what place are you the happiest? Most productive? The school of Sports is a great one to graduate from. Being professional athletes has taught us many life lessons. It teaches you to be independent,  winning, losing and how to persevere. Through our careers as professional athletes we have had the privilege of seeing a part of the world and experiencing different cultures and people. We are very appreciative that to this day we get to travel for work from time to time and see our designs come to life in our factory. Funnily enough, the traveling in the past also taught us the importance of home. And how it remains the happiest place for us. It is also where we get most creative. Before we were able to rent our own office space we used to work out of the kitchen. Today we still come up with the best ideas when we are surrounded by the feeling of familiarity. So thank God for WhatsApp these days. How do you live a sustainable life outside of the company? It is important to stress that we are by no means green warriors or examples of how to live a sustainable life. But we 100% get the message and understand the urge to react today. We all have different battles to fight in life but we are convinced that with little effort we can already make  a big difference. A few changes that we have made:  -no to fast fashion; buying less clothes and smarter -no more plastic bottles and additionally be more mindful of the use of plastic in general -buying fresh and seasonal fruit and vegetables instead of pre-packed food,  -reusing the same bag instead of buying a new one for groceries,  -sort trash -the use of natural cosmetics -leave our cars in the garage if not needed  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Published for the first time and celebrating 50 years since the works were created, ‘DESIRE’ by Lloyd Ziff documents New York City in the late 1960s. Ziff’s work captures a New York teeming with fantasy and rebellion. The book tells a story of cultural resistance through Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe.  ‘DESIRE’ was the first photo shoot that Patti and Robert had together. The two of them were photographed in their Hall Street Space in Brooklyn in 1968 and in Ziff’s small apartment in the heart of Greenwich Village in 1969. The book features 65 previously unpublished works including street photographs, original contact sheets, and notes that form the history around 1960s New York and the lives of these two iconic figures. The intimacy between the two paints a picture of the city at this time, pushing their icon status aside to view the city with a more personal lens. 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff “I myself never felt comfortable doing anything with the pictures. Then in 2009 Patti phoned and asked me for permission to publish two of the Hall Street portraits in JUST KIDS, the first portraits of them together she noted. 41 years had passed. . . Robert and Patti had become legendary. Robert and I had remained friends until he died in 1989, and I had enjoyed commissioning and publishing photographs of his when I was the Design Director of House & Garden, Vanity Fair, and Condé Nast Traveler in the ’80s. Now it’s been 50+ years since I happened to see Robert and Patti crossing the street near their place in Brooklyn. The photographs we shot then are, as are all photographs, documents of a particular moment in time. They have also become documents of a time when two of America’s most important artists were very young, very beautiful, and very ambitious. It amazes me to share those moments from so long ago today.” – Lloyd Ziff, 2019 100 “Strictly Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff, with a “Limited Edition” signed and numbered C-Type print. 500 “Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff. Available now Photos courtesy of Lloyd Ziff and Avenue Communications  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker. HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  FALGUNI SHANE PEACOCK bodysuit, HARDEMAN chaps, BUSTED BRAND gloves, PLANET I sunglasses, and MELODY EHSANI earrings and DALMATA choker. It’s been just over a year since Doja Cat’s “Mooo!” swept the screens of millions across the globe. And unless you’ve been living under a rock, the American singer, rapper and producer begs no further introduction. With that said, in case you have in fact been dwelling beneath stone, then you should know that the future of music is Doja’s for the taking. With her 2018 claim-to-fame music video sitting atop 50M views on YouTube, and her most recent visual release for “Juicy,” featuring Tyga, breaking 20M in two weeks, the musician’s growth is unshakeable, having cemented her place through sweet sonics and visuals that pack a punch. As she so bluntly claims over the phone from her apartment in Los Angeles, “It’s only the beginning. I feel like I really know who I am and what I’m doing with my next project.” The bovine-style music video released last August would eventually flourish into a viral meme. “I didn’t mean for ‘Mooo!’ to get as big as it did,” she admits. “I had more serious music to put out, I’d been working on so much other stuff, but once I put the cow costume on, I had to do it. It was the only way I could get it out of my head,” she explains. Within days of the abrupt upload to YouTube, the video had racked millions of views. The dairy dreamscape was by no means Doja’s introduction to the music industry. In fact, she had been signed to RCA Records since 2014, after the successful release of her debut single, “So High.” From there, she followed up with several tracks, including “Go To Town,” off of her debut studio album in 2018. “Before ‘Mooo!,’ we hadn’t really gotten any viral hits, or had any hits, period. We were doing okay, but things weren’t at their fullest potential. That was the most significant part about ‘Mooo!’ going where it did—it allowed all my other work to have a foundation and have a pull.” Taking a moment to consider the past whirlwind year, she reasons, “Since ‘Mooo!’ blew up, it’s been kind of non-stop. I don’t know if it’s really allowed me to reflect, but I feel like I’ve refined my style and refined who I am. I kind of have to have the spotlight on me.” MATT SARAFA coat and GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses. MATT SARAFA coat, ABODI bodysuit and boots, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and NOÄ earrings. The spotlight she speaks of shines focused and fixed, with no intention of moving elsewhere, but as a consistent subject of such recognition, Doja Cat has experienced two sides to the coin that is internet fame. Since its inception, the Internet has proven an untamable beast, and the environment it has bred has developed twice as feral. Through public domains like Tumblr to TikTok, and YouTube to Twitter, a vast stretch of subcultures and trends have been cultivated. On opposite poles of this digital sphere, there stands viral fame and cancel culture. It’s no secret that the musician has faced multiple controversies regarding comments she’s made online, and it’s even less of a secret that the public is quick to mobilize on social media. After old tweets resurfaced of the artist using derogatory terms towards other rappers, a rallied audience of critics made it its mission to take her down. Admittedly hurt by some of the criticisms, she reasons, “I’m not invincible, I do get hurt by some comments. I’m not superhuman.” Immediately requiting, she follows up with, “But being raised on the Internet gives me the ability to know how to deal with negativity most of the time.” Then, at once in a final stride, she claims of her presence online, “It’s just a small portion of my life.” And just like that, if we’ve learned anything in 2019, it’s that you can’t cancel Doja Cat. HARDEMAN top, thong, and hat, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and DALMATA necklace. Fresh off the release of a new music video with LunchMoney Lewis for “Make That Cake,” while still riding the success of “Juicy,” she’s traveling cross country for performances and appearances on a weekly basis. In the age of virality, such sustainability is impressive. That said, she’s in no way the first artist to have a viral hit catapult their work to an unfamiliar stratosphere of celebrity, and certainly not the last. We’ve seen fellow musical phenoms like Mason Ramsey and Megan Thee Stallion reap the benefits of a trending tweet and hashtag or two. Could it just be that we’re experiencing the dawning of a new age in music? An educated guess would reason, yes. With democratized media-sharing platforms like Spotify and SoundCloud, there’s been an inevitable boom in bedroom pop-stardom. Not only that, but with the increasing irrelevance of labels across younger generations, classification proves less important in not only topics of gender, but music, too. Lines blur across styles nowadays, with artists coloring the outsides more than ever. In attempts to maintain order through categorical standards, we see the term “Alternative” tacked onto the classic genres we’ve come to know. I LOVE PRETTY skirt. I LOVE PRETTY skirt and BUFFALO LONDON shoes. Prompted to describe her forthcoming record, Hot Pink, in three words, she replies with little to no hesitation: “Too. Many. Genres.” Declining a subscription to any one breed of song, the response points to her exploration of sound, a progression of her euphony, and the future of music. “My last record is a lot different from this one because I didn’t understand what it was to be in the studio and in an environment where there’s a bunch of musical equipment,” Doja shares, candidly. “I was young, I was a teenager and I really didn’t know who I was. My character wasn’t really shining the way it does now. I can tell you Hot Pink is one of the best things I’ve done, the best project I will have ever released.” Then, implored to divulge more about the release in detail, she retracts to the previously implemented three-word limit: “Super, duper, mystery.” So while Doja—who won the world over with an onomatopoeia in 2018—makes a favorable case for the future of music today, her own music remains as ambiguous as it does full of promise. Photographed by: Julian Buchan.  Styled by: Katie Qian.  Hair: Frankie Payne using Oribe at Opus Beauty.  Makeup: Jadyn Ngo using Surratt Beauty and Artisbrush.com at The Visionaries. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj Photos by Steven Klein Think metallic, high-end glamour with a neon pink accent. Think barbie doll in outer-space. This iconic FENDI and Nicki Minaj collaboration is the perfect combination of bold yet sophisticated.  Teaming up with Silvia Venturini Fendi, the duo created the next chapter of the FF Series with a line for women’s, men’s and kids: FENDI Prints On. Nicki is known for her body-hugging clothing and most of the line is just that, but she beautifully contrasts it with leisurewear and classy pieces. With the FF logo covering the majority of the print, this line is nothing but eye-catching.  They took staple pieces that everyone needs in their wardrobe and added their own flare to it such as:  tulle dresses, reversible puffer coats, asymmetric body-con dresses, raincoats with leather sleeves, silver tracksuits, bomber jackets with knitted sleeves and metallic windbreakers.  This collection would not be complete without some daring accessories, and that is exactly what they have provided us. They have everything from sequined bags and fanny packs to customized snow boots and wedge trainers. These accessories will take any outfit to the next level.  They went above and beyond and created a collection that embodied Nicki’s personality along with high-end fashion and street style.  The FENDI Prints On capsule collection will be sold in 52 FENDI boutiques worldwide and on fendi.com from October 14th.  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj   Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj                    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   69 shirt, JEAN PAUL KNOTT pants available at Please Do Not Enter, and NIKE shoes.   Brooklyn born and LA based producer and artist, Kingdom, is bringing back is clubby and unique dance music to the industry. With two new EPs, the first one called “EXTERRA, Vol. 1,” on the way and an album coming in 2020, he is back in the realm of dance music, but keeping true to his innovative style.  All the way from the east coast, Kingdom was booked to perform in LA in the early 2000s, which gave him a foot in the door to the west coast’s music scene. From here, he has continued to expand his musical capacity and does not abide by genres or any type of limitation; with experimental taste and a desire to create, he strives to generate music that he loves and that the audience can appreciate/value.  He was kind enough to join me for a phone interview in which I asked many questions, hoping to find out more about him as a person and his career.  I know that Nacho Nava kind of helped bring you to LA, how did he influence you? I was DJing a lot in New York, but he was the first person to put me on a flight and bring me to the west coast to DJ. I think that the influence he really has is that he was putting people on like me who didn’t have any other shows or have a lot of hype or a lot of press or anything like that. He really just believed in the new talent and was always just so generous with that regardless of how well the show did or anything like that. It was really just like he was excited to put people on and it never seemed like it was something he was doing for his own to serve his own interest. It really was something he was doing for the community in LA. Specifically, influential in creating a really special scene on the eastside of LA. I think most people will associate like the gay scene with the west side, West Hollywood scene, which is so specific and there really wasn’t much going on on the eastside maybe a couple bars, but he was the first to create a really vibrant night life scene that involved art and dance and all different kinds of Djs of all different races, but also it wasn’t just a community vibe, it was also like he was bringing really really good music and reall really amazing performers, so it also drew in just from straight people music fans who knew that Mustache would have more edgy stuff, so it wasn’t just creating an alternative it was also just about quality. He had such a good eye for innovative stuff.  FENG CHEN WANG jacket available at Please Do Not Enter and ALLIGATOR JESUS bracelet. What was it like working with Nacho Nava cause I know you guys were working on a Netflix show together. Working with him was always a pleasure. He was always just so sweet so generous and he was just a great figure and really supportive of my label and my parties too. He would always, without me even asking, support a face of mine or event that I was doing that had nothing to do with Mustache. He was always so sweet. More recently, that’s actually kind of why the music video is dedicated to Nacho because basically I met the video director through Nacho. Nacho put us together in a conference call and basically we started talking and they had planned to bring some type of documentary for Netflix about kind of the more alternative more POC side of LA nightlife, specifically gay nightlife and queer nightlife. It was really just in the early stages of talk. We really didn’t get it off the ground, but Shahana, the director, was gonna obviously be on the director’s side and working on the shots and the camera stuff and all that. They wanted me to come in and add music to it, but essentially throw in some different raves and help bring in music so that we could create some events to film because there’s not, sadly there’s not a lot of footage of a lot of the old Mustache parties. They’re relatively undocumented, so that was the idea, but I think when he passed Shahana felt like it didnt’t make sense to pursue it still. It really was Nacho’s project. It was really just a conversation, but even just that concept was inspirational and meeting the director is kind of what spawned us to create the music video together in honor of him.  It seems like Nacho has been really influential to kind of your start here in LA and the music scene, but has he influenced your work at all kind of like maybe the beats you decide to use or the music has he influenced any of it? Since he’s not a musician or DJ himself I wouldn’t say it’s a direct influence on the actual sound. I’d say he’s more of an influence when it comes to throwing parties and bringing people together in the community and just showing people kindness and more of the things I spoke about a moment ago. Just about the social element of music more than the sound exactly, but I know the sound he likes and I think he had an appreciation for the sounds I work with.  MEALS shirt and pants. How does it feel to be in the genre again? It feels really good. I feel like with my last album Tears in the Club I was in a very kind of like atmospheric moody RnB space and ever since that album came out I’ve been doing more vocal production, working with singers, and I worked really hard launching the new singer that signed to Fade to Mind called Semma, so I’ve been really in that zone of creating something for vocalists and when I’m doing that I sometimes put aside exactly the Kingdom sound and I’m trying to create a universe for the singer that gives them a unique identity. It’s just a totally different assignment. It’s a different thing and it’s a different lifestyle too. It’s a lot of hours spent helping singers songwrite and it definitely tested my patience a lot of the time because I’ve spent quite a bit of time with several vocalists making demos for their projects and singers make hundreds of demos to test their project. A lot of time your beat doesn’t get picked or they go in a different direction or sometimes the vocalist is just caught up in other stuff and they don’t even release something. I might have been so in that world, so it was really refreshing to just kind of stop accepting bookings to do vocal sessions and I think it was kind of a reaction to doing all those vocal sessions that made me really want to just get back into my more ravey, clubby, housey references and it’s kind of also where I started. My first release ever, “Mind Reader,” was very kind of hard, weird, dance stuff, so I’m kind of going back and starting from scratch and starting from the beginning again and it just feels really good. I’m just excited to put stuff that’s more high energy and I’m DJing a lot right now, so it’s exciting to just play things that I can blend and just be kind of weird again cause I think working with vocalists it’s a lot more compromises, a lot more catering to them.  Do you have any inspirations for creating music, like are there any other artists that you look towards to or does everything just come from within? There’s definitely artists I look up to. Sometimes I freeze with the question because there’s so many that I have. I would have to say Rod Lee, Terror Danjah, and Darkchild. YOSHIO KUBO jacket and stylist’s own glasses. Would you ever mix different genres together like if you did RnB and dance music? Or is that something that you’ve already ventured into before?   Even though I do make some fully RnB sounding stuff, I kind of think that’s really what I’m known for even though the new stuff is pretty clubby, but I think you can still hear these little shreds of like the vocal stuff, the vocal samples. I think that RnB element is always there. That’s pretty much my mission, either I’m weaving back and forth or I’m weaving them together just kind of RnB sound with the club sound. For the next volume, I’m making another volume of the EXTERRA series and that one’s either gonna have more of the vocal stuff in it and I’m also working on my next album. I’ve got a lot of homework right now. I’m bringing in more vocal stuff as it progresses from my EP to my next album.  In regards to the vocal production, is there anything you look for in an artist when you want them to be on one of your songs? I love weird vocal textures. I just love when someone has a baby voice or has a strange croaky texture or has certain types of node that they like to hit. Just something that sets it apart because there’s so many people that sound so similar. And someone who’s not afraid of intense rhythm cause I think a lot of singers come from the studio wanting a really simple beat or something that sounds like their favorite, you know, Ella Mai song or like H.E.R. song or maybe a Corella song they heard or something, so I think someone who is down to get experimental and doesn’t mind sampling their voice. I’m especially also just addicted to high voices. I love falsetto. I’m known for working with women, which is my favorite working with female vocals. If I’m working with a guy he definitely has to be able to channel his feminine side. I don’t really like to work with men who wanna sing about the macho shit on the mic like I’m way more into men who are singing. you know explore both sides  MEALS jacket and pants. Do you have a certain process of producing or like how do you kind of create your songs? I’ve always been a drummer, so I feel like when I’m on my own making beats I always start with drums and just playing with different drum sounds and I finally, after years of not doing it, started to create my own drum kits and drum packs, so I have my own custom samples that I’m playing around with. When it comes to singers usually they’ll just freestyle over an existing beat. With Sema, the artist I recently signed to my label, she was one of the first people that I really just improvised with and sometimes she would just come in and she would start singing something first, so that’s a totally different process like kind of working in reverse and working from what her voice is doing.  Do you have any stories of the first time you met MikeQ or Ms. Boogie? This new EP I just put out, EXTERRA, Vol. 1, is kind of a throwback to the beginning of my career in many ways. One of them being that I’m returning to dance music and making just like much clubbier, harder material than I’ve made in a long time, but it also actually has two collaborations with artists that I’ve known for I think over a decade. Me and MikeQ and Shane Oliver from Hood by Air were the three Djs who got booked to DJ this artist named Reshaw Newsom. He had a party for one of his art openings. I had actually been a fan of Mike from MySpace and his website for years already and when I finally met him I just completely fanned out and got to play a track. My set was pretty much like MikeQ and Ivana Lore who’s like another ballroom legend. I basically played all super hard underground ballroom voguing music. I don’t think that Mike was expecting that from me necessarily and actually Mike went out on the dance floor and started voguing and he’s not a voguer, he’s a DJ. He rarely ever actually hits the dance floor and vogue. That was back when we Dj’d on CD so that night me and him like traded CDs and he gave me his CDs from his like case logic and I gave him CDs from mine. Ever since then we’ve been in touch and he’s producing music on my label as well, but he’s kind of hard to nail down and get a studio session with, so I’m just really excited to me and him having a track together 10 years later finally. My very first party that I threw on my own in NY was called “Club Vortex” and it was like in the back room of this art space, so it’s not really a venue at all and they didn’t have any security or anything and I think after the first one the word kind of got around cause you know under age kids are always looking for those very few places that they aren’t going to card, so I think word got around that there was this party happening that wasn’t carding and that was super open and fun and a few friends of mine actually showed up with Ms. Boogie at that very first party and me and her hit it off. She kind of got in a little bit of trouble that night. There was kind of like a little bit of a tussle on the dance floor and I think some wigs got pulled, but it was a pretty crazy night and that was before she was even just vocals, so it’s been amazing to see her progress into rapping and making music and I just love what she brings to the track. Saturday Kingdom performs with an Allstar roster including Bae Bae, BrownSkinHazel, Total Freedom and Uniiqu3 get tickets HERE Photographed by Alligator Jesus. Styled by Ally Nikoltchev Produced by: BJ Panda Bear Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. It was a family affair as last night UGG threw a banger to celebrate their now campaign featuring creatives in fashion and music including Slick Woods and son, Paloma and Ama Elsesser, Kim Gordon of Sonic Youth and daughter Coco Gordon Moore, Sasha and Sergio Lane, and Luka and Clark Sabbat. The event was a dazzling event paying homage to the brands California heritage.  The brand drew inspiration from the #UGGLIFE  campaign family-focused narrative highlighting the relationships and the spirit across generations that brings families together along with inspiring and challenging one another DJ’s and eyewear designers Coco & Breezy curated the events soundtrack. Staying on theme with a musical performance by SoCal local indie punk rock duo/brothers The Garden. UGG founded in 1978 by an Australian surfer originated on the coast of California. Renowned for its iconic classic UGG boot boosted by Hollywood celebs, and fashion editors around the world, the brand has extended into apparel and accessories with recent collaborations with the brands like Y/PROJECT and Eckhaus Latta. The evenings launch also featured the new range of buckle boots that also presented an exaggerated sole and a soon to be everywhere thigh grazing boot. After a dinner at the Roosevelt hotel, we caught up with the mama, muse, and all around bad ass Slick Woods to chat about #UGGLIFE.  Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Did you end up going out last night after the dinner at The Roosevelt? I’m a little exhausted but I don’t think I went out, I think went out went on me. How do you feel like UGG has fit into your life as a mother? UGG has been a big part of my life since the last campaign so we have been linking up. Do you feel like having a child has fit into life of the badass fashion creature you’ve always been known for? Yes, of course. I mean getting into motherhood and being an UGG mom has definitely been a big part of my life. You have really empowered the persona of the badass into this new creation, it’s beautiful. Of course, I had to slip into motherhood very unexpectedly. What do you see in the space between comfort and style? Well, comfort and style has always been missed together. I mean my style in very comfortable. Do you think simple comfort can be stylish? Yes, definitely, I am a little bit mixed with Tomb Raider, with a little bit of Kim Possible, and a little bit of, let’s say, Al Pacino. All together – that’s me What is one comfort faux pas you feel can never be chic? Broke shit… I don’t do broke shit. What is one comfort faux pas you feel we need to embrace more? Probably aristocratic shit. Like real rich nigga shit. I wish we did more of that. Yeah do more of that now! Do you see your son as following your footsteps in the modelling world? Hell no. My sons going to be a police officer or a fireman. And I’m gonna let him do that. Your film Goldie got great reviews. Do you see yourself getting more into film? No, the director was trash but my acting was fucking great. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   BUFFALO shoes. Make way for the newest edition to the female power movement, a DJ from Berlin who goes by Martafakka. With a background in Tech House, Funk House, Hip-Hop, RnB, and Afro House, she curates explosive beats that pulsate through the listener’s body causing them to not only feel Martafakka’s energy in her songs, but also having an almost out of body experience. As well, her expertise in mixing different genres creates a new kind of music and allows for a wide range of people to enjoy her work. Beyond her musical genius, she is an avid traveller, inspired learner, and according to her Instagram, is an animal lover as well. Take pleasure in reading the following interview with the creative genius.   BUFFALO shoes. Who would your dream collaboration be with? My favorites would be Dixon, Honey Dijon and Black Coffee What are you currently working on? And how is the process going? My main goal right now is to achieve the knowledge of producing myself. I have my roots in Hip- Hop and RnB and want to learn now more about electronic music especially tech house, funkhouse… I know that you have performed in Berlin, where would you love to perform next? I would love to perform in Ibiza, Amsterdam, London and New York. What is your favorite thing about performing and your fans? The best thing about djing is when you feel that people are getting exactly into your vibe and enjoy the party. What inspires your specific sound? I already traveled a lot in my life and I have been to many clubs where I got a lot of different vibe and music inspiration. What do you want your listeners to feel or take away from your music? The most important thing is LOVE, LOVE, LOVE and of course amazing energy! People should feel good and free while listening to my music. Its all about energy. What does your music creating process look like? I start with collecting my current favourite songs. After that it goes on with the main part; FIND MATCHING SONGS! It is my goal to combine all music genres with each other. There are no boundaries! Its kind of a process of course. Do you have a specific song that means a lot to you? What makes it special to you? It’s “Dirty Diana“ from Michael Jackson since I was a kid. It always hat something mystic about it…Who the f*** is Diana?!  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   REBECCA VALLANCE suit, ANDREA FOHRMAN earrings, and ANNA-KARIN KARLSSON sunglasses. She might not be a household name in America, yet, but Lila Iké has already taken Jamaica’s music scene by storm. Hailing from Manchester, Jamaica, she sharpened her teeth by performing at Jamnesia’s open mic on Saturday nights. The seaside venue (located in Bully Bay, about 20 minutes outside Kingston), has hosted many prominent Jamaican artists including Chronixx, Jah9, NoMaddz, and Protoje. The latter performer, Protoje, happens to be a Grammy nominated artist and his ears perked when he first heard Lila Iké’s music. He signed her as part of his collective, In.Digg.Nation.  Lila’s friendship with Protoje turned out to be the turn her music career needed. The signing thrusted her into the spotlight, where she’s performed alongside him at Jamaica’s Reggae Sumfest (basically it’s the Coachella for the country) with 30,000 heads in attendance then making her NYC debut at BRIC’s Celebrate Brooklyn! Concert. In 2017, Lila dropped her first official track, titled “Biggest Fan.” She wrote the song for her mother, whom she dubbed her “biggest fan.” The song’s release opened the floodgates for her solo career, with several other songs following suit. Earlier this summer, she performed on Protoje’s song “Not Another Word,” which acted as the biggest track she’s been apart of. After premiering on Rolling Stone, “Not Another Word” has graced Spotify playlists “Dancehall Queen,” and “Dancehall Official.”  While Lila Iké might hold the Reggae universe in the palm of her had, she’s not interested in classifying herself as a Reggae artist. She believes her music is more universal than to label inside a single genre. Flaunt spoke with the rising artist about her humble beginnings, treasured inspirations, and the meaning behind the words Lila Iké.  MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit and JIMMY CHOO shoes. I always like to know what influences an artist when they are writing and recording their songs. Who would you say are your musical influences? My favorite singer of all time is Garnett Silk. I love Toni Braxton, I really love Lauren Hill. All great artists in different genres and different types of music. But my all-time favorite is Garnett Silk. Why would they inspire you? Garnett Silk is my all-time favorite because of what he did for the music I don’t think anybody else did it. I feel like his voice, his style, he had a spiritual thing with his voice. Also, the fact that he didn’t get much time to do what I really think he wanted to do. Very powerful and very spiritual. How he was cut down so early almost makes me take up the responsibility, just make sure my music is on that level.  What’s your intention when performing your music? What are you trying to give your listeners with your talents? When I’m performing, I’m basically giving everything. With certain performers, You can identify with what they are saying. , You can see certain movements in their body, you can feel in your presence that music isn’t something they are doing to make some money. So when I’m performing I’m doing what I’m supposed to do, which is give it all Every artist has a different creative process when writing and recording music. What does your look like?  I search for inspiration, I don’t necessarily like writing with a pen and paper. When going through my everyday life, if a thought comes to me, i’ll whip out my phone and record it. Somethings I don’t record all my inspirations, but it comes upon you and for some people, it comes through like mediation or dancing or going different places. For me it’s all of the above. I like having conversations about different things. like learning as much as I can. I like listening to music, going to jam sessions.  ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER coat and boots, HALPERN turtleneck, and MISHO earrings. You’ve released four singles so far. What’s next? Is there an album or an EP on the way? Naturally, but I can’t say when. I am definitely working on new music.  We will keep our ears open! There’s a lot of musical genres, what inspired you to chose reggae? Is there a connection to the genre which drew you to it?  Personally, I don’t really associate myself with any particular genre, I feel like its a conscious thing. Like a work of poetry. I grew up in Jamaica, where there is lots of reggae. But I love reggae, it’s my favorite genre. I love spoken music, jazz, country music, reggaeton. But for me, reggae music is a part of me.  Are you still based in Jamaica? Yes. Rolling Stone premiered “Not Another World,” which features you working with Protoje and Agent Sasco. Are there any more collaborations coming up which you can tell us about? I recently did a song produced by Izzy which was released on the same day, so I haven’t been pushing it that much. That’s the most recent collaboration I’ve worked on but I’m interested in working with a lot of artists. I’d love to do a song with Chronixx and Koffee. These are things I have in my head that hopefully work out.  You recently performed at LA’s Delicious Pizza for their block party. Are there any more US shows coming up on your itinerary? Not right this minute, the next time I’m in America for a show is in Washington. My friend wants to come perform at his venue. Me, Sevana, a new artist called Jaz Elise, and another artist named Apollo. We are apart of their acoustic presentation. That’s the only thing I’m certain about. October 14th. Where did the name Lila Iké come from? What does it mean to you?  Lila, biblically was coined from my original name Alecia Grey. When I was born people would always shorten my name. They’d call me Leekee or Leelee. Once somebody called me Lila and I was very drawn to that name because I felt like a “Lila”. I made a Facebook account and used it as my Facebook name, it was “Lila Music.” And people started calling me Lila. Before I know it, everybody actually thinks my name is Lila.  Iké, I got that name from a friend of mine I met when I moved to Kingston. This guy had a Nigerian background. He grew up in Africa and said Iké is short for Ikechukwu, he told me that it meant “God is powerful” I grew up in a Christian home, my mom always went to church and believing in a higher being was always a crucial part of our everyday life. And I personally believe that there is something more beautiful and powerful than all of us here on Earth.  I wanted to appropriate this energy, which is the purest form of my music. That’s where Lila Iké came from.  It was great talking to you, is there anything you would like to add? I want people to know that it’s okay for them to be themselves, and they should go for whatever they want if they feel it in their hearts. If it brings them joy.   MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit. Photographed by Nolwen Cifuentes. Styled by Mui-Hai Chu. Hair: Darren Hau using Oribe at Opus Beauty. Makeup: Mylah Morales  at Exclusive Artists.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Autumn Hrubý is the founder of knitwear enthusiast and journal, Hesperios. The carefully crafted, sustainable collections express Hrubý’s philosophy of “quality over quantity,” with garments meant to last a lifetime. An extension of the brand is it’s dedication to classic and contemporary art, literature, and travel, which reveals itself in a biannual anthology— distributed internationally through art-and-design book stores, galleries, newsstands, and museums. This month, Hesperios released it’s third edition of the ongoing journal series, marking the celebration of both established and emerging creatives. From artists to chefs to filmmakers and poets, No.3 is packed with visual references, intellectual nuances, and personal anecdotes that will galvanize any and every reader. Flaunt spoke with Hrubý post-Journal No.3 launch to chat all things Hesperios. HESPERIOS founder, Autumn Hrubý. What’s the story behind the name of your line and literary journal, Hesperios, meaning “the evening star”?  My friend Evan Dando started calling me Hess as a nickname, short for Hesperios. At the time, Glenn O’ Brien and I were brainstorming potential names for my company to be. It was a long process, and he had several amusing options, but when I heard Hesperios, everything just clicked.   Of all the interviews in this issue, who surprised you most, and why?  Miranda Brooks interview. I loved discovering that she meditates with her client before each project to bless the land and ask the spirits for help.  “In Japan there is a standard practice to have a land blessing with the client and architect before any construction begins, to make peace with who has been there before, and to suggest where the spirits can safely wait until construction ends. Once construction is complete, they are invited back to bring love and a sense of being to what was created.”  Visually, how has literature and the art world influenced your designs?  Art and literature have influenced our brand in every possible way. I knew I wanted to make the perfect sweater and cardigan with reoccurring artist collaborations and less common color palettes. And of course, we publish art and literary books, which is at the heart of what we do. This has always been the idea behind Hesperios. Sometimes working with an artist on a particular cardigan will influence the range of colors for the collection, but I usually have a well-defined palette from the very beginning. I often have Maria Sibylla Merian’s books around for reference.   As fashion is the second most polluting industry in the world, how does your brand support sustainable practices? I’m glad you asked. This is a long answer, but it is the most important question I am asked. Hesperios has been called a “sustainable brand,” and I’m not sure what that means or if any brand can be truly “sustainable,” but we are trying, every day. I have set very high standards in the way I’d like to run everything. We are a small team, but we all care and want to do things differently and thoughtfully rather than arbitrarily pushing out more product. I think we’ve had a head start as a new company forming good habits in the early stages, rather than having to unravel detrimental ones later on. Even so, it’s a constant process which requires a tremendous amount of time to research alternative materials and more efficient methods of production.  It was always my intention to create a well-made, high-quality product that would last forever and age well. Our collection began with a sweater; designed as something you can keep as an heirloom— quality over quantity. We produce two seasons a year, with limited releases in between, all of which are produced in low quantities, so we aren’t sitting on excessive inventory.   We also recycle our inventory in a way that I’m proud of. In our last three collections, we selected a few styles from our inventory, like our Gayle or Lou knit tank, and combined them with pleating to create our signature Paloma and Lola dresses. Our collection also consists of a core library of year-round knits, which means we can keep these on our website longer because they technically don’t fall out of style. If we have inventory in a color that hasn’t sold as well, we dye it sustainably. Timeless and well-made products retain their value.  All of our wovens are produced locally in New York City. This reduces the waste of packaging and shipping materials. We try to use as much deadstock, antique, and recycled materials as possible. We will never produce leather, and we’ve kept our material options to a minimum. I don’t plan on using cashmere or wool. We plan to use 100% organic cotton by next year, and we’re also in the planning phase of bringing our knit production in-house, so we are in control of all phases of production.   I wish building a company was just about telling stories and making beautiful things, but this is such a small fraction of what is required. There can be a myriad of factors and variables which influence every decision and sometimes can be overwhelming. But we approach everything with thoughtfulness and integrity in mind.  I’ve been a vegetarian for 18 years, and I’ve always been conscious of my environment. When I was 20, I lived on a permaculture and biodynamic farm in San Miguel de Allende, and when I moved back to the states, I viewed our resources differently. I think this experience has informed my life decisions going forward, and I’m constantly reminded of those lessons. I recently sat through the Earthlings documentary and was completely shaken. It takes you through all the industries that rely on animals and how corrupt so many industries are. After watching this, I wanted to begin taking steps to become vegan. I also became overwhelmed with all the lifestyle choices associated with this decision and that if I became vegan, I would want the brand to be as well. Suddenly, becoming vegan was harder than anything I’ve ever thought about doing, especially regarding fashion. Right now, I am gathering the facts so that it isn’t an overwhelming transition. Leather is everywhere. There is no reason when there are plenty of alternative materials to use for a handbag or a shoe. But then, you also have to be knowledgeable about how those materials are made and the waste or toxic threats they could be creating.   Patagonia has been a big inspiration for my colleagues and me. My best friend, Miye McCullough, is our Director of Operations, and she has a background in Conservation, so we are always talking about sustainability. She recommended a book called The Responsible Company by Vincent Stanley and Yvon Chouinard. It has been my ongoing resource for information. I recommend this book to everyone, both personally and professionally. You can learn from their past mistakes as a company, how transparent they are, and what they did to learn and improve not only their production but practices on a global scale. The bottom line is that it takes a community effort to create change. The book is also a reminder that while mistakes are inevitable, what counts is how we solve each problem.  Everyone on our team has a genuine interest in sustainability. We enjoy the research process equally as much as the creative one. I’ve been a member of an innovative design library ever since we started, which gives architects and designers access to sustainable, biodegradable, recyclable, certified organic materials around the world. They have an actual library you can walk through and scan swatch cards; giving you instant access to suppliers who produce bio-leather from pineapple juice.   I don’t want to turn a blind eye to our ecological crisis. If I’m made aware of something that isn’t right, I will go to great lengths to try and correct it and make it better. But I have to remind myself that it cannot happen overnight.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 Drop 1 launching today, October 8th, Zara aims to release their variations on the here to stay khaki and uniform stylized core pieces. For decades in DIY culture, core basics have been used as representation and a source of visual language to identify rebellion and counterculture. These two characteristics are still used as the main sources of inspiration to highlight individual style and remain part of being unbranded in a capitalistic society. As well as being inspired by figures involved in the arts, musicians, actors, artists, and so forth. Zara is taking classic clothing archetypes with this new SRPLS CHPTR 03 line, consisting of outerwear, shirts, pants, and accessories, remixing them with new proportions, cuts, and sews every release to give a new meaning. This will be the 3rd instalment of Zara’s bi-annual SRPLS collection, showcasing men and women collections as in the past, but for the first time a kid’s line will be available. The collection speaks on the military influenced clothes that have become part of the world’s wardrobe vernacular for the past 60 years in popular culture. Made from premium materials, in limited edition with three releases each season. The collection will be available online and in select stores across the US, Spain, Germany, UK, France, Italy, Poland, Japan and China. Photos courtesy of ZARA Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Gucci has begun accepting applications for the North American Changemakers program, which includes its $1.5 million Scholarship Program and its $5 million Impact Fund for nonprofit organizations, and they have brought a collaboration with DRØME Creative Director Satchel Lee to announce it. The grant and scholarship open call announcement invites young people and nonprofits to apply to be Gucci Changemakers.  Earlier this year, Gucci announced its North American Changemakers Program, working in alignment with the company’s vision for garnering a greater social impact and pushing diversity and equity forward within the fashion industry. The film announcing the open call for applications was narrated by Changemakers Council Co-Chair, Poet, and Author Cleo Wade, and allowed for young people to share their own stories. Wade stated, “Change does not happen in theory, it happens in community. We are bringing the Gucci Changemakers initiative to life by bringing not only funds, but also time, energy, and care to communities that have been historically and systemically under resourced and overlooked for too long.” Both of the programs aim to do exactly that. They give to and prioritize historically underrepresented and marginalized communities in order to allow for the advancement of the youth and nonprofit organizations hoping to create broader change, starting within their own communities.  Learn more on applications and eligibility at www.changemakersus.gucci.com. Photos and video courtesy of Gucci Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   GUCCI jacket, pants, and shoes.  BEN SHERMAN top and pants, BRUNO MAGLI boots. The singer-songwriter and actor Chord Overstreet surprised a lot of his fans when, in 2015, he left behind his acting days on Glee to pursue a career in music. The son of Grammy-award-winning country music singer-songwriter Paul Overstreet, Chord had grown up surrounded by music, which he quickly developed an affinity for. Once he formed his own band, Overstreet, the singer was already opening for Demi Lovato and Nick Jonas on their Future Now Tour. After releasing some well-received tracks, the band came along with their first EP earlier this year Man on the Moon, Overstreet is back with the new track “My Ex.“ Flaunt sat down with Chord Overstreet and discussed his relationship with music, songwriting, and his newest single “My Ex”. I wanted to ask you a little bit about your upbringing. You were brought up by a Grammy award-winning father, you have a music-related name—it’s almost as if it was predetermined that you would be involved with music. It was probably my dad’s way of nudging me out the door with a guitar in my hand. I was the third one born into my family, and there’s three notes in a chord, so my dad and mom had names like that for everybody. My sister’s name is Harmony, like a four-part harmony, and a brother named Nash for Nashville, so everyone’s got a wacky name.  How would you say your relationship with music has evolved throughout your childhood up until today?  My relationship with music started out when I was really young and my dad introduced me to Elvis, the Beatles, and James Taylor. The stuff that I responded to was the lyrical content—songs with a story that helped you stepping out of reality, just being in your head and going wherever the music takes you. Lyrics first for me is where I always go, such as James Taylor and Bob Dylan, guys who were really able to paint a world.  Branching out into your own musical career—did you always want to do that, or was it a more recent decision after Glee?  I always did it just because I grew up around it. When I first moved out to LA, I was trying to get the acting thing going, and I had my guitar—it was always there. I never thought about it too much, I just always did it. I would be writing and I would be playing. Everything I got involved in and it worked always coincidentally had music involved, it kept chasing after me. I also always had the desire to do what my dad was doing. When I was probably 17 and playing football—I wanted to play pro football—I got a knee injury and was on Oxycontin on the couch. I was playing video games and my dad was like “Turn that damn game off and write a song!” So I picked up the guitar and couldn’t put it down.   That’s amazing. It’s good that it stuck, because I remember my parents forcing me to learn the piano at a young age, and I would get so bored by it. But then, the love for music sticks with you. It’s interesting because, when you’re a kid and taking music lessons, you don’t necessarily have the drive and determination —although some people do—to push that as a kid and develop those skills. Thank God that parents make kids take lessons because when you’re older, it’s there. I’m really thankful for my mom driving me to guitar lessons. It’s about having the foresight to see that it would be useful someday. Of course, I saw my dad do it, and he obviously taught me a lot about songwriting. My dad said something interesting to me. He had a rough childhood—he came from a broken home—and yet was always very positive in his songwriting, his message was really uplifting. Somebody asked him where his inspiration comes from when he’s writing, and he responded that he always wrote about how he wished his life was, not how it actually was, how he wanted it to be. I thought that was really cool, to be able to twist anything and make a positive message out of it. I’ve learned a lot from him out of my 30 years of studying him. I was really blessed that he put great music in front of me for me to learn from versus some of the stuff that’s pretty bad [laughs].  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. From all of these influences, how is it that you came to the sound you have now? I have a lot of modern influences even just in production, with the sound and current alternative stuff. Finding your niche within that, going back and taking some older retro production vibes and going in some of that—I would say it came from a lot of trial and error, honestly, just throwing a bunch of things at the wall. I was frustrated with not having a sound, so I went back and listened to a lot of Beach Boys stuff, as well as diving into deep tracks of music, while always wanting to make stuff that lasts for a long time. You find inspiration from the best.   You’re getting what inspiration you can from different artists and injecting it into your own style. Exactly. It’s like I really liked the way they presented that sound, how they had fifty different voices way back then, and just finding your own voice within that. A lot of the stuff I love listening to is just stuff that I want to drive to. Then I did a bunch of tours with just me and an acoustic, that singer-songwriter stuff. That’s a different side of me that is there, but after a while you just want to put on a rock show, you want to have fun, you want to express yourself and do crazy shit and not give a fuck about anybody.  GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and talents own ring. That’s actually what I wanted to ask you about next, about your shift from performing solo to having a band. It makes sense that you did it like your father before with the singer-songwriter aspect, and then you wanted to branch out.  That side of it for me is about expressing your emotions. You’ll to be up there, you’re vulnerable, and pouring your soul out. The band stuff and the energy—the crowd has so much to do with it. It’s such a release to be able to express yourself, and be that big, and be that loud, and to do whatever the fuck you wanna do. There’s such a rush in that, and when you go on and perform, you just black out—from the time it starts to the time it ends. Then all of a sudden I’m going, “Wait, is it over? Did that just happen?” It’s almost like its own drug, which you can get out of the singer-songwriter stuff, but that’s a little more therapeutic, and reliving some dark, heavier stuff.  You also have this support network of the rest of your band with you on stage.  Yeah. It’s fun to be able to make music with your friends, to shake out all of your anxiety, and nerves. I’m not a great dancer, so on stage I can just do the weirdest, craziest, stupidest stuff, and not give a fuck. That’s one of the things I like. That’s the only time you’re gonna see me blow off steam. It’s almost like you turn into a different person, which I love. That has a very similar connection with me that acting does. When acting, you get to disappear for a second. GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and KSWISS shoes. I really like that, because there’s also this other side of performing that’s filled with nerves, and you’re always worried about what people will think. But when it’s right for you, you just melt into it.  Once you say, “Fuck it,” and jump off…The first time I started doing live stuff with a band, I was learning my body, and how I move, and how I do things. But then, once you rip the band aid off and learn to not give a shit, to just have fun and move around like nobody’s watching…that’s the best. Once you can take that jump, it’s fun.  Great. I’m wondering, what artists today would you like to collaborate with if you had the opportunity? I would love to collaborate with Sting or, I listened to a lot of Aerosmith growing up they were probably one of my favorite bands. I don’t know what that would sound like, but probably more so the legends. Just to be able to say I did it and pick their brain. To get into their headspace and see what their creative process is like. Yeah, I’d ask a lot of questions like, “Hey, when you wrote ‘Dude (Looks Like a Lady),’ what was the story behind that? I’d probably be the most annoying person sitting next to them, because I would be asking them so many questions. I find that the process of songwriting is so different for everybody that “What inspired this, what inspired this, what inspired this” might open your eyes to all the things around you that you wouldn’t normally pay attention to.  BEN SHERMAN t-shirt, KENZO pants, and BALLY shoes. Going off of that, I want to ask you a similar question about your upcoming single “My Ex.” The songs on your Man on the Moon EP have a lot to do with past relationships and the effect they had on you. How does this single play off that? What inspired this direction that you’re going in? I wrote this song the next day after running into one of my exes. I ran into her at the bar and she was with one of her friends, and I used to hang out with both of them when we were together. I run into this person all the time, and I ran into her, and every time I run into her she’s with her boyfriend. It’s a little odd, because he’s just a little bit odd about it. We’re cool though, I love her to death she’s super sweet. She started flirting with me a little bit, talking and drinking. To make a long story short, we hung out and afterwards I felt like she was making a move on me—not that I would’ve done anything. Then her boyfriend showed up and the whole vibe completely changed. I found all of this really interesting, so the next day when I went into the studio to write, I started working on the track with my buddy, and in thirty minutes I had the song written. The thing I thought was interesting was, what if I actually did go home with my ex-girlfriend and she left her current boyfriend? I just thought that would’ve been an interesting hypothetical situation, because once you had that relationship with somebody, there’s always something that’s underneath a little bit. You’re always wondering “What if it turned out differently?  When you’re young, relationships end for reasons that when you’re older I’m sure they never would. There’s probably a reason and a good reason it did end. I self-examine a lot of my dating life. It’s an easy thing for me to really look at that while I’m writing.  That’s a positive thing—self-examination, looking at how everything went down and how you can change for the future—it’s a very good thing. It’s very much like therapy.  Like self-therapy almost.  It is difficult to analyze yourself without you running through your own protective filter. When something happens in a relationship, people see it from a slanted view where they end up not being as harsh on themselves as they are on the person they’re breaking up with. Being that way with yourself can be tough.  KENZO jacket and pants. Very true. My final question is, you know how people usually get an impression of an artist whenever they listen to their album or a single. I’m wondering, with the debut album you’re releasing next year, is there a specific impression you want people to get of you, whether as a person or as a musician? That’s a good question. My goal for this next batch of songs is—everybody relates to love, loss, things changing. They might not relate to the exact story, but everybody has felt that way, everyone has had that emotion. Being able to really put out emotions that are relatable, that hard stuff that you don’t really want to talk about, or being able to share the good feelings. It’s about being able to emote and give people something they can relate to.  They end up feeling an emotional connection to it. They have a connection to the music. Even if it is specific to my story. That’s probably the main goal.  That’s probably the main unifier between people and music—the ability to connect with an emotion or lyric, anything about it—it’s great.  It could just be a lyric, it could be something that makes you say “I felt that way.” Even Drake with “Why you gotta fight with me at Cheesecake Factory/ You know I love to go there.” That’s funny, and it’s real. I think it’s genius how specific that is, because you can’t make that shit up.  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. It’s specific enough that you can imagine being in a similar situation. Everybody has got into a fight with somebody at a place like that. Cheesecake Factory is just—I think that’s hilarious. Drake does that better than anyone. Great. That’s it on my part, is there anything you wanted to talk about that we haven’t touched on? We talked about the sound, the inspiration…The one thing I also wanted to talk about…just the…I guess we talked about it. Letting people in and getting a good look at who I actually am and what goes on behind the curtains, what grinds my gears I guess. Especially with this new project you’re doing, it’s a new path, and for people to see that and get their impression of you, it’s really important. It’s new for me, but it’s also thirty years of  my experience in self-discovery, and giving people a look into the reality of where I’ve been and where I’ve come from, that’s really important. That’s great. We very much look forward to your new material.  Yeah, I’m constantly writing, so hopefully I’ll get a bunch of new stuff out there.  Photographed by Jonny Marlow at Early Morning Riot. Styled by Brendon Alexander. Grooming: Avian King using Davines at The Rex Agency. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   A woman with a past containing hardships to a future where she can clearly see what she wants, Diana Gordon is back with her new single, “Becoming” which is all about celebrating hard work, being in control, and having her family by her side. She is a multi talented woman who sings, song writes, produces, and is a visual artist. Diana is not afraid to be herself and through her voice and singing, she has been able to have an emotional outlet. Her music is a mix of rhythmic drums, alternative rock, and dark folk, which create a melodic base for her powerful and captivating voice.  Diana has won Grammys in the past for her songwriting and producing work with many prominent artists, including Mark Ronson, Dua Lipa (“Electricity”), Beyonce ("Sorry", "Daddy Lessons", "Don't Hurt Yourself'), and more.  Her 2018 EP Pure was described by Pitchfork as being, “marked by her striking voice and emotional candor.” Diana has an album set to come out next year and will follow the tone of her new single “Becoming.”   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The high desert has remained as popular as it was 40 years ago to getaway to, when your dad was planning a Joshua Tree trip with his buddies and forgot to pack the trail mix, as well as the good suede boston birkenstock’s.  HWY 62 ART TOURS is becoming one of the fastest growing attractions taking place over 3 weekends in October, featuring 150 artists opening their studios to showcase artwork.  Part of the fun derrives from its self-driven aspect, furtherly explained by Art Tours Director, Bill Green: “The best thing about the Art Tours is that you never know what you’ll discover. With over 30 different categories of art, you might see a tile house followed by an abstract painter followed by a sculptor. You get to choose what you want based on your interest. There are so many different artists here with unique studio spaces that you can’t possibly see them all. It’s a big reason why we went to three weekends this year.” This special desert art tour taking place under the stars will take place this month in October over the spand of 3 weeks.  Weekend Oct. 5th & 6th, the 11th & 12th, and lastly the 18th & 19th. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Photo courtesy Nike. This is what we have been waiting for. In Los Angeles, Nike is coming out with limited-edition Air Max 270 React sneakers and fleece hoodies. Not only are they limited-edition, they are specially-designed by three talented L.A. artists: Sage Adams, Jheyda McGarrell, and Gabrielle Richardson. Each artist used their stories to create a this new collection of sneakers and hoodies, incorporating their unique style and flare. Flaunt was fortunate enough to get to chat with the women, see below.  SAGE ADAMS: The NY Transplant “Designed by artist and curator Sage Adams, this Air Max 270 React is a reinvention of the classic white shoe that Adams saw in her childhood. The shoe comes outfitted with a pizza slice charm to nod to the classic comfort from her home-state, a reminder to pay tribute to your roots.” What inspired you to pursue art? For me the lack of representation of marginalized people as popular visual artists really spoke to a gap I wanted to fill. We needed more than Basquiat, we needed to know Carrie Mae Weems, Kara Walker, Henry Taylor! I needed to see more of a spectrum of the stories being told and mediums used.  Do you feel that art has opened up new possibilities for expression for you?  Art In many ways has taken over how I see the world. Before I started breaking things down into shape rather than how they ‘actually look’ was the moment I began to feel like an artist. It’s opened my mind to an array of possibilities otherwise deemed impossible. I didn’t even think I could draw as a kid. What is the process you go through when curating an exhibition? Do you have a specific message in mind? For me it’s getting to know the artist and what made them make the thing and then it’s how do these things come together to tell the story.  What connects the works, what makes them different from other pieces in archive? What medium? What does the architecture of the actual gallery space look like? Creating an authentic representation of an idea or ethos is one of the hardest and most rewarding things there is.   JHEYDA MCGARRELL: The Homegrown Angeleno “L.A. native artist Jheyda McGarrell’s take on the Air Max 270 React is influenced by her Black and Mexican upbringing. Pops of red pay homage to rose bushes grown in the front yard of her childhood home, while gold accents represent the evolving idea of opulence for Black and Brown communities. Topped off with a cherub charm, a reminder to honor traditions and use the lessons of the past to keep it moving forward.” Questions for Jhyeda Mcgarrell: How does your heritage, as an Angeleno of both Black and Mexican decent, reflect onto your artwork? My heritage is reflected in all of my work due to the heavy impact of it in my formation. The contention of growing up experiencing all these different aspects of culture and tradition is an experience many without their stories ever been told. This specific project in my mind has worked to piece together the different aspects of the different culture backgrounds, that our two cultures share. This shoe to me bridges the created tension of an American landscape. It shows the ways we are one and the ways people like me live between these different ideologies and physical spaces. It bridges the weird black kid in the white neighborhood to the dark skinned mixed Mexican kid growing up with Tias smoothing down their curls and gives us space to just be all our different facets without contention.  What was the most rewarding and challenging part of this process? The most rewarding part in this has been seeing the smile on my mom’s face when I told her I was working on a collaboration with Nike. The most challenging but also rewarding part has been working with an entire crew of people to execute an idea which is still relatively new to me. It’s so beautiful to see all these brilliant, different minds working to make something I once imagined.  What do you hope people feel when they wear your shoes/hoodie? Confidence? Individuality?  I hope when they wear the apparel they feel like they are truly reflecting their highest self. I hope they feel comfortable and free. I hope they feel every good emotion that has been out into the making and the lifestyle behind the creation. I hope they feel loved because I know I do from them.  What qualities do you see in yourself that you know you got from your family? Pretty much everything. My family is completely made up of immigrants and all of the qualities I’ve gained from their strength and preservation in a country against them is appreciated. I have learned love and a desire to improve our lives and the lives around us and to honor heritage. I have learned even the qualities they might oppose in me. I have learned to always crave freedom and to always have a strong sense of self among so many other things.  It is so amazing that you get to work with Nike to be a source of inspiration for many people. What has inspired you, and in return, what do you want your work to inspire in others?  Thank you! It is literally such an honor. I’ve been inspired by everyone around me embodying the phrase “existence is resistance”. I’ve been inspired by the black, the brown, the indigenous, the queer, the trans, the fat, the disabled, the people who make up the qualities most worth embodying, utter freedom of expression and true strength. I hope my work inspires people to follow myself and others in moving forward towards freeing themselves and seeing the value in their everyday life, even when it’s boring, even if you hate yourself, like I did once and still do sometimes, I hope they know they are important.  GABRIELLE RICHARDSON: The Passionate Traveler “Neon meets pastel in a technicolor dream in the Air Max 270 React designed by model and multimedia artist Gabrielle Richardson. The colorway exhibits the dichotomy of the modern-day jetsetter — neon being those moments of movement, and pastels representing the comforts of home. Embellished with a ‘Real’ charm, an encouragement to make creative dreams a reality without letting others restrict your point of view.” Questions for Gabby Richardson: Which place that you’ve travelled to been the most influential, or just your favorite and why? I think the most influential place I’ve ever been is in Cape Town, South Africa. It was beautiful to be in a majority black country, but still felt a sense of disillusion being in a country with such an intense racial caste system. I felt so lucky to be in Africa, a continent that felt so connected to my identity but where I had never been. I met so many young talented South African artists in Cape Town who shared their art with me, and it reinforced my drive to do better to create and facilitate spaces for young black kids globally. What do you want people to feel or think when wearing your design? I want people to feel validated, I want to give people hope. I want people to know, in our constant shared state of anxiety that we live in that there is a silver lining. I used the neon colors because they’re utilitarian colors used often in industrial and emergency settings, I offset the abrasive colors with pastels to give it a sense of softness, and a sheer window so people can show off their personality. I think the real chain is self-explanatory, what you do, whatever you want to do, that shits real, that shits valid, don’t let anyone limit you and tell you that your aspirations are fake. What does it mean for you to be a part of Nike’s limited edition collection? It feels crazy! I As a child I never thought it was a possibility for me to work in the creative world and even more of a ludicrous fantasy to be able to have my own shoe. I think it’s a testament that any dream you have can be built. This journey with Nike has been a really formative experience for me as artist, I have never been so affirmed in my artistry. I was able to direct so many aspects of the campaign from the casting, color ways, and insert in the shoe. Being believed in is a magic that I want to pass on. Everything can be real!! What does travel mean to you? Through my time traveling I’ve realized that I learn mostly through experience. Through meeting people and exchanging stories of each other’s lives, I not only gain an objective knowledge but also broaden my emotional intelligence. A willingness to learn doesn't have to only connote traditional practices of learning, an education can be childlike and involves a lot of falling and getting back up. Traveling allows to see me to see the world for the first time always, everything and anything can fill me with wonder.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    WILDFOX clothing.  WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, JF LONDON shoes, ASOS belt, and KRYSIA RENAI necklace.  WILDFOX clothing and DALMATA necklace and ring.  WILDFOX clothing, B JAMES bag, WOLF CIRCUS necklace, and FARRADAS KNITS clips.  WILDFOX t-shirt and CLYDE hat  WILDFOX clothing, ASOS headband, IMAGO-A belt, and MALONE SOULIERS shoes.  WILDFOX clothing and MISCREANTS gloves.   Left to right: WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, VIA SPIGA shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. WILDFOX sunglasses, MALONE SOULIERS shoes, FARRADAS KNITSearrings, I.O. COLLECTIVE ring, and NORA KOGAN ring.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings.  WILDFOX clothing, TIBI belt, LADY GREY earrings, and MARY MACGILL necklace.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. In a city more rife with wantrepreneurs than we care to truly consider, there are origin stories aplenty. Divided this in two, split that up, and presto! Success! Took the family business and scaled it. Had an invention idea come in a dream and now we're shipping ten thousand units. Was in the right place at the right time. Knew a guy who knew a guy and the rest is history. Often rather boring stories. But how often do you hear of success stories that originate in the club? Business is done in clubs, business is celebrated in clubs, but rarely do you witness material success be birthed in the club. Enter saxophonist and entrepreneur Jimmy Sommers, CEO of Wildfox and 100% owner of the lifestyle brand known for its sun-soaked, sexy California attitude. In addition to being Wildfox CEO, Jimmy Sommers is a partner in top shelf tequila, Perfectomundo, with multi-Grammy winning DJ and producer, Paul Oakenfold, and owns a boutique line of beautifully hand-forged eyewear, very appropriately named Sommers.  Wildfox was birthed over a decade ago. While throwing must-attend parties all over the world, and made in LA units flying fast, the company navigated the economic recession and explosion of e-commerce with a big smile on its face. The birth of influencer marketing across Instagram, however, and a glut of fast, cheap fashion brands, have created challenges in recent seasons, and Sommers is continually seeking ways in which to stay true to how his brand was built and scaled, while integrating a modern sensibility for how fashion is currently consumed. Sommers took time on the deck of his Modern home in the Hollywood Hills, to speak on the changes he's witnessed in the apparel industry, as well as Los Angeles, as well as his only-in-Hollywood story of rising to musical prominence, and in so doing, creating a platform for himself with which to meet the world and explore other ventures. In support is a Wildfox Fall '19 editorial, photographed on the azure hills of Malibu late this summer by frequent Flaunt photographer, Shane McCauley. You found your footing in Hollywood with an exceptional saxophone talent right?  Exactly, being good at something was my way in. The saxophone was my in to Hollywood, in to different events, meeting people. It was a tool. I used the sax as a tool. In college I got a scholarship for it. Then I got to take a crack at LA because I had a reason: to become a professional saxophone player. I was very fortunate to have parents that are supportive and together still, which is rare. They’re my backbone.   And what sort of evolutions have you observed in the music industry over time? The music industry is… well, it’s funny because when I came out here there was something called smooth jazz, and there were jazz and smooth jazz stations. I grew up listening to David Sanborn and Marcus Miller and their style was my key influence. I had gigs all the time. But that’s changed and so has my music career. I used to go on tour all the time. So, the radio stations changed their formats and then comes Hip-Hop. When I was out here recording, it was Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg and Tupac and that era, which was cool shit—it still is cool—but now it’s a whole new and different thing.  You actually mentioned you recorded with all manner of artists at the time, like Tupac himself? Well it just happened that Dr. Dre and Tupac’s engineer lived in my house on Sunset. That’s how it came to be. All of the sudden I was exposed to this music, so then I was playing with them… What’s interesting is that when I was out here, I played saxophone at the China Club, and the China Club is where all the musicians came. I played with Prince, I played with the Kal David band. Rick James came to play. I was immersed with all these great musicians. And what was the sort of lightning bolt moment that deepened your involvement? I was a guest at a part of John Paul DeJoria’s house, the guy that started Paul Mitchell. I was at the bar drinking Patrón with Rod Stewart, who I had just met. We got to laughing and I said, “Rod, let’s go play with the band. I’ve got my sax in the car.” I went to get out my sax and next thing we’re on stage with the band. And that’s where JP was like, ‘Wow, you’re great.’ I didn’t have a record deal at the time, but he was like, ‘How can I help you? Come to my office.’ So inspiring. So I end up playing his gatherings where ten thousand people come, all his hairdressers. He puts a package together, about a hundred and fifty thousand CDs, and distributes them at the salons, which was a catapult to me getting a record deal. It was outside the box, and that really helped me stand out from the rest. That’s what he does. He builds people up. All of the sudden, when my record was done, all of the record labels wanted some. That’s when I ended up getting into the record business with Universal. They pushed me because JP believed in me. And what a vision. He actually started Patrón Tequila 29 years ago, sold it for five billion bucks. And what is he doing now? Giving back. He’s doing great things, and he’s always done that. Doesn’t just go buy a yacht or whatever. He’s such a humanitarian. The guy is just too good to be true. WILDFOX clothing And now you’ve launched your own tequila brand, Perfectomundo? My best friend met someone that owned the best distillery in Mexico. He said ‘we have the best blend of Tequila,’ so we decided to make it. We ended up collaborating with Paul Oakenfold to do Perfectomundo tequila, which is the same name as Paul’s label. It seemed like a good fit. It’s nice to have a business with friends that you can enjoy. We started it a couple years ago, and it’s doing great, and God damn you should try it. It’s delicious! Tequila’s growing big time. And ours has been rated in several shows and tastings, it’s won a lot of awards. The problem with these big tequila companies is they can’t make it fast enough. So they pump it through, and it’s not as good anymore. Being a boutique brand, it’s small batches, and extremely good. Has LA changed a lot to you since coming here? Oh man, in so many ways. To start, there was no bottle service. You’d go out, it wasn’t all the phones with the cameras. You’d go out there, you’d talk to people, not everyone was staring at their phones. That’s just in general, not just LA. But it’s not the same as it used to be. It still is beautiful. It’s still got talented people. Beautiful beaches, you know, beautiful hills. I suppose it’s just that technology has changed.   And how did you make the music to fashion transition? Were you inspired by something in general? Being in that circuit, going to Paris, seeing all that, the fashion shows and having friends in the fashion business was major. And what goes on in London, Paris, Milan—it's so different. Music propelled me to go and experience the world and fortunately enough there came an opportunity to get involved in something else. I knew what was going on in fashion, I was going to the trade shows, seeing what people were doing out there. And to put a different spin on something was key. These two girls came and pitched an idea, something different with a t-shirt company. Oversized, different shapes, something completely different. That’s when we first launched Wildfox. And of course it blew up. Was there a key moment in time? A couple girls came to me with an idea. I said as long as it’s the coziest, softest material, I’m down. That’s what I was going for—the best materials with the right washes. But, we couldn’t even get into the majors, because we had just started. One day, a friend, Alessandra Ambrosio, said, ‘Jimmy Sommers, I’ll model for you. I’ll put your clothes on and I’ll take some pictures. But you do it! You take the pictures.’ So when she was in town, I threw the T-Shirts on her. I had never done this before, so I went to Samy’s Camera and said, ‘Give me your best camera.; It was a 5D and I said, ‘Well, what do you do? I’m shooting a Victoria’s Secret model, what do you do?’ And they just go, ‘Yeah right, sir. Just put it in auto.”’ So, I bought the camera for five grand and went and she put on all the shirts. Then Alessandra was like, ‘Well you can’t use these because Victoria’s Secret is going to get mad.’ So, I said, ‘Ok, of course not, I won’t use these.’ Then, at the trade show, I blew up the biggest photo of her, which was overlooking the whole show. People took notice, and the first order I got was a $60,000 order from Kitson. And I go, ‘How did you see us over here? We’re not even in the main show!?’ And of course they said ‘well, we saw that poster of Alessandra.’ Of course, I was in debt, so it was so great. Alessandra was the key thing. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. How would you describe the identity of the Wildfox brand, how it came to be a force? I’d say along the lines of, ‘Oh, that’s the brand with the softest material,’ the funny sayings, ‘celebrities wear it’, that sorta thing. As the current Wildfox CEO, I ensure we make all our clothes in LA, and it’s great stuff that’ll last forever. Quality. Any person that has a shirt since we started is still wearing it—I’m wearing one right now. They’re out there and they’ve got a frickin’ Wildfox—especially in LA and New York and London—they have something of ours in their closet. Now these other brands come, these fast fashion brands that have Internet money, and it’s cheaper clothes. And there’s all this paying people to wear stuff. We never had to do that when I started. And there’s a lot of that now. Yes, and the mimicry scales so fast. There’s a lot of copycat brands, but what can you do? Just be original. When I started as Wildfox CEO, we thought simply: let’s make t-shirts like butter. The softest t-shirts ever. People say that our first shirts are like fine wine. They just keep getting better and better. They don’t fall apart. Now we have to keep evolving and doing other things. From dresses and higher fashion stuff. Everyone still loves a good shirt and sweats and loungewear, but you have to watch where the world is up to. And now we’re all watching each other on little screens? Yes! Instagram wasn’t around when we started. In fact, we were one of the first accounts to get so many followers. Now, everyone’s influenced by it, which is kind of sad, because it can easily get carried away. It’s good to get these people’s support, but you know… these influencers have so much coming to them. If someone likes a brand, they’ll wear it and talk about it. I talk about a lot of things I like. But, like, one post? It’s not sincere. Left to right: CLYDE hat, JF LONDON shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. CLYDE hat, HARDEMAN shoes, stylist’s own socks, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings. And have you felt tested by owning a company, dealing with the ebbs and flows from the top? Of course. Having a company, you’re working with people, spending more time with your colleagues than anyone. It’s nice to do special things and, hey, if you can be successful and be funny as a company, isn’t that great for everyone involved? Me, being an artist, I get carried away a little and spend too much, and it catches up. This month we are restructuring our offices, tightening up my business. Now we have all these incredible new designs, and there’s excitement at first, then a little stagnancy. Like a relationship. You have to keep tooling and pushing. And do you feel the trajectory is normal for a brand, like a cycle, or is Jimmy Sommers’ Wildfox different?  There are unique circumstances to Wildfox and then much of it is normal high’s and low’s for any brand. Looking back, when you’re rising every year, a lot of big brands would call me and I gave them the middle finger because I thought everything was going to keep going up. ‘I don’t need this, everything's fine.’ But sometimes you do need someone to come in and give some help. It’s been my strategy to stay a one hundred percent owner, but I'm always looking for a strategic partner who can grow it bigger and bigger. You’re always hearing about the pitfalls of growth in the fashion and apparel industry. Any truth to that? You get cocky, but, you know, the consistent factor is you always need some really good people around. I’m still dealing with people that I find out they were faking it. It’s like, what was I doing for the last seven years paying you a hundred and twenty grand? What were you doing? Because I love it when people leave or go and you don’t even need to replace them. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. And how about outside insights or consultation? Not being from this business, I’ve hired a lot of consultants. I’ve figured out that they’ve told me everything I was already doing. With consultants, I’ve learned they’re typically the failed CEOs of their own businesses, or CEOs that got fired, and they want a lot of money. Every consultant I’ve taken aboard hasn’t changed shit. They’ll move certain things around and they’re just shuffling papers. They’ll come in and paper shuffle, and it’s like ‘Oh my God, how much money am I spending?’ So perhaps it’s more in the creative structure? Who at this stage might you think to be an ideal partner? It’s got to be a funny cat. Look at Pharrell! He’s got all this crazy music, he’s great. We’ve met a few times and once I was like, ‘Aren’t you doing fashion?’ and he named four different companies. Wow, what a talent. So someone like that I’d like to get in the mix. New approach on creative ideas. Even Nike does all these things. Collaborations are big business these days. It sparks energy into something, so I’m looking for collabs and there’s a lot of possibilities. Jimmy, aside from being Wildfox CEO and tequila entrepreneur, how about your personal trajectory? Any excerpts from the book of life? All you can do is just learn from life and other people. But you have to trust other people so you truly can learn from them. And that doesn’t always work out, but you have to try. ‘If you look back,’ my father used to ask me, ‘would you change anything?’ You know what, no I wouldn’t. But maybe I have to say that because my father asked me! And how about music? You’re still keeping an eye on the scene? I’m always supporting new artists, as I was one back in the day. Lately I’ve been signing country artists. I know how it is, it’s tough. So it’s nice for me to help out other people, and not just for one song. You have to throw a lot in there and see what sticks. I did that with my music. I worked on three albums at once, and could never finish anything! But then I’d be putting together a record in Chicago, and I’d meet someone and they’d be like, ‘Let’s have ten songs in three months.’ And I was like, ‘Wow, that works.’ Deadlines are important! CLYDE hat, TIBI shoes, IMAGO-A bag, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace. And you’re building a studio up here in the Hills? It’s pretty amazing, the sound. I have a great sound system up here, and you can really hear when someone knows how to record, or mix. Man, that’s a big deal, the mixing. My favorite place to create is like this, where something sounds good. You know, in the Hills, in the studio. That’s why Tupac and everyone used to roll through back in the day! I had a recording studio! That’s why I’m building a new one up here. It’s a special spot. When you’re first in the Hills, you look out there and you’re thinking ‘Wow, I wanna move out here.’ And so I’ve always lived in the Hills, from all the way around. Like seven different houses, and I finally bought one. I look out, and I see the city sparkling, and all those people and their lives from here to as far as you can see, and you’re just on top of the hill, on top of the world. It feels frickin’ good, and it still does. And how’s it all going to land? What’s the big picture look like? Well, it would be nice to have a great relationship, and kids, and this and that. But who knows? Let’s just say I’m gonna die however, but with a smile on my face. Peter Fonda just passed away, and you know, his sister Jane, that’s what she said, that he ‘passed but he had a smile on his face.’ It’s like, have a good ride, because we’re not here forever. Photographed by Shane McCauley.  Flaunt Film Directed by Lucas Chemotti. Models: Dani Dolinger at LA Models and Patterson Wells at Visions Models LA. Styled by Britton Litow. Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co and Oribe at Nest Artists. Makeup: Cedric Jolivet using MAC Cosmetics at Lowe & Co. Manicurist: Lisa Jachno using Chanel Le Vernis at Opus Beauty. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019 The contemporary jewelry line, AGMES, is the brainchild of Morgan and Jaclyn Solomon. Each collection is influenced by facets of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art. The geometric and sculptural, metallic silhouettes reflect modern heirlooms, meant to last a lifetime. Handcrafted in New York, the sisters provide local jobs and utilize recycled metals, which is central to their code of ethicality. With the release of their Fall 2019 lookbook, Flaunt spoke with the Solomon gals to chat all things AGMES. Tell us about the inception of AGMES. Morgan Solomon: We hadn’t anticipated starting a line together years ago, it all happened naturally and kind of fell into place this way. I was working as a buyer at Bloomingdale’s at the time but always felt like something was missing in my life. After catching up with an old friend, I was re-inspired and decided to pursue jewelry design full-time. Meanwhile, Jaclyn had just resigned from her job as a sweater designer at Proenza Schouler. She had planned to take a little time off, but as I was getting ready to launch my first collection, I was asking her for more and more input. It started out with small projects, to larger projects like producing our first lookbook, and naturally led us to form a partnership. What aspects of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art inspire the geometry of your designs? MS: Our collection is very sculptural in nature, so we’re often inspired by sculptors such as Jean Arp, Henry Moore, and Barbara Hepworth, to name a few. We’ve also been greatly inspired by the designs of Charlotte Perriand, Pierre Jeanneret, and Mies van der Rohe. For our most recent SS19 collection, we drew from Ellsworth Kelly’s plant drawings. What dedications has the brand made in regards to sustainability?  MS: Sustainability has always been very important to us, but we feel that now more than ever, it’s crucial to keep our environmental footprint as small as possible. There is so much waste in this industry, and we think it’s our responsibility to make sure we’re not adding to the problem. All our products are made locally in NYC, which helps keep our carbon footprint small, and we use only recycled metals for all our jewelry. Any excess metal that hasn’t been used in our jewelry is melted and repurposed for new pieces.  Jaclyn Solomon: We recycle and reuse everything we can. We’re always bringing in bubble wrap, packaging materials, boxes, etc. from packages we receive at home so that we can reuse them instead of letting them go to waste. What are some of the ideas and concepts behind your Fall 2019 collection? JS: We drew from one of our favorite pieces from the existing collection, the Gabriela Bangle, which we had hand-formed from clay. We love the weight of this piece, the feel of it, and the look. So we wanted to continue playing with this sculptural hand-formed look, but play with the proportions and symmetry further. Most of this collection came from pieces we hand-formed from clay. Do you have a favorite piece from the collection? JS: My favorite is the Gabriela Hairclip! MS: I’ve been wearing the Medium Celia Hoops almost every day lately. And I’ve also been wearing our Domed Ring layered with the Cara Ring from last season. I love being able to build off the styles I already have.  What’s next?  MS: We’ve only just begun expanding into the accessories category – first jewelry, and then we introduced some home and hair accessories. We’ve been exploring the idea of expanding further into these categories, in a way that stays true to us – beautiful organic forms, all of which will become modern heirlooms and embody a sense of timelessness. Photography: Arno Frugier Creative direction: Ashley Helvey Model: Audrey Marnay Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   NIKE Air Force 1 Low Travis Scott by Travis Scott | out December 3 The interesting thing about a classic product is that rarely is it known at creation that it will, in fact, be a classic. Nor can one confidently estimate what turns its use and purpose will make in years to come. In 1982, Nike debuted its Air Force 1 shoes as a basketball sneaker. 35 years later, its triple white color way (color code 100 at Nike), has since become a fashion staple—still occasionally used for sport, but mostly for style. To mark its anniversary, Nike reached out to five designers, requesting their takes on this certified classic. The results were refreshing additions that stayed true to the AF-100’s origin. Alternative Hip-Hop artist Travis Scott's Air Force 1 Low features Velcro removal Swooshes and his Cactus Jack logo over the laces. "I wanted to create a wear that looks different everyday," Scott, who's hard at work on a forthcoming LP, explains. "I looked at this shoe the same way I make an album. I want it to tell a story about me. I set the tone to go crazy at my shows. I’m the acid of rap." We talked to the remaining four designers--Virgil Abloh, Errolson Hugh, Kareem "Biggs" Burke and Don “Don C.” Crawley--about what they brought to the table creatively, their love of the heralded sneaker and more. NIKE Air Force 1 ’07 Off-White c/o Virgil Abloh | released exclusively at ComplexCon What’s your relationship with the Air Force 1?     In high school you’d see people wear and play basketball in them. And, like, JAY-Z wearing the Air Force 1 is probably one of the earliest memory of tying it to a culture.     What was your personal relationship with them?     I wore them, on and off. You know, I have a pair on now. To me, it was a shoe that had a particular vibe to it. I’m from Chicago. I was wearing Jordans. I was wearing skate shoes. I was probably wearing running shoes. The Air Force 1, it was one of those in the rotation. I probably wear it now more than I did back in the day.     What was your plan of attack with the Air Force 1?     For me, it was a celebration of the white-on-white. Within my Nike way of altering shoes, I’ve established a vocabulary of adding certain elements, underlying elements with the Air. Since I have the Nike Air Force 1 in The 10 Project—which was more about an X-ray, more experimental—this one is more of a true homage to the white-on-white, so I left its integrity instead of removing most of it. That’s all by choice.     It seems like a lot of your work is made with dual purposes. One is obviously to make an interesting product. But would it be accurate to say the other is to sort of reveal your blueprint for aspiring creatives?     Exactly. That was all by design. It’s more about allowing the kid that goes to his local Footlocker to look at a regular Air Force 1 sort of feel like they can do it at home, while still feeling like it has my signature. Those small details are there.     You’re really big on inclusion…     Yeah, that’s what the work is generally about. There are enough shoes in the world already. The ones that are left should be more educational. I think people seeing how they can edit the product is more profound than just the fact of that. It’s exciting. I’ve always been focused on making meaningful projects and it’s what I’m into. NIKE Lunar Force 1 Acronym ‘17 by Errolson Hugh | out December 2 Is it at all daunting trying to remix such a classic?     Yes and no. Yes, because the Air Force 1 is obviously one of the most revered and most iconic sneakers of all-time. If you’re going to do something, you don’t want to mess it up. It better be good. And no, strangely enough, because as I told Nike when they first approached us with the project, we didn’t have a real strong personal connection to the shoe.     I’d never actually worn them before. Which turned out a positive thing because it really allowed us to sort of be a little more irreverent and more radical. Thanks to Nike open-mindedness, they were fully accepting of that and encouraging even. That’s how we ended up with the shoe that we have now, which is a super radical departure for sneakers in general but particularly for the Air Force 1. It’s such a classic. It’s been super satisfying to see the wave of DIY interventions into sneakers that sort of came out.     There are lots of things you’ve added. I wanted to break down some them, the first being the side zipper. What was the idea behind that?     We were free to pursue our usual Acronym approach, which is usually rooted in functionality and movement. The most obvious thing for that was donning and doffing of the shoe as a sort of action that you perform with the shoe the most. And also because I’m super lazy and I don’t like tying my shoelaces. And then the zipper seemed like the one to do because visually it’s cool.     We literally just took a pair of scissors to the original shoe and started cutting into it and seeing where the best position would be for it. Instead of drawing, we just did it to actual shoes right in the studio and tested them out. And once we established the right location, then we thought about we’d actually make it part of the shoe. But then we decided not to do that. Let’s make the break as clear as possible so you can really see the original shoe and this is what we added to it. That’s why it’s so aggressive. It’s more of a deconstructivist approach. Which is why the end of it sticks out, you know, both ends stick out, and the Swoosh isn’t even attached, it kind of floats.     It’s subtle, but you get some flap action.     Yeah, their exact term is bar-tech, and it’s probably from the denim industry. It’s a way to super-securely hold something down. It was just about being as blunt and direct as possible because rather than trying to design our way around the space, we were like, “What if we just leave it sticking off?” Luckily, Nike was like, “That’s cool.” Because they could have easily said, “No, don’t mess with the Swoosh.” I think it highlights it in a way because it makes it more three dimensional. It kind of jumps off the shoe. That’s one of my favorite parts of the design.     Speaking of that, I think there are a lot of things on your sneaker in particular that are noticeable. Another thing I like is the ribbing on the sole.     Yeah that’s actually a part of the original Lunar design. That’s from Nike. They approached us specifically with this. It’s not the traditional Air Force 1 outsole, and that’s actually why they asked us to do it. The other collaborators they were working with at the time, you know, having this deep personal history with the shoe, they all wanted to use a classic outsole and Nike was like, “Oh, if we’re going to get Acronoym to do it, let’s give them the new radical one.” That’s the one we got and we’re super happy about it because it looks cool, and we really appreciated the lightness and feel of the outsole.     That kind of speaks to the reputation you guys have built. What’s it like knowing that people come to Acronym to get a fresh, left-field take?     It’s great actually. It definitely makes what we do more fun. A lot of the times I feel guilty because we get all the really cool jobs. 9 of 10 times, “state of the art” is part of briefing. It’s very rare that anybody who approaches asks us to do something that has a price limit or has a restriction. They’re almost always like, “Oh, take it as far as you can.” We’re super fortunate for that.     Did you always come in with idea of being stark contrast from the conventional?     Yeah, absolutely. The reason we started Acronym in the first place was out of frustration. We were working for a lot of other brands and companies at the time and then had the idea to Acronym and actually pitched it to a bunch of people we were working with and they were all, “It’s too difficult and it’s too expensive or whatever.” Then we thought, “You know what, let’s do it ourselves and go for it.” It took a while but now that people have come around and now they see that, and I guess it worked because we seem to be known for that.     How do you achieve timelessness with your stuff? What’s the key to a timeless piece in general?     I mean I can only speak for our process and how we do it, but when I look at things that have become timeless, particularly in apparel, almost all of them start with solving a technical or functional problem. When you look at the Air Force 1 now it’s like this cultural icon. But it actually started as the most high-tech basketball shoe. That was the ultimate expression of what you could do with a shoe at that time. I think because of that, it has a certain honesty to its architecture and you know none of those [design] lines are there for the hell of it.     They all have a reason. They all have a purpose—the way the outsole is designed, same thing with the pivot point and the amount of cushioning and I think that’s probably what roots our design as well. And then because when we make something that way it often ends up being a lot more time consuming just in terms of development because you not only have to make sure it looks good; you have to make sure it works.     So you have double the work. And that obviously a lot of the time results in a more expensive product as well. Nobody wants to spend a lot of money on something that’s only going to look cool for a certain amount of time. We’re very aware of that when we design. We definitely want people to use and wear the stuff and feel good about it as long as possible, basically until the thing falls apart. In that respect I think it’s a good pairing with the shoe. Kareem “Biggs” Burke, Co-Founder of Roc-A-Fella Records | out November 30 How excited were you to kind of just get these back out into the world?  Nike is a behemoth company and especially with Air Force 1 being a staple of that, to combine that with the iconic Roc-a-Fella logo? Man, it means everything to us. When you’re doing things and collabs with brands, you want to make sure that it’s something not outside of your realm and that one thing isn’t overshadowing the other. The Air Force 1 and the Roc-a-Fella logo, it’s just a perfect match. We’ve both done things without compromising integrity, staying true to what a brand is and how a brand works, and the name. So that’s why it just made sense to just put it together. I mean, I got people reaching out to me from all over--“Let’s do this, let’s do that.” I’m turning things down every day but it just has to make sense for both parties. What made the AF1 white-on-whites a go-to pair for you? It was just ‘cause it went with every outfit that we had, so we didn’t have to think too much. You get a 100 of those and then we switched sneakers every day, we switched outfits, too. It  made sense, you know? Super clean. Once you bring it out the box, you wouldn’t want to scratch anything on it. You just want to get through the day, because we knew that after that, we weren’t wearing them again. How many pairs do you think you’ve been through in your lifetime? Oh, man. I don’t know. It had to be between 3000 and 5000 for the white-on-whites. The mission in a clean pair of 1s is to make it through the day without getting them dirty. How did you do that while walking on busy Harlem sidewalks?  Yeah, it’s that Harlem swag when your shoulders are movin’ big and you want everybody to get out your way. You've got to swing them shoulders, man. That’s a perfect answer. How did Harlem take the mantle of the epicenter for the Air Force 1s? The AF1s are nicknamed the “Uptowns.”  I think because Harlem was just the mecca of fashion. So many things just exploded out of there. and as much as so many people talk about Harlem, you would think that it’s its own borough. Harlem is a small place located upper Manhattan, from 110th Street to 155th. 45 blocks. It’s not a huge area but there’s still so much culture, so much trends, so much freshness and things that came out of Harlem. I think people just kind of went there and always wanted to see what’s next. So things always kind of popped out of there and exploded and then went global. So we’re seeing the impact that we can have by doing that because we were some of the younger guys to start to introduce new fashion and some things that people weren’t particularly on yet and the good thing is that we had the sounding board, right? So JAY-Z putting the Air Force 1 in songs, we were able to touch people globally and not just statewide. Don “Don C.” Crawley, Just Don Designer | out Air Force 1 Hi Just Don: December 1 When did your relationship with the Air Force 1 begin?  Around 1990 I fell in love with the shoe. I felt like people whose style I was fond of were wearing it and that was my first introduction to what the shoe was. The Air Force 1 came out in ‘82, of course. It was prior to the Air Jordan, but I wasn’t up on it as a kid in ‘82. I had seen it around a couple of older kids around school had Forces and I was like, “Those are fresh.” But it wasn’t until one of the tastemakers at my school had it on and I was like, “Oh, I got to have a pair.” So it was 1990 that I had the first pair. One of the things that I learned that you did with these Air 1s is that, technically, it’s more than just the 1; there are little hints of the 2 and the 3 in there. That correct?  Yeah, so it’s definitely an Air Force 1, but I just used the Air Force 1 platform and just a few elements from other members of its family. So I definitely look at it as an Air Force 1, but I look at it as the family Air Force 1. So it’s like when you’re looking at the father, this is the version that you can see elements of its son and its grandson, you know. Where did that idea come from just to merge silhouettes?   I thought the Air Force 1 is always getting a lot of shine, so I thought let’s use that fly form and give some shine to its predecessors and still pay homage to the OG. So I tried to do that and I’m big on family, so I thought it was just a way to incorporate the family—the force family, to show that things are stronger when you incorporate elements of different family members and you involve the whole family. It’s like you’re making a stronger product so that’s sort of the story I’m trying to convey with the design. From a design aspect you know obviously we talked about how there are elements of the 2 and the 3 in your AF1. But let’s talk about the snakeskin straps.   Yeah that’s from like the Buck 50 hat from Chicago. I know you know that that’s the snake pattern from what I have on my hat. I wanted to incorporate that with the strap and I just wanted point out that the Swoosh is tucked on one side and it’s visible on the other. The scales on the Swoosh and the strap are one type of scale and the other is one type of scale. Those are small details that I want the person to recognize after they buy the shoes. The initial white-on-white and the quality is what I want people to delve into. But when they cop it I want them to discover different things every day of the first week they’re rocking it like, “Oh, I didn’t even notice this. I didn’t even pay attention to this.” So those are some of the elements, but definitely, the snakeskin came from the Buck 50. That was like the introduction to my brand. I wanted to give something to that, to my first Nike commercial release. I see you choose the high tops, too. Why highs instead of lows?  ‘Cause like I figured everyone else was going to pick lows. I was like, “Oh ain’t nobody going to want to do high, revered as the low is.” And that’s one of the things I want to change in the game. I’m the dude that wears jerseys. I wear basketball jerseys, football jerseys, baseball jerseys, to like formal events. And I try to sometimes dress them up, or try to say like this is my style but I want to make it appropriate. That’s what I’m trying to do with that shoe. It’s for the people that feel like, “I don’t do high tops; that’s too sporty.” What are some things that I can do to a high top to get low top wearers to wear them? That’s the same approach when I look at jerseys or shorts. I hope that what I do with this shoe is it helps the low top—the person that just is a go-to low top guy. I want him to give a high top a chance and be like “You know what? I like this.” That’s why I made it where you can take the strap off that shoe if you don’t like a strap so it looks fresh or you can rock the strap on either side I wanted to make it as versatile as possible. It’s funny that you say that ‘cause with me, I’m kind of hit or miss with straps. If I don’t like the strap of a shoe I typically still like if there’s a way to reverse it, so I can let it dangle from the heel. Yeah, that’s how most people want to get their swag on, but some people I talked to don’t really like straps. It still looks like a good shoe without the straps. That’s what we tried to accomplish with that As we wrap up, I was talking to Biggs from Roc-a-Fella and he told me that they wore AF1s once and then gave them away. How many pairs have you gone through?  Yeah, me too. I’m about to tell you what’s going to make Don C the most famous person you’ve ever talked to ever: I own more sneakers than anyone. Nobody has more sneakers than me. Nobody. Not even Nike Inc! No, I’m just kidding; they have more than me! But yeah, that’s how I got known in the game. See, I haven’t even counted my sneakers but I had over 5000 in 2002. That was 15 years ago that I had over 5000. I have no idea how many I have now. Ask anyone who’s been to any of my storages and they will vouch. “Oh, he has more shoes than anybody.” I did AF1s off and on heavy between, I would say, ’94 and ’14. So between them 20 years, I’d have been through so many Air Force 1s. Definitely in the thousands, ‘cause I used to go to Japan. I used to go to Europe. I used to find people on eBay on different sites and Nike Talk and I would trade with them. All I can say is that before I got serious about sneakers in ’02, I went and inventoried what I had and I have over 5000 sneakers, and I haven’t counted in the past 15 years. The most baller thing I’ve heard you say is “storages.” Not one. Several.  Every city I’ve lived in I have storage. Like, okay, perfect example: I would love to call one of my storage people and ask, “Hey man, I’m talking to this guy for this interview. How many shoes you think are in there?” It’s funny, I tell everyone I want to open up a museum. I have so many sneakers. It’s like I dedicated my life to sneakers before that was a cool thing to do. All men are sneakerheads now, but I’ve been a sneakerhead since ’89. When that word didn’t exist, I was a sneakerhead. So I’ve just been living this my whole life. My mother used to be like, “I don’t know why my boy is into these shoes.” Everywhere I lived I had shoes stacked up to the ceiling. Everywhere I worked, I had shoes stacked up to the ceiling. My kids don’t know anything other than their dad’s closet looking like a storage room. They’ve been seeing that their whole life. They think that’s normal. Written by Brad WetéPhotographed by Ian Morrison Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Prada Galleria bag | Image via Prada For this year's holiday season, Prada introduces The Postman’s Gift, a series of short films directed by acclaimed American filmmaker Autumn de Wilde. The series is split into two main stories known as, “The Postman Dreams 2” starring the iconic Prada Galleria bag, and “The Postman’s Gifts” showcasing the accessories collection. Prada has just unveiled the second iteration of ‘The Postman Dreams.’  The four-part series marks director Wilde’s second collaboration with Prada, following up from a collaboration which debuted in 2015. In this film Elijah Wood takes on the role of a postman.  It's humorous and whimsical, influenced by daydreams. The postman visits two of everyone's favorite young actresses: Emma Roberts and Sasha Frolova. The central protagonist--the must have--is the Prada Galleria bag, the main focal point in each film. Be sure to check out the films. Written by Alex CeballosPhotography via Prada Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Dior Homme Black Carpet Spring 2018 | Photography by Patrick Demarchelier   Dior Homme Black Carpet Spring 2018 | Photography by Patrick Demarchelier   Dior Homme Black Carpet Spring 2018 | Photography by Patrick Demarchelier   Dior Homme Black Carpet Spring 2018 | Photography by Patrick Demarchelier  Dior Homme Black Carpet Spring 2018 | Photography by Patrick Demarchelier  Highly esteemed fashion photographer Patrick Demarchelier has been a longstanding collaborator for many fashion labels. His work has been seen throughout countless campaigns and he's worked with Dior on many occasions, shooting an entire book of couture back in 2011. However this is the first time the French photographer has shot for Dior Homme.  For the new Black Carpet Spring 2018 collection, artistic director Kris Van Assche, decided to bring in Demarchelier to create a jaw-dropping campaign. Acting as an ongoing capsule, the Black Carpet collection extends the SS18 collection while upholding the youthful concept. The collection embraces the reworks of a classic evening suit. Van Assche states in an interview with Dazed, “The idea was to convey the energy and the dark rave sensibility of the runway collection on a capsule collection of eveningwear.”  The collection gives a contemporary edge to classic tailoring, which coincides with Van Assche’s original notion to reinvent the suit for a younger generation. The suits are avant-garde with dynamic patterns and embroidery. The featured images, shot by Demarchelier, amplify the dark rave theory of the collection being shot in a moody black and white. Van Assche says, “We worked very closely with Patrick Demarchelier, It was very interesting to have his vision on the collection.” Be sure to check out the collaboration of Van Assche and Demarchelier for Dior Homme in the gallery above.  Written by Alex Ceballos Photography by Patrick Demarchelier, Dior Homme Black Carpet Spring 2018 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Planned Parenthood of Los Angeles is gearing up to fund raise at their Sexy Beast 2018 event and are doing so by introducing an exclusive trio of t-shirts. Sexy Beast, which is a program within Planned Parenthood, promotes goodwill and powerful connections to create an impact on local communities. On Monday (Dec. 4) program directors Sonny Ruscha Granade and Kristen Stegemoeller are dropping three t-shirts created by two special artists that will benefit Planned Parenthood. Contemporary artist Jenny Holzer and clothing designer Virgil Abloh are creating their own unique t-shirts that play off Holzer's quote, "Abuse of power comes as no surprise." Granade says of the two designers, “Our central goal with Sexy Beast for Planned Parenthood LA is to bring together creative talents across disciplines for the greater good. We could not dream of a better pairing than Jenny and Virgil." Custom made by EVERYBODY.WORLD, Holzer and Abloh's t-shirts will each be limited to 1,000 pieces and will be available via SexyBeast's website.  The t-shirts can only be purchased by donating $100 to Planned Parenthood. Check out the exclusive tees above and be on the lookout come Monday. Written by Corey FullerImages c/o SexyBeast, Planned Parenthood LA Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017     Drake's been no stranger to fashion throughout his career, continuing to expand his own October's Very Own clothing line for years now. He's collaborated with brands like Canada Goose, Roots, and many more. After teasing the collaboration on Instagram for a few weeks, the official OVO account finally announced details on their collaboration with outerwear brand Timberland.  Two iterations of the boot, the classic tan Timberland along with an all black version will be available this Friday (Dec. 1). With the stylish OVO owl perched on the tongue and the hanging tag, Drake's touch on the classic Timberland gives it a special look. There's no word yet on how much they will retail for, however they will be available online and at the OVO flagships in Toronto, Los Angeles, New York, and now London this Friday. Written by Corey Fuller Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   In this edition of our Poolaroid series, we met with Elizabeth Bennett and Maria Konieczny from Elite LA. Read below to find out what they're wearing this fall season, their best and worst purchases, and more! Be sure to follow Flaunt Magazine on Instagram as well for more Poolaroids and content.  What are you wearing this season? Eyelet belts and hoop earrings. Which fictional character would you want to meet in person? Sully from Monsters Inc.What is the best and worst clothing purchase you’ve ever made? Sperry cheetah boat shoes. Worst. My favorite leather jacket is from Zara. It's the best. What’s your biggest screw up in the kitchen? Pouring orange juice in my cereal instead of milk in the dark. Most interesting thing you’ve read or seen this week: That blinking a lot is a form of rest.    What are you wearing this season? Anything I find in a vintage store and my thigh high boots. Which fictional character would you want to meet in person? Willy Wonka! What is the best and worst clothing purchase you’ve ever made? My intage Escada blazer is the best. The worst is still to come… What’s your biggest screw up in the kitchen? Sorry, I’m a great cook. Most interesting thing you’ve read or seen this week: The Mother movie.  Photographed and Produced by Linda Nyvltova (@lindanyvltova)Models from Elite LA (@elitela)  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    3.PARADIS coat, HELMUT LANG vest and pants, OFF-WHITE C/O VIRGIL ABLOH shirt and belt, and HOORSENBUHS chain.  G-STAR RAW jacket, ENFANTS RICHES DÉPRIMÉS top, PREVIEW pants, HYEIN SEO bag, and RAF SIMONS tape.  BALENCIAGA jacket, pants, shoes and belt and CALVIN KLEIN underwear.  DIOR HOMME poncho and hat.  GUCCI jacket.  RAF SIMONS coat and GUCCI shirt and choker. In Zoe Costello's lastest shoot for our Reflections Issue, she hits the streets with model Tay Godsey to get off some eye-catching 'fits. experimenting with unique angles in our latest fashion feature. PHOTOGRAPHED BY Daria Kobayashi Ritch STYLED BY Zoe CostelloMODEL: Tay Godsey at Photogenics MediaGROOMED BY Home Safar   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017     After its relaunch under ACRONYM founder Errolson Hugh in 2014, Nike’s ACG has become a streetwear favorite thanks to providing durable all-weather designs for sneaker heads and hypebeasts alike. ACG is introducing its first women’s collection in time for Holiday 2017. The line, designed by Hugh and Nike's Joanna Schneider takes inspiration from the natural world, integrating unique patterns and bold colors.  When designing the women’s line, Schneider kept fit and feel in mind. She explored a new interpretation of the trouser that allowed for comfort and mobility but maintained Hugh’s ACG look.  The prices from the collection range from $70 to $700 and will include the NikeLab ACF 3 in 1 Coat featuring a 3L GoreTex outer shell and reversible jacket and the ACG 3 1 Vest which is constructed with a storable hood and the Nike Tech Knit jacket. And they'll all be available here. Written by Robyn Merrett Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    KOLOR coat, LEMAIRE t-shirt and pants, and PIERRE HARDY shoes. ISABEL MARANT jacket, Y3 track pants, and AMI shoes.   BORIS BIDJAN SABERI jumpsuit and knit tank top, NIKE socks, and SACAI shoes.   SACAI jacket.  FACETASM suit, LEMAIRE shirt, and NIKE shoes.  From left to right: AMI shirt and shorts. PSG X KOCHÉ jersey and KOCHÉ pants.     ĖTUDES coat and tank top, KOLOR pants, and NIKE shoes.    FAITH CONNEXION coat, Y3 sweatpants, and BALMAIN shoes.  FAITH CONNEXION pants and PIERRE HARDY shoes.   RICK OWENS tank top, shorts, and shoes.  FAITH CONNEXTION shirt and LEMAIRE pants.  BALMAIN jacket, top, and pants. FASHION CREDITS: BORIS BIDJAN SABERI knit tank top, and KOLOR pants. Models Josue Comoe, Marvin Spicher and Lucas Prada wear lux looks as they hang in city streets. Photographer: Fabien Montique at Sugar Management. Style Director: Long Nguyen. Models: Josue Comoe at Bananas, Paris. Marvin Spicher and Lucas Prada at Success Models, Paris. Lucas Berny at Premium Models, Paris. Larry Dion at Iavn Dion. Anis Ben Choug at Elite, Paris.  Hair: Christos Vourus.Makeup: Tiffany Fouqueil. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   ‘Tis been the season for the integration of '90's flavor in many designers’ spring '18 and fall '17 lines, but pro baller Russell Westbrook is putting a dangerous spin on the status quo with the first run of his Honor The Giftfashion collection, which debuted globally this week. The Oklahoma City Thunder point guard’s line, fittingly named Collection 001, features unique pieces with electrical elements and a highlighter aesthetic that were captured in a lookbook by photographer Kenneth Cappello. The brand’s message of self trust and unstoppable ambition is promoted by a star-studded array of models Johnny Reed, Indyamarie, Anna Maria Olbrycht, AJ, Ben Earl, and Russell himself. The collection’s apparel, “influenced by 1990's youth with a presence of danger,” includes graphic tees, pullover fleece sweaters, lids, socks (a perfectly neutral stocking stuffer), and more. Honor the Gift of giving this holiday season by shopping Russell Westbrook’s collection here or download Kenneth Cappello’s lookbook for wish list additions. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017        The fashion industry has been devastated by the closing of French concept store, Colette. While Colette is still set to close its doors on December 20th, a Saint Laurent pop up has been announced to mark the end of its reign. The iconic Paris retailer has organized a series of pop-ups with different designers to close its store in style and Saint Laurent will be the last of the collaborations. Leopard print skate decks, lighters, temporary tattoos, Vespas, Polaroid cameras, and a range of T-shirts and hoodies make up the vast list of items included in the collaborative pop-up. To see the some of the pop-up collection, view the slideshow above or visit the store before its closing at 213 Rue Saint Honoré in the 1st arrondissement. To read about the closing of Colette click here. To read about Colette’s collaboration with illustrations by Miguel Villalobos for Jed Root click here. Written by: Morgan Vickery Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       EVERYBODY.WORLD, a unique clothing brand inspired by everyday people, culture and history, is presenting its Informal Shop Campaign in Los Angeles. Informal Shop will provide an immerse exercise in experimental retail, in collaboration with The Standard, Downtown LA. In celebration of the campaign, EVERYBODY.WORLD gathered a group of their most dynamic contributors (a model turned nurse, a spiritualist and more) to star in the campaign bringing everything the brand represents to life. Each contributor can be seen flaunting an item of clothing they designed custom for the project including: cotton basics, simple two pieces, classic button up shirts and dyed flight suits. The storefront will launch November 25 for three months and is open to hotel guests and residents of Los Angeles.   For more information click here.    Written by Robyn Merrett Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   When in Rome, you will not see Caravaggio masterpieces 'David with the Head of Goliath', 'Saint Jerome', and the 'Boy with a Basket of Fruit'. For that, you'll have to come to Los Angeles, where the arrival of the Italian masterpieces was warmly welcomed by FENDI, The Getty, and Galleria Borghese at a private preview of the collection for VIPs at the Getty Center on Sunday night. The celebration, which marks the beginning of a three-year collaboration with the Caravaggio Research Institute, was attended by a constellation of shining lights from the worlds of fashion and culture, including Silvia Venturini Fendi herself, Pietro Beccaria (Chairman & CEO, Fendi), Anna Coliva (Director, Galleria Borghese), and James Cuno (President & CEO, J. Paul Getty Trust). Caravaggio's paintings highlight his subjects with an endlessly arresting use of light and shadow (David Hockney has claimed he invented "Hollywood Lighting", so a Los Angeles landing is more apt then it may at first appear) infusing his realism with a sense of poignant drama that we Angelenos are lucky to be able to see firsthand. Don't miss your chance: the paintings will be available for public view at The Getty Center from November 21, 2017 through February 18, 2018. Exhibition hours are Tuesday–Friday and Sunday 10:00 a.m.–5:30 p.m. Saturday 10:00 a.m.–9:00 p.m. Admission to The Getty Center is free.    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   In this edition of our Poolaroid series, we sat down with Jayda from LA Models. Find out about her Thanksgiving plans and background as a model below! Be sure to follow Flaunt Magazine on Instagram as well for more Poolaroids and more content. Insta Where do you live?I live in Westwood. Are you ready for Thanksgiving?Oh my goodness. I need to get my stretchy pants on! I love Thanksgiving. It's such a great time to just get with my family, enjoy great food, and it's a really great time to just reflect on everything that happens in life and be just grateful.  What are the traditions in your family?Every year we meet together, usually at my house or my aunt's house, and all bring different types of food. Me and my mom will always make pumpkin pie and apple pie. So we're in charge of dessert! Once we are all together, we sit down at the table and go around saying one thing we are thankful for. Very traditional, but it's awesome! What are you most grateful for?I think I am most grateful for my mom. She raised me as a single parent, and I'm an only child, so we have a really great relationship. She's also in the modeling industry, so it's really interesting to be able to follow in her footsteps.  Did you always want to be a model?I don't know that I've always wanted to be a model, but it's more the lifestyle I lived. It chose me in a sense.  When did you start modeling?My first shoot was probably when I was two-years-old, but I didn't know what was going on. My first real individual shoot was when I was 12. I shot a cover in Thailand. That was my first cover. What is your background?I primarily started modeling in Bangkok, Thailand. I go back every year. This past summer I shot for Vogue, Harper's Bazaar, Numero. It was incredible How will you stay in shape after your Thanksgiving feast?I usually go to the gym daily. I like to run a lot. I'll do like three miles and I go to a yoga studio in Westwood often.  How private are you with your social media accounts?I'm fairly private. I think there are some things you don't need to show off. I like to highlight work and people who are important to me. I'm very aware of what I post. I'm also a student at UCLA, so when I'm in the library I don't need to be posting, "Hey, I've been here forever." I think there is something kind of cool about being mysterious.  What are you studying?I'm a communication major, specializing in computer programing. Photographed and Produced by Linda Nyvltova (@lindanyvltova)Model from LA Models (@lamodels) Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Christian Louboutin and Yabyasachi | c/o Getty  c/o BFA  Christian Louboutin and Pom Klementieff | c/o Getty  Dita Von Teese, Christian Louboutin and Demi Moore | c/o Getty  c/o BFA  Sabyasachi Mukherji, Rumer Willis, Christian Louboutin, Dita Von Teese, Demi Moore, and Elisa Sednaoui | c/o BFA  c/o BFA  Pom Klementieff | c/o Getty  c/o BFA  c/o BFA  c/o BFA Last night (Nov. 16), Christian Louboutin transformed the Just One Eye boutique into an Indian fairy tale landscape complete with a life-sized storybook entryway and an epic traditional Indian dance on stage. The event celebrated the capsule collection between Christian Louboutin and Indian couture house Sabyasachi and the dance was based on the graphic novel by Mr. Louboutin, Deep Sleep for Beauty. To celebrate with Mr. Louboutin were powerful and captivating women like Dita Von Teese, Demi Moore, Pom Klementieff, Larsen Thompson, Rainey Qualley and more.  The special Sabyasachi collection is available now exclusively at Just One Eye, located at 7000 Romaine Street, Los Angeles, CA 90038. Written by Mui-Hai ChuImages c/o Getty & BFA Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    BREELAYNE stole, COS dress, and stylist’s own earrings.   SANDRO blouse, ASOS hat, and stylist’s own earrings.  ZARA dress, MISSGUIDED blouse, and ARROWUNION earrings.  MAJE top, BREELAYNE pants, ASOS belt, and NARROWUNION necklace.  SANDRO blouse, BLUMARINE bra, ASOS hat, and stylist’s own earrings. Izabela Vidovic | CREDITS: Photographed by Bil Brown Actress Izabela Vidovic has been acting since age 7, clearly not new to showbiz. Considering the acting roots in her family history, it's no shock that the starlet has propelled herself into the spotlight with her spots in productions like The Fosters and Wonder, which hits theaters today (Nov. 17). Vidovic, 16, sat down with Flaunt to talk about her latest roles, her future, and what she's learned from the industry. Give our chat a look below.  Did your mother inspire you to pursue acting as a career? What was it like growing up in such a creative household? Yes! My mom has been my main inspiration for pursuing acting as a career. Growing up, I remember being so captivated by her work and ardor for the craft. I’ve always been fascinated by performance and the world of cinema, so I feel fortunate having a mom who is equally as passionate about the movie-making industry. What do you look for in your ideal role? I look for three-dimensional characters, roles that are written with many layers. The upcoming film you’re involved in, Wonder, touches a lot on image and what kind of characteristics define beauty. Did you learn anything new from working on the film? The themes presented throughout the film align with my views on image and inner beauty. However, working on Wonder still served as a great reinforcement and reminder of the message that beauty lies within. You have experience in a variety of acting formats--stage productions, television, and film. Do you prefer one over the other? Do you hope to continue working within all these modes? What are the differences, from an actors point of view, between these formats? I have done a few stage productions, but most of my background is film and television. With film, you’re working for at least two months with the same director, so you tend to build a personal relationship. Whereas on a TV show, there is a new director for every episode. Stage production is a whole other world, because you are performing live and you don’t get another take. Something unexpected can happen that you won’t be able to prepare for, so it teaches you to just be in the moment! What about your Wonder resonated with you the most? What resonated with me most about Wonder was Auggie’s bravery. Despite the challenges he faces, Auggie stays strong. He chooses kind and learns to love himself, regardless of the cruelty he encounters. Auggie truly serves as an inspiration for everyone to keep your head up, because things are never as bad as they seem. What is your guilty pleasure? Chocolate. Chocolate. Chocolate. What was it like working with your mother on your other upcoming project, Working It Out? My mom and her writing-producing partner directed our production company’s short film, Working It Out. She has been my acting coach since the beginning, so collaborating with her as my director was very natural. She directed me in different ways each take, just as she’s done in coaching me the past eight years! What is the most important thing about acting you’ve learned so far? Acting has taught me how to be a good listener. When you’re in a scene with someone, you can’t just be waiting for your turn to talk. In reality, you wouldn’t know what the other person is going to say. So in acting, you have to be totally invested for your scene partner, allowing yourselves to feed off of one another. Do you hope to use the many languages you know in your career any time in the future? I speak Serbo-Croatian, and yes! I actually co-wrote a feature film with my mom that explores my Bosnian heritage. It’s about a teenage girl, Sara, whose hopes of becoming a musician appear out of reach--between her paralyzing stage fright and her stubborn, traditional Bosnian father--until an opportunity to audition for Julliard presents itself. What does your ideal day off look like? Nothing better than reading at a coffee shop. What would be your first decree if you were queen of the world? Equality and love for all is the most important thing. I would start by eliminating discrimination against any race, gender, sexuality, or way someone chooses to identify themselves. Prejudicial laws would no longer exist in the world.  Photographer: Bil BrownStylist: EyeLoveLuHair: Nathaniel Dezan using Oribe Hair Care at Opus BeautyMakeup: Paul Blanch using Hourglass Cosmetics at Opus BeautyPhotography and Production Assistant: Drew PlutaLocation: FD Studio.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       "Gaston-Louis Vuitton Library Trunk in Monogram Canvas" (1936). Courtesy Louis Vuitton Collection. He remembers the warm wind, the smell of the fig trees, the thrum of cars outside the cheap motel as they careened down the dark highway. “It was a dream,” curator Olivier Saillard remarks of his first ever holiday— he, his brother and his four sisters crammed into the car by his parents and routed to the South of France. “I’m from a modest family,” he shares, “from the same place where Louis Vuitton came from, the coldest place in France. And because we were very modest—both of my parents were taxi drivers—we never went on holidays. But that time, even in the tiny motel room, which was so hot, with the noise of the cars, we were all together as one, and it seemed as if we’d traveled to an exotic place.” So crystallizes the effect of a wander through Louis Vuitton’s immersive Volez, Voguez, Voyagez exhibition. A roving retrospective of LV artifacts curated by Saillard (previously exhibited in Seoul, Tokyo, and Paris), the impressive show traces a well-worn map of wonderment and discovery—that inimitable spirit of travel and glamor—through the history of one of the world’s most recognizable brands. Informally known as “VVV,” the show has now found a temporary home in New York City ‘s defunct American Stock Exchange building. Here, rather than fig or pine trees, smells of copper and smog-choked Honeylocusts fill the air, the tiling and finishes of the multi-story trading hub dust-coated for the last 20 years. And while it could be said that the brooding building on the southern heel of Manhattan Island exemplifies the metaphoric antithesis of a holiday, to Saillard’s point, that’s not the point. The point is to appreciate the journey, the destination, wherever it may be. To appreciate what commenced as forward-thinking utility, evolved into a boastful clientele, and later hot air ballooned into timeless luxuriance, from France to Senegal, Poland to Peru. Installation view: "Louis Vuitton LoVes America Room" featuring collaboration with Richard Prince inspired by his "Nurse Paintings" (S/S 2008). Courtesy Louis Vuitton Collection. Custom wallpaper designed by Robert Carsen using Stephen Sprouse's lettering. “In the beginning,” Saillard says as we stroll the space during the final hours of install, a flurry of specialists wearing gloves and clinician-style suiting positioning, placing, unwrapping at the oversight of Set Designer Robert Carsen, “You never invented something for fashion. It was always related to the use of something. It was a huge deal with the beginning of the train, the boat, the plane, the automobile. There is a room that I really love which is a room devoted to the importance of cars. After this period, of course, is the story of the handbag. But, we have to recognize what came first. Consider that in 1901, the steamer bag was born by Louis Vuitton. It was a bag devoted to laundry and was customized to fit into the trunk of your car. It was the beginning of supple bags.” We pull up to a sidelong, halved rectangle of floor-to-ceiling glass displaying more treasures. Against the wall, it’s all whirring by at a comfortable 15 or 20 miles per hour, black and white and from another era, a window-like LCD panel exposing terrain unseen. Yes, travel. Movement through time. Otherness. Getaways. Aromas bristling, whistling, numbing. Where are we looking? What’s changed since we’ve been there? Is it like I remember? When do we get there? At the portal’s feet lie a century’s plus fleet of luggage, accessories, and ephemera from this journey to nowhere in particular. I ask Saillard, despite the interwoven, endless adventures throughout the show, why we’ve ended up here in the heart of New York, a destination unequivocal, unmistakable. Olivier Saillard | photographed by ioulex at American Stock Exchange Building “It’s interesting,” he tells me. “Louis Vuitton decided to leave this coldest place in France when he was 13 years-old for Paris. It was a very strange and unique experience for him. At the very end of the 19th century, he discovered a company that specialized in exports to America. So it was at the very beginning, very immediately after he founded his own company, that he began this relationship. And it was very natural to invent. And New York was probably the most natural place for that. A lot of very famous people immediately during the early part of the 20th century began to buy Louis Vuitton from him. And of course, for this exhibition we customized and added some things, like the Red Carpet Room.” The lush room in reference features a large, shutterbugging panoramic screen of modern brand ambassadors— Alicia Vikander, Michelle Williams, Jennifer Connelly—attending the Met Gala and other awards efforts amidst a number of one-off gowns kindly returned to the House. This room also features a gown created in collaboration with artist Richard Prince and inspired by his “Nurse Paintings,” made famous by Naomi Campbell. Installation view: "Special photographer's trunk in Vuittonite canvas" (1929). Once belonging to Albert Kahn. Courtesy Louis Vuitton Collection. Saillard’s eyebrows lightly dance over his forehead as he speaks—he smiles often—and while the frenzied activity around him is distracting at best, this is not his first rodeo; he is calm and measured while we pour over the hardback book that accompanies the exhibition. I’ve dog-eared a few notable objects that correlate to our “Reflections” issue theme. We discuss the 1925 Milano case, a gorgeous briefcase-like cosmetic kit that features a medley of ivory- forged hairbrushes, shaving tools, and combs that glint in the light. Ironically, despite the namesake, the piece is inspired by NYC, a poetic tether that extends to other elements of the curation beyond the venue. “It’s a very, very nice beauty case made for universal exploration,” Saillard comments. “And something very unique: if you look closely, the comb shapes are inspired by buildings from New York. And you know what? The man who did this: he designed the case this way so that when you insert the tools, nothing touches the edges and the integrity of the brush remains.” “They’re protected?” I ask, considering the fallibility of our modern skyscrapers, here within reach of One World Trade. “Yes,” Saillard responds, “And, what you see here in the exhibition— those white pieces—are actually recreations. We couldn’t bring the original ivory or it could cause problems.” Installation view: "Bed Truck in Monogram Canvas" (1905). Once belonging to Pierre Savogna de Brazza. Courtesy Musée du Quai Branly Collection. Following a return later that evening to the opening—where several of the mentioned ambassadors have arrived to mix with press and clients and NY intelligentsia, wandering the concrete warren where the whimsy and scatter of the day has since been ironed into perfection—it’s out into the rises and spires of New York, the ivory towers. A nearby pier will host the after-party, Mark Ronson and Virgil Abloh’s sets keeping folks wiggling until the later hours. The next afternoon, on the flight home to Los Angeles, I’m sat next to Jane Fonda, whom I’ve had the pleasure of interviewing before, and who, for the record, is a badass. We exchange a few niceties (“What takes you to NYC, Jane?” “Activism,” she replies.) She tells me about her latest film, a comedy about a book club. The plane touches down in soupy LA, and I open the overhead compartments to retrieve a requested business card for her. There sits a charmingly worn LV cruiser, which I lower to the floor. “That,” I say, pointing to her iconic carry-on, “is what brought me to NYC.” “A friend once told me, and she was a long-time fan of Vuitton, that all you need should fit into your carry-on,” she says as we exit the plane, tugging her cream bucket hat down over her cat-eye shades. “And a ticket doesn’t hurt,” she laughs dryly, before being whisked away by her LAX point of contact, a young man perhaps a third her age. Written by Matthew BedardPhotographed by ioulex Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Laird Hamilton | all images by Jose Cervantes Flaunt met up with Laird Hamilton, world renowned surfer turned designer, to get a peek into his life—coffee preferences, his own clothing brand and daily routine. His clothing brand, Laird Apparel, is all about function which makes sense, considering his structured lifestyle. Read our full Q&A with the American big-wave surfer below.  What are your morning rituals? And what does your day start like? I always wake up with a shower. I probably shower three times a day. I don’t know if I need my gills wet or something, but my coffee is a ritual. I always do some breath work. I have my Invisalign. How I look at it is, I say, "Okay I have my oral hygiene, shower, and coffee." I see you're making mushroom tea. What's that do for you?  It’s the most powerful mushroom in the world. You can order it online from Z Natural Foods. They have all different kinds. I make some of my own mushroom powders. We use landmine, shiitake, maitake, cordyceps, and they all have a super strong healing power to them. But that Chaga; that’s the king of them. It’s the most powerful one. How did you get into the apparel business? I kind of spent some time working in the industry because in surfing, all the companies that made money were garment businesses, so I was like well I don’t need to make money surfing, I could do apparel. So I got to learn a lot about that business and it’s a very difficult business. In the back of my brain, I felt like if I could make my brand valuable. That’s the one thing, anybody can make a line of clothing. If you have enough money you can advertise it anywhere, but the thing you can’t buy with money is authenticity.  So tell us more about your clothing line and working with a designer. When you make a line of clothing, and then you have a relationship with a designer, he starts to know my style and what I like. But to make a line really appealing you have to have pieces for everybody. If I made only what I liked, I wouldn’t be as appealing. So I need to rely on other people’s insight, though it has to stay within my philosophy, which has more to do with comfortable materials, materials that dry fast, that move, that are flexible.  The line is inspired by the things that I like and that can function. I once said to somebody “Birds look beautiful because they can fly.” So when something is functional, there’s gotta be something about that that makes it look nice, too. Written by: Sonum KahlonInterview by Linda NyvltovaPhotos by Jose Cervantes Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Today, respects are properly paid to forever-relevant "artivist" of homo-eroticism Tom of Finland with the launch of a nine-piece line of accessories by European fine jeweler Jonathan Johnson. Visionary goldsmith Oliver Pfeiffer (a.k.a. Jonathan Johnson) designed brooch pendants, rings, shoelace links and belt buckles in the image of Tom of Finland's phallocentric and controversial body of work, including the iconic leather daddy character Kake.  The collection resulted from a game-changing collaboration with non-profit Tom of Finland Foundation, the establishment that was one of the late artist’s final crowning achievements. Each piece was created by artisans at Johnson’s studio in Hamburg, Germany, and for the pièce de résistance (surprisingly not a cock ring): a flesh pink plastic Flying Cock necklace dangling from a metal chain.  Finland-born Touko Laaksonen was exalted by many in the gay community, burdened in the 1950s and '60s with the negative stigma of being “effeminate,” as the father of decriminalizing gay nudity and porn. Currently, a continuation and advocacy of homosexual freedom shines through individual pieces Jonathan Johnson has created for the Tom of Finland store, such as a gold and silver plated chain necklaces with labels like “Cocksucker,” and the complimentary, “I Like Your Dick.”  Grab the goods at the Tom of Finland Store or at Artspace. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Mens brand, and LA Designer, Luda Khanlari has partnered with local LA store H. Lorenzo to release an 80's inspired capsule that features a new take on Champion sweaters. The sweaters sport the hard to find 80's color scheme (navy blue, royal blue, yellow, lime green, and orange), the simple 'C' logo, and a new Luda-twist. Luda Khanlari adds his signature 100% Italian double layered mesh side vent's to offer breathability and a modern flare.   The capsule also includes denim with Formula UNO Zips, red dear skin tassles, and a hand stitched 'LK + HL' on the left pocket.   The line is exclusively in their Sunset BlvdL.A. shop. But you can hit Luda.co for other gems.   Written by Devin R Hendricks Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Author Diane Ratican introduces her Angeleno spouse to her Parisian plaything in her new photo book Why LA? Pourquoi Paris?, which paints in 272 colorful pages illustrated by Eric Giriat (Paris) and Nick Lu (Los Angeles). Inspiration for the book, released in September 2017, comes from balancing a cosmopolitan life of transience, as Ratican resides in The City of Angels, but built up her fashion import and export business in La Ville Lumière.  An unlikely yet undeniable connection which has been previously linked in Flaunt’s Oh La La Land issue, Ratican’s complementary tale of these two angelic and luminary cities, is smartly divided into seven sections of equivalent cultural totems. Lu and Giriat fairly split in tandem the section’s pages between the cities' blonde objects of infatuation: Marilyn Monroe to Brigitte Bardot, portrayals of urban playgrounds: Santa Monica Pier to Place de la Concorde, and high points: Hollywood Sign to Sacré-Coeur. GPS coordinates have been conveniently added to guide Francophiles and Angelenophiles alike through parallel urbane galaxies; similar in their differences.  Why LA? Pourquoi Paris? is available for purchase here. Click here to view Eric Giriat and Nick Lu' series of metropolitan illustrations for free.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    FENDI dress and MIU MIU belt.  PUCCI sweater, EDUN pants, and SERGIO ROSSI shoes.  PRADA top and MIU MIU hat.   FENDI jacket and skirt and EDUN shoes.  MIU MIU coat, belt, and hat.  JEREMY SCOTT coat, PUCCI sweater, EDUN pants, and SERGIO ROSSI shoes.  CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC coat.  BALENCIAGA top, pantashoes, and scarf.  PRADA cardigan, top, skirt, and shoes.  FENDI jacket and skirt.  MIU MIU coat, shoes, belt, and hat.  GUCCI dress and shoes. Ashley Smith | CREDITS: BALENCIAGA scarf. Photographer Shane McCauley and model Ashley Smith bounced around Los Angeles--Smith dipped in Fall/Winter '17's finest looks and McCauley snapping at will. The result is the shoot seen here, where everything from car hoods and stairway rails to backyards and storefront doorways are used as props and scenery. Photographed by Shane McCauleyStyled by Alexandra CronanModel: Ashley SmithHair by Rob Talty at Forward ArtistsMakeup by Silver Bramham at Art Department Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Glitter, PVC Trenches, leather jackets and oversized sweaters. AllSaints' Winter '17 campaign, "Come Together," pulls you into their carefree yet united world.  Set to The Rapture’s “How Deep is Your Love?,” AllSaints’ Winter ’17 campaign evokes a young, free and ready to take on the night attitude. Dazzled in confetti, what started as a proper photo shoot turned into a party captured on video. From the taxi to the club to the streets of New York, AllSaints wants us to “Come Together” through friendship and the innate desire to party this holiday season. Check out their campaign above. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   images c/o BFA Cocktails and fine housewears were the focuses last night (Nov. 9) at Maxfield in Los Angeles when Gucci celebrated the opening of its Gucci Décor boutique. The LA flagship turned into a crispy autumnal mingling session, filled with drinks and new pieces from Gucci. The event even turned out A-list personalities like Kelly Rowland, Kacy Hill, BØRNS, and many more. In honor of the arrival of the new collection, the space transformed overnight to showcase not only for clothes but also art and music performed by Shock Machine and Kristin Kontrol. Maxfield, in collaboration with Gucci, will continue to host their installation until January 4, 2018. The store is located on 8825 Melrose Ave. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   For a model, singer or actor, signing with a management agency alone doesn't ensure that success is coming. But for 50 years now, Wilhelmina International Inc has lended their mighty helping hand to some of the biggest stars in all realms of entertainment. Launched in 1967 by Wilhelmina Cooper, the company started with three models and today handles thousands--ranging from cover girls to influencers to pop stars and this month they're marking their huge anniversary with WILHELMINA: DEFINING BEAUTY (Rizzoli). Out now, the book is a gorgeous history lesson that features shots of those they've guided to various heights and groundbreaking accomplishments. During a phone call, Wilhelmina CEO Bill Wackermann recalled digging up Whitney Houston's old contract while putting the coffee table book together. Back then, she was a newly signed, bright-eyed 18-year-old. We spoke about what the "It" factor is, watching his clients blow up, and the future of the agency. Check out the Q&A below and be sure to grab a copy of the book as well.  What are the differences between today’s signees and the ones from decades ago?  I think that models in general and as individuals, whether it’s artists or celebrities, are so much more together today than they were in the past. They know so much more. They’re really educated to what they want to do. In the past—when you talk to some of the agents that have been here for a really long time or if you talk to even some models like Patty Hanson who was one of Wilhelmina's finds who went on to be an amazing supermodel, they were just kids.  I don’t think they were as sophisticated to the world. They were just here, and then all of a sudden, the next week we’re sending them on a plane to Europe and they’ve never been there before. But today, through technology and through the Internet, people have so much more access to do their research and to understand what’s going on or what you’re asking them to do. They’re researching the photographers; they’re doing their homework. So the biggest change I see isn’t probably in the contract, but in the level of sophistication of the talent that walks through the door. An 18-year-old today knows exactly what they want. They’ve been on everyone else’s site. They’ve seen what models you have. They have their game together. And I don’t know if that could’ve been said in the ‘80s or even ‘90s. What is the thing that is kind of consistent among all of your clients, that one key trait? A lot of times, especially in the entertainment business, that the classic term is having the “It” factor. But what is that “It?” There are two types, I think. For a model, it’s different from an actor or musician. It may almost be the opposite, if you think about it. An actor or musician is live performance. So they have the ability to convey something through sight-drawn emotion. They can do a performance or they can act in front of the camera. A model, many times, is in still images. It’s a very different game. And it’s the subtlety of movements, not the large gestures of movements. There are some people that you would see and you’d be like, “Oh my god, she looks like a really tall girl.” But you wouldn’t think she’s the most beautiful girl in the room, yet when you see those pictures, she’s able to convey all sorts of fantasy and personality through a still image. When you see an actor, they come in the room, they light the room up, and they’ve got that thing. Sometimes with models, because it’s behind the camera, it’s much more difficult to see in person. And you may have this really shy 19-year-old girl, but all of a sudden, she gets in front of that camera, and you see the pictures and she’s a star.  Soro Choi for Dior Can you think of anybody who kind of fits that mold?  One of our models today is a model named Sora Choi, and she’s doing everything now. She’s the face of Louis Vuitton, she’s the face of Ferragamo, she’s Dior Beauty, and she just shot American Vogue with Steven Klein. She is a chameleon. The best models are chameleons. Sometimes she looks like a tough rocker chick, sometimes she looks pretty and sweet; you almost forget it’s her. We know it's her, because we shot the campaign and we work with her, but if you're looking at the advertising, the model falls away. In celebrity, when someone wants to do a celebrity deal, they want Shawn Mendes or they want Nicki Minaj because they are Nicki Minaj or because they're Shawn Mendes. In a model it's the exact opposite. They want you to fall away often because it is about the product and you're just the conduit to be able to create that mood or create that energy or that fantasy that someone feels that if they interact with the product it will transport them in some way. It's related, but it's not the same thing. Many times, it’s very different. Who are some of the newer signees or clients who you are looking forward to getting out into the world? Well we’ve got a bunch of amazing talent. I think what’s really exciting about the modeling business today, is it really is a very different day in that technology, digital, social media has changed sort of the definition of a model. When people think about a model they have the idea of this 5’11 sort of amazon. While that runway model will always exist, today I say a model is someone who can create fantasy. That fantasy could be someone who is 5’7 that fantasy could be our model that we’re obsessed with, Barbie Ferreira, who is one of our curve models and is killing it. She’s having an amazing career, she has a show on Vice, she just shot Divorce with Sarah Jessica Parker, she's acting, she's 21 years old. Barbie redefines the rules. She is just a model and because she's curved that’s secondary. That's not the headline, that's in the body copy. She has that thing that we talked about, body positivity and opening the doors to celebrating all different types of beauty, which is something, we’re excited about.  We have Roosmarijn de Kok, who is one the newest Victoria's Secret Angels. She’ll be walking the runway in Shanghai and she's a Dutch model. She's 22 years old. She’s beyond gorgeous and she's a great example, because she’s worked really hard. She works for Victoria’s Secret now just doing the .com business and making the transition from that to be one of the few girls that gets to walk the runway. Last year she was told no, and instead of giving up she just worked harder, hit the gym harder, committed herself. The whole organization cheered when they announced on the Victoria’s Secret Instagram that they had asked Roos to join them in Shanghai. There are stories today that are just as inspiring about people from all around the world coming to New York or coming to LA to try and be a model and do the hard work and that's what I always urge people to do. It’s a ton of work. Do you know how many castings the girls go to on an average day? Do you know how many lines they wait in to be seen by someone for 20 seconds to go to the next one, and to turn it on every time and to be upbeat? It's like a performance. If you don't really love it and you don't really want to be in front of that camera, this isn't for you it is the modeling business and the second half of that is the business side. What’s it like to sign these young dreamers, helping and watching them achieve their goals?  I think that it is always the best part of the job is when you see someone achieve and get that photo shoot with someone they've been dying for or to get a celebrity to get that campaign.  To see Nyle Dimarco who is one of our male models who was the first deaf winner of Dancing With the Stars. Imagine going on Dancing With the Stars and not be able to hear the music and to win. And to see them to achieve things in their professional life and personal lives, having families and having children. It's the best part of the job. Now two things always happen with that: one is there's a lot of two steps back before you take a step forward in the game and people have to understand that they're doing it for the long haul. And then the last part is amnesia once they get there. Everyone always gets a little bit of amnesia. I wish that I could change that at times because again that goes to the second part of my conversation is its the modeling business and the business part of it always comes into play. With that comment that you just made, what do you think is the big common thread between people who achieve and who continue to achieve for years to come? I will tell you that with our artists like on a daily basis, the teams that work around them humble me. Anyone who is an incredible superstar in the world cannot stay in that position without a really loyal, smart, hardworking team that everyone is rowing towards the same goals, and I’ve seen it. I've seen really dynamic incredible people, and we’re proud to be in a small way apart of those teams; we’re only a small part of those teams. They obviously many people helping them, but in our small way we’re happy to help. The question that you asked which is what makes someone stay versus someone who just gets a campaign or gets something and disappears, I think in the most simplistic terms, it has to come down to really loving it, because it’s long. It's just like anyone who succeeds in music or acting. I mean you've been probably on a million sets. You're sitting around in a trailer for 11 hours a day to film something for 22 minutes. If you don't love that magic and if you don't think that's a way of living, then you'll never love it. Same thing with musicians that are on the road for 300 days a year. That is just a way of life. The modeling business and our association with that world. If you're not into that way of life you probably won't be successful. And if you're an artist that doesn't really want to engage in the fashion community—which is get to know people, sit at those dinners, build relationships and friendships, understand who the photographers are and know their work too because their artists, too… You’re not the only artist there; They’re an artist as well in their right. And through that, great collaborations happen. I believe those individuals wind up staying and doing more because they really like it. They actually enjoy the creative process of it. If you’re a talent that finds yourself seemingly not as hot as you used to be, is the solution just to work harder? Sometimes, can you just be cold because your skill isn’t “in” at the moment?  You are probably as best judge as anyone to tell that. I always think that whoever is not in is only one hit away from being back. I mean, look at Mandy Moore, This Is Us. She’s back on the cover of magazines. If you think about your career in terms of long term, I think you can get through those because everyone is going to be in and everyone's going to be out at some times. If you just keep doing the work and doing good work then it comes back around and one thing sort of leads to the other. We love challenges and we love to work with people that we are really excited by. If the market may or may not at that moment be excited, if we’re excited, that’s everything. And if the artist is excited about what we can do together, then we’ll know that we’ll work through whatever the cycle of the market is. Fashion goes up and down and as Heidi Klum says, “Either you’re in or you’re out.” But you're only one collection from being back in and you're only one hit song from being front row again.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   I’m thankful for my humble beginnings in OKC. I’m thankful for the .... https://t.co/pPhVkZHv8o pic.twitter.com/EZgQABxh0e Although the season hasn't started great for Russell Westbrook and his Oklahoma City Thunder, sitting at 12th place in the NBA Western Conference, the OKC point guard is continuing to prove he's one of the most stylish players in the league. Westbrook has been known to create some of the freshest 'fits in the league as he struts from the team bus into the locker room before games. Earlier this week, he announced he is beginning his own clothing brand called Honor the Gift. While few details have been released about the upcoming collection, Westbrook is set to host a pop-up shop in Oklahoma City tomorrow to debut the line.  According to a press release, Honor the Gift is a "brand of self belief and dedication to honor the gift ‘He’ has given you. Shaped into different product offerings that represent a personal promise to challenge all and achieve greatness no matter what hardship.” The pop-up shop will be at Penn Automotive, located at 2104 NW 39th St in Oklahoma City from 2-6pm on Saturday and Sunday. The collection will see a larger online release on November 21. Written by Corey Fuller Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Hermèsmatic is making its final stop in Los Angeles. The pop-up, which launched in celebration of Hermes’ silk squares 80th anniversary, is a series of vibrantly decorated laundromats where customers can either dip-dye their old scarves or buy limited edition ones inside.  The concept is to breathe new life into silk scarves. This innovative and interactive venture allows existing customers to give their worn Hermès scarves a new look using a dip-dye washing technique while also offering the opportunity to purchase a one-of-a-kind scarf from the vintage collections.  The dying is complementary and guests can dye each scarf one color while watching it happen live. There is a choice of three colors: denim blue, fuchsia pink and violet.  The pop-up will be held at Westfield Century City from Friday, November 10 through Sunday, November 19.    Written by Robyn Merrett Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Madonna introduces MDNA SKIN, a skincare line designed to bring out one’s inner beauty regardless of age, gender, or race. Madonna’s line of skin products infuses a combination of nature, science, and technology to highlight radiant skin. The key ingredient for MDNA products is the natural resource of Montecatini. Wellness destination, Montecatini is an ancient Italian municipality infamous for its healing water, mineral clay and olive oil, which are incorporated to bring back youthfully glowing skin. Madonna partnered with MILK from Season 6 of Rupaul's Drag Race for the video “Express Yourself.” MILK is seen dressed in a few of Madonna’s most iconic music video looks. Madonna is heard throughout the video daring her audience to express yourself, love yourself and love your skin.  To purchase MDNA SKIN click here.To follow MDNA SKIN on Instagram click here.To watch the Fat Jewish and Madonna have a spa day click here.   Written by: Morgan Vickery Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   An RTH piece inspired by LACMA art | c/o Los Angeles County Museum of Art The Los Angeles County Museum of Art is partnering with brands RTH and Gabriela Artigas & Co. to create a collection inspired by the current art at the museum. The clothing line appropriately titled "Wear LACMA" is the latest installment in a series the LACMA does in which they bring in independent designers to create unique pieces influenced by art currently on show at that particular time. Independent brand RTH focused on Latin American and American arts currently on show to create necklaces, corsages, and more. A Gabriela Artigas & Co necklace inspired by LACMA art | c/o Los Angeles County Museum of Art Jewelry company Gabriela Artigas & Co. similarly took inspiration from an Ancient Asian collection of art that resulted in pieces like earrings, chokers and more. The collection will be available on LACMA's online store as well as their store on Wilshire Blvd starting November 15. In the meantime, be sure to grab your tickets to the final Pacific Standard Time: LA/LA exhibition they are hosting about Mexican art. For more information on that collection and ticketing, head here. Written by Corey FullerImages c/o LACMA Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Style icon and musician Rihanna will be co-hosting the 2018 Met Gala, according to Vogue. Along with Amal Clooney and Donatella Versace, the three ladies will collectively host the annual event in New York City. The theme for the May 7, 2018 edition of the Met Gala at the Metropolitan Museum of Art is “Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination.” Bad Gal RiRi is no stranger to the Met Gala either. The songstress has attended the luxurious event seven times and has performed twice.  Written by Corey FullerAll Images c/o Getty Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   So excited to share something I've been working on for over a year, @screenshopit! Screenshot any look on Instagram, Snapchat, anywhere and find the exact designer looks you see people wearing online, plus it suggests similar items at all price points! It basically turns your screenshots into a shoppable boutique! Watch my videos for a demonstration. #Screenshop_Ambassador Have you ever come across an outfit you love on Instagram but don’t know where to find it? Well, Kim Kardashian West has developed a solution: The app, called Screenshop, will be the first mobile platform to convert any screenshot on your phone into an online store. Users simply take a screenshot, import it into the app, and it generates shopping results for similar clothing at different price points.  The app is produced by startup developer Craze in partnership with Kim Kardashian West. Kardashian West has worked with the development team for over a year on this exciting new project and took to Instagram to announce its launch. “Fashion is moving from a retail space to digital so quickly,” said Kardashian West.  Screenshop is now available for download in the App Store.      Written by Robyn Merrett Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                 Shane Gonzales, founder and creative director of Midnight Studios, is the next big contemporary designer emerging from the Los Angeles fashion scene. His clothes have been featured on the likes of A$AP Rocky, Ian Connor, Lil Uzi Vert, Joey Badass, and more. Gonzales' garments highlight moments in punk culture, giving a refreshing outlook on the streetwear industry. We spoke to Shane to get the inside scoop on his evolving company and FW17 line, out today (Nov. 7). When did you start your brand, Midnight Studios? I can’t recall an exact date or month anymore, but sometime around early 2014. It’s kind of a grey area, because I was printing "Midnight" on random shit before then with no intentions of really creating this brand or making it what it is today. Would you consider your clothes to be predominately menswear, womenswear, or unisex? When it comes down to classifying it as one “genre,” I would say its predominately menswear. However, I’m working on making the line a bit more unisex and approachable for women in upcoming seasons. I think nowadays the line between menswear and womenswear has become so transparent that it really doesn’t matter anymore. Women wear men’s clothes and vice versa.  When you’re brainstorming ideas for collections and individual garments what is your artistic process? My artistic process always kind of starts at a thrift store. I’ll find one thing I like randomly after digging for an hour and it evolves into several styles or at least sparks an idea for more. Sometimes I’ll be revisiting a band’s music catalogue and I’ll base an entire season off their music and personal style. It all comes organically and changes on the state of mind I’m in at that moment. How has Punk culture influenced your designs? Punk culture is really the forefront of Midnight Studios. It started with a DIY attitude and perspective while keeping those roots throughout the growth of the brand. Over the years we’ve done our best to translate Rock & Roll history into our collections. FW15 was in collaboration with Steve Emberton and the Sex Pistols. FW16, with the Stone Roses and SS17 with Julia Gorton and her archive of punk photography and artworks.  On Instagram you document your film photography capturing moments from a wide range of celebrities: Skepta, Gucci Mane, A$AP Rocky, and Mick Jagger to name a few.When did your interest in photography begin and how has it influenced your career as an artistic director? I developed an interest for photography early on. I bought a camera at 13 and tried to learn digital photography, but unfortunately never really figured it all out. I kind of dropped that whole passion when I started creating clothes. Recently, I realized I wanted to start documenting some of the places I’ve been and people I’m with on a day to day basis. I came across a film camera about a year ago, and learned how to use it very quickly, so I just bring it with me everywhere now. Last year, you and Virgil made a series of shirts and hoodies together. What was that collaborative process like? The process behind Midnight Studios/Off-White was nothing more than a few texts and facetime calls from what I can remember. It started with a pre-existing concept I’ve been doing with reprinting vintage shirts. The discussion of collaborating together came up and the idea of splitting garments in half and reconstructing them seemed fitting. I made some samples, texted images to Virgil and that was it. He picked them up, took them to Paris with him for his FW16 show, and next thing I knew they were in all major Off-White retailers. If you could dress any fashion icon in head to toe Midnight, who would it be and why? Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo and Thomas Bangalterof Daft Punk. I’ve been a huge fan of them for at least 10 years now, and it’s always been a dream to contribute to their list of incredible fashion moments and synchronized outfits. What was your inspiration behind your last collection, Safety Pin? “Safety Pin” was a very simple collection for me garment-wise. It was focused on Julia Gorton and her archive of punk imagery and collage works. I used traditional silhouettes like hoodies, straight leg jeans, rain jackets and stuff like that, all emblazoned with bits and pieces of her works on each.  What can we expect from your FW17 collection? For FW17, I brought in one of my favorite bands and the godfathers of “Goth” Rock, Bauhaus. The collection is one of the largest to date for me and ranges from T-shirts to oversized sweatshirts to suits. We’ve also collaborated with GUESS Jeans for our new range of denim jackets and jeans. In the future, what areas do you hope to grow and expand on in the fashion industry, and why? I could grow in a million different ways, but I’m just focusing on longevity and taking my time to perfect the present state of the brand. Eventually I want to do runway, expand into footwear, open flagships worldwide, and continue to collaborate with my friends and people who inspire me. To shop Midnight Studios FW17 line click here. Written by: Morgan Vickery Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    All images courtesy of G-Star Raw.     Yesterday (November 4), G-Star RAW teased their new special collection "Uniform of The Free" in an unveiling at ComplexCon. Fashion mogul, music icon, and co-owner of the brand Pharrell Williams launched the trade show debut, rocking a spiffy one-piece G-Star jumpsuit from the new set. Appearances were also made by previous men's ambassador of New York Fashion Week J-Balvin and G-Star RAW Chief Marketing Officer Theca Schaeffer.  RAW's booth set-up was assembled as a creative office space where models sat behind various colorful desks typing away on old-fashioned typewriters. Each one of them had G-Star suits on as they were hard at work, handling their business. The collection is far from your traditional suit, allowing the individuality of those who wear the uniform to still shine. "Uniform of The Free" is set to drop next year in stores and online in April 2018.  Check out the photos in the gallery above for a sneak peek of the collection and what went down at the event. Written by Kelly AnPhotos courtesy of G-Star RAW Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   THE EMPEROR OF NEW CLOTHES. ARTIST GEORGE CONDO, A FRIEND, CREATED MULTI-COLORED PORTRAIT OF RAF SIMONS (2017), ABOVE, FOR WSJ. MAGAZINE. Image via Calvin Klein  Since taking over as creative director of Calvin Klein, Belgian designer Raf Simons has achieved multiple landmarks throughout his career. After recently being nominated for Designer of the Year by the British fashion council, Raf Simons talks with The Wall Street Journal, giving insight through an expansive new feature story.  As WSJ, he speaks of his journey to America and his goal to take on the multi-billion dollar label Calvin Klein. Simons mentions how his second collection for the label— titled Calvin Klein 205W39NYC—wasn’t to please the typical American clownishness that Europeans occasionally fetishize. The collection brought subtle controversy. Simons states that, “It’s about American horror and American beauty. Fashion sometimes tries to hide the things that are maybe not so good. It should not be so naive to deny our reality day in, day out. This house has a big voice and a responsibility.” Billboard artwork: Andy Warhol, Elvis 11 Times (Studio Type), 1963 © The Andy Warhol Foundation / ARS, photographed at The Andy Warhol Museum, Pittsburgh. CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC Fall 2017: photographed May 2017, Mojave Desert, California Further into the interview, Simons speaks on his inspiration as a designer and his early influences growing up in Belgium, such as New Order, Joy Division and David Bowie, saying, “I naturally connect more to art than anything. I don’t really connect to fashion so much besides my own. I find art way more interesting — to look at, to experience, to have a dialogue about.” Raf goes further into his creative process by sharing, “I think basically what I’m interested in now at Calvin is exploring what I don’t know yet and linking it to things that I know very well. What I don’t know yet is what appears to Americans as very normal— a milk bottle, a landscape, a word people here use. Stupid things — a barn, a canoe, a river. [In Europe], we don’t have a barn. We don’t have a canoe the way you have a canoe. Don’t ask me why I find it inspiring.” Whether from his work at Calvin Klein or his label of his own name, Raf Simons has inspired many fashion icons of today's generation, including rapper A$AP Rocky. After working on his own label, Simons over the years became known as a hip-hop hero. Rocky expands on his love for Simons’ label saying, “His Sterling Ruby beige coat from 2014, with the patchwork, the colors, the stripes — perfect, man! I run that all the time. He’s always been about graphics and rebellion, being a teenage boy, and I relate to that even now. One of the kids in my crew even has a big Raf Simons tat all across his stomach.” Be sure to head to The Wall Street Journal to see the full interview.  Written by Alex Ceballos Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   After recently being nominated as model of the year from the British Fashion Council, Adwoa Aboah has recently been named the new face of Marc Jacobs Beauty. Aboah has been seen all over multiple luxury label campaigns and walking the runways recently in fashion weeks around the world. Her unique style and look brings her to the top of the list for many fashion, editorial, and ad campaigns.  Photography courtesy of Marc Jacobs Beauty Marc Jacobs Beauty took to Instagram, showing off their new muse with stunning photographs— exemplifying the model's features. The first of many photographs illustrates Aboah in a colorful look wearing a woven hat and bright sheer scarf, showcasing her natural eye makeup and bold red lip— which is the same tone as the red flower leaning on her shoulder.  Photography courtesy of Marc Jacobs Beauty This isn’t the first time Aboah has worked with the likes of Marc Jacobs. She had her runway debut with the label at the Marc Jacobs Fall 2017 show in NYFW. Aboah stated recently to InStyle, "Marc gave me my first fashion show in New York City. It was a dream come true and from that point on, he has been one of my biggest supporters. I am so excited to be the new face of Marc Jacobs Beauty, and to have been able to work alongside Marc once again is truly inspirational. His attention to detail is like no other and you see his vision instantly come to life." To see more head to Marc Jacobs Beauty Instagram.  Written by Alex Ceballos Photography courtesy of Marc Jacobs Beauty @marcbeauty Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Step up your holiday gift game this year with the new Tiffany & Co. Home and Accessories collection. With this seasonal line you can expect to find sterling silver crazy straws for $250, leather table tennis paddles for $650 and coffee cans for $1,500. The collection also includes a tic-tac-toe set, China paper cups and more. See more of the line here.  Written by Robyn Merrett  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Superdry x Parker Day: Exhibition and Store Opening Party, November 1, 2017, Westfield Century City Mall, courtesy of BOLD Communications, Los Angeles, photos by Sansho Scott/BFA.com  Superdry x Parker Day: Exhibition and Store Opening Party, November 1, 2017, Westfield Century City Mall, courtesy of BOLD Communications, Los Angeles, photos by Sansho Scott/BFA.com.  Superdry x Parker Day: Exhibition and Store Opening Party, November 1, 2017, Westfield Century City Mall, courtesy of BOLD Communications, Los Angeles, photos by Sansho Scott/BFA.com.  Superdry x Parker Day: Exhibition and Store Opening Party, November 1, 2017, Westfield Century City Mall, courtesy of BOLD Communications, Los Angeles, photos by Sansho Scott/BFA.com.  Superdry x Parker Day: Exhibition and Store Opening Party, November 1, 2017, Westfield Century City Mall, courtesy of BOLD Communications, Los Angeles, photos by Sansho Scott/BFA.com.  Superdry x Parker Day: Exhibition and Store Opening Party, November 1, 2017, Westfield Century City Mall, courtesy of BOLD Communications, Los Angeles, photos by Sansho Scott/BFA.com. Last night (November 1), Superdry celebrated the grand opening of their new flagship store at Westfield Century City in Los ANgeles with tons of art, music, and fashion. The event featured photographs from LA artist Parker Day, a musical performance from Odd Future member Hodgy, appearances from LA style icons Bradley Soileau, Josephine Lee, Roman Sipe, and much more.  Check out Flaunt's gallery above for exclusive photos of the night.  Written by Kelly AnPhotos by Sansho Scott/BFA.com Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       For this edition of Flaunt's newest segment, Closet Visits, we had the pleasure of interviewing social media superstar Liane V. Liane has broken the mold and is one of the first creators in the digital space to release her own capsule collection with a legacy fashion brand: GbyGuess. After spending time with Paul Marciano himself in Lake Cuomo, Italy, the legendary fashion guru took such a liking to Liane that he gave her the opportunity to have creative control over a 10-piece, holiday-inspired line within the brand. With crushed velvet draping and shimmering overlays, the line is sure to be a hit for the upcoming holiday season.  Flaunt met up with the multi-hyphenate cyber-space celebrity take a peek inside her bedroom-sized closet to discuss confidence, comfort and the collaboration of a lifetime with GbyGuess. What's the number one thing you consider when choosing an outfit?  I’m all about comfort. I love wearing comfortable things, even if it's uncomfortable I try to make it comfortable.  What is a huge fashion NO for you?  Wearing something in public that you're just not comfortable in. When you’re not comfortable in what you're wearing it can make you feel so insecure and I want every girl that wears my collection to feel confident. Confidence is really important to me and every piece I have in my GbyGuess collection, I know women can feel confident in.  What is your favorite item in your closet?  This is another one of my favorite pieces, this is the first dress I wore to my first Guess fashion show with Paul Marciano. So this is definitely a dress I’ll never forget. It’s fun and I feel like an emoji every time I wear it. How do you feel about sharing clothes?  I let a lot of my friends borrow my clothes, which is fine, they’re pretty good at returning them. It’s dress up time whenever my friends come over. How did your collaboration with GbyGuess come about?  Guess is an amazing brand that I've loved all my life. So when they wanted me to do a line I was honestly in shock. I had no idea that this could even possible.  I started by working with GbyGuess and a little later down the line they approached me in regards to designing a 10-piece collection. They said they wanted to launch it around November. So I wanted to come out with something that's like a holiday collection.  To keep up with Liane V. and her ever evolving wardrobe click here and be sure to check out the pieces from her GbyGuess collection in the gallery above.  Written by: Eva BarraganAdditional interviewing by Linda NyvltovaCloset photos by Jose Cervantez with additional images provided by GUESS Inc.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Pharrell Williams' N*E*R*D project teamed up with Rihanna to release their first single since their 2010 album Nothing. The single, "Lemon" premiered on Beats 1 Wednesday (Nov. 1), just minutes before a music video was dropped as well.  The music video features one of Williams' dancers, Mette Towley, and she quickly becomes the focus of the video as she dances to the track in a store throughout the video.  Rumors of a new album have been circulating, and it seems this single is one more reason fans have to believe one is coming very soon. The group will also be reuniting at this weekend's ComplexCon Saturday night (Nov. 4) in Long Beach, California.  CHAMP HOOD  Further more, N*E*R*D are celebrating the release of their first single in seven years by partnering with Adidas. They will be introducing a Training Gear collection for Fall/Winter 2017, this will be an exclusive collection that will represent each members distinct style. The collection hopes to connect people through energy, music, and color. It will include 88 apparel and accessory pieces for both men and women such as: hoody, short, tee, ZNE pant, TECHFIT tights and bra. The collection will be available at Adidas Flagship stores, and online on November 6.  Written by Evelyn MateosTitle Image Via Jam Sutton/UMG  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   No question, Pharrell's work with Adidas has created some of the most hyped sneakers of the past couple years. His Human Race NMD sneakers have solidified him as a legitimate sneaker designer, and now rumors of a special NMD with luxury brand Chanel have officially been confirmed. After sneaker leak account Yeezy Mafia originally leaked pictures/mock-ups of the alleged collaboration months back, French retailer Colette has confirmed that the sneaker will drop at its Parisian shop and select online retailers next month. Although the pictures above haven't officially been confirmed as official images of the sneaker, it's safe to say the rendition above will closely match the actual product. Pharrell is also making news with his music as well. He's been teasing new music from his N.E.R.D group to drop, plus he is headlining ComplexCon in Long Beach this weekend. For more information on Chanel's takeover of Colette head here. The official release date for the sneaker is November 25. Written by Corey Fuller Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   All new @hm Holiday Campaign shot in Scotland. Stay tuned. 🎀 #HM Nicki Minaj has a special Christmas present for her fans. The Queens rapstress announced via Instagram that she will be starring in the new H&M Holiday Campaign.  H&M also took to Instagram with the same image to confirm the news. The post was captioned, “They say a picture says more than 1,000 words, but let’s say it out loud, too: @nickiminaj is one of the stars in our upcoming holiday campaign.”  The partnership with H&M is no new relationship for Minaj as she wore H&M to the 2017 Met Gala.  Although photos from the campaign have not been released we are sure it will be a perfect combination of Nicki’s vibrant persona and H&M’s timeless elegance. Written by Robyn Merrett Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   After 17 years, Burberry’s president and chief creative officer, Christopher Bailey, is leaving the London based brand.  Bailey joined Burberry in May 2001 as a design director and became creative director in 2004, and chief creative officer in 2009. Under Bailey, Burberry has grown into both a reputable luxury brand and innovative fashion house. He is credited for transforming the company to not only a modern fashion label (they were the first brand to live-steam its show and premiere a collection on Snapchat), but also a charitable foundation. In 2008, Bailey established the Burberry Foundation which is dedicated to helping young people realize their dreams and potential through the power of their creativity.  Bailey said in a statement: “It has been the great privilege of my working life to be at Burberry, working alongside and learning from such an extraordinary group of people over the last 17 years. I do truly believe, however, that Burberry’s best days are still ahead of her and that the company will go from strength to strength with the strategy we have developed and the exceptional talent we have in place led by Marco. I would like to thank all my colleagues as well as Sir John Peace and the Board for all their support and faith in me over the years. I am excited to pursue new creative projects but remain fully committed to the future success of this magnificent brand and to ensuring a smooth transition." Bailey will resign at the end of 2018 with the Spring show being his last. He will remain chief creative officer until March, 31, 2018 and will assist chief executive officer Marco Gobetti on the transition.    Written by Robyn Merrett Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017        For Fall/Winter 2017, Harmony Paris releases a contemporary collection enhancing the minimalist concept. The collection, titled Hotel Chevalier was I inspired by Wes Anderson’s  2007 film of the same name. The movie, starring Jason Schwartzman and Natalie Portman, was about two long-lost lovers who eventually meet again in a hotel room in Paris.  The Collection features creatively constructed silhouettes, and intricate designs. Highlight pieces include a bold leather sherpa jacket, baby camel wool knit pieces, and their tweed coats are something everyone is going to want to add to their closets. Be sure to see more from Harmony Paris’ Fall/ Winter 2017 collection in the gallery above, or head to their website to see more. Written by Alex Ceballos Photography courtesy of Harmony Paris                                                                                                                                                                                        Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Kate Moss, shot by Mario-Sorrenti  Calvin and Kelly Klein, shot by Albert Watson  Natalia Vodianova, shot by Mario Sorrenti  Calvin-Klein, shot by Bruce Weber  Christy Turlington, Bruce Weber  Kate Moss, shot by David Sims Next week (Nov. 7) designer Calvin Klein will release his eponymous book, CALVIN KLEIN. Iconic photographers like Patrick Demarchelier and Mario Sorrenti's classic work for his line's campaigns will be featured inside. The set is divided into three themes: Minimalist, Rebellious and Stories. Readers will have an opportunity to learn more about not only the brand, but the man. All images were chosen by Klein to give a thorough look back at his past and consistent growth as a designer and provocateur throughout decades of providing the fashion world with dynamic products. Above, check out a few photos from CALVIN KLEIN and make sure that this must-have coffee table book is in your living room by ordering your own ASAP. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The weather this week touched triple digits here in Los Angeles, making it the perfect time to lounge poolside with a pair of models from Two Model Management. Anna Modler and Eleanor Hayes are the latest models to partake in Flaunt's Poolaroid series. Scroll through below to check out some unique facts about these lovely ladies. What is the last picture you took on your phone? A picture of my boyfriend by the fountain at The Grove. Best compliment you've ever received? "Wow, you're so independent!" First thought when you woke up this morning? OH SHIT! I'M LATE!! What's something you never leave home without? My phone, lip balm, and a good book! Describe your beauty routine. I wash my face every morning and before I go to bed. Moisturizing is key. What is the last picture you took on your phone? My socks. Best compliment you've ever received? "I gave my daughter your name." First thought when you woke up this morning? It's cold. What's something you never leave home without? Clothing. Describe your beauty routine. Drink water, always take off makeup. Produced and Photographed by Linda NyvltovaAll Models with Two Model Management insta Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   It was an A-list affair on Thursday (Oct. 26) as stars and fashion influencers flocked to the former American Stock Exchange building in New York City to celebrate the opening of Volez, Vogez, Voyagez - Louis Vuitton. The exhibition was curated by historian, Oliver Saillard, and remembers Louis Vuitton’s eminent journey from 1854 to now.  This thematic excursion through time was designed by artistic director and set designer Robert Carsen. The exhibit was divided into 10 chapters that took up two floors. It was packed with signature trunks, monogrammed leathers and artist collaborations. Some of the chapters included categories like automobiles, train, travel and celebrities. The celebrity styled room featured “the most famous” outfits worn on the red carpet including Madonna’s 2009 Met Gala dress and Nicole Kidman’s 2015 Oscar gown.  Following the exhibition preview, guests were invited to Pier 17 to vibe out with a DJ set from Mark Ronson and Off-White’s Virgil Abloh.  The exhibition will be open to the public from October 27, 2017 through January 7, 2018.  For more information, click here.    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Serge Ibaka | all images by Bil Brown | FASHION CREDITS: Vest by DIOR HOMME, Sweater by SALVATORE FERRAGAMO, and Serge's own jeans Style and the NBA go hand-in-hand nowadays. Whether it's what you're rocking as they're walking through the tunnel into the locker room or how creating their latest signature sneaker, it is something cameras are checking for as much as a big dunk, block or swished jumper. Toronto Raptors power forward Serge Ibaka sports a lengthy 6' 10 body. For him it's all about being selective when it comes to getting the freshest outfit off. Flaunt caught up with Ibaka to discuss his style and his game. Check out our conversation with the Congolese big man below. What does your style say about your game? I think the confidence and consistency are two aspects that can be shown in both situations. Not too flashy, but definitely standing out.  What have you added to your hoops game over the years?  Every year is part of an evolution as a player. You have to add different aspects to your game because the game evolves too. I’ve been trying to add offensive capabilities, but without forgetting that defense is my trademark.  Coat by OFF-WHITE and Shirt by REPRESENT Tailoring is huge for someone like you. What was the process of finding out exactly how you want to look like? How do you want your clothes to fit you? I like my clothes to adapt to my body and to be unique. It's a process of finding what looks good on you and having confidence. Your style evolves with time. What will you absolutely never ever be seen wearing? I think that If you have style and confidence you can try anything.  Coat by DRIES VAN NOTEN, Sweater by ETRO, and Serge's own jeans Who are your style icons? My father and all Congolese stylish men. In Congo, we take style seriously and we know how to dress.  When you're on road trips, what are things you definitely always remember to pack? Depends on the city and the mood, but something comfortable and stylish at the same time. Want to be comfortable when traveling or hanging out in a city but also elegant and confident when going to the games.  Who would you say the top five best dressed athletes are?  Russell Westbrook, Samuel Eto'o, David Beckham, Dwyane Wade and, of course, Serge Ibaka. Written by Brad WetePhotographed by Bil Brown Styled by Jason Rembert  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017          PSWL | Images c/o Proenza Schouler New York-based brand Proenza Schouler is prepping their latest launch of clothes titled PSWL. Focusing on denim, t-shirts, sweatshirts and casual outerwear, the brand will weave everyday wardrobe essentials into their latest line.  Founders of the brand Jack McCollough and Lazaro Hernandez say about their newest collection, "It has always been a goal of ours to fully develop a well-rounded and balanced collection that mixes the high-end with the everyday in a way that speaks to both many of our personal friends, and to the designer customer we’ve developed over the years. A more casual lifestyle has always been true to who we are as individuals, and true of many women in our lives. With PSWL we feel that we can now address both ends of the spectrum in a way that feels totally authentic to us and relevant to the way people dress today.”  There will be two deliveries of PSWL with one arriving in November and the other in January of next year. The first drop on November 6, the line will be available at the brand's two stores in New York as well as on their online shop. Additionally, the collaboration extends via creative presentations with select global retailers including Nordstrom, The Webster, Lane Crawford and more. Prices in the collection will ranger from $195-$1,195. Written by Corey Fuller / @cjames4_Talent: Chloe Sevigny / @chloesevignyPhotographer: Ricky Saiz  / @rickysaizStylist: Haley Wollens / @haleywollensMakeup: Ingeborg / @ingmakeup Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Odd Future leader Tyler, The Creator is readying his massive Camp Flog Gnaw Carnival for this weekend in Exposition Park in Los Angeles, and just in time, Tyler has announced the opening of a new GOLF store set to open its doors on Fairfax Ave tomorrow (October 26). Last night images of Tyler and Frank Ocean circulated the internet at a party celebrating the opening of the store.  It's unclear whether the store is a pop-up coinciding with Camp Flog Gnaw or if the store will permanently be fixed on one of LA's more popular shopping streets. Tyler's festival includes him, Kid Cudi, A$AP Rocky, Lana Del Rey, and many more as headliners. His GOLF clothing line has been improving over the last couple of years, including his latest lookbook he just released a few weeks ago. Tyler also took to Twitter to announce that his second sneaker with Converse will be released on November 2 and will be released at the new GOLF store. The store's address is 350 N Fairfax Ave in Los Angeles.  Written by Corey Fuller Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                    Photo via Yeezy Captured throughout the streets of Calabasas, Jackie Nickerson's latest work in Kanye West's Yeezy Calabasas collection 2 zine reveals a postmodern vibe to life in Los Angeles. Featuring bright yellow Chevy Impala, a mashup of phone lines, and highway signs any LA native would recognize, the zine captures the essence of contemporary So-Cal living.  The zine is being sent out to anyone who had the chance to place an order for Yeezy's new 700 Wave Runner trainers and the second drop of the Yeezy Calabasas Collection. The zine stars familiar faces Tremaine Emory (creative consultant of No Vacancy Inn) and Melissa Collett (creative director of WORME) and showcases the couple throughout the streets of LA. Be sure to check out the collaborative work of Jackie Nickerson and Kanye West in the gallery above.  Written by Alex CeballosPhotography courtesy of Yeezy Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Alex Tuttle  Patricia Lagmay and Whitney Olschwanger   Jenny Slate and Busy Philipps  Jade Lai  Lisa Cole and Nate Cole  Jayne Min, Yara Flinn and Linda Wong   Creatures of Comfort is back and better than ever! CoC is leaving its old address on Melrose and moving into the heart of Silver Lake. To mark the occasion, the fashion label threw a chic, bustling cocktail party at the store where we indulged in foie gras macaroons amidst many highly covetable items. A dinner under the trees of Sawyer followed. Among the star-studded and fashionable crowdto support Creatures of Comfort founder Jade Lai were attendees Jenny Slate, Busy Phillips, Annina Mislin, and Nate and Lisa Cole. The shop itself is like a candy store of good design, boasting light and airy interiors where a beautiful variety of plants complimenting the label’s minimalist designs were juxtaposed with must-have trousers, soft sweaters, luxe beauty essentials, metallic camera bags, and more. The new store, located at 3902 Sunset Boulevard, is the perfect place to stop during a lazy weekend stroll down Sunset. With famed La Colombe coffee roasters opening up next door, it’s sure to be a new jewel in the Silver Lake crown.  Written by Britton LitowPhotos courtesy of Stefanie Keenan/Getty Images Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Twins at the Beach, Nassau, 1949 Photography by Louise Dahl-Wolfe, Collection Staley Wise Galley, ©1989 Center for Creative Photography, Arizona Board of Regents  Liz Gibbons as Photographer, 1938 Photography by Louise Dahl-Wolfe, Collection Staley Wise Galley, ©1989 Center for Creative Photography, Arizona Board of Regents  Opening Day for Trade Buyers, Dior’s,1946 Photography by Louise Dahl-Wolfe, Collection Staley Wise Galley, ©1989 Center for Creative Photography, Arizona Board of Regents  Suzy Parker by the Seine, Costume by Balenciaga, 1953 Photography by Louise Dahl-Wolfe, Collection Staley Wise Galley, ©1989 Center for Creative Photography, Arizona Board of Regents  Looking at Matisse, Museum of Modern Art, 1939 Photography by Louise Dahl-Wolfe, Collection Staley Wise Galley, ©1989 Center for Creative Photography, Arizona Board of Regents Suzy Parker in Dior Hat, Tuileries, Paris, 1950. Photography by Louise Dahl-Wolfe, Collection Staley Wise Galley, ©1989 Center for Creative Photography, Arizona Board of Regents Throughout the history of fashion photography, the industry has been overshadowed by male figures, but Louise Dahl-Wolfe prevailed from this conventional idea and remained at the forefront of her artistry for her entire career. Creating some of the most iconic photographs for multiple magazines, Dahl-Wolfe alone was responsible for creating the social image of the modern and independent women during her heyday. Louise Dahl-Wolfe was most noted for her work as a staff photographer at Harper’s Bazaar— along with the renowned trio of the magazine editor Carmel Snow, art director Alexey Brodovitch, and fashion director Diana Vreeland— together the magazine broke the barrier in fashion, publishing some of the most prominent photographs of the era.  Harper’s Bazaar Cover, June 1953. Photography by Louise Dahl-Wolfe, Collection Staley Wise Galley, ©1989 Center for Creative Photography, Arizona Board of Regents, Courtesy of Terence Pepper Collection Today (October 20) the first retrospective of her work is to be staged in the UK at London’s Fashion and Textile Museum. Louise Dahl-Wolfe: A Style Of Her Own exhibits works from across Dahl-Wolfe’s extensive photography career, giving insight into a selection of 86 cover shoots, in which she shot during her time at Harper’s Bazaar between 1936 and 1958. It also includes her first works as a documentary photographer, which launched her career, and her praised portraits of Jean Cocteau, Orson Welles, Bette Davis, Edith Sitwell, Vivien Leigh and Veronica Lake. Be sure to check out more of Dahl-Wolfes iconic photographs in the gallery above.  Behind the lens, Dahl-Wolfe was noted for her way of creating a story through her images. She shot modern day women of the mid 20th century era by illustrating what fashion historian and curator Valerie Steele termed “the American look.” She combined luxury labels like Gucci, Chanel, and Dior with ready-to-wear American sportswear, giving models in her work ansignature look. She was also one of the first photographers to work in color film, experimenting with Kodachrome in 1937.  Dahl-Wolfe showed some of the first celebrities of her time, being able to capture someone in a way that was entirely new to society giving her the power to fame someone through her work. Louise Dahl-Wolfe was responsible for giving birth to the first generation of supermodels; she worked with the likes of Jean Patchett, Evelyn Tripp, Mary Jane Russell and Suzy Parker.  Night-Sailing Coats, 1955. Photography by Louise Dahl-Wolfe, Collection Staley Wise Galley, ©1989 Center for Creative Photography, Arizona Board of Regents Louise Dahl-Wolfe remained at the vanguard of her craft throughout her career and is one of the few who revolutionized fashion photography to what it is today. She influenced a variety of successors— such as Avedon and Penn— and set the boundary for esteemed magazine curation. Written by Alex Ceballos Photography by Louise Dahl-Wolfe, Collection Staley Wise Galley, ©1989 Center for Creative Photography, Arizona Board of Regents Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    DIOR HOMME poncho.  RICK OWENS jumpsuit and sleeve.  GUCCI jacket, jumpsuit, and pants and CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes.  Left to right: GOSHA RUBCHINSKIY tracksuit and GIVENCHY shoes. VALENTINO coat, sweater, and pants and FLORSHEIM LIMITED shoes.  LOUIS VUITTON jacket and pants and KENNETH COLE shoes.  FENDI coat and pants.  BALENCIAGA sweatshirt, pants, and shoes.  Left to right: TOM FORD jacket, sweater, and pants and DRIES VAN NOTEN shoes. HERON PRESTON t-shirt and sweatpants and CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes.  Left to right: GIVENCHY sweater, tank top, pants, skirt flap belt, and necklaces. COMME DE GARCONS HOMME PLUS jacket, t-shirt, and shorts and KENNETH COLE  Left to right: SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO shirt and jeans. OFF-WHITE C/O VIRGIL ABLOH jacket and pants and GIVENCHY shoes. Photographer Jovan Todorovic is redefining the city look in our latest shoot with models Carlton Ruth and Paul Koehler. Putting an exclamation point on fashion in a metropolitan, check out or gallery above of Todorovic's latest work for Flaunt. Style Director:  Long NguyenFashion Editor: Zaquan ChampAssistant: Gianna DoModels:  Paul Koehler and Carlton Ruth  Grooming Notes:  CLARINS men’s super moisture gel and revitalizing gel. BUMBLE & BUMBLE sumoclay, sumowax and sumotech.     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       From the paparazzi shouting "who is she" as little ol' me arrived sporting shiny pink slippers—to the champagne served in a crystal flute and placed in my hand as I entered the gallery: everything about last night (Oct. 19) shouted "class" and "celebrity." When I hear Tommy Hilfiger my mind goes straight to clothes, so I was surprised to find mostly furniture. Items such as an Irish mahogany billiard table, Tommy Hilfiger signed Gibson guitar, images on Iman and David Bowie, Christian Dior tray tables, and plenty more are available. All the pieces are from Hilfiger's private collection and the proceeds will benefit Autism Speaks.  I joined fashionistas, designers, influencers, and Hilfiger's family and friends, at Julien's Auctions in West Hollywood, for the reception and live auction. Friends of Hilfiger's such like Kris Jenner, Lisa Rinna, and Quincy Jones came to admire the pieces, mingle, and play dress up at the Frankie Collective Tommy Hilfiger vintage pop up shop.  The vibe was elegant yet casual. All the guests mingled, laughed, and shared an appreciation for cocktails, ahi tuna, and a good cause.  Check out images above and don't miss the auction, which you can join in person or online, this Saturday, October 21st.  Written by Devin Hendricks     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                   Photos via Hermés Last night, October 18, Hermés Beverly Hills hosted an in-store exhibition to discover the label's newest gold and silver jewelry collection Chaine D’ancre Punk. It was curated by Floor Director of Hermés,  Jessica Fuentes. Back in 1938, Robert Dumas of Hermés drew inspiration from a ship's anchor chain while walking on a docking port in Normandy. This inspiration correlated with the house's original roots of the horse's harness and has become a vital icon in creating bijouterie. The Chaine D’ancre Punk collection embodies Hermés’ classic antiquity while possessing the intuition to reinvent itself. Pierre Hardy, creative director of Hermés fine jewelry division, deconstructs in order to better rebuild. Hardy revolutionizes the Chaine d’ancre link into a safety pin, recalling the most adumbrative accessory of the "punk" wardrobe while still challenging the established order.  The in-store exhibition exemplifies the Chaine D’ancre collection using display totems inspired by the deconstructive and dauntless themes embodied in the collection. It was previously showcased in San Francisco in September and will present again in Houston in November. Check out the photos from last night's event in the gallery above. Written by Alex CeballosPhotography courtesy of Hermés  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017               Photos by Lauren Lotz  Photo by Lauren Lotz  Photo by Lauren Lotz  Photo by Lauren Lotz  Photo by Lauren Lotz  Photo by Lauren Lotz  Photo by Lauren Lotz  Photo by Lauren Lotz  Photo by Lauren Lotz  Photo by Lauren Lotz  Photo by Lauren Lotz  Photo by Lauren Lotz Wednesday (Oct. 18) Erdem and H&M transformed The Ebell on Wilshire Boulevard into a darkly romantic, lush English garden filled from floor to ceiling with an array of plant life. The historic Ebell, since 1897, is an educational and philanthropic women's club, which seemedfitting for Erdem.  The seating for the show spanned maze-like from indoors to the outside garden and the seats themselves were all vintage re-upholstered chairs, some with fabric from the collection. It truly was as if one had stepped out of Los Angeles and entered a hidden, magical pocket of fantasy. Baz Luhrmann's special short film, which debuted following the show further, confirmed that these pieces of clothes are part of dream territory. Yet, with the pop-up shop that opened directly after, they became actively part of reality. The collection marked the first time Erdem has shown menswear. And while the pieces suit men beautifully, the blazers on women are are also pretty fantastic, as modeled on the runway. As all good evenings tend to end, there was dancing to music. The music that night was created by the ever-inspiring Grimes, who delivered one of her classically energetic performances, and reminded us that one of the luckiest parts of attending great events like this, is the opportunity to see incredible performers in an intimate setting and dance your heart out.  Notable impressive humans at the event were the Kirsten Dunst, Zendaya, Alexa Chung, Neels Visser, Kate Mara, and Selma Blair.  Lastly, don't forget (as if you could) to mark your calendars for November 2nd when the collection hits the stores. There are too many must-haves to list, but if you do come across a spare pajama top (which looked divine on Kirsten Dunst--as if she wouldn't look divine in anything, though), you know where to find us.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   In this week's Poolaroid series, we had a poolside chat with The Dragonfly Agency models Christian Cook, Jesus Aguinaga, and Myles Rodney. Scroll down for photos and to see what the models had to say about autumn trends, biggest kitchen screw-ups, and beauty routines. Be sure to follow Flaunt Magazine on Instagram as well for more Poolaroids and more content. Insta Top 5 songs on your playlist: "Blank Space," "Get Outta My Car," "Sweet Sixteen," "Tear Away," "Miss You." Favorite places to go shopping:  Kooples, Barney's, Emporio Armani. What's the most boring activity imaginable? Watching sports. Autumn trends in your closet? Lots of beanies and cashmere. What is the ugliest thing you own? Short American flag spandex shorts from Target :) What are you wearing this season? A lot of hoodies. Also, a lot of jeans. Which fictional character would be amazing to meet in person? Coraline from the movie, Coraline. What is the best and worst clothing purchase you've ever made? Best: Army green Supreme hoodie.Worst: Nike running shoes. What is your biggest screw up in the kitchen? I'm always dropping eggs. Most interesting thing you've read or seen this week: I just saw It for the first time.  What is the last picture you took on your phone? A selfie. Best compliment you've received? You have amazing presents: Power. First thought when you woke up this morning? What am I wearing? What's something you never leave home without? Phone. Describe your beauty routines. Wake up, eat a Pop Tart, eat pizza, sleep. Photographed and Produced by Linda Nyvltova (@lindanyvltova)Featured Models, all with The Dragonfly Agency (@dflyla) Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      “I’ll be there at 4:12 according to Waze. SO SORRY.” I refreshed my email to read a message from Pia Arrobio, designer and creative director of LPA the Label, who I’m here to interview on this sunny Friday evening. As I wait on her steps and take in the beauty of Venice, she pulls up. Pia’s the type of cool you aspire to be. The type of cool you pretend you are on a first date. Arrobio hops out her glossy Range Rover and runs over to me ,dressed in lustrous leather trousers paired with satin flats. It’s no secret that she has an eye for style. “Hi! I’m Pia!" she says as we hug. "Welcome to my home lets go in. I think we should chat in my backyard. It’s so cute.” Her home is cozy yet eclectic.  As we sit and sip on Pamplemousse LaCroix she begins to tell me how and where it all began.  “Clothes were always a big deal for me,” Arrobio starts. In 2005 she picked up everything and left Pasadena to study at Parson’s School of Design in New York City. “I was just immersed in a community of creatives and I couldn’t have been more inspired.” Pia recalls. While there she found herself working as a freelance producer for Angela Boatwright and it was then that she realized she was skilled in organizing shoots, working on sets and directing models. She later left Parson’s and began working for People’s Revolution under fashion publicist Kelly Cutrone. “It was full Devil Wears Prada mode there," Arrobio says, "completely crazy. But I got the experience I needed. It led me to my next job.”  She left People’s Revolution and started working for Reformation doing in-house public relations.   “I got really cool with the owner Yael Aflalo and I got to do a bit of everything," she says. "It was a super new company,  only 15 employees at the time.” When the company decided to open a location on Melrose, she moved back to California to help. She sat in on regular design meetings and went on to become a designer for the brand as well. Although Reformation was a huge creative platform for her, Arrobio felt she wasn’t meant to stay. “The company began to get so big and I didn’t feel there was much room for me to grow,” she tells me. That’s when she got an offer to work at Zara. “I had just gone through a breakup and really wanted to go to Europe,” she says while rolling her eyes. She fell in love with both La Coruña and Zara and made plans to move to Spain in hopes of starting a new life and finding a new love. She met up with pal (and uber popular model) Emily Ratajkowski there, which led to an eventually life-changing moment: “Emily had just done an event with Revolve and had told them she was on her way to meet me in Italy. Rosa, the head of marketing at Revolve, was like, 'What! She’s willing to leave Reformation? We want her!' And just like that they offered me a brand.” It’s been a year since the launch of LPA (an acronym for Lara Pia Arrobio) the Label. It's been an eventful one. Stars like Kim Kardashian West and Lena Dunham have been seen rocking LPA pieces. LPA features sultry silk dresses, embossed leather jackets, and form fitting pants. "I’m honored and shocked by the outpouring," Pia says. "We’ve really built a community.” What makes the brand so successful is that Arrobio is transparent. Women can see themselves in her designs. “I’m not trying to be anybody else," she says with fervor. "I’m a brand that strives to be inclusive and attainable. We make clothes that girls can feel good in.” When it comes to her creative process, she strives to make pieces beautiful for all silhouettes. Arrobio's inspiration comes from the '70s, classic movies, Italy and vintage shopping.  “My fashion icon is Sophia Loren," she says. "I looked up to her so much growing up because I could see myself in her with her dark hair and curves. I want girls to look at LPA and feel the same.” Clothes are not all we should expect from this #Girlboss. She is the face of Glossier’s body hero campaign and was recently featured in The New York Times. It’s only the beginning. “Clothes are the tangible thing" she says. "I now feel a responsibility to make LPA a platform for women,” she says while petting her dog Ciro. “My goals are much different now. I used to dream of getting married and having a good paying job, but now I see that LPA is resonating on a deeper level and it would be irresponsible for me to not continue to do things for girls to feel good and this surpasses clothes.”  Pia wants to understand and study what makes women feel beautiful, what makes women feel happy and what it really means to be a woman. “How do I share that?" she wonders out loud. "Is it makeup? Is it products? Is it TV? I’m not sure. I just want to push it in a way that is accessible.”  As we wrap up the interview, she notices I'm wearing one of her designs. She looks at me and smiles. “Seeing real women in my label like you is one of my biggest accomplishments to date.” Written by Robyn MerrettPhotos by Jose Cervantes Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Back in September, The Rolling Stones kicked off their European tour titled Stones- No Filter. Before this tour comes to a conclusion on October 25 in Paris at the U Arena, the band looks to celebrate by collaborating with Paris Saint Germain to create an exclusive apparel capsule collection.  The collection includes pieces like game jerseys, t-shirts, a Nike hooded sweatshirt, cap, limited edition Nike Air Maxes and more. All decorated with PSG's red and blue colors, and the band's famous tongue and lips logo.  Colette, the acclaimed boutique in Paris closing in a few months, will be carrying the collection from October 19 to the 23.  Written by Evelyn Mateos  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Gucci embraces their commitment to sustainable fashion in terms of social and ecological justice with their announcement to become a fur-free company. CEO of Gucci, Marco Bizzarri, made the announcement at the fourth edition of the Kering Talk, an ongoing partnership with the London College of Fashion. The partnership is a continued discussion to promote and encourage fashion industry workers to use sustainable methods. At the talk, Bizzarri referenced Gucci’s numerous contributions toward this particular group within fashion: “New technology presents unlimited possibilities in terms of textiles and it would be a mistake for us not to be at the forefront of this," said Bizzarri. "We need to invest in these start-ups because they can disrupt the sector in terms of sustainability, achieving the same quality of leather production for instance, without any water or chemical waste.” Gucci has now joined the forces of fur-free fashion houses Armani, Ralph Lauren, and Stella McCartney. Earlier this year, Yoox Net-a-Porter also announced they would ban the sale of fur. Big corporations committed to the well-being of people and animals involved within the fashion industry paves the path for other companies to follow their pursuit.   "Gucci is so visible, so well-known," Bizzarri added. "We need to use that in a positive way." Written By: Morgan Vickery Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Perverze is the burgeoning Tokyo-based, avant-garde street label taking off in global proportions. The brand is comprised of an on-going collaboration between creative visionaries in Japan, and founded on the retro styles of the 80s and 90s counterculture. Despite the decline of fashion retailers in recent years, Perverze is one of Japan's fastest-growing fashion startups. From shredded knits to tailored coats and bucket hats, the brand champions it's vintage aesthetic with modern functionality.  With recent media frenzy, Perverze has teamed up with Assembly NY to launch it's official U.S. presence. Starting November 15th, the Fall/Winter 2019 collection will be on display in New York's Lower East Side for a month-long showcase. Although this pop-up will be brief, Perverze has no plans to slow down any time soon. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On a mid-fall afternoon, Graham Tyler and I sat down at the High Line Hotel. Surrounded by its collegiate gothic-style architecture and mid-19th-century mementos, we reflect on the time ambiguousness of it— much like his work. Once a student of sculpture and millinery, Tyler found his craft somewhere between bespoke and ready-to-wear, although, he’s not the typical trend-leaning, Instagram-hype designer we’ve become accustomed to. Rather, he’s more introspective, and frankly, unparalleled in his skill. Blending Renaissance, Edwardian, and Victorian silhouettes, Graham modernizes each garment reference through a contemporary lens. In conversation, we spoke of his interests, inspirations, and career from past to present.  How did you decide to study sculpture at Cleveland Institute of Art, and how did that lead you to your millinery apprenticeship with Marta Glazen? I started with painting, and my work was about the body. When it came to actually choosing my major, I ended up going with sculpture because I was more interested in tactile 3d works at the time. And again, I was making a lot of things about the body. From there, I realized I really wanted to learn a craft and wanted to have a skill— a real solid craft skill set. I was looking around at what would be of interest to me, and then I became kind of obsessive about really fascinating textiles. So just in happenstance, I found a woman in Cleveland that was taking an apprentice. Her name was Marta, and she took me in very kindly, and it was very intense; it was about two years with her. Two years, for five, maybe six days a week. I learned a lot from her. She's worked with everybody, and she was wonderful.  How did you decide to switch from sculpture to hats to ready to wear? I was making headwear for a lot of different people in New York, from stylists to runway to a lot of nightlife personalities. People would constantly ask me, "Can you make a garment to go with the hats that your making?" So I thought that I probably should learn how to make clothes. I was making a lot of clothing and headwear. Then, some of the designers that I was working with for their own lines  said, "Just start your own thing."  You went on to make custom headwear for Lady Gaga, Barneys NY, Adam Selman, and Polo Ralph Lauren, to name a few. What were those experiences like? Ralph Lauren for Polo was a full-time day job, and I was doing headwear. That was a really great experience of learning the ins and outs of a brand and how a brand functions at that scale. It's especially nice to work at a brand with such a specific aesthetic. When it comes to celebrities, I work with a few different stylists and such. I largely work with Zaldy, who is a big costume designer. He used to be the designer for LAMB for Gwen Stefani. I worked with him, and it's a really great relationship because he can transfer the information and the aesthetic that they're looking for quite easily. Celebrity work can be tricky because we both come to the table with totally different aesthetics. So I try to translate their thoughts and their words through my hand, which can be kind of a tedious process. It's a lot of give and take on that, but in the end, it's fun. Speaking of costume design— have you ever considered crossing over into that category? I mean, I now understand why Christian Lacroix decided to be a costume designer. Because there's a lot more freedom in that— I don't think I would, because I don't feel that my clothes and the topics that I'm discussing in my work translate well on stage, so I probably would never become a costume designer. None of my clothes have any historical accuracy. I'm usually re-cutting a historical garment into something totally different, or I cut a jacket as a shirt, and I cut a corset as a jacket. I kind of am shifting and re-translating and re-curating things. Your silhouettes are a modern and original take on historical fashion with an emphasis on curved seams, leg of mutton sleeves, corsets, suit vests, and so on. What era's in fashion do you find most influential to you? And do you see a resurgence in antiquated-style clothing? I think the world is consistently reflexive. I think that that is relevant to me. I do see a resurgence in— at least currently, there's a lot of Victorian and Edwardian references transpiring. Especially with puffed sleeves, these are quite popular at the moment. The most recent collection was largely about Mary Shelley and her husband and the Pforzheimer collection at the New York Public Library, which focuses on 1819 to 1845. I mainly stuck to that time period as to the corsets, jackets, and shirts that I was cutting— I was referencing those styles. My work blends Renaissance, Edwardian, Victorian, and some extremely contemporary styles of cutting so that things never feel historical, and they never feel contemporary. They always feel like this very time ambiguous work, which I think is a new way of making clothes — to be very time ambiguous about the way that you're working. Overarchingly, people describe my work as being very Amish. I definitely take that as a compliment, just because I think I cut very graphic shapes, but with very tactile textiles and very hand ROT textiles- and that's kind of an Amish practice. The wonderful thing about Amish is that they look the same today as they did, and they do still.  Speaking of your SS20 collection, "The Origin of Failure," what's the meaning behind this title? It's a long, drawn-out situation. Though the collection was about the Pforzheimer collection and Mary Shelley and her husband, it also was in tandem with trying to figure out what contemporarily is a Romantics approach to making things. I was really inspired by glitch art — also, the act of being romantic about pixelated data. A lot of the prints were all glitched out. I was glitching the images with the love letters. I was typing the love letters into the code of the photos and glitching them through that by putting too much data into the back end. So the long drawn out part of it is that there's only one real piece of critical academic writing about the glitch art that's called The Aesthetics of Post-Digital Objects, I believe. It refers to a glitch as the origin of failure. I was really fascinated by that term. Also, it's terminology as linked to Mary Shelley's obsession with failure in her book and most of her literature, but especially in Frankenstein. What were some of your other points of inspiration for the collection?  I was looking at one specific love letter, which is dated August 23rd — my birthday, that Mary Shelley's husband sent to her. Then when he passed away, she rewrote it, and the rewritten version is at the library. That was the main graphic, and then I referenced for the styles that I was cutting a few original Parisian fashion magazines from the early 1800s, these little women's books. Then a diary-slash-entertainment book that a woman named Anne Wagner kept, and I created a dress using her entire book that I reprint. That dress now will be in the permanent collection of the Phorzheimer. They have bought it, and it'll be the only piece of contemporary clothing that exists in their archive, which is really wonderful. Those are the main things that I was focusing on visually.  Do you have a favorite piece from this collection? The jacquard triptych. The three-piece suit that had their love letters and embroidered into it was my favorite look. That garment is made with this new technology that I'm working on with a computer weaving company in California to be able to create jacquard garments with no wastage. That's how the Mary Shelley corset was also created. They normally create a lot of wastage to make that work.  Art plays an innate influence in your work. Do you prefer antiquity or modern art? It's a big mix in between. I don't think there's an art style that I don't like for the most part, but I'm not a big Surrealist fan. There are a few artists that I'm always thinking about, but I only look at historical art when it's when it pertains to a specific topic. I know the Smithsonian Institution in DC was an important gallery to you growing up. What's your favorite museum today? As a child, we went to that museum almost every summer in DC. There's a Vermeer room that was important to me, and the room about Alexander Calder in the Modern was significant for me as a kid. The feeling of uncanniness inspired me in his work. I recently went to the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum. That was probably the most fantastic art experience I've had because it's really beautiful to experience art of that nature and of that caliber on non-white institutional walls. What are some of your favorite art movements and painters? My favorite artist is Joseph Cornell, who created these incredible little boxes filled with objects. He dealt with melancholy, nostalgia, and love in the same way that I do. I have a soft spot for miniatures and small works of art. I am more inspired by the underpaintings of paintings than I am of the paintings themselves. The color palettes from my work are based on Versailles' underpaintings, which are black and white paintings that they do before they do the painting on top. Any of the artists in the Baroque time period did that a lot. I look at Baroque paintings and Baroque unfinished works of art quite often. I also look at Jasper Johns work a lot. Currently, there's an artist Jefferson Hayman. He's a photographer, and he does these really beautiful little photographs that are my current obsession. Your last two collections have focused on the use of muted colors. Why are you more drawn to grays and blacks, and do you plan on reintroducing color in future collections? I'm partially color blind, and managing all of those colors was very hard for me. I realized I was in a very different place at that point in time. The short answer is no; I won't be going back to color. I consider those first two collections iterations of me attempting to figure out what I wanted to make. Then the most recent collections are me telling the world what I am making and what I am planning to continue to make. Gray, black and white will always be the base, and I will softly incorporate beiges and taupes and rusts, and some kind of soft lilacs. Everything else will stay rooted in those colors. I also like that you could, in theory, take any piece from those collections and moving forward be able to put them together because colors will always match up. I think that's important for the people who look at the clothes and also wear them. How do you achieve your impeccable tailoring? What's your trial and error process like while developing silhouettes each collection? My suits are sewn by hand. They are quite meticulously sewn, and I make all of the patterns and samples.  I keep everything really structured, largely just because I'm drawn to those really aesthetic lines. It was more so a very long learning curve to have to teach myself how to sew a suit like that. I was looking at a lot of old designer suits who made stunning haute couture suits. That's where I learned how to make the ones that I make now. So what's next?  I'm launching e-commerce in the next month or so with some of our core styles and shapes. I am really focusing on the dress shirts. That's kind of everyone's favorite item from us. I'm currently in the Elaine Gold Launch Pad program, so lots of things to come through the CFDA and the EGLP. Then I am already starting the textile development process. The process is very long, and we create entirely new textiles every season, almost every textile is exclusive to the brand. I'm in the process of ideation and also agreements between what collection I'm going to be allowed to use next. There's a lot of logistical things with these collections, so I'm working on what collection I'll be using next. Clothing: Graham Tyler ‘The Origin of Failure’ Produced and Directed by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: Jack Belli Styled by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Mia Varrone Model: Inga Dezhina at Supreme Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Veronica Vilim, Luka Sabbat. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Frida Aasen, Laquan Smith, Daniela Braga, Robin Holzken. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Lion Babe. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Beau Jangless. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  LaQuan Smith. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Aamito Lagum. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA Photo by Avi Gill Last Thursday, New York designer LaQuan Smith and cherub denim brand, Jordache, celebrated its capsule collection at Cipriani's private club, Socialista. Elsa Hosk, Luka Sabbat, Danielle Herrington, and Elisa Johnson, to name a few, sported their Jordache x LaQuan Smith looks as they wined, dined, and grooved to an impromptu performance by Lion Babe. The collaboration, displayed in Smith's Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, is inspired by the NYC nightlife, offering a fresh and reinterpreted version of Jordache's playful denim silhouettes. To view the full collection debuted in LaQuan Smith SS20 click here. Photo by Avi Gill Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Kelcie Schofield is the founder and designer of the contemporary clothing label, CIE Denim. Conceived in 2018, Kelcie fills a gap in her industry by reusing and reworking pre-existing denim as well as solidifying a new and less toxic manufacturing process. Whether it’s restructured silhouettes, deadstock materials, or Naveena Mills’ cutting edge Horizon fabric, CIE represents the future of manufactured denim in our increasingly destructive global climate.  In addition to responsible garments, Kelcie melds this effort with creative design applications— each piece one of a kind. With flipped pockets on the ankle hem, an upside-down jean fit, and color-blocked seams, each design reflects a unique twist on traditional denim norms. Post Spring/ Summer 2020 presentation, Flaunt spoke with Schofield to discuss the past, present, and future of CIE Denim. Tell us about the inception of CIE. CIE was started from our two core silhouettes - our upside-down jeans and shorts. I wanted to create an item that made heads turn (literally) but could also be worn day to day. How do you aim to be a new and unique voice in the industry of denim? Every piece we come out with should have something that gives it an extra spark. We’re here to make unique investment pieces that you feel good about buying.  How do you view sustainability as an essential component of the current fashion climate? That’s exactly how I view it - an essential component. Sustainability, for me, is a non-negotiable for any new business to find success in the current climate. Since I launched CIE in 2018, there has been a noticeable change in the industry and how customers view their clothing.  What are your efforts in regards to sustainability? Explain your “slow-fashion” philosophy. I have two sustainable mediums I work with right now. The first and the essence of what built CIE is reworked vintage. Even for our knits, we reworked Hanes T-shirts. Using fully recycled materials creates an exciting challenge for each style that I enjoy working through. For the sustainably manufactured denim that we source through Naveena Mills, we do fully “new” jeans made entirely from the Naveena fabric as well as combining the new fabric with vintage materials.  How do you believe denim will evolve in years to come? I think sustainability will continue to be a driving force in the denim industry. My hope is that companies established and emerging will embrace responsible practices. It’s slowly transitioning, but it’s not quite there yet.  What’s next for CIE? More learning and growing! We plan to push the brand into unexplored territories, whether it’s new materials or new silhouettes.  Clothing: CIE Denim SS20 Photography by: Phoenix Johnson Model: Lyn Hersh Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli. Creative director Wil Beedle hosted an event in honor of AllSaints 25th anniversary.  Accompanied by musical guests such as Flaunt Fave Arsun Sorrenti, the night was a classic celebration at Chateau Marmont’s bungalow 1. Hoards of the coolest kids hung out chain smoking by the pool while a DJ set by Hateboy got the rocking crowd weirding out to some house tracks. The influence soaked crowd included Ariel Beesley, Bec Adams, Ally HilFiger, Amanda Steele, Eddie Mitsou, Gavin Turek, Finneas, Kate Parfet, Kilo Kish, Marta Pozzan, Rainsford, Salem Mitchell, Sara Cummings Zach VIlla, and a host of other Beauts. Photographed by David Vassalli. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The contemporary retail concept, Maiden Name, is the brainchild of Alix Freireich, and David Lê. While the founders met at Vassar College, they reunited to bridge a gap in the interconnected realm of e-commerce. With assistance from Jesse Hudnutt and Susan Lee, the four embark on a journey to reconnect the roots which link fashion and fine art.  Following a seasonal calendar, Maiden Name will organize its collections as an online, and interdisciplinary group show; showcasing exclusive artist collaborations alongside in-house women’s apparel. Like a chest full of curated gold, Maiden Name may hold the key to your future treasures.  In a recent conversation, Flaunt spoke with the founders to discuss the start of this forward-thinking, art formed, and eco-minded community. Tell us about the genesis of your retail concept, Maiden Name. Maiden Name really emerged out of our own sense that we didn't have a place where we loved to shop. It also came out of an acknowledgment that we spend a lot of time shopping and consuming media online, and those activities all seem to take place in the same dead, zombified e-comm context. So when we found ourselves with an opportunity to share work we love, made by people we love, alongside the apparel we make, it felt like there was an opening to use e-comm differently. We call ourselves "Maiden Name" because we want to highlight the people and stories (the "maiden names") that usually get erased when things enter the public sphere. And we wanted to keep this feminist gesture, insisting on a kind of independence, even as we credited those that came before us. Tihngs by Eric Oglander Photo by David Behl What are your thoughts on the link between fine art and fashion? We think about this a lot, in part because we need to protect the fine artists we work with, and an association with fashion can make their work seem trivial. That's just a fact, even though, by and large, we think it's bunk. We think of artist/designers like Sonia Delaunay, or photographers like Grete Stern and Ilse Bing, who all straddled the worlds of art and fashion and did great work (a full century before Sterling Ruby and Cindy Sherman!). That's why we highlight them on our Instagram @maiden.name.store. But we do recognize the need to let art and fashion excel on their own terms. We want to produce fashion that's technically perfect, that's beautiful. Our objects are freer, in some ways, to be about other things––they can be "about" history; they can be weird, or conceptual. What unifies everything is our sense of our customer's needs––they want beautiful, thoughtful, well-made clothes, and they want to collect beautiful, thoughtful, and well-made objects. What influenced the first womenswear collection? The collection draws on Alix's archival research, so it brings together 19th-century reference pieces and touches of the 1970s, modernized and rendered in high-quality materials. The Zoe Shirt, for example, is modeled on an Edwardian grandfather shirt that was still in great condition because it was made in silk. Ours is silk too, and we hope it also lasts a century. We describe the core concept as "70s Renaissance Fair," which sounds odd, but the end products are all meant to be totally wearable and versatile. We want them to be sexy and smart. And it felt like that was missing from what's out there now.   How does sustainability play a part in your collections? Sustainability is core to what we're trying to achieve. We make everything here in NYC, so it's a local supply chain. We use deadstock material, and because our production runs are so small, the wastage is minimal. More broadly, we need to slow consumption down (which is an odd thing for a fashion company to acknowledge). But we want customers to buy less and buy better. Our next step is to scale up in ways that will allow us to ensure sustainability from raw materials to end product. That's a challenge, particularly when you're small. You feature collaborative work with Paul Arnhold’s hand-blown glass and Eric Oglander’s collection of 19th and 20th-century folk art. What prompted the choice of these artists for your first collection?  Paul is a dear friend making very beautiful work here in Brooklyn. That was a no-brainer. We found Eric through his "Craigslist Mirrors" project (@craigslist_mirrors) his Instagram-based collection of images, sourced from Craigslist, of mirrors for sale. We thought that was brilliant. And his Tihngs project is too. Both Eric and Paul have such distinct points of view (and are making work that is almost diametrically opposed, formally). So they seemed like great partners to open the collection with. Indigo Vase by Paul Arnhold Photo by David Behl What are your favorite pieces from your inaugural collection? We love the Tamara Top. It almost verges into historical costume, but doesn't, and ends up being so cool. We also love the Tramp Box, which is sculptural, and modern, and old at the same time, and the Graffiti Vase, which is kind of a twisted take on Paul's other work. And we love the framed set of Leung Kui Ting prints––they look simple, but the more time you spend with them, the more you like them. That's always the real test when you collect.  How do you envision the growth of Maiden Name? I think first and foremost we want Maiden Name to build out the line beyond shirting. We also want to have more of a physical presence. It's hard to communicate something like the perfect fit, or the beauty of hand painting without having people see things in the real world. At the same time, we want to expand our digital presence and knit together a community, folding in our friends in Berlin (at the end of 2019) and then with more cities in 2020. Photography by: Matt Grubb Styling by: Gabriel Held Model: Fiffany Luu Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   While the fashion industry is backed by an insatiable appetite for the new, we find ourselves in a current climate of trying to stay well-fed, while simultaneously reminding ourselves the importance of sustainability. These three young designers have found a way to bring forth something innovative, while also holding themselves accountable. We have Bethany Williams, conceptualizing clothing with a focus on social issues, Christopher John Rogers, designing for those influencing radical change, and Emily Adams Bode, sourcing from the past to create something for the now. Interviewed by Mui-Hai Chu Photo courtesy Bethany Williams What drew to design? My love for fabric construction, and how design can be used to find solutions. I read your mom help knit and create pieces for you. Was she ever in fashion as well? She used to be a pattern cutter for factory in Liverpool,  and now she does soft furnishings and she also does my netting as well. Obviously your family is really important to you. You grew up in Liverpool?  I was born in Liverpool but then I grew up on the Isle of Man. It’s such a small tight-knit community. Loads of things are locally produced and there weren’t many main stores growing up. How do you describe your design process? It always starts with an issue I am trying to solve and then we work with a charity that tries to talk about that issue. What issues are you looking forward to promoting? I think for the next collection I’m working with a charity that makes temporary housing for women and children. Who would you say are your inspiration or muses? I love other designers like Walter Van Beirendonck I’ve been a massive fan girl for a while. Do you have any type of life inspiration outside of fashion? I do like artists like Egon Schiele. I really love his work. My inspiration is probably my family.  What do you think are the bigger challenges you face trying to be sustainable? I think sourcing is a massive one, as is pricing, and having things available. How do you decide to up-cycle a piece? How does the process come about?  It kind of depends on the project we’re doing. We will be doing the collection and there are staples that we always upcycle. I’m trying to introduce more and more. Where do you hope to see yourself in the next five years? I would like to start my own social manufacturing project in the UK. Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy  Christopher John Rogers To start at the beginning, what drew you to design?  Anime, manga, and cartoons—especially people with special powers. The ability for clothing to help people self-actualize and to give them a newfound confidence. You grew up in Louisiana. What effect, if any, did growing up in the south have on your creative evolution?   A real sense of polish and refinement is found in the South – especially in the Black Church. Spending time with my mother and grandmother in church helped me curate an eye for the finish and cut of clothing and has been an inspiration for me ever since. How would you describe your design process?  I'd describe it as visceral. Although I try to be strategic, I'm ultimately extremely influenced by my intuition, emotion, and heavily inspired by color. As a recent graduate, what is the best advice you've received from your mentors at SCAD?  Work hard and stay true to yourself. There are always people that might be more talented or more privileged than you, but hard work and humility know no bounds.  Where do you find inspiration? Everywhere! Debris on the side of the street, mid-century couture, things my friends are wearing, et You've dressed people from Cardi B to Michelle Obama. Having worked with so many influential figures, is there a lasting moment with one that stands out to you the most?  To work with a woman that's equally revered for her intellect and passion, as well as her individualistic sense of style, is definitely a highlight. My family was also extremely proud of me, so that's a plus! Where do you see the fashion industry headed in the next 5 years?  A sense of increased accountability and transparency that's come with the proliferation of social media. I think we're going to see a complete upheaval of the traditional ways of showing and interacting with fashion. Tell us about your fall collection.  Stonehenge, quinceañeras, and Dr. Seuss. What's next?  Everything! We're working on our Spring 2020 collection and are also finalists for the CFDA Vogue Fashion Fund, so we're working our tails off! Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Where are you from, and how has that made an impression on you creatively? I’m from Atlanta. My parents were from Massachusetts, so I spent a lot of time in Cape Cod. I have this juxtaposition of New England and the South. The effect Atlanta had on me was not only the southern hospitality, but a lot about celebrating craft and culture. Tell us about the moment you knew you wanted to become a designer.   In high school, I was taking extracurricular art classes, like how to draw, technical fashion. I also took a croquis drawing class, and it must’ve been junior year that I knew that I wanted to be a designer as a career choice. I went to Parsons for menswear design and I went to Eugene Lang for philosophy. In what ways does the study of philosophy and your interest in fashion design connect? I think it’s primarily the way that I come up with a narrative for the season, and what sorts of questions in culture—my culture, other people’s culture and tradition—should be asked and should be addressed. How to talk about the historical narrative around clothing, and dressing. You’re known for re-contextualizing materials in a lot of your garments, many of which are vintage textiles. How did you get into the textile portion of it? Since I was a little kid, I had been interested in buying antiques and all of the historical narratives alongside that. We would go to all of these antique markets in Atlanta, and flea markets in New England, in and around Massachusetts. Why design menswear? I went to school for it, but I’ve always been interested in designing for someone outside of myself. Tell us about your fall collection. That collection was inspired by a narrative around gallerist Todd Alden, who is an ephemera dealer in downtown New York. I worked with him and talked to him about his life, collecting, what sorts of things inspired him to collect, where he lives, history of that location, his family history, how he came to become a curator, and the moment he opened his own gallery. Where abouts do you find inspiration? Following the life of someone and their relationship to objects, the domestic space, and the traditions that have shaped their lifestyle. Do you ever see yourself getting into womenswear? Not right now. We have a bunch of stores that pick it up as women’s, but it is traditionally a menswear brand. In the future maybe we’ll have a different conversation around that. What’s next?  Right now, we’re working on production, but really building out our own manufacturing space. Most of the collections we make in New York is made in our own studio, so building that out is the next step.  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Images courtesy Bethany Williams. Images courtesy Christopher John Rogers. Images courtesy Emily Adams Bode.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. A brand that makes style, comfort, and practicability a priority while making sure to evoke confidence, Knorts recently launched a new collection called, Scarlet Knorts. Color is the main factor of enhancing the garments’ attributes. Traditionally, Knorts has used the color blue which represents calmness, coolness, stability, and reliability, which are all components of confidence and is the signature color of their denim wear.  Knorts’ new capsule collection, Scarlet Knorts, incorporates the feelings associated with the color red. This collection aims to evoke strength, warmth, comfort, love, and power into the customers’ everyday life. Befitting to their aim, these characteristics can also support the feeling of confidence. There are future plans to create more color capsules to keep both the brand and wearers in an emotional equilibrium. This launch is partially used to spread awareness about California fires with 10% of proceeds from the Scarlet Knorts collection being donated to fire aid services.  Shop the new collection here    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   As I walk in the flagship Messika store, I’m greeted with smiles, macarons and diamonds. Immediately I felt that I had entered a world of femininity and style. The pieces are beautiful and delicate, yet powerful. Messika is an iconic jewelry brand worn by celebrities like  Rhianna, Penelope Cruz, and even Serena Williams during her training session. Valerie Messika, founder of the brand, created the trend of “everyday diamonds.” Much of Valérie’s inspiration comes from art, playing with a Calder sculpture in her father's office, absorbing from his collection various details of line, movement, color, composition, which have shaped her overall sense of form and proportion. I got the opportunity to chat with Valarie and try on some of the most gorgeous pieces of jewelry I’ve ever seen.  Why did you choose LA for your flagship store?  We are a family business so we are very intuitive and organic on how we do our business. We met a partner here in Los Angeles called Westime. They are very strong in the jewelry and watch industry. They work with Richard Mille and Audemars Piguet. They are also strong with red carpets in Hollywood so we decided it would be a good idea to open our first flagship store here. What do you hope the new store will bring to the brand?  I’m so excited because I can smell that the Americans in this area love jewelry. But they want something easy to wear, cool and light. This is the Messika philosophy; bringing a coolness to wearing jewelry that is very fine and delicate.  The workmanship and quality of the diamond is the top, but it’s cool. You can enjoy it and wear it everyday or on a big occasion. You can mix it with a casual or sophisticated style.  What was it like having Kate Moss as a muse? The moment I launched my brand 15 years ago I knew she was my muse and inspiration. She's really iconic for me. She embodies femininity, fashion and style. When I launched my brand and the philosophy I wanted to break the traditional code of jewelry. It was made for big occasions, but I wanted to make it apart of fashion and style. That’s why women like Kate Moss are so strong for me.   How would you explain the woman in the street wearing Messika?  The strength of Messika is that the women wearing it range from 18 to 70 years old. I love when I see different types of women wearing it with different styles. It’s not that we are putting a logo on the woman. We can see the personality and the style they embody with the pieces. It’s not about how rich or strong you are. It’s about the feeling and attitude that you have with your own style. It gives you self-confidence.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On Wednesday we celebrated Benetton’s new pop up shop in Santa Monica with prosecco and polaroids. Benetton Group is one of the best-known fashion companies in the world with a network of about 5,000 stores and a headquarters in Ponzano Veneto. The brand is known for its bright colors, the revolution of the retail outlet, and their unique sales network.  The new collections embody both the old and the new, featuring an exciting fusion of its classic colorful style with its newer streetwear-inspired elements. The artistic direction of Jean-Charles de Castelbajac, who is known for his iconic teddy bear coat worn by Madonna and portraits of Andy Warhol, shines through the recent collections. He recently united with the Benetton Group earlier this year, which was announced at Milan Fashion Week. He announced backstage that “The DNA of Benetton and mine have many similarities…this meeting between us is happening at the right moment, too, because this idea that desirable things can be of good quality and be affordable to many people is very interesting now…Benetton has been sleeping a little bit. But it has all this sleeping potential. And its base is very strong.”  Bring some color into your life and visit the pop up open from October 25 through November 24th!  Santa Monica Place Floor 1  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Courtesy Hublot With Halloween around the corner, Hublot stirred the cauldron to create a sapphire and emerald green Big Bang MP-11 watch. To give it its unique shade of green (not quite emerald and not quite sapphire), they used a material that has never been used in a watchcase. The material is called SAXEM, which is short for sapphire aluminum oxide and rare earth material. It is a mixture of aluminum oxide (the basic component of sapphire) with rare-earth elements like thulium and holmium.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   KAIMIN is the raising utopian brand initiating the posterity of attire. With a foundation of innovation and inclusivity, the namesake designer may well be sent from the future— sent back a couple of hundred years to propel the industry forward. Harnessing the power of the digital space, and the resourcefulness of sustainability, KAIMIN crafts intergalactic garments with a cunning dose of raunchiness. In a recent interview, Flaunt spoke with the avant-garde designer to discuss the evolution of the label, cyberspace, and the forecast of tech-induced fashion.  Tell us about the creation of the brand with your business partner Dmitri Pchelintsev. My initial foray into clothing design came in 2014 with the Zero Zero Vol. 02 project – a multi-sensory, high-tech video popup exhibition with an installation by Snarkitecture, which I was the protagonist of and also directed alongside stylist Nicola Formichetti and photographer Miles Aldridge. We had the honor of presenting the Vol. 02 book at my beloved Paris store, Colette. As part of that project, I created a stand-alone clothing capsule for the female character, and a very prominent singer ended up wearing some of my pieces in her music video. I felt compelled to create a full collection, and my very good friend Dmitri, who helped produce that very pivotal Zero Zero project, really believed in me as a designer, so we formed the KAIMIN label together in 2016. Dmitri is a creative marketer and business operator who happens to have a very strong background in finance, having spent many years at some of Wall Street's premier institutions investing in renewables, green-tech, and sustainability. Having helped grow several tech-enabled startups, he now oversees all of KAIMIN's business strategy and operations, while leading our expansion as a digitally-native brand, including the recent launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line.  How have innovation and inclusivity played essential roles in the brand? Innovation and inclusivity go hand-in-hand for me, as tolerance for new and crossover ideas breeds progress. KAIMIN leans heavily on technology in everything we do, and aesthetically we work with all types of creatives, communities, and personalities because anyone can uncover something new and beautiful, irrespective of age, race, and gender.  Besides using innovative materials, production techniques, and data analytics, the brand benefits from social media's global reach and the unprecedented direct access to talent that it affords. The Internet is a boundless creative nursery of young innovators that come from all different realms, including art, fashion, music – we love and fully utilize this cross-functionality. I grew up an outlier in a homogeneous society, so I feel my clothes have to speak to things beyond style and promote ideals that are important to me, including social and economic inclusivity, as I feel everyone deserves a voice. In addition to connecting through unrestrained creativity, I try to make items that are more accessible, including from an economic standpoint, and which still adhere to my design and high-quality philosophy – we launched SLFF KAIMIN exactly for this. What facets of New York's underground scene make appearances in your garments? The New York underground scene has this alluring aura of the forbidden, with sexier and darker undertones and the sense of a risque adventure that is addicting. During our SS20 show, for instance, we contrasted the primarily bright and colorful collection with a very dark and sexy setting, aiming for the set design to evoke a feeling of an underground party with red backlighting and a minimal, heavy electronic soundtrack. NYC subculture is edgy, extremely diverse, and creative and demonstrates some of the greatest social acceptance anywhere in the world, which really allows me to meld it with high fashion in a fun way. I love working with established as well as cool new, up-and-coming artists and personalities that grew up in this environment— I draw a lot of inspiration here for my design, music, lifestyle, and the overall direction for KAIMIN. The digital world is a key influence to the brand, hence your Fall/ Winter 2019 collection, "2081: CYBER-ORDINARY". What were your main inspirations and references for that season? Our Fall/ Winter 2019 collection explored archetypes of future beauty and was heavily influenced by such films as Blade Runner and Ex-Machina, specifically their protagonists – androids and cyborgs. I'm a total believer in the eventual symbiosis of man and machine.  In large part, that collection was about defeating the mundane and exploring and strengthening that which sets one apart, no matter the era. If today's fever pitch around privacy, sexual correctness, censorship, etc. ever leads to a dystopian control of self-expression, I'd want my clothes to declare: "when the extraordinary is outlawed, only the outlaws will be extraordinary." What's your view on cyberspace and it's distraction from the real world? I think we're in uncharted waters, and we won't be able to properly assess how good or bad this "distraction" from the real world is for a while, if ever. The cyber is already the real. There are definitely multiple ways to look at this, and it's certainly also a generational thing— just look at the debate around "screen time" for kids among young parents and scientists and the interesting arguments presented by media proponents, including Gary Vaynerchuk. All I know is that this is the manifestation of human progress, and there's no way back regardless, but to me, the benefits outweigh the potential hazards. We are now superbly equipped for improved communication and increased input – although, where the quality of consumed content, general overexposure, and the "3-second" wars are going is a different question.  For KAIMIN, Elon Musk's Neuralink can't arrive fast enough! What were your conceptions involving the recent Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, "INTROSPECTIVE PRISM"? This season, our main collection shared the runway with the launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line, which celebrates self-confidence and self-expression. The overall creative direction was influenced by the sub-conscience theories of Sigmund Freud and films like Annihilation, aiming to expose inner fears to release suppressed identity and desires— literal empowerment through self-discovery.  The collection explores two distinct notions for evolution of human form – through technology and through biological mutation. From the outside, the driver is mechanical – artificial furthering of self via machine. From the inside, the driver is bio-spiritual-- the natural furthering of self via selective mutation of flesh and mind— a physical metamorphosis through the unrestrained self. This season's motto is: "Introspective Prism – Refract all versions of self, Mutate desire and identity, Evolve in spirit and form." With our current climate reality, how do you plan to focus the brand on a more sustainable level? Being on the cutting edge is important to us to both achieve a futuristic design and to help push progress, validating applications of new technologies. We always keep an eye on the new tech that has shown promise in helping to lower the environmental impact of manufacturing, and we try to do our part by using many recycled, sustainable, and organic materials, including Better Cotton Initiative fabrics in our SLFF KAIMIN denim line. As we grow, we will continue to place greater emphasis on better production practices, safer materials, and less waste. Explain some of the laser cutting, production techniques, and 3-D print experiments that are implemented throughout your garment construction process. KAIMIN utilizes quite a bit of technology for manufacturing, content production, and branding, including 3D printing, laser cutting, digital art, AR/VR, motion tracking, etc. and we always seek to emphasize our future-forward thinking in our designs. For garment construction, we use some techniques because they create unexpected and groundbreaking visual results, while other methods actually make sense from a time and capital-intensity perspective.  We're pushing the brand's tech boundaries with the "Stratasys x KAIMIN" 3D-Print Denim Capsule Collection— the first time ever an industrial-quality 3D geometry is printed directly onto denim. We designed the intricate CGI geometry, multi-depth opacity, and colormap in collaboration with Fitchwork to make the final print. Stratasys are pioneers in the additive manufacturing space and have some of the most advanced 3D printing technology in the industry, accompanied by an inherent desire to experiment and come up with something new and cool. They wish to make everyday life better by bringing 3D printing technology to a greater part of the world faster and disrupting the fashion realm is quite big on the radar of Stratasys global creative director, Naomi Kaempfer— so what better way to help assimilate and democratize the tech for clothing than with one of the most common garments, jeans! How do you envision the future of fashion norms? I'd like to think that the future will bring abundance and innovation not just in the material sense but also in our culture and thinking, where humans will finally reach total equilibrium with nature, and each other— no prejudices— and KAIMIN clothing is but one way to represent this future. Like everything else in our society, fashion will continue to be transformed by technology, faster and more accessible information transfer, and diverse global audiences. This, of course, means a lot will change in fashion's tangible areas, like materials with never-before-imagined physical properties, more efficient production techniques, the continued proliferation of smart garments, and increased expectations of what clothing should do for the body and mind. But, to me, the most interesting changes are already occurring on the more intangible, creative side. People's unprecedented ability to communicate who they are has opened up new frontiers. In only a few years, social media exposed how varied yet similar and interconnected different cultures' tastes are, and how people of all walks of life can become influential by traversing these different planes. Being skilled in multiple areas has become the norm for many young creatives today, and this 'polymathism' affects fashion a lot. There are so many cross-functional innovators out there, and fashion definitely benefits from this, becoming more interesting and multifaceted.  What's next for KAIMIN? KAIMIN's mission is to keep innovating ourselves and keep collaborating with people that push the boundaries across the various artistic disciplines and product segments. We want to be more cross-functional and would love to do more than just fashion, even if it's in a more non-permanent format like seasonal collaborations. I wish to meet and inspire more people and to learn from them so we can all come up with a never-before-seen symbiosis of unlikely fields that not only is cool but also could change lives for the better and bring signature KAIMIN flavor to people in more than one way. With that said, I hope to continue building our artistic community and form a creative confluence platform – a culture nebula for local and global artists – to support innovation. To that end, we have already established an endowment fund some time ago, via our Zero Zero Project initiative, which periodically disperses funds to help finance targeted projects. And in that same vein, KAIMIN presented the SS20 show in collaboration with Studio 525, an iconic exhibition & event space housed in the former Andrea Rosen Art Gallery in Chelsea, as the inaugural project for Studio 525 Art Accelerator, which has a very similar vision to ours and aims to provide a physical place for work and showcases to artists and the creative community in general. Produced by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: : Franco Velastiqui Art Direction by: Delfina Pia Rey Styling by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Kevin Cheah Model: Cassie Priestley at Next Models. Styling assistance by: Sabrina Aguirre and Mila Sanguinetti  Credits: FW19 KAIMIN clothing, and GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI heels. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. MAX MARA dress, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. VERSACE dress, earrings, and rings and AGENT PROVOCATEUR underwear. ETRO dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, B-LOW THE BELT belt, and NANCY NEWBERG earrings. HALPERN dress, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring, and ERINESS ring. MAX MARA sweater and dress, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. PREEN BY THORNTON BREGAZZI dress, B-LOW THE BELT belt and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings. ALESSANDRA RICH dress and necklace and MIU MIU earrings all available at MatchesFashion.com, and NANCY NEWBERG rings. AGENT PROVOCATEUR slip dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace and ring, ALINA ABEGG earrings, and STATE PROPERTY pearl ring. ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER dress and scarf, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings and ring. PALOMO SPAIN jacket available at Please Do Not Enter, LA, ALINA ABEGG ring, and MISHO earring. Photographer: Vince M. Aung.  Model: Inga Dezhina. Stylist: Mui-Hai Chu.  Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co. & Oribe Hair Care at Nest Artists.  Makeup: Natasha Severino using NARS Cosmetics at Forward Artists.  Production, Photo, and Styling Assistant: Corrine Ciani Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Being Sustainably responsible in 2019 now means making some changes with how designers are choosing their resources. The female founders behind 42|54 and long time friends Elodie Ouedraogo and Olivia Borlee are both Belgian Gold metal athletes, and now business partners who strongly believe in that type of fashionably responsible involvement. It took them two a clean 42.54 seconds to win a Silver Medal at the Olympic Games in Beijing 2008. That Silver medal turned into Gold, when the winning team was disqualified due to a failed drug test. It was abundantly clear that dirty athletes have no place in sports. That’s when the Gold medalists decided they wanted to make a change. “Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes!” The contemporary active label launched its first 100% sustainable FW19 capsule collection  made of plastic bottles and recycled ocean waste. They believe that great design should also be sustainable. The brand teamed up with renowned textile companies who propose fabrics made from a fiber called SEAQUAL and NEWLIFE recycled from ocean plastics to create the new high-end "made from waste" active wear line that asserts the modern streetwear appeal.  The founders make a conscious effort to be an honest and transparent brand, by largely working with local manufacturers and suppliers.  Elodie and Olivia’s next steps will also be 100% sustainable using organic yarns working with GOTS (Global Organic Textile Standards) certified factories, hang tags produced with recycled paper along with recycled fabrics developed with fibers using the oceans waste and plastic bottles. They both are devoted to giving a second life to stock and leftover fabrics from previous productions along with biodegradable packaging. The The fashion-forward duo provide advanced functionality while calling themselves a "100% sustainable company in the way we work, produce, and live." Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. What was your biggest fear about starting your own line? We believe there are a lot of similarities between the world of sports and fashion. It is about being fearless,  following the process put in place while listening to your gut feeling at the same time to achieve the absolute best. It is about taking a leap of faith in yourself, your partner and your idea. For us creating an activewear collection that was high-end, transcendent  and made in honest and transparent conditions Felt like a void that needed to be filled within our community. There was a clear vision, which was bring some fun and fashion back into the world of sports without ignoring the functional and technical side of the garments. When we decided to launch 42|54, a reference to our winning time during the 2008 Olympics, we didn't really think about it as we both love a great challenge. We just jumped, head first.  There was a lack of experience. (We had both been guest designers for other brands, but came quickly to the realization that this doesn't even come close to owning and managing a brand.)  With that lack of real experience sometimes came also the fear of not being taken seriously. In the beginning we went probably over prepared into ever meeting we had. Not only out of respect for the person sitting in front of us, but also because we wanted to show that we were serious about entrepreneurship.  That we understood that there are no shortcuts to success Initially we also didn't communicate a lot about our backstory either. We didn't want to be perceived as two women who were the faces of the brand, while having an entire team waiting in the back to do the real and hard work. From the beginning we sourced every fabric, button, zipper, label or elastic band you'll find in our collection. Through (sometimes) expensive mistakes and failure we learned a lot. And today we are an authentic brand and a viable business because of it. Aside from the activewear, what other sustainable efforts are being practiced within your company? 42|54 has always been mindful of how and where we produce. After having represented our country in the best way possible in sports it only seemed logical to carry out the strong identity and values that Belgium has created with 'The Antwerp Six' in the world of fashion. We worked a lot with local suppliers. This put our brand already at a 50% of sustainability, solely based on the business decisions we made from the very beginning. Last year we were able to evolve in our sustainable journey by replacing already locally created fabrics by sustainable ones. We also adapted our online service by working with Repack. Repack is a company that offers reusable bags. For every bag clients return to us after their purchase, they receive a small discount. We on the other hand can recover the packaging for a new customer. Additionally we switched to biodegradable labels, we don't use plastic bottles in the office and work with a cleaning company that only uses natural and biological cleaning products. All the employees who live in Brussels, where we are based, walk or take their bike to work.  What was the moment or person that inspired you to produce your own line? We have always looked up to and been inspired by strong female athletes and more so in the 80's and 90's. These were absolute fun times where athletes didn't only stand out with their extraordinary performances, but also by the way the dressed on the field. Women like Florence Griffith and Jackie Joyner-Kersee wore leotards, belted bodysuits, one-legged  and lace leggings. They highlighted their personalities with exciting, daring activewear.  But of course we don't have to look too far. We are surrounded by strong women. Our mothers, sisters, friends and colleagues. 42I54 is built by women, who work very hard every day to create the best possible collection for women. Our sustainable mission on the other hand comes from a very personal experience.  We initially won a silver medal during the Olympic Games in 2008. Eight years later that silver eventually turned into gold when that winning team was disqualified due to substance abuse discovered during a large series of retesting.  This had a major impact on the on athletes worldwide. And while many of us became strong advocates for clean, drug free sports we are less outspoken when it comes to clothes we wear while performing. We felt this too has to change.  Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes.  Sportswear made in honest conditions and without the environmental strain it has today. We can no longer only applaud recognition and financial gain while wearing our low cost shirts. Because someone, somewhere is suffering because of it. Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Just for fun, what are your zodiac signs? Aries and Pisces What are you wanting to accomplish in 2020 with 42|54? It has always been our goal to become the brand that serves as today’s personal survival-kit and Wonder Woman cape all wrapped into one fashion-forward label for all women. 42|54 is for the young women we help through our 'Athlete Ambassador Program'. By supporting them with well made performance gear, we support their dreams of one day becoming professional athletes. Often big brands want to see results first and will later support in anyway possible. We believe talent need’s to be nurtured when  personal budgets are insignificant or non-existent. Today we are proud to announce that 3 women from our ambassadors program will participate in next year’s Olympic and Paralympic Games. We are most definitely also the go-to brand for women who like to have something that is different. Today many women try and balance a career, family and personal time. Finding an outfit that accommodates that lifestyle can be quite the search. The idea to have a legging that has the advanced functionality you'd expect from activewear, yet the high-end look and feel that makes it chic enough to wear outside the gym is very appealing to a lot of women. A winning combination we can offer to our women as we can pull from our own experience and expertise. On top of the need to be unique or different, women want to be informed on what they are putting both in and on their bodies today. Furthermore we would like to continue to develop our sustainable journey and dress as many great women in the US as we possibly can.  We had the opportunity to visit LA recently and it is inspiring to see how a city has succeeded into merging sports into the everyday life. It embodies the definition of an 'active lifestyle'. What were your childhood ambitions? Elodie: I always wanted to be a hairdresser or own my own cafe. That was until I realized that being a bar owner entails more than just serving great coffee. Olivia: I wanted to be a florist. I think I have always been inspired by beauty and making beautiful things. In what place are you the happiest? Most productive? The school of Sports is a great one to graduate from. Being professional athletes has taught us many life lessons. It teaches you to be independent,  winning, losing and how to persevere. Through our careers as professional athletes we have had the privilege of seeing a part of the world and experiencing different cultures and people. We are very appreciative that to this day we get to travel for work from time to time and see our designs come to life in our factory. Funnily enough, the traveling in the past also taught us the importance of home. And how it remains the happiest place for us. It is also where we get most creative. Before we were able to rent our own office space we used to work out of the kitchen. Today we still come up with the best ideas when we are surrounded by the feeling of familiarity. So thank God for WhatsApp these days. How do you live a sustainable life outside of the company? It is important to stress that we are by no means green warriors or examples of how to live a sustainable life. But we 100% get the message and understand the urge to react today. We all have different battles to fight in life but we are convinced that with little effort we can already make  a big difference. A few changes that we have made:  -no to fast fashion; buying less clothes and smarter -no more plastic bottles and additionally be more mindful of the use of plastic in general -buying fresh and seasonal fruit and vegetables instead of pre-packed food,  -reusing the same bag instead of buying a new one for groceries,  -sort trash -the use of natural cosmetics -leave our cars in the garage if not needed  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Published for the first time and celebrating 50 years since the works were created, ‘DESIRE’ by Lloyd Ziff documents New York City in the late 1960s. Ziff’s work captures a New York teeming with fantasy and rebellion. The book tells a story of cultural resistance through Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe.  ‘DESIRE’ was the first photo shoot that Patti and Robert had together. The two of them were photographed in their Hall Street Space in Brooklyn in 1968 and in Ziff’s small apartment in the heart of Greenwich Village in 1969. The book features 65 previously unpublished works including street photographs, original contact sheets, and notes that form the history around 1960s New York and the lives of these two iconic figures. The intimacy between the two paints a picture of the city at this time, pushing their icon status aside to view the city with a more personal lens. 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff “I myself never felt comfortable doing anything with the pictures. Then in 2009 Patti phoned and asked me for permission to publish two of the Hall Street portraits in JUST KIDS, the first portraits of them together she noted. 41 years had passed. . . Robert and Patti had become legendary. Robert and I had remained friends until he died in 1989, and I had enjoyed commissioning and publishing photographs of his when I was the Design Director of House & Garden, Vanity Fair, and Condé Nast Traveler in the ’80s. Now it’s been 50+ years since I happened to see Robert and Patti crossing the street near their place in Brooklyn. The photographs we shot then are, as are all photographs, documents of a particular moment in time. They have also become documents of a time when two of America’s most important artists were very young, very beautiful, and very ambitious. It amazes me to share those moments from so long ago today.” – Lloyd Ziff, 2019 100 “Strictly Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff, with a “Limited Edition” signed and numbered C-Type print. 500 “Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff. Available now Photos courtesy of Lloyd Ziff and Avenue Communications  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker. HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  FALGUNI SHANE PEACOCK bodysuit, HARDEMAN chaps, BUSTED BRAND gloves, PLANET I sunglasses, and MELODY EHSANI earrings and DALMATA choker. It’s been just over a year since Doja Cat’s “Mooo!” swept the screens of millions across the globe. And unless you’ve been living under a rock, the American singer, rapper and producer begs no further introduction. With that said, in case you have in fact been dwelling beneath stone, then you should know that the future of music is Doja’s for the taking. With her 2018 claim-to-fame music video sitting atop 50M views on YouTube, and her most recent visual release for “Juicy,” featuring Tyga, breaking 20M in two weeks, the musician’s growth is unshakeable, having cemented her place through sweet sonics and visuals that pack a punch. As she so bluntly claims over the phone from her apartment in Los Angeles, “It’s only the beginning. I feel like I really know who I am and what I’m doing with my next project.” The bovine-style music video released last August would eventually flourish into a viral meme. “I didn’t mean for ‘Mooo!’ to get as big as it did,” she admits. “I had more serious music to put out, I’d been working on so much other stuff, but once I put the cow costume on, I had to do it. It was the only way I could get it out of my head,” she explains. Within days of the abrupt upload to YouTube, the video had racked millions of views. The dairy dreamscape was by no means Doja’s introduction to the music industry. In fact, she had been signed to RCA Records since 2014, after the successful release of her debut single, “So High.” From there, she followed up with several tracks, including “Go To Town,” off of her debut studio album in 2018. “Before ‘Mooo!,’ we hadn’t really gotten any viral hits, or had any hits, period. We were doing okay, but things weren’t at their fullest potential. That was the most significant part about ‘Mooo!’ going where it did—it allowed all my other work to have a foundation and have a pull.” Taking a moment to consider the past whirlwind year, she reasons, “Since ‘Mooo!’ blew up, it’s been kind of non-stop. I don’t know if it’s really allowed me to reflect, but I feel like I’ve refined my style and refined who I am. I kind of have to have the spotlight on me.” MATT SARAFA coat and GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses. MATT SARAFA coat, ABODI bodysuit and boots, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and NOÄ earrings. The spotlight she speaks of shines focused and fixed, with no intention of moving elsewhere, but as a consistent subject of such recognition, Doja Cat has experienced two sides to the coin that is internet fame. Since its inception, the Internet has proven an untamable beast, and the environment it has bred has developed twice as feral. Through public domains like Tumblr to TikTok, and YouTube to Twitter, a vast stretch of subcultures and trends have been cultivated. On opposite poles of this digital sphere, there stands viral fame and cancel culture. It’s no secret that the musician has faced multiple controversies regarding comments she’s made online, and it’s even less of a secret that the public is quick to mobilize on social media. After old tweets resurfaced of the artist using derogatory terms towards other rappers, a rallied audience of critics made it its mission to take her down. Admittedly hurt by some of the criticisms, she reasons, “I’m not invincible, I do get hurt by some comments. I’m not superhuman.” Immediately requiting, she follows up with, “But being raised on the Internet gives me the ability to know how to deal with negativity most of the time.” Then, at once in a final stride, she claims of her presence online, “It’s just a small portion of my life.” And just like that, if we’ve learned anything in 2019, it’s that you can’t cancel Doja Cat. HARDEMAN top, thong, and hat, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and DALMATA necklace. Fresh off the release of a new music video with LunchMoney Lewis for “Make That Cake,” while still riding the success of “Juicy,” she’s traveling cross country for performances and appearances on a weekly basis. In the age of virality, such sustainability is impressive. That said, she’s in no way the first artist to have a viral hit catapult their work to an unfamiliar stratosphere of celebrity, and certainly not the last. We’ve seen fellow musical phenoms like Mason Ramsey and Megan Thee Stallion reap the benefits of a trending tweet and hashtag or two. Could it just be that we’re experiencing the dawning of a new age in music? An educated guess would reason, yes. With democratized media-sharing platforms like Spotify and SoundCloud, there’s been an inevitable boom in bedroom pop-stardom. Not only that, but with the increasing irrelevance of labels across younger generations, classification proves less important in not only topics of gender, but music, too. Lines blur across styles nowadays, with artists coloring the outsides more than ever. In attempts to maintain order through categorical standards, we see the term “Alternative” tacked onto the classic genres we’ve come to know. I LOVE PRETTY skirt. I LOVE PRETTY skirt and BUFFALO LONDON shoes. Prompted to describe her forthcoming record, Hot Pink, in three words, she replies with little to no hesitation: “Too. Many. Genres.” Declining a subscription to any one breed of song, the response points to her exploration of sound, a progression of her euphony, and the future of music. “My last record is a lot different from this one because I didn’t understand what it was to be in the studio and in an environment where there’s a bunch of musical equipment,” Doja shares, candidly. “I was young, I was a teenager and I really didn’t know who I was. My character wasn’t really shining the way it does now. I can tell you Hot Pink is one of the best things I’ve done, the best project I will have ever released.” Then, implored to divulge more about the release in detail, she retracts to the previously implemented three-word limit: “Super, duper, mystery.” So while Doja—who won the world over with an onomatopoeia in 2018—makes a favorable case for the future of music today, her own music remains as ambiguous as it does full of promise. Photographed by: Julian Buchan.  Styled by: Katie Qian.  Hair: Frankie Payne using Oribe at Opus Beauty.  Makeup: Jadyn Ngo using Surratt Beauty and Artisbrush.com at The Visionaries. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj Photos by Steven Klein Think metallic, high-end glamour with a neon pink accent. Think barbie doll in outer-space. This iconic FENDI and Nicki Minaj collaboration is the perfect combination of bold yet sophisticated.  Teaming up with Silvia Venturini Fendi, the duo created the next chapter of the FF Series with a line for women’s, men’s and kids: FENDI Prints On. Nicki is known for her body-hugging clothing and most of the line is just that, but she beautifully contrasts it with leisurewear and classy pieces. With the FF logo covering the majority of the print, this line is nothing but eye-catching.  They took staple pieces that everyone needs in their wardrobe and added their own flare to it such as:  tulle dresses, reversible puffer coats, asymmetric body-con dresses, raincoats with leather sleeves, silver tracksuits, bomber jackets with knitted sleeves and metallic windbreakers.  This collection would not be complete without some daring accessories, and that is exactly what they have provided us. They have everything from sequined bags and fanny packs to customized snow boots and wedge trainers. These accessories will take any outfit to the next level.  They went above and beyond and created a collection that embodied Nicki’s personality along with high-end fashion and street style.  The FENDI Prints On capsule collection will be sold in 52 FENDI boutiques worldwide and on fendi.com from October 14th.  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj   Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj                    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   69 shirt, JEAN PAUL KNOTT pants available at Please Do Not Enter, and NIKE shoes.   Brooklyn born and LA based producer and artist, Kingdom, is bringing back is clubby and unique dance music to the industry. With two new EPs, the first one called “EXTERRA, Vol. 1,” on the way and an album coming in 2020, he is back in the realm of dance music, but keeping true to his innovative style.  All the way from the east coast, Kingdom was booked to perform in LA in the early 2000s, which gave him a foot in the door to the west coast’s music scene. From here, he has continued to expand his musical capacity and does not abide by genres or any type of limitation; with experimental taste and a desire to create, he strives to generate music that he loves and that the audience can appreciate/value.  He was kind enough to join me for a phone interview in which I asked many questions, hoping to find out more about him as a person and his career.  I know that Nacho Nava kind of helped bring you to LA, how did he influence you? I was DJing a lot in New York, but he was the first person to put me on a flight and bring me to the west coast to DJ. I think that the influence he really has is that he was putting people on like me who didn’t have any other shows or have a lot of hype or a lot of press or anything like that. He really just believed in the new talent and was always just so generous with that regardless of how well the show did or anything like that. It was really just like he was excited to put people on and it never seemed like it was something he was doing for his own to serve his own interest. It really was something he was doing for the community in LA. Specifically, influential in creating a really special scene on the eastside of LA. I think most people will associate like the gay scene with the west side, West Hollywood scene, which is so specific and there really wasn’t much going on on the eastside maybe a couple bars, but he was the first to create a really vibrant night life scene that involved art and dance and all different kinds of Djs of all different races, but also it wasn’t just a community vibe, it was also like he was bringing really really good music and reall really amazing performers, so it also drew in just from straight people music fans who knew that Mustache would have more edgy stuff, so it wasn’t just creating an alternative it was also just about quality. He had such a good eye for innovative stuff.  FENG CHEN WANG jacket available at Please Do Not Enter and ALLIGATOR JESUS bracelet. What was it like working with Nacho Nava cause I know you guys were working on a Netflix show together. Working with him was always a pleasure. He was always just so sweet so generous and he was just a great figure and really supportive of my label and my parties too. He would always, without me even asking, support a face of mine or event that I was doing that had nothing to do with Mustache. He was always so sweet. More recently, that’s actually kind of why the music video is dedicated to Nacho because basically I met the video director through Nacho. Nacho put us together in a conference call and basically we started talking and they had planned to bring some type of documentary for Netflix about kind of the more alternative more POC side of LA nightlife, specifically gay nightlife and queer nightlife. It was really just in the early stages of talk. We really didn’t get it off the ground, but Shahana, the director, was gonna obviously be on the director’s side and working on the shots and the camera stuff and all that. They wanted me to come in and add music to it, but essentially throw in some different raves and help bring in music so that we could create some events to film because there’s not, sadly there’s not a lot of footage of a lot of the old Mustache parties. They’re relatively undocumented, so that was the idea, but I think when he passed Shahana felt like it didnt’t make sense to pursue it still. It really was Nacho’s project. It was really just a conversation, but even just that concept was inspirational and meeting the director is kind of what spawned us to create the music video together in honor of him.  It seems like Nacho has been really influential to kind of your start here in LA and the music scene, but has he influenced your work at all kind of like maybe the beats you decide to use or the music has he influenced any of it? Since he’s not a musician or DJ himself I wouldn’t say it’s a direct influence on the actual sound. I’d say he’s more of an influence when it comes to throwing parties and bringing people together in the community and just showing people kindness and more of the things I spoke about a moment ago. Just about the social element of music more than the sound exactly, but I know the sound he likes and I think he had an appreciation for the sounds I work with.  MEALS shirt and pants. How does it feel to be in the genre again? It feels really good. I feel like with my last album Tears in the Club I was in a very kind of like atmospheric moody RnB space and ever since that album came out I’ve been doing more vocal production, working with singers, and I worked really hard launching the new singer that signed to Fade to Mind called Semma, so I’ve been really in that zone of creating something for vocalists and when I’m doing that I sometimes put aside exactly the Kingdom sound and I’m trying to create a universe for the singer that gives them a unique identity. It’s just a totally different assignment. It’s a different thing and it’s a different lifestyle too. It’s a lot of hours spent helping singers songwrite and it definitely tested my patience a lot of the time because I’ve spent quite a bit of time with several vocalists making demos for their projects and singers make hundreds of demos to test their project. A lot of time your beat doesn’t get picked or they go in a different direction or sometimes the vocalist is just caught up in other stuff and they don’t even release something. I might have been so in that world, so it was really refreshing to just kind of stop accepting bookings to do vocal sessions and I think it was kind of a reaction to doing all those vocal sessions that made me really want to just get back into my more ravey, clubby, housey references and it’s kind of also where I started. My first release ever, “Mind Reader,” was very kind of hard, weird, dance stuff, so I’m kind of going back and starting from scratch and starting from the beginning again and it just feels really good. I’m just excited to put stuff that’s more high energy and I’m DJing a lot right now, so it’s exciting to just play things that I can blend and just be kind of weird again cause I think working with vocalists it’s a lot more compromises, a lot more catering to them.  Do you have any inspirations for creating music, like are there any other artists that you look towards to or does everything just come from within? There’s definitely artists I look up to. Sometimes I freeze with the question because there’s so many that I have. I would have to say Rod Lee, Terror Danjah, and Darkchild. YOSHIO KUBO jacket and stylist’s own glasses. Would you ever mix different genres together like if you did RnB and dance music? Or is that something that you’ve already ventured into before?   Even though I do make some fully RnB sounding stuff, I kind of think that’s really what I’m known for even though the new stuff is pretty clubby, but I think you can still hear these little shreds of like the vocal stuff, the vocal samples. I think that RnB element is always there. That’s pretty much my mission, either I’m weaving back and forth or I’m weaving them together just kind of RnB sound with the club sound. For the next volume, I’m making another volume of the EXTERRA series and that one’s either gonna have more of the vocal stuff in it and I’m also working on my next album. I’ve got a lot of homework right now. I’m bringing in more vocal stuff as it progresses from my EP to my next album.  In regards to the vocal production, is there anything you look for in an artist when you want them to be on one of your songs? I love weird vocal textures. I just love when someone has a baby voice or has a strange croaky texture or has certain types of node that they like to hit. Just something that sets it apart because there’s so many people that sound so similar. And someone who’s not afraid of intense rhythm cause I think a lot of singers come from the studio wanting a really simple beat or something that sounds like their favorite, you know, Ella Mai song or like H.E.R. song or maybe a Corella song they heard or something, so I think someone who is down to get experimental and doesn’t mind sampling their voice. I’m especially also just addicted to high voices. I love falsetto. I’m known for working with women, which is my favorite working with female vocals. If I’m working with a guy he definitely has to be able to channel his feminine side. I don’t really like to work with men who wanna sing about the macho shit on the mic like I’m way more into men who are singing. you know explore both sides  MEALS jacket and pants. Do you have a certain process of producing or like how do you kind of create your songs? I’ve always been a drummer, so I feel like when I’m on my own making beats I always start with drums and just playing with different drum sounds and I finally, after years of not doing it, started to create my own drum kits and drum packs, so I have my own custom samples that I’m playing around with. When it comes to singers usually they’ll just freestyle over an existing beat. With Sema, the artist I recently signed to my label, she was one of the first people that I really just improvised with and sometimes she would just come in and she would start singing something first, so that’s a totally different process like kind of working in reverse and working from what her voice is doing.  Do you have any stories of the first time you met MikeQ or Ms. Boogie? This new EP I just put out, EXTERRA, Vol. 1, is kind of a throwback to the beginning of my career in many ways. One of them being that I’m returning to dance music and making just like much clubbier, harder material than I’ve made in a long time, but it also actually has two collaborations with artists that I’ve known for I think over a decade. Me and MikeQ and Shane Oliver from Hood by Air were the three Djs who got booked to DJ this artist named Reshaw Newsom. He had a party for one of his art openings. I had actually been a fan of Mike from MySpace and his website for years already and when I finally met him I just completely fanned out and got to play a track. My set was pretty much like MikeQ and Ivana Lore who’s like another ballroom legend. I basically played all super hard underground ballroom voguing music. I don’t think that Mike was expecting that from me necessarily and actually Mike went out on the dance floor and started voguing and he’s not a voguer, he’s a DJ. He rarely ever actually hits the dance floor and vogue. That was back when we Dj’d on CD so that night me and him like traded CDs and he gave me his CDs from his like case logic and I gave him CDs from mine. Ever since then we’ve been in touch and he’s producing music on my label as well, but he’s kind of hard to nail down and get a studio session with, so I’m just really excited to me and him having a track together 10 years later finally. My very first party that I threw on my own in NY was called “Club Vortex” and it was like in the back room of this art space, so it’s not really a venue at all and they didn’t have any security or anything and I think after the first one the word kind of got around cause you know under age kids are always looking for those very few places that they aren’t going to card, so I think word got around that there was this party happening that wasn’t carding and that was super open and fun and a few friends of mine actually showed up with Ms. Boogie at that very first party and me and her hit it off. She kind of got in a little bit of trouble that night. There was kind of like a little bit of a tussle on the dance floor and I think some wigs got pulled, but it was a pretty crazy night and that was before she was even just vocals, so it’s been amazing to see her progress into rapping and making music and I just love what she brings to the track. Saturday Kingdom performs with an Allstar roster including Bae Bae, BrownSkinHazel, Total Freedom and Uniiqu3 get tickets HERE Photographed by Alligator Jesus. Styled by Ally Nikoltchev Produced by: BJ Panda Bear Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. It was a family affair as last night UGG threw a banger to celebrate their now campaign featuring creatives in fashion and music including Slick Woods and son, Paloma and Ama Elsesser, Kim Gordon of Sonic Youth and daughter Coco Gordon Moore, Sasha and Sergio Lane, and Luka and Clark Sabbat. The event was a dazzling event paying homage to the brands California heritage.  The brand drew inspiration from the #UGGLIFE  campaign family-focused narrative highlighting the relationships and the spirit across generations that brings families together along with inspiring and challenging one another DJ’s and eyewear designers Coco & Breezy curated the events soundtrack. Staying on theme with a musical performance by SoCal local indie punk rock duo/brothers The Garden. UGG founded in 1978 by an Australian surfer originated on the coast of California. Renowned for its iconic classic UGG boot boosted by Hollywood celebs, and fashion editors around the world, the brand has extended into apparel and accessories with recent collaborations with the brands like Y/PROJECT and Eckhaus Latta. The evenings launch also featured the new range of buckle boots that also presented an exaggerated sole and a soon to be everywhere thigh grazing boot. After a dinner at the Roosevelt hotel, we caught up with the mama, muse, and all around bad ass Slick Woods to chat about #UGGLIFE.  Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Did you end up going out last night after the dinner at The Roosevelt? I’m a little exhausted but I don’t think I went out, I think went out went on me. How do you feel like UGG has fit into your life as a mother? UGG has been a big part of my life since the last campaign so we have been linking up. Do you feel like having a child has fit into life of the badass fashion creature you’ve always been known for? Yes, of course. I mean getting into motherhood and being an UGG mom has definitely been a big part of my life. You have really empowered the persona of the badass into this new creation, it’s beautiful. Of course, I had to slip into motherhood very unexpectedly. What do you see in the space between comfort and style? Well, comfort and style has always been missed together. I mean my style in very comfortable. Do you think simple comfort can be stylish? Yes, definitely, I am a little bit mixed with Tomb Raider, with a little bit of Kim Possible, and a little bit of, let’s say, Al Pacino. All together – that’s me What is one comfort faux pas you feel can never be chic? Broke shit… I don’t do broke shit. What is one comfort faux pas you feel we need to embrace more? Probably aristocratic shit. Like real rich nigga shit. I wish we did more of that. Yeah do more of that now! Do you see your son as following your footsteps in the modelling world? Hell no. My sons going to be a police officer or a fireman. And I’m gonna let him do that. Your film Goldie got great reviews. Do you see yourself getting more into film? No, the director was trash but my acting was fucking great. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   BUFFALO shoes. Make way for the newest edition to the female power movement, a DJ from Berlin who goes by Martafakka. With a background in Tech House, Funk House, Hip-Hop, RnB, and Afro House, she curates explosive beats that pulsate through the listener’s body causing them to not only feel Martafakka’s energy in her songs, but also having an almost out of body experience. As well, her expertise in mixing different genres creates a new kind of music and allows for a wide range of people to enjoy her work. Beyond her musical genius, she is an avid traveller, inspired learner, and according to her Instagram, is an animal lover as well. Take pleasure in reading the following interview with the creative genius.   BUFFALO shoes. Who would your dream collaboration be with? My favorites would be Dixon, Honey Dijon and Black Coffee What are you currently working on? And how is the process going? My main goal right now is to achieve the knowledge of producing myself. I have my roots in Hip- Hop and RnB and want to learn now more about electronic music especially tech house, funkhouse… I know that you have performed in Berlin, where would you love to perform next? I would love to perform in Ibiza, Amsterdam, London and New York. What is your favorite thing about performing and your fans? The best thing about djing is when you feel that people are getting exactly into your vibe and enjoy the party. What inspires your specific sound? I already traveled a lot in my life and I have been to many clubs where I got a lot of different vibe and music inspiration. What do you want your listeners to feel or take away from your music? The most important thing is LOVE, LOVE, LOVE and of course amazing energy! People should feel good and free while listening to my music. Its all about energy. What does your music creating process look like? I start with collecting my current favourite songs. After that it goes on with the main part; FIND MATCHING SONGS! It is my goal to combine all music genres with each other. There are no boundaries! Its kind of a process of course. Do you have a specific song that means a lot to you? What makes it special to you? It’s “Dirty Diana“ from Michael Jackson since I was a kid. It always hat something mystic about it…Who the f*** is Diana?!  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   REBECCA VALLANCE suit, ANDREA FOHRMAN earrings, and ANNA-KARIN KARLSSON sunglasses. She might not be a household name in America, yet, but Lila Iké has already taken Jamaica’s music scene by storm. Hailing from Manchester, Jamaica, she sharpened her teeth by performing at Jamnesia’s open mic on Saturday nights. The seaside venue (located in Bully Bay, about 20 minutes outside Kingston), has hosted many prominent Jamaican artists including Chronixx, Jah9, NoMaddz, and Protoje. The latter performer, Protoje, happens to be a Grammy nominated artist and his ears perked when he first heard Lila Iké’s music. He signed her as part of his collective, In.Digg.Nation.  Lila’s friendship with Protoje turned out to be the turn her music career needed. The signing thrusted her into the spotlight, where she’s performed alongside him at Jamaica’s Reggae Sumfest (basically it’s the Coachella for the country) with 30,000 heads in attendance then making her NYC debut at BRIC’s Celebrate Brooklyn! Concert. In 2017, Lila dropped her first official track, titled “Biggest Fan.” She wrote the song for her mother, whom she dubbed her “biggest fan.” The song’s release opened the floodgates for her solo career, with several other songs following suit. Earlier this summer, she performed on Protoje’s song “Not Another Word,” which acted as the biggest track she’s been apart of. After premiering on Rolling Stone, “Not Another Word” has graced Spotify playlists “Dancehall Queen,” and “Dancehall Official.”  While Lila Iké might hold the Reggae universe in the palm of her had, she’s not interested in classifying herself as a Reggae artist. She believes her music is more universal than to label inside a single genre. Flaunt spoke with the rising artist about her humble beginnings, treasured inspirations, and the meaning behind the words Lila Iké.  MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit and JIMMY CHOO shoes. I always like to know what influences an artist when they are writing and recording their songs. Who would you say are your musical influences? My favorite singer of all time is Garnett Silk. I love Toni Braxton, I really love Lauren Hill. All great artists in different genres and different types of music. But my all-time favorite is Garnett Silk. Why would they inspire you? Garnett Silk is my all-time favorite because of what he did for the music I don’t think anybody else did it. I feel like his voice, his style, he had a spiritual thing with his voice. Also, the fact that he didn’t get much time to do what I really think he wanted to do. Very powerful and very spiritual. How he was cut down so early almost makes me take up the responsibility, just make sure my music is on that level.  What’s your intention when performing your music? What are you trying to give your listeners with your talents? When I’m performing, I’m basically giving everything. With certain performers, You can identify with what they are saying. , You can see certain movements in their body, you can feel in your presence that music isn’t something they are doing to make some money. So when I’m performing I’m doing what I’m supposed to do, which is give it all Every artist has a different creative process when writing and recording music. What does your look like?  I search for inspiration, I don’t necessarily like writing with a pen and paper. When going through my everyday life, if a thought comes to me, i’ll whip out my phone and record it. Somethings I don’t record all my inspirations, but it comes upon you and for some people, it comes through like mediation or dancing or going different places. For me it’s all of the above. I like having conversations about different things. like learning as much as I can. I like listening to music, going to jam sessions.  ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER coat and boots, HALPERN turtleneck, and MISHO earrings. You’ve released four singles so far. What’s next? Is there an album or an EP on the way? Naturally, but I can’t say when. I am definitely working on new music.  We will keep our ears open! There’s a lot of musical genres, what inspired you to chose reggae? Is there a connection to the genre which drew you to it?  Personally, I don’t really associate myself with any particular genre, I feel like its a conscious thing. Like a work of poetry. I grew up in Jamaica, where there is lots of reggae. But I love reggae, it’s my favorite genre. I love spoken music, jazz, country music, reggaeton. But for me, reggae music is a part of me.  Are you still based in Jamaica? Yes. Rolling Stone premiered “Not Another World,” which features you working with Protoje and Agent Sasco. Are there any more collaborations coming up which you can tell us about? I recently did a song produced by Izzy which was released on the same day, so I haven’t been pushing it that much. That’s the most recent collaboration I’ve worked on but I’m interested in working with a lot of artists. I’d love to do a song with Chronixx and Koffee. These are things I have in my head that hopefully work out.  You recently performed at LA’s Delicious Pizza for their block party. Are there any more US shows coming up on your itinerary? Not right this minute, the next time I’m in America for a show is in Washington. My friend wants to come perform at his venue. Me, Sevana, a new artist called Jaz Elise, and another artist named Apollo. We are apart of their acoustic presentation. That’s the only thing I’m certain about. October 14th. Where did the name Lila Iké come from? What does it mean to you?  Lila, biblically was coined from my original name Alecia Grey. When I was born people would always shorten my name. They’d call me Leekee or Leelee. Once somebody called me Lila and I was very drawn to that name because I felt like a “Lila”. I made a Facebook account and used it as my Facebook name, it was “Lila Music.” And people started calling me Lila. Before I know it, everybody actually thinks my name is Lila.  Iké, I got that name from a friend of mine I met when I moved to Kingston. This guy had a Nigerian background. He grew up in Africa and said Iké is short for Ikechukwu, he told me that it meant “God is powerful” I grew up in a Christian home, my mom always went to church and believing in a higher being was always a crucial part of our everyday life. And I personally believe that there is something more beautiful and powerful than all of us here on Earth.  I wanted to appropriate this energy, which is the purest form of my music. That’s where Lila Iké came from.  It was great talking to you, is there anything you would like to add? I want people to know that it’s okay for them to be themselves, and they should go for whatever they want if they feel it in their hearts. If it brings them joy.   MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit. Photographed by Nolwen Cifuentes. Styled by Mui-Hai Chu. Hair: Darren Hau using Oribe at Opus Beauty. Makeup: Mylah Morales  at Exclusive Artists.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Autumn Hrubý is the founder of knitwear enthusiast and journal, Hesperios. The carefully crafted, sustainable collections express Hrubý’s philosophy of “quality over quantity,” with garments meant to last a lifetime. An extension of the brand is it’s dedication to classic and contemporary art, literature, and travel, which reveals itself in a biannual anthology— distributed internationally through art-and-design book stores, galleries, newsstands, and museums. This month, Hesperios released it’s third edition of the ongoing journal series, marking the celebration of both established and emerging creatives. From artists to chefs to filmmakers and poets, No.3 is packed with visual references, intellectual nuances, and personal anecdotes that will galvanize any and every reader. Flaunt spoke with Hrubý post-Journal No.3 launch to chat all things Hesperios. HESPERIOS founder, Autumn Hrubý. What’s the story behind the name of your line and literary journal, Hesperios, meaning “the evening star”?  My friend Evan Dando started calling me Hess as a nickname, short for Hesperios. At the time, Glenn O’ Brien and I were brainstorming potential names for my company to be. It was a long process, and he had several amusing options, but when I heard Hesperios, everything just clicked.   Of all the interviews in this issue, who surprised you most, and why?  Miranda Brooks interview. I loved discovering that she meditates with her client before each project to bless the land and ask the spirits for help.  “In Japan there is a standard practice to have a land blessing with the client and architect before any construction begins, to make peace with who has been there before, and to suggest where the spirits can safely wait until construction ends. Once construction is complete, they are invited back to bring love and a sense of being to what was created.”  Visually, how has literature and the art world influenced your designs?  Art and literature have influenced our brand in every possible way. I knew I wanted to make the perfect sweater and cardigan with reoccurring artist collaborations and less common color palettes. And of course, we publish art and literary books, which is at the heart of what we do. This has always been the idea behind Hesperios. Sometimes working with an artist on a particular cardigan will influence the range of colors for the collection, but I usually have a well-defined palette from the very beginning. I often have Maria Sibylla Merian’s books around for reference.   As fashion is the second most polluting industry in the world, how does your brand support sustainable practices? I’m glad you asked. This is a long answer, but it is the most important question I am asked. Hesperios has been called a “sustainable brand,” and I’m not sure what that means or if any brand can be truly “sustainable,” but we are trying, every day. I have set very high standards in the way I’d like to run everything. We are a small team, but we all care and want to do things differently and thoughtfully rather than arbitrarily pushing out more product. I think we’ve had a head start as a new company forming good habits in the early stages, rather than having to unravel detrimental ones later on. Even so, it’s a constant process which requires a tremendous amount of time to research alternative materials and more efficient methods of production.  It was always my intention to create a well-made, high-quality product that would last forever and age well. Our collection began with a sweater; designed as something you can keep as an heirloom— quality over quantity. We produce two seasons a year, with limited releases in between, all of which are produced in low quantities, so we aren’t sitting on excessive inventory.   We also recycle our inventory in a way that I’m proud of. In our last three collections, we selected a few styles from our inventory, like our Gayle or Lou knit tank, and combined them with pleating to create our signature Paloma and Lola dresses. Our collection also consists of a core library of year-round knits, which means we can keep these on our website longer because they technically don’t fall out of style. If we have inventory in a color that hasn’t sold as well, we dye it sustainably. Timeless and well-made products retain their value.  All of our wovens are produced locally in New York City. This reduces the waste of packaging and shipping materials. We try to use as much deadstock, antique, and recycled materials as possible. We will never produce leather, and we’ve kept our material options to a minimum. I don’t plan on using cashmere or wool. We plan to use 100% organic cotton by next year, and we’re also in the planning phase of bringing our knit production in-house, so we are in control of all phases of production.   I wish building a company was just about telling stories and making beautiful things, but this is such a small fraction of what is required. There can be a myriad of factors and variables which influence every decision and sometimes can be overwhelming. But we approach everything with thoughtfulness and integrity in mind.  I’ve been a vegetarian for 18 years, and I’ve always been conscious of my environment. When I was 20, I lived on a permaculture and biodynamic farm in San Miguel de Allende, and when I moved back to the states, I viewed our resources differently. I think this experience has informed my life decisions going forward, and I’m constantly reminded of those lessons. I recently sat through the Earthlings documentary and was completely shaken. It takes you through all the industries that rely on animals and how corrupt so many industries are. After watching this, I wanted to begin taking steps to become vegan. I also became overwhelmed with all the lifestyle choices associated with this decision and that if I became vegan, I would want the brand to be as well. Suddenly, becoming vegan was harder than anything I’ve ever thought about doing, especially regarding fashion. Right now, I am gathering the facts so that it isn’t an overwhelming transition. Leather is everywhere. There is no reason when there are plenty of alternative materials to use for a handbag or a shoe. But then, you also have to be knowledgeable about how those materials are made and the waste or toxic threats they could be creating.   Patagonia has been a big inspiration for my colleagues and me. My best friend, Miye McCullough, is our Director of Operations, and she has a background in Conservation, so we are always talking about sustainability. She recommended a book called The Responsible Company by Vincent Stanley and Yvon Chouinard. It has been my ongoing resource for information. I recommend this book to everyone, both personally and professionally. You can learn from their past mistakes as a company, how transparent they are, and what they did to learn and improve not only their production but practices on a global scale. The bottom line is that it takes a community effort to create change. The book is also a reminder that while mistakes are inevitable, what counts is how we solve each problem.  Everyone on our team has a genuine interest in sustainability. We enjoy the research process equally as much as the creative one. I’ve been a member of an innovative design library ever since we started, which gives architects and designers access to sustainable, biodegradable, recyclable, certified organic materials around the world. They have an actual library you can walk through and scan swatch cards; giving you instant access to suppliers who produce bio-leather from pineapple juice.   I don’t want to turn a blind eye to our ecological crisis. If I’m made aware of something that isn’t right, I will go to great lengths to try and correct it and make it better. But I have to remind myself that it cannot happen overnight.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 Drop 1 launching today, October 8th, Zara aims to release their variations on the here to stay khaki and uniform stylized core pieces. For decades in DIY culture, core basics have been used as representation and a source of visual language to identify rebellion and counterculture. These two characteristics are still used as the main sources of inspiration to highlight individual style and remain part of being unbranded in a capitalistic society. As well as being inspired by figures involved in the arts, musicians, actors, artists, and so forth. Zara is taking classic clothing archetypes with this new SRPLS CHPTR 03 line, consisting of outerwear, shirts, pants, and accessories, remixing them with new proportions, cuts, and sews every release to give a new meaning. This will be the 3rd instalment of Zara’s bi-annual SRPLS collection, showcasing men and women collections as in the past, but for the first time a kid’s line will be available. The collection speaks on the military influenced clothes that have become part of the world’s wardrobe vernacular for the past 60 years in popular culture. Made from premium materials, in limited edition with three releases each season. The collection will be available online and in select stores across the US, Spain, Germany, UK, France, Italy, Poland, Japan and China. Photos courtesy of ZARA Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Gucci has begun accepting applications for the North American Changemakers program, which includes its $1.5 million Scholarship Program and its $5 million Impact Fund for nonprofit organizations, and they have brought a collaboration with DRØME Creative Director Satchel Lee to announce it. The grant and scholarship open call announcement invites young people and nonprofits to apply to be Gucci Changemakers.  Earlier this year, Gucci announced its North American Changemakers Program, working in alignment with the company’s vision for garnering a greater social impact and pushing diversity and equity forward within the fashion industry. The film announcing the open call for applications was narrated by Changemakers Council Co-Chair, Poet, and Author Cleo Wade, and allowed for young people to share their own stories. Wade stated, “Change does not happen in theory, it happens in community. We are bringing the Gucci Changemakers initiative to life by bringing not only funds, but also time, energy, and care to communities that have been historically and systemically under resourced and overlooked for too long.” Both of the programs aim to do exactly that. They give to and prioritize historically underrepresented and marginalized communities in order to allow for the advancement of the youth and nonprofit organizations hoping to create broader change, starting within their own communities.  Learn more on applications and eligibility at www.changemakersus.gucci.com. Photos and video courtesy of Gucci Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   GUCCI jacket, pants, and shoes.  BEN SHERMAN top and pants, BRUNO MAGLI boots. The singer-songwriter and actor Chord Overstreet surprised a lot of his fans when, in 2015, he left behind his acting days on Glee to pursue a career in music. The son of Grammy-award-winning country music singer-songwriter Paul Overstreet, Chord had grown up surrounded by music, which he quickly developed an affinity for. Once he formed his own band, Overstreet, the singer was already opening for Demi Lovato and Nick Jonas on their Future Now Tour. After releasing some well-received tracks, the band came along with their first EP earlier this year Man on the Moon, Overstreet is back with the new track “My Ex.“ Flaunt sat down with Chord Overstreet and discussed his relationship with music, songwriting, and his newest single “My Ex”. I wanted to ask you a little bit about your upbringing. You were brought up by a Grammy award-winning father, you have a music-related name—it’s almost as if it was predetermined that you would be involved with music. It was probably my dad’s way of nudging me out the door with a guitar in my hand. I was the third one born into my family, and there’s three notes in a chord, so my dad and mom had names like that for everybody. My sister’s name is Harmony, like a four-part harmony, and a brother named Nash for Nashville, so everyone’s got a wacky name.  How would you say your relationship with music has evolved throughout your childhood up until today?  My relationship with music started out when I was really young and my dad introduced me to Elvis, the Beatles, and James Taylor. The stuff that I responded to was the lyrical content—songs with a story that helped you stepping out of reality, just being in your head and going wherever the music takes you. Lyrics first for me is where I always go, such as James Taylor and Bob Dylan, guys who were really able to paint a world.  Branching out into your own musical career—did you always want to do that, or was it a more recent decision after Glee?  I always did it just because I grew up around it. When I first moved out to LA, I was trying to get the acting thing going, and I had my guitar—it was always there. I never thought about it too much, I just always did it. I would be writing and I would be playing. Everything I got involved in and it worked always coincidentally had music involved, it kept chasing after me. I also always had the desire to do what my dad was doing. When I was probably 17 and playing football—I wanted to play pro football—I got a knee injury and was on Oxycontin on the couch. I was playing video games and my dad was like “Turn that damn game off and write a song!” So I picked up the guitar and couldn’t put it down.   That’s amazing. It’s good that it stuck, because I remember my parents forcing me to learn the piano at a young age, and I would get so bored by it. But then, the love for music sticks with you. It’s interesting because, when you’re a kid and taking music lessons, you don’t necessarily have the drive and determination —although some people do—to push that as a kid and develop those skills. Thank God that parents make kids take lessons because when you’re older, it’s there. I’m really thankful for my mom driving me to guitar lessons. It’s about having the foresight to see that it would be useful someday. Of course, I saw my dad do it, and he obviously taught me a lot about songwriting. My dad said something interesting to me. He had a rough childhood—he came from a broken home—and yet was always very positive in his songwriting, his message was really uplifting. Somebody asked him where his inspiration comes from when he’s writing, and he responded that he always wrote about how he wished his life was, not how it actually was, how he wanted it to be. I thought that was really cool, to be able to twist anything and make a positive message out of it. I’ve learned a lot from him out of my 30 years of studying him. I was really blessed that he put great music in front of me for me to learn from versus some of the stuff that’s pretty bad [laughs].  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. From all of these influences, how is it that you came to the sound you have now? I have a lot of modern influences even just in production, with the sound and current alternative stuff. Finding your niche within that, going back and taking some older retro production vibes and going in some of that—I would say it came from a lot of trial and error, honestly, just throwing a bunch of things at the wall. I was frustrated with not having a sound, so I went back and listened to a lot of Beach Boys stuff, as well as diving into deep tracks of music, while always wanting to make stuff that lasts for a long time. You find inspiration from the best.   You’re getting what inspiration you can from different artists and injecting it into your own style. Exactly. It’s like I really liked the way they presented that sound, how they had fifty different voices way back then, and just finding your own voice within that. A lot of the stuff I love listening to is just stuff that I want to drive to. Then I did a bunch of tours with just me and an acoustic, that singer-songwriter stuff. That’s a different side of me that is there, but after a while you just want to put on a rock show, you want to have fun, you want to express yourself and do crazy shit and not give a fuck about anybody.  GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and talents own ring. That’s actually what I wanted to ask you about next, about your shift from performing solo to having a band. It makes sense that you did it like your father before with the singer-songwriter aspect, and then you wanted to branch out.  That side of it for me is about expressing your emotions. You’ll to be up there, you’re vulnerable, and pouring your soul out. The band stuff and the energy—the crowd has so much to do with it. It’s such a release to be able to express yourself, and be that big, and be that loud, and to do whatever the fuck you wanna do. There’s such a rush in that, and when you go on and perform, you just black out—from the time it starts to the time it ends. Then all of a sudden I’m going, “Wait, is it over? Did that just happen?” It’s almost like its own drug, which you can get out of the singer-songwriter stuff, but that’s a little more therapeutic, and reliving some dark, heavier stuff.  You also have this support network of the rest of your band with you on stage.  Yeah. It’s fun to be able to make music with your friends, to shake out all of your anxiety, and nerves. I’m not a great dancer, so on stage I can just do the weirdest, craziest, stupidest stuff, and not give a fuck. That’s one of the things I like. That’s the only time you’re gonna see me blow off steam. It’s almost like you turn into a different person, which I love. That has a very similar connection with me that acting does. When acting, you get to disappear for a second. GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and KSWISS shoes. I really like that, because there’s also this other side of performing that’s filled with nerves, and you’re always worried about what people will think. But when it’s right for you, you just melt into it.  Once you say, “Fuck it,” and jump off…The first time I started doing live stuff with a band, I was learning my body, and how I move, and how I do things. But then, once you rip the band aid off and learn to not give a shit, to just have fun and move around like nobody’s watching…that’s the best. Once you can take that jump, it’s fun.  Great. I’m wondering, what artists today would you like to collaborate with if you had the opportunity? I would love to collaborate with Sting or, I listened to a lot of Aerosmith growing up they were probably one of my favorite bands. I don’t know what that would sound like, but probably more so the legends. Just to be able to say I did it and pick their brain. To get into their headspace and see what their creative process is like. Yeah, I’d ask a lot of questions like, “Hey, when you wrote ‘Dude (Looks Like a Lady),’ what was the story behind that? I’d probably be the most annoying person sitting next to them, because I would be asking them so many questions. I find that the process of songwriting is so different for everybody that “What inspired this, what inspired this, what inspired this” might open your eyes to all the things around you that you wouldn’t normally pay attention to.  BEN SHERMAN t-shirt, KENZO pants, and BALLY shoes. Going off of that, I want to ask you a similar question about your upcoming single “My Ex.” The songs on your Man on the Moon EP have a lot to do with past relationships and the effect they had on you. How does this single play off that? What inspired this direction that you’re going in? I wrote this song the next day after running into one of my exes. I ran into her at the bar and she was with one of her friends, and I used to hang out with both of them when we were together. I run into this person all the time, and I ran into her, and every time I run into her she’s with her boyfriend. It’s a little odd, because he’s just a little bit odd about it. We’re cool though, I love her to death she’s super sweet. She started flirting with me a little bit, talking and drinking. To make a long story short, we hung out and afterwards I felt like she was making a move on me—not that I would’ve done anything. Then her boyfriend showed up and the whole vibe completely changed. I found all of this really interesting, so the next day when I went into the studio to write, I started working on the track with my buddy, and in thirty minutes I had the song written. The thing I thought was interesting was, what if I actually did go home with my ex-girlfriend and she left her current boyfriend? I just thought that would’ve been an interesting hypothetical situation, because once you had that relationship with somebody, there’s always something that’s underneath a little bit. You’re always wondering “What if it turned out differently?  When you’re young, relationships end for reasons that when you’re older I’m sure they never would. There’s probably a reason and a good reason it did end. I self-examine a lot of my dating life. It’s an easy thing for me to really look at that while I’m writing.  That’s a positive thing—self-examination, looking at how everything went down and how you can change for the future—it’s a very good thing. It’s very much like therapy.  Like self-therapy almost.  It is difficult to analyze yourself without you running through your own protective filter. When something happens in a relationship, people see it from a slanted view where they end up not being as harsh on themselves as they are on the person they’re breaking up with. Being that way with yourself can be tough.  KENZO jacket and pants. Very true. My final question is, you know how people usually get an impression of an artist whenever they listen to their album or a single. I’m wondering, with the debut album you’re releasing next year, is there a specific impression you want people to get of you, whether as a person or as a musician? That’s a good question. My goal for this next batch of songs is—everybody relates to love, loss, things changing. They might not relate to the exact story, but everybody has felt that way, everyone has had that emotion. Being able to really put out emotions that are relatable, that hard stuff that you don’t really want to talk about, or being able to share the good feelings. It’s about being able to emote and give people something they can relate to.  They end up feeling an emotional connection to it. They have a connection to the music. Even if it is specific to my story. That’s probably the main goal.  That’s probably the main unifier between people and music—the ability to connect with an emotion or lyric, anything about it—it’s great.  It could just be a lyric, it could be something that makes you say “I felt that way.” Even Drake with “Why you gotta fight with me at Cheesecake Factory/ You know I love to go there.” That’s funny, and it’s real. I think it’s genius how specific that is, because you can’t make that shit up.  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. It’s specific enough that you can imagine being in a similar situation. Everybody has got into a fight with somebody at a place like that. Cheesecake Factory is just—I think that’s hilarious. Drake does that better than anyone. Great. That’s it on my part, is there anything you wanted to talk about that we haven’t touched on? We talked about the sound, the inspiration…The one thing I also wanted to talk about…just the…I guess we talked about it. Letting people in and getting a good look at who I actually am and what goes on behind the curtains, what grinds my gears I guess. Especially with this new project you’re doing, it’s a new path, and for people to see that and get their impression of you, it’s really important. It’s new for me, but it’s also thirty years of  my experience in self-discovery, and giving people a look into the reality of where I’ve been and where I’ve come from, that’s really important. That’s great. We very much look forward to your new material.  Yeah, I’m constantly writing, so hopefully I’ll get a bunch of new stuff out there.  Photographed by Jonny Marlow at Early Morning Riot. Styled by Brendon Alexander. Grooming: Avian King using Davines at The Rex Agency. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   A woman with a past containing hardships to a future where she can clearly see what she wants, Diana Gordon is back with her new single, “Becoming” which is all about celebrating hard work, being in control, and having her family by her side. She is a multi talented woman who sings, song writes, produces, and is a visual artist. Diana is not afraid to be herself and through her voice and singing, she has been able to have an emotional outlet. Her music is a mix of rhythmic drums, alternative rock, and dark folk, which create a melodic base for her powerful and captivating voice.  Diana has won Grammys in the past for her songwriting and producing work with many prominent artists, including Mark Ronson, Dua Lipa (“Electricity”), Beyonce ("Sorry", "Daddy Lessons", "Don't Hurt Yourself'), and more.  Her 2018 EP Pure was described by Pitchfork as being, “marked by her striking voice and emotional candor.” Diana has an album set to come out next year and will follow the tone of her new single “Becoming.”   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The high desert has remained as popular as it was 40 years ago to getaway to, when your dad was planning a Joshua Tree trip with his buddies and forgot to pack the trail mix, as well as the good suede boston birkenstock’s.  HWY 62 ART TOURS is becoming one of the fastest growing attractions taking place over 3 weekends in October, featuring 150 artists opening their studios to showcase artwork.  Part of the fun derrives from its self-driven aspect, furtherly explained by Art Tours Director, Bill Green: “The best thing about the Art Tours is that you never know what you’ll discover. With over 30 different categories of art, you might see a tile house followed by an abstract painter followed by a sculptor. You get to choose what you want based on your interest. There are so many different artists here with unique studio spaces that you can’t possibly see them all. It’s a big reason why we went to three weekends this year.” This special desert art tour taking place under the stars will take place this month in October over the spand of 3 weeks.  Weekend Oct. 5th & 6th, the 11th & 12th, and lastly the 18th & 19th. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Photo courtesy Nike. This is what we have been waiting for. In Los Angeles, Nike is coming out with limited-edition Air Max 270 React sneakers and fleece hoodies. Not only are they limited-edition, they are specially-designed by three talented L.A. artists: Sage Adams, Jheyda McGarrell, and Gabrielle Richardson. Each artist used their stories to create a this new collection of sneakers and hoodies, incorporating their unique style and flare. Flaunt was fortunate enough to get to chat with the women, see below.  SAGE ADAMS: The NY Transplant “Designed by artist and curator Sage Adams, this Air Max 270 React is a reinvention of the classic white shoe that Adams saw in her childhood. The shoe comes outfitted with a pizza slice charm to nod to the classic comfort from her home-state, a reminder to pay tribute to your roots.” What inspired you to pursue art? For me the lack of representation of marginalized people as popular visual artists really spoke to a gap I wanted to fill. We needed more than Basquiat, we needed to know Carrie Mae Weems, Kara Walker, Henry Taylor! I needed to see more of a spectrum of the stories being told and mediums used.  Do you feel that art has opened up new possibilities for expression for you?  Art In many ways has taken over how I see the world. Before I started breaking things down into shape rather than how they ‘actually look’ was the moment I began to feel like an artist. It’s opened my mind to an array of possibilities otherwise deemed impossible. I didn’t even think I could draw as a kid. What is the process you go through when curating an exhibition? Do you have a specific message in mind? For me it’s getting to know the artist and what made them make the thing and then it’s how do these things come together to tell the story.  What connects the works, what makes them different from other pieces in archive? What medium? What does the architecture of the actual gallery space look like? Creating an authentic representation of an idea or ethos is one of the hardest and most rewarding things there is.   JHEYDA MCGARRELL: The Homegrown Angeleno “L.A. native artist Jheyda McGarrell’s take on the Air Max 270 React is influenced by her Black and Mexican upbringing. Pops of red pay homage to rose bushes grown in the front yard of her childhood home, while gold accents represent the evolving idea of opulence for Black and Brown communities. Topped off with a cherub charm, a reminder to honor traditions and use the lessons of the past to keep it moving forward.” Questions for Jhyeda Mcgarrell: How does your heritage, as an Angeleno of both Black and Mexican decent, reflect onto your artwork? My heritage is reflected in all of my work due to the heavy impact of it in my formation. The contention of growing up experiencing all these different aspects of culture and tradition is an experience many without their stories ever been told. This specific project in my mind has worked to piece together the different aspects of the different culture backgrounds, that our two cultures share. This shoe to me bridges the created tension of an American landscape. It shows the ways we are one and the ways people like me live between these different ideologies and physical spaces. It bridges the weird black kid in the white neighborhood to the dark skinned mixed Mexican kid growing up with Tias smoothing down their curls and gives us space to just be all our different facets without contention.  What was the most rewarding and challenging part of this process? The most rewarding part in this has been seeing the smile on my mom’s face when I told her I was working on a collaboration with Nike. The most challenging but also rewarding part has been working with an entire crew of people to execute an idea which is still relatively new to me. It’s so beautiful to see all these brilliant, different minds working to make something I once imagined.  What do you hope people feel when they wear your shoes/hoodie? Confidence? Individuality?  I hope when they wear the apparel they feel like they are truly reflecting their highest self. I hope they feel comfortable and free. I hope they feel every good emotion that has been out into the making and the lifestyle behind the creation. I hope they feel loved because I know I do from them.  What qualities do you see in yourself that you know you got from your family? Pretty much everything. My family is completely made up of immigrants and all of the qualities I’ve gained from their strength and preservation in a country against them is appreciated. I have learned love and a desire to improve our lives and the lives around us and to honor heritage. I have learned even the qualities they might oppose in me. I have learned to always crave freedom and to always have a strong sense of self among so many other things.  It is so amazing that you get to work with Nike to be a source of inspiration for many people. What has inspired you, and in return, what do you want your work to inspire in others?  Thank you! It is literally such an honor. I’ve been inspired by everyone around me embodying the phrase “existence is resistance”. I’ve been inspired by the black, the brown, the indigenous, the queer, the trans, the fat, the disabled, the people who make up the qualities most worth embodying, utter freedom of expression and true strength. I hope my work inspires people to follow myself and others in moving forward towards freeing themselves and seeing the value in their everyday life, even when it’s boring, even if you hate yourself, like I did once and still do sometimes, I hope they know they are important.  GABRIELLE RICHARDSON: The Passionate Traveler “Neon meets pastel in a technicolor dream in the Air Max 270 React designed by model and multimedia artist Gabrielle Richardson. The colorway exhibits the dichotomy of the modern-day jetsetter — neon being those moments of movement, and pastels representing the comforts of home. Embellished with a ‘Real’ charm, an encouragement to make creative dreams a reality without letting others restrict your point of view.” Questions for Gabby Richardson: Which place that you’ve travelled to been the most influential, or just your favorite and why? I think the most influential place I’ve ever been is in Cape Town, South Africa. It was beautiful to be in a majority black country, but still felt a sense of disillusion being in a country with such an intense racial caste system. I felt so lucky to be in Africa, a continent that felt so connected to my identity but where I had never been. I met so many young talented South African artists in Cape Town who shared their art with me, and it reinforced my drive to do better to create and facilitate spaces for young black kids globally. What do you want people to feel or think when wearing your design? I want people to feel validated, I want to give people hope. I want people to know, in our constant shared state of anxiety that we live in that there is a silver lining. I used the neon colors because they’re utilitarian colors used often in industrial and emergency settings, I offset the abrasive colors with pastels to give it a sense of softness, and a sheer window so people can show off their personality. I think the real chain is self-explanatory, what you do, whatever you want to do, that shits real, that shits valid, don’t let anyone limit you and tell you that your aspirations are fake. What does it mean for you to be a part of Nike’s limited edition collection? It feels crazy! I As a child I never thought it was a possibility for me to work in the creative world and even more of a ludicrous fantasy to be able to have my own shoe. I think it’s a testament that any dream you have can be built. This journey with Nike has been a really formative experience for me as artist, I have never been so affirmed in my artistry. I was able to direct so many aspects of the campaign from the casting, color ways, and insert in the shoe. Being believed in is a magic that I want to pass on. Everything can be real!! What does travel mean to you? Through my time traveling I’ve realized that I learn mostly through experience. Through meeting people and exchanging stories of each other’s lives, I not only gain an objective knowledge but also broaden my emotional intelligence. A willingness to learn doesn't have to only connote traditional practices of learning, an education can be childlike and involves a lot of falling and getting back up. Traveling allows to see me to see the world for the first time always, everything and anything can fill me with wonder.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    WILDFOX clothing.  WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, JF LONDON shoes, ASOS belt, and KRYSIA RENAI necklace.  WILDFOX clothing and DALMATA necklace and ring.  WILDFOX clothing, B JAMES bag, WOLF CIRCUS necklace, and FARRADAS KNITS clips.  WILDFOX t-shirt and CLYDE hat  WILDFOX clothing, ASOS headband, IMAGO-A belt, and MALONE SOULIERS shoes.  WILDFOX clothing and MISCREANTS gloves.   Left to right: WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, VIA SPIGA shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. WILDFOX sunglasses, MALONE SOULIERS shoes, FARRADAS KNITSearrings, I.O. COLLECTIVE ring, and NORA KOGAN ring.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings.  WILDFOX clothing, TIBI belt, LADY GREY earrings, and MARY MACGILL necklace.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. In a city more rife with wantrepreneurs than we care to truly consider, there are origin stories aplenty. Divided this in two, split that up, and presto! Success! Took the family business and scaled it. Had an invention idea come in a dream and now we're shipping ten thousand units. Was in the right place at the right time. Knew a guy who knew a guy and the rest is history. Often rather boring stories. But how often do you hear of success stories that originate in the club? Business is done in clubs, business is celebrated in clubs, but rarely do you witness material success be birthed in the club. Enter saxophonist and entrepreneur Jimmy Sommers, CEO of Wildfox and 100% owner of the lifestyle brand known for its sun-soaked, sexy California attitude. In addition to being Wildfox CEO, Jimmy Sommers is a partner in top shelf tequila, Perfectomundo, with multi-Grammy winning DJ and producer, Paul Oakenfold, and owns a boutique line of beautifully hand-forged eyewear, very appropriately named Sommers.  Wildfox was birthed over a decade ago. While throwing must-attend parties all over the world, and made in LA units flying fast, the company navigated the economic recession and explosion of e-commerce with a big smile on its face. The birth of influencer marketing across Instagram, however, and a glut of fast, cheap fashion brands, have created challenges in recent seasons, and Sommers is continually seeking ways in which to stay true to how his brand was built and scaled, while integrating a modern sensibility for how fashion is currently consumed. Sommers took time on the deck of his Modern home in the Hollywood Hills, to speak on the changes he's witnessed in the apparel industry, as well as Los Angeles, as well as his only-in-Hollywood story of rising to musical prominence, and in so doing, creating a platform for himself with which to meet the world and explore other ventures. In support is a Wildfox Fall '19 editorial, photographed on the azure hills of Malibu late this summer by frequent Flaunt photographer, Shane McCauley. You found your footing in Hollywood with an exceptional saxophone talent right?  Exactly, being good at something was my way in. The saxophone was my in to Hollywood, in to different events, meeting people. It was a tool. I used the sax as a tool. In college I got a scholarship for it. Then I got to take a crack at LA because I had a reason: to become a professional saxophone player. I was very fortunate to have parents that are supportive and together still, which is rare. They’re my backbone.   And what sort of evolutions have you observed in the music industry over time? The music industry is… well, it’s funny because when I came out here there was something called smooth jazz, and there were jazz and smooth jazz stations. I grew up listening to David Sanborn and Marcus Miller and their style was my key influence. I had gigs all the time. But that’s changed and so has my music career. I used to go on tour all the time. So, the radio stations changed their formats and then comes Hip-Hop. When I was out here recording, it was Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg and Tupac and that era, which was cool shit—it still is cool—but now it’s a whole new and different thing.  You actually mentioned you recorded with all manner of artists at the time, like Tupac himself? Well it just happened that Dr. Dre and Tupac’s engineer lived in my house on Sunset. That’s how it came to be. All of the sudden I was exposed to this music, so then I was playing with them… What’s interesting is that when I was out here, I played saxophone at the China Club, and the China Club is where all the musicians came. I played with Prince, I played with the Kal David band. Rick James came to play. I was immersed with all these great musicians. And what was the sort of lightning bolt moment that deepened your involvement? I was a guest at a part of John Paul DeJoria’s house, the guy that started Paul Mitchell. I was at the bar drinking Patrón with Rod Stewart, who I had just met. We got to laughing and I said, “Rod, let’s go play with the band. I’ve got my sax in the car.” I went to get out my sax and next thing we’re on stage with the band. And that’s where JP was like, ‘Wow, you’re great.’ I didn’t have a record deal at the time, but he was like, ‘How can I help you? Come to my office.’ So inspiring. So I end up playing his gatherings where ten thousand people come, all his hairdressers. He puts a package together, about a hundred and fifty thousand CDs, and distributes them at the salons, which was a catapult to me getting a record deal. It was outside the box, and that really helped me stand out from the rest. That’s what he does. He builds people up. All of the sudden, when my record was done, all of the record labels wanted some. That’s when I ended up getting into the record business with Universal. They pushed me because JP believed in me. And what a vision. He actually started Patrón Tequila 29 years ago, sold it for five billion bucks. And what is he doing now? Giving back. He’s doing great things, and he’s always done that. Doesn’t just go buy a yacht or whatever. He’s such a humanitarian. The guy is just too good to be true. WILDFOX clothing And now you’ve launched your own tequila brand, Perfectomundo? My best friend met someone that owned the best distillery in Mexico. He said ‘we have the best blend of Tequila,’ so we decided to make it. We ended up collaborating with Paul Oakenfold to do Perfectomundo tequila, which is the same name as Paul’s label. It seemed like a good fit. It’s nice to have a business with friends that you can enjoy. We started it a couple years ago, and it’s doing great, and God damn you should try it. It’s delicious! Tequila’s growing big time. And ours has been rated in several shows and tastings, it’s won a lot of awards. The problem with these big tequila companies is they can’t make it fast enough. So they pump it through, and it’s not as good anymore. Being a boutique brand, it’s small batches, and extremely good. Has LA changed a lot to you since coming here? Oh man, in so many ways. To start, there was no bottle service. You’d go out, it wasn’t all the phones with the cameras. You’d go out there, you’d talk to people, not everyone was staring at their phones. That’s just in general, not just LA. But it’s not the same as it used to be. It still is beautiful. It’s still got talented people. Beautiful beaches, you know, beautiful hills. I suppose it’s just that technology has changed.   And how did you make the music to fashion transition? Were you inspired by something in general? Being in that circuit, going to Paris, seeing all that, the fashion shows and having friends in the fashion business was major. And what goes on in London, Paris, Milan—it's so different. Music propelled me to go and experience the world and fortunately enough there came an opportunity to get involved in something else. I knew what was going on in fashion, I was going to the trade shows, seeing what people were doing out there. And to put a different spin on something was key. These two girls came and pitched an idea, something different with a t-shirt company. Oversized, different shapes, something completely different. That’s when we first launched Wildfox. And of course it blew up. Was there a key moment in time? A couple girls came to me with an idea. I said as long as it’s the coziest, softest material, I’m down. That’s what I was going for—the best materials with the right washes. But, we couldn’t even get into the majors, because we had just started. One day, a friend, Alessandra Ambrosio, said, ‘Jimmy Sommers, I’ll model for you. I’ll put your clothes on and I’ll take some pictures. But you do it! You take the pictures.’ So when she was in town, I threw the T-Shirts on her. I had never done this before, so I went to Samy’s Camera and said, ‘Give me your best camera.; It was a 5D and I said, ‘Well, what do you do? I’m shooting a Victoria’s Secret model, what do you do?’ And they just go, ‘Yeah right, sir. Just put it in auto.”’ So, I bought the camera for five grand and went and she put on all the shirts. Then Alessandra was like, ‘Well you can’t use these because Victoria’s Secret is going to get mad.’ So, I said, ‘Ok, of course not, I won’t use these.’ Then, at the trade show, I blew up the biggest photo of her, which was overlooking the whole show. People took notice, and the first order I got was a $60,000 order from Kitson. And I go, ‘How did you see us over here? We’re not even in the main show!?’ And of course they said ‘well, we saw that poster of Alessandra.’ Of course, I was in debt, so it was so great. Alessandra was the key thing. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. How would you describe the identity of the Wildfox brand, how it came to be a force? I’d say along the lines of, ‘Oh, that’s the brand with the softest material,’ the funny sayings, ‘celebrities wear it’, that sorta thing. As the current Wildfox CEO, I ensure we make all our clothes in LA, and it’s great stuff that’ll last forever. Quality. Any person that has a shirt since we started is still wearing it—I’m wearing one right now. They’re out there and they’ve got a frickin’ Wildfox—especially in LA and New York and London—they have something of ours in their closet. Now these other brands come, these fast fashion brands that have Internet money, and it’s cheaper clothes. And there’s all this paying people to wear stuff. We never had to do that when I started. And there’s a lot of that now. Yes, and the mimicry scales so fast. There’s a lot of copycat brands, but what can you do? Just be original. When I started as Wildfox CEO, we thought simply: let’s make t-shirts like butter. The softest t-shirts ever. People say that our first shirts are like fine wine. They just keep getting better and better. They don’t fall apart. Now we have to keep evolving and doing other things. From dresses and higher fashion stuff. Everyone still loves a good shirt and sweats and loungewear, but you have to watch where the world is up to. And now we’re all watching each other on little screens? Yes! Instagram wasn’t around when we started. In fact, we were one of the first accounts to get so many followers. Now, everyone’s influenced by it, which is kind of sad, because it can easily get carried away. It’s good to get these people’s support, but you know… these influencers have so much coming to them. If someone likes a brand, they’ll wear it and talk about it. I talk about a lot of things I like. But, like, one post? It’s not sincere. Left to right: CLYDE hat, JF LONDON shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. CLYDE hat, HARDEMAN shoes, stylist’s own socks, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings. And have you felt tested by owning a company, dealing with the ebbs and flows from the top? Of course. Having a company, you’re working with people, spending more time with your colleagues than anyone. It’s nice to do special things and, hey, if you can be successful and be funny as a company, isn’t that great for everyone involved? Me, being an artist, I get carried away a little and spend too much, and it catches up. This month we are restructuring our offices, tightening up my business. Now we have all these incredible new designs, and there’s excitement at first, then a little stagnancy. Like a relationship. You have to keep tooling and pushing. And do you feel the trajectory is normal for a brand, like a cycle, or is Jimmy Sommers’ Wildfox different?  There are unique circumstances to Wildfox and then much of it is normal high’s and low’s for any brand. Looking back, when you’re rising every year, a lot of big brands would call me and I gave them the middle finger because I thought everything was going to keep going up. ‘I don’t need this, everything's fine.’ But sometimes you do need someone to come in and give some help. It’s been my strategy to stay a one hundred percent owner, but I'm always looking for a strategic partner who can grow it bigger and bigger. You’re always hearing about the pitfalls of growth in the fashion and apparel industry. Any truth to that? You get cocky, but, you know, the consistent factor is you always need some really good people around. I’m still dealing with people that I find out they were faking it. It’s like, what was I doing for the last seven years paying you a hundred and twenty grand? What were you doing? Because I love it when people leave or go and you don’t even need to replace them. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. And how about outside insights or consultation? Not being from this business, I’ve hired a lot of consultants. I’ve figured out that they’ve told me everything I was already doing. With consultants, I’ve learned they’re typically the failed CEOs of their own businesses, or CEOs that got fired, and they want a lot of money. Every consultant I’ve taken aboard hasn’t changed shit. They’ll move certain things around and they’re just shuffling papers. They’ll come in and paper shuffle, and it’s like ‘Oh my God, how much money am I spending?’ So perhaps it’s more in the creative structure? Who at this stage might you think to be an ideal partner? It’s got to be a funny cat. Look at Pharrell! He’s got all this crazy music, he’s great. We’ve met a few times and once I was like, ‘Aren’t you doing fashion?’ and he named four different companies. Wow, what a talent. So someone like that I’d like to get in the mix. New approach on creative ideas. Even Nike does all these things. Collaborations are big business these days. It sparks energy into something, so I’m looking for collabs and there’s a lot of possibilities. Jimmy, aside from being Wildfox CEO and tequila entrepreneur, how about your personal trajectory? Any excerpts from the book of life? All you can do is just learn from life and other people. But you have to trust other people so you truly can learn from them. And that doesn’t always work out, but you have to try. ‘If you look back,’ my father used to ask me, ‘would you change anything?’ You know what, no I wouldn’t. But maybe I have to say that because my father asked me! And how about music? You’re still keeping an eye on the scene? I’m always supporting new artists, as I was one back in the day. Lately I’ve been signing country artists. I know how it is, it’s tough. So it’s nice for me to help out other people, and not just for one song. You have to throw a lot in there and see what sticks. I did that with my music. I worked on three albums at once, and could never finish anything! But then I’d be putting together a record in Chicago, and I’d meet someone and they’d be like, ‘Let’s have ten songs in three months.’ And I was like, ‘Wow, that works.’ Deadlines are important! CLYDE hat, TIBI shoes, IMAGO-A bag, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace. And you’re building a studio up here in the Hills? It’s pretty amazing, the sound. I have a great sound system up here, and you can really hear when someone knows how to record, or mix. Man, that’s a big deal, the mixing. My favorite place to create is like this, where something sounds good. You know, in the Hills, in the studio. That’s why Tupac and everyone used to roll through back in the day! I had a recording studio! That’s why I’m building a new one up here. It’s a special spot. When you’re first in the Hills, you look out there and you’re thinking ‘Wow, I wanna move out here.’ And so I’ve always lived in the Hills, from all the way around. Like seven different houses, and I finally bought one. I look out, and I see the city sparkling, and all those people and their lives from here to as far as you can see, and you’re just on top of the hill, on top of the world. It feels frickin’ good, and it still does. And how’s it all going to land? What’s the big picture look like? Well, it would be nice to have a great relationship, and kids, and this and that. But who knows? Let’s just say I’m gonna die however, but with a smile on my face. Peter Fonda just passed away, and you know, his sister Jane, that’s what she said, that he ‘passed but he had a smile on his face.’ It’s like, have a good ride, because we’re not here forever. Photographed by Shane McCauley.  Flaunt Film Directed by Lucas Chemotti. Models: Dani Dolinger at LA Models and Patterson Wells at Visions Models LA. Styled by Britton Litow. Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co and Oribe at Nest Artists. Makeup: Cedric Jolivet using MAC Cosmetics at Lowe & Co. Manicurist: Lisa Jachno using Chanel Le Vernis at Opus Beauty. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019 The contemporary jewelry line, AGMES, is the brainchild of Morgan and Jaclyn Solomon. Each collection is influenced by facets of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art. The geometric and sculptural, metallic silhouettes reflect modern heirlooms, meant to last a lifetime. Handcrafted in New York, the sisters provide local jobs and utilize recycled metals, which is central to their code of ethicality. With the release of their Fall 2019 lookbook, Flaunt spoke with the Solomon gals to chat all things AGMES. Tell us about the inception of AGMES. Morgan Solomon: We hadn’t anticipated starting a line together years ago, it all happened naturally and kind of fell into place this way. I was working as a buyer at Bloomingdale’s at the time but always felt like something was missing in my life. After catching up with an old friend, I was re-inspired and decided to pursue jewelry design full-time. Meanwhile, Jaclyn had just resigned from her job as a sweater designer at Proenza Schouler. She had planned to take a little time off, but as I was getting ready to launch my first collection, I was asking her for more and more input. It started out with small projects, to larger projects like producing our first lookbook, and naturally led us to form a partnership. What aspects of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art inspire the geometry of your designs? MS: Our collection is very sculptural in nature, so we’re often inspired by sculptors such as Jean Arp, Henry Moore, and Barbara Hepworth, to name a few. We’ve also been greatly inspired by the designs of Charlotte Perriand, Pierre Jeanneret, and Mies van der Rohe. For our most recent SS19 collection, we drew from Ellsworth Kelly’s plant drawings. What dedications has the brand made in regards to sustainability?  MS: Sustainability has always been very important to us, but we feel that now more than ever, it’s crucial to keep our environmental footprint as small as possible. There is so much waste in this industry, and we think it’s our responsibility to make sure we’re not adding to the problem. All our products are made locally in NYC, which helps keep our carbon footprint small, and we use only recycled metals for all our jewelry. Any excess metal that hasn’t been used in our jewelry is melted and repurposed for new pieces.  Jaclyn Solomon: We recycle and reuse everything we can. We’re always bringing in bubble wrap, packaging materials, boxes, etc. from packages we receive at home so that we can reuse them instead of letting them go to waste. What are some of the ideas and concepts behind your Fall 2019 collection? JS: We drew from one of our favorite pieces from the existing collection, the Gabriela Bangle, which we had hand-formed from clay. We love the weight of this piece, the feel of it, and the look. So we wanted to continue playing with this sculptural hand-formed look, but play with the proportions and symmetry further. Most of this collection came from pieces we hand-formed from clay. Do you have a favorite piece from the collection? JS: My favorite is the Gabriela Hairclip! MS: I’ve been wearing the Medium Celia Hoops almost every day lately. And I’ve also been wearing our Domed Ring layered with the Cara Ring from last season. I love being able to build off the styles I already have.  What’s next?  MS: We’ve only just begun expanding into the accessories category – first jewelry, and then we introduced some home and hair accessories. We’ve been exploring the idea of expanding further into these categories, in a way that stays true to us – beautiful organic forms, all of which will become modern heirlooms and embody a sense of timelessness. Photography: Arno Frugier Creative direction: Ashley Helvey Model: Audrey Marnay Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Perverze is the burgeoning Tokyo-based, avant-garde street label taking off in global proportions. The brand is comprised of an on-going collaboration between creative visionaries in Japan, and founded on the retro styles of the 80s and 90s counterculture. Despite the decline of fashion retailers in recent years, Perverze is one of Japan's fastest-growing fashion startups. From shredded knits to tailored coats and bucket hats, the brand champions it's vintage aesthetic with modern functionality.  With recent media frenzy, Perverze has teamed up with Assembly NY to launch it's official U.S. presence. Starting November 15th, the Fall/Winter 2019 collection will be on display in New York's Lower East Side for a month-long showcase. Although this pop-up will be brief, Perverze has no plans to slow down any time soon. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On a mid-fall afternoon, Graham Tyler and I sat down at the High Line Hotel. Surrounded by its collegiate gothic-style architecture and mid-19th-century mementos, we reflect on the time ambiguousness of it— much like his work. Once a student of sculpture and millinery, Tyler found his craft somewhere between bespoke and ready-to-wear, although, he’s not the typical trend-leaning, Instagram-hype designer we’ve become accustomed to. Rather, he’s more introspective, and frankly, unparalleled in his skill. Blending Renaissance, Edwardian, and Victorian silhouettes, Graham modernizes each garment reference through a contemporary lens. In conversation, we spoke of his interests, inspirations, and career from past to present.  How did you decide to study sculpture at Cleveland Institute of Art, and how did that lead you to your millinery apprenticeship with Marta Glazen? I started with painting, and my work was about the body. When it came to actually choosing my major, I ended up going with sculpture because I was more interested in tactile 3d works at the time. And again, I was making a lot of things about the body. From there, I realized I really wanted to learn a craft and wanted to have a skill— a real solid craft skill set. I was looking around at what would be of interest to me, and then I became kind of obsessive about really fascinating textiles. So just in happenstance, I found a woman in Cleveland that was taking an apprentice. Her name was Marta, and she took me in very kindly, and it was very intense; it was about two years with her. Two years, for five, maybe six days a week. I learned a lot from her. She's worked with everybody, and she was wonderful.  How did you decide to switch from sculpture to hats to ready to wear? I was making headwear for a lot of different people in New York, from stylists to runway to a lot of nightlife personalities. People would constantly ask me, "Can you make a garment to go with the hats that your making?" So I thought that I probably should learn how to make clothes. I was making a lot of clothing and headwear. Then, some of the designers that I was working with for their own lines  said, "Just start your own thing."  You went on to make custom headwear for Lady Gaga, Barneys NY, Adam Selman, and Polo Ralph Lauren, to name a few. What were those experiences like? Ralph Lauren for Polo was a full-time day job, and I was doing headwear. That was a really great experience of learning the ins and outs of a brand and how a brand functions at that scale. It's especially nice to work at a brand with such a specific aesthetic. When it comes to celebrities, I work with a few different stylists and such. I largely work with Zaldy, who is a big costume designer. He used to be the designer for LAMB for Gwen Stefani. I worked with him, and it's a really great relationship because he can transfer the information and the aesthetic that they're looking for quite easily. Celebrity work can be tricky because we both come to the table with totally different aesthetics. So I try to translate their thoughts and their words through my hand, which can be kind of a tedious process. It's a lot of give and take on that, but in the end, it's fun. Speaking of costume design— have you ever considered crossing over into that category? I mean, I now understand why Christian Lacroix decided to be a costume designer. Because there's a lot more freedom in that— I don't think I would, because I don't feel that my clothes and the topics that I'm discussing in my work translate well on stage, so I probably would never become a costume designer. None of my clothes have any historical accuracy. I'm usually re-cutting a historical garment into something totally different, or I cut a jacket as a shirt, and I cut a corset as a jacket. I kind of am shifting and re-translating and re-curating things. Your silhouettes are a modern and original take on historical fashion with an emphasis on curved seams, leg of mutton sleeves, corsets, suit vests, and so on. What era's in fashion do you find most influential to you? And do you see a resurgence in antiquated-style clothing? I think the world is consistently reflexive. I think that that is relevant to me. I do see a resurgence in— at least currently, there's a lot of Victorian and Edwardian references transpiring. Especially with puffed sleeves, these are quite popular at the moment. The most recent collection was largely about Mary Shelley and her husband and the Pforzheimer collection at the New York Public Library, which focuses on 1819 to 1845. I mainly stuck to that time period as to the corsets, jackets, and shirts that I was cutting— I was referencing those styles. My work blends Renaissance, Edwardian, Victorian, and some extremely contemporary styles of cutting so that things never feel historical, and they never feel contemporary. They always feel like this very time ambiguous work, which I think is a new way of making clothes — to be very time ambiguous about the way that you're working. Overarchingly, people describe my work as being very Amish. I definitely take that as a compliment, just because I think I cut very graphic shapes, but with very tactile textiles and very hand ROT textiles- and that's kind of an Amish practice. The wonderful thing about Amish is that they look the same today as they did, and they do still.  Speaking of your SS20 collection, "The Origin of Failure," what's the meaning behind this title? It's a long, drawn-out situation. Though the collection was about the Pforzheimer collection and Mary Shelley and her husband, it also was in tandem with trying to figure out what contemporarily is a Romantics approach to making things. I was really inspired by glitch art — also, the act of being romantic about pixelated data. A lot of the prints were all glitched out. I was glitching the images with the love letters. I was typing the love letters into the code of the photos and glitching them through that by putting too much data into the back end. So the long drawn out part of it is that there's only one real piece of critical academic writing about the glitch art that's called The Aesthetics of Post-Digital Objects, I believe. It refers to a glitch as the origin of failure. I was really fascinated by that term. Also, it's terminology as linked to Mary Shelley's obsession with failure in her book and most of her literature, but especially in Frankenstein. What were some of your other points of inspiration for the collection?  I was looking at one specific love letter, which is dated August 23rd — my birthday, that Mary Shelley's husband sent to her. Then when he passed away, she rewrote it, and the rewritten version is at the library. That was the main graphic, and then I referenced for the styles that I was cutting a few original Parisian fashion magazines from the early 1800s, these little women's books. Then a diary-slash-entertainment book that a woman named Anne Wagner kept, and I created a dress using her entire book that I reprint. That dress now will be in the permanent collection of the Phorzheimer. They have bought it, and it'll be the only piece of contemporary clothing that exists in their archive, which is really wonderful. Those are the main things that I was focusing on visually.  Do you have a favorite piece from this collection? The jacquard triptych. The three-piece suit that had their love letters and embroidered into it was my favorite look. That garment is made with this new technology that I'm working on with a computer weaving company in California to be able to create jacquard garments with no wastage. That's how the Mary Shelley corset was also created. They normally create a lot of wastage to make that work.  Art plays an innate influence in your work. Do you prefer antiquity or modern art? It's a big mix in between. I don't think there's an art style that I don't like for the most part, but I'm not a big Surrealist fan. There are a few artists that I'm always thinking about, but I only look at historical art when it's when it pertains to a specific topic. I know the Smithsonian Institution in DC was an important gallery to you growing up. What's your favorite museum today? As a child, we went to that museum almost every summer in DC. There's a Vermeer room that was important to me, and the room about Alexander Calder in the Modern was significant for me as a kid. The feeling of uncanniness inspired me in his work. I recently went to the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum. That was probably the most fantastic art experience I've had because it's really beautiful to experience art of that nature and of that caliber on non-white institutional walls. What are some of your favorite art movements and painters? My favorite artist is Joseph Cornell, who created these incredible little boxes filled with objects. He dealt with melancholy, nostalgia, and love in the same way that I do. I have a soft spot for miniatures and small works of art. I am more inspired by the underpaintings of paintings than I am of the paintings themselves. The color palettes from my work are based on Versailles' underpaintings, which are black and white paintings that they do before they do the painting on top. Any of the artists in the Baroque time period did that a lot. I look at Baroque paintings and Baroque unfinished works of art quite often. I also look at Jasper Johns work a lot. Currently, there's an artist Jefferson Hayman. He's a photographer, and he does these really beautiful little photographs that are my current obsession. Your last two collections have focused on the use of muted colors. Why are you more drawn to grays and blacks, and do you plan on reintroducing color in future collections? I'm partially color blind, and managing all of those colors was very hard for me. I realized I was in a very different place at that point in time. The short answer is no; I won't be going back to color. I consider those first two collections iterations of me attempting to figure out what I wanted to make. Then the most recent collections are me telling the world what I am making and what I am planning to continue to make. Gray, black and white will always be the base, and I will softly incorporate beiges and taupes and rusts, and some kind of soft lilacs. Everything else will stay rooted in those colors. I also like that you could, in theory, take any piece from those collections and moving forward be able to put them together because colors will always match up. I think that's important for the people who look at the clothes and also wear them. How do you achieve your impeccable tailoring? What's your trial and error process like while developing silhouettes each collection? My suits are sewn by hand. They are quite meticulously sewn, and I make all of the patterns and samples.  I keep everything really structured, largely just because I'm drawn to those really aesthetic lines. It was more so a very long learning curve to have to teach myself how to sew a suit like that. I was looking at a lot of old designer suits who made stunning haute couture suits. That's where I learned how to make the ones that I make now. So what's next?  I'm launching e-commerce in the next month or so with some of our core styles and shapes. I am really focusing on the dress shirts. That's kind of everyone's favorite item from us. I'm currently in the Elaine Gold Launch Pad program, so lots of things to come through the CFDA and the EGLP. Then I am already starting the textile development process. The process is very long, and we create entirely new textiles every season, almost every textile is exclusive to the brand. I'm in the process of ideation and also agreements between what collection I'm going to be allowed to use next. There's a lot of logistical things with these collections, so I'm working on what collection I'll be using next. Clothing: Graham Tyler ‘The Origin of Failure’ Produced and Directed by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: Jack Belli Styled by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Mia Varrone Model: Inga Dezhina at Supreme Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Veronica Vilim, Luka Sabbat. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Frida Aasen, Laquan Smith, Daniela Braga, Robin Holzken. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Lion Babe. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Beau Jangless. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  LaQuan Smith. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Aamito Lagum. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA Photo by Avi Gill Last Thursday, New York designer LaQuan Smith and cherub denim brand, Jordache, celebrated its capsule collection at Cipriani's private club, Socialista. Elsa Hosk, Luka Sabbat, Danielle Herrington, and Elisa Johnson, to name a few, sported their Jordache x LaQuan Smith looks as they wined, dined, and grooved to an impromptu performance by Lion Babe. The collaboration, displayed in Smith's Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, is inspired by the NYC nightlife, offering a fresh and reinterpreted version of Jordache's playful denim silhouettes. To view the full collection debuted in LaQuan Smith SS20 click here. Photo by Avi Gill Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Kelcie Schofield is the founder and designer of the contemporary clothing label, CIE Denim. Conceived in 2018, Kelcie fills a gap in her industry by reusing and reworking pre-existing denim as well as solidifying a new and less toxic manufacturing process. Whether it’s restructured silhouettes, deadstock materials, or Naveena Mills’ cutting edge Horizon fabric, CIE represents the future of manufactured denim in our increasingly destructive global climate.  In addition to responsible garments, Kelcie melds this effort with creative design applications— each piece one of a kind. With flipped pockets on the ankle hem, an upside-down jean fit, and color-blocked seams, each design reflects a unique twist on traditional denim norms. Post Spring/ Summer 2020 presentation, Flaunt spoke with Schofield to discuss the past, present, and future of CIE Denim. Tell us about the inception of CIE. CIE was started from our two core silhouettes - our upside-down jeans and shorts. I wanted to create an item that made heads turn (literally) but could also be worn day to day. How do you aim to be a new and unique voice in the industry of denim? Every piece we come out with should have something that gives it an extra spark. We’re here to make unique investment pieces that you feel good about buying.  How do you view sustainability as an essential component of the current fashion climate? That’s exactly how I view it - an essential component. Sustainability, for me, is a non-negotiable for any new business to find success in the current climate. Since I launched CIE in 2018, there has been a noticeable change in the industry and how customers view their clothing.  What are your efforts in regards to sustainability? Explain your “slow-fashion” philosophy. I have two sustainable mediums I work with right now. The first and the essence of what built CIE is reworked vintage. Even for our knits, we reworked Hanes T-shirts. Using fully recycled materials creates an exciting challenge for each style that I enjoy working through. For the sustainably manufactured denim that we source through Naveena Mills, we do fully “new” jeans made entirely from the Naveena fabric as well as combining the new fabric with vintage materials.  How do you believe denim will evolve in years to come? I think sustainability will continue to be a driving force in the denim industry. My hope is that companies established and emerging will embrace responsible practices. It’s slowly transitioning, but it’s not quite there yet.  What’s next for CIE? More learning and growing! We plan to push the brand into unexplored territories, whether it’s new materials or new silhouettes.  Clothing: CIE Denim SS20 Photography by: Phoenix Johnson Model: Lyn Hersh Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli. Creative director Wil Beedle hosted an event in honor of AllSaints 25th anniversary.  Accompanied by musical guests such as Flaunt Fave Arsun Sorrenti, the night was a classic celebration at Chateau Marmont’s bungalow 1. Hoards of the coolest kids hung out chain smoking by the pool while a DJ set by Hateboy got the rocking crowd weirding out to some house tracks. The influence soaked crowd included Ariel Beesley, Bec Adams, Ally HilFiger, Amanda Steele, Eddie Mitsou, Gavin Turek, Finneas, Kate Parfet, Kilo Kish, Marta Pozzan, Rainsford, Salem Mitchell, Sara Cummings Zach VIlla, and a host of other Beauts. Photographed by David Vassalli. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The contemporary retail concept, Maiden Name, is the brainchild of Alix Freireich, and David Lê. While the founders met at Vassar College, they reunited to bridge a gap in the interconnected realm of e-commerce. With assistance from Jesse Hudnutt and Susan Lee, the four embark on a journey to reconnect the roots which link fashion and fine art.  Following a seasonal calendar, Maiden Name will organize its collections as an online, and interdisciplinary group show; showcasing exclusive artist collaborations alongside in-house women’s apparel. Like a chest full of curated gold, Maiden Name may hold the key to your future treasures.  In a recent conversation, Flaunt spoke with the founders to discuss the start of this forward-thinking, art formed, and eco-minded community. Tell us about the genesis of your retail concept, Maiden Name. Maiden Name really emerged out of our own sense that we didn't have a place where we loved to shop. It also came out of an acknowledgment that we spend a lot of time shopping and consuming media online, and those activities all seem to take place in the same dead, zombified e-comm context. So when we found ourselves with an opportunity to share work we love, made by people we love, alongside the apparel we make, it felt like there was an opening to use e-comm differently. We call ourselves "Maiden Name" because we want to highlight the people and stories (the "maiden names") that usually get erased when things enter the public sphere. And we wanted to keep this feminist gesture, insisting on a kind of independence, even as we credited those that came before us. Tihngs by Eric Oglander Photo by David Behl What are your thoughts on the link between fine art and fashion? We think about this a lot, in part because we need to protect the fine artists we work with, and an association with fashion can make their work seem trivial. That's just a fact, even though, by and large, we think it's bunk. We think of artist/designers like Sonia Delaunay, or photographers like Grete Stern and Ilse Bing, who all straddled the worlds of art and fashion and did great work (a full century before Sterling Ruby and Cindy Sherman!). That's why we highlight them on our Instagram @maiden.name.store. But we do recognize the need to let art and fashion excel on their own terms. We want to produce fashion that's technically perfect, that's beautiful. Our objects are freer, in some ways, to be about other things––they can be "about" history; they can be weird, or conceptual. What unifies everything is our sense of our customer's needs––they want beautiful, thoughtful, well-made clothes, and they want to collect beautiful, thoughtful, and well-made objects. What influenced the first womenswear collection? The collection draws on Alix's archival research, so it brings together 19th-century reference pieces and touches of the 1970s, modernized and rendered in high-quality materials. The Zoe Shirt, for example, is modeled on an Edwardian grandfather shirt that was still in great condition because it was made in silk. Ours is silk too, and we hope it also lasts a century. We describe the core concept as "70s Renaissance Fair," which sounds odd, but the end products are all meant to be totally wearable and versatile. We want them to be sexy and smart. And it felt like that was missing from what's out there now.   How does sustainability play a part in your collections? Sustainability is core to what we're trying to achieve. We make everything here in NYC, so it's a local supply chain. We use deadstock material, and because our production runs are so small, the wastage is minimal. More broadly, we need to slow consumption down (which is an odd thing for a fashion company to acknowledge). But we want customers to buy less and buy better. Our next step is to scale up in ways that will allow us to ensure sustainability from raw materials to end product. That's a challenge, particularly when you're small. You feature collaborative work with Paul Arnhold’s hand-blown glass and Eric Oglander’s collection of 19th and 20th-century folk art. What prompted the choice of these artists for your first collection?  Paul is a dear friend making very beautiful work here in Brooklyn. That was a no-brainer. We found Eric through his "Craigslist Mirrors" project (@craigslist_mirrors) his Instagram-based collection of images, sourced from Craigslist, of mirrors for sale. We thought that was brilliant. And his Tihngs project is too. Both Eric and Paul have such distinct points of view (and are making work that is almost diametrically opposed, formally). So they seemed like great partners to open the collection with. Indigo Vase by Paul Arnhold Photo by David Behl What are your favorite pieces from your inaugural collection? We love the Tamara Top. It almost verges into historical costume, but doesn't, and ends up being so cool. We also love the Tramp Box, which is sculptural, and modern, and old at the same time, and the Graffiti Vase, which is kind of a twisted take on Paul's other work. And we love the framed set of Leung Kui Ting prints––they look simple, but the more time you spend with them, the more you like them. That's always the real test when you collect.  How do you envision the growth of Maiden Name? I think first and foremost we want Maiden Name to build out the line beyond shirting. We also want to have more of a physical presence. It's hard to communicate something like the perfect fit, or the beauty of hand painting without having people see things in the real world. At the same time, we want to expand our digital presence and knit together a community, folding in our friends in Berlin (at the end of 2019) and then with more cities in 2020. Photography by: Matt Grubb Styling by: Gabriel Held Model: Fiffany Luu Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   While the fashion industry is backed by an insatiable appetite for the new, we find ourselves in a current climate of trying to stay well-fed, while simultaneously reminding ourselves the importance of sustainability. These three young designers have found a way to bring forth something innovative, while also holding themselves accountable. We have Bethany Williams, conceptualizing clothing with a focus on social issues, Christopher John Rogers, designing for those influencing radical change, and Emily Adams Bode, sourcing from the past to create something for the now. Interviewed by Mui-Hai Chu Photo courtesy Bethany Williams What drew to design? My love for fabric construction, and how design can be used to find solutions. I read your mom help knit and create pieces for you. Was she ever in fashion as well? She used to be a pattern cutter for factory in Liverpool,  and now she does soft furnishings and she also does my netting as well. Obviously your family is really important to you. You grew up in Liverpool?  I was born in Liverpool but then I grew up on the Isle of Man. It’s such a small tight-knit community. Loads of things are locally produced and there weren’t many main stores growing up. How do you describe your design process? It always starts with an issue I am trying to solve and then we work with a charity that tries to talk about that issue. What issues are you looking forward to promoting? I think for the next collection I’m working with a charity that makes temporary housing for women and children. Who would you say are your inspiration or muses? I love other designers like Walter Van Beirendonck I’ve been a massive fan girl for a while. Do you have any type of life inspiration outside of fashion? I do like artists like Egon Schiele. I really love his work. My inspiration is probably my family.  What do you think are the bigger challenges you face trying to be sustainable? I think sourcing is a massive one, as is pricing, and having things available. How do you decide to up-cycle a piece? How does the process come about?  It kind of depends on the project we’re doing. We will be doing the collection and there are staples that we always upcycle. I’m trying to introduce more and more. Where do you hope to see yourself in the next five years? I would like to start my own social manufacturing project in the UK. Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy  Christopher John Rogers To start at the beginning, what drew you to design?  Anime, manga, and cartoons—especially people with special powers. The ability for clothing to help people self-actualize and to give them a newfound confidence. You grew up in Louisiana. What effect, if any, did growing up in the south have on your creative evolution?   A real sense of polish and refinement is found in the South – especially in the Black Church. Spending time with my mother and grandmother in church helped me curate an eye for the finish and cut of clothing and has been an inspiration for me ever since. How would you describe your design process?  I'd describe it as visceral. Although I try to be strategic, I'm ultimately extremely influenced by my intuition, emotion, and heavily inspired by color. As a recent graduate, what is the best advice you've received from your mentors at SCAD?  Work hard and stay true to yourself. There are always people that might be more talented or more privileged than you, but hard work and humility know no bounds.  Where do you find inspiration? Everywhere! Debris on the side of the street, mid-century couture, things my friends are wearing, et You've dressed people from Cardi B to Michelle Obama. Having worked with so many influential figures, is there a lasting moment with one that stands out to you the most?  To work with a woman that's equally revered for her intellect and passion, as well as her individualistic sense of style, is definitely a highlight. My family was also extremely proud of me, so that's a plus! Where do you see the fashion industry headed in the next 5 years?  A sense of increased accountability and transparency that's come with the proliferation of social media. I think we're going to see a complete upheaval of the traditional ways of showing and interacting with fashion. Tell us about your fall collection.  Stonehenge, quinceañeras, and Dr. Seuss. What's next?  Everything! We're working on our Spring 2020 collection and are also finalists for the CFDA Vogue Fashion Fund, so we're working our tails off! Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Where are you from, and how has that made an impression on you creatively? I’m from Atlanta. My parents were from Massachusetts, so I spent a lot of time in Cape Cod. I have this juxtaposition of New England and the South. The effect Atlanta had on me was not only the southern hospitality, but a lot about celebrating craft and culture. Tell us about the moment you knew you wanted to become a designer.   In high school, I was taking extracurricular art classes, like how to draw, technical fashion. I also took a croquis drawing class, and it must’ve been junior year that I knew that I wanted to be a designer as a career choice. I went to Parsons for menswear design and I went to Eugene Lang for philosophy. In what ways does the study of philosophy and your interest in fashion design connect? I think it’s primarily the way that I come up with a narrative for the season, and what sorts of questions in culture—my culture, other people’s culture and tradition—should be asked and should be addressed. How to talk about the historical narrative around clothing, and dressing. You’re known for re-contextualizing materials in a lot of your garments, many of which are vintage textiles. How did you get into the textile portion of it? Since I was a little kid, I had been interested in buying antiques and all of the historical narratives alongside that. We would go to all of these antique markets in Atlanta, and flea markets in New England, in and around Massachusetts. Why design menswear? I went to school for it, but I’ve always been interested in designing for someone outside of myself. Tell us about your fall collection. That collection was inspired by a narrative around gallerist Todd Alden, who is an ephemera dealer in downtown New York. I worked with him and talked to him about his life, collecting, what sorts of things inspired him to collect, where he lives, history of that location, his family history, how he came to become a curator, and the moment he opened his own gallery. Where abouts do you find inspiration? Following the life of someone and their relationship to objects, the domestic space, and the traditions that have shaped their lifestyle. Do you ever see yourself getting into womenswear? Not right now. We have a bunch of stores that pick it up as women’s, but it is traditionally a menswear brand. In the future maybe we’ll have a different conversation around that. What’s next?  Right now, we’re working on production, but really building out our own manufacturing space. Most of the collections we make in New York is made in our own studio, so building that out is the next step.  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Images courtesy Bethany Williams. Images courtesy Christopher John Rogers. Images courtesy Emily Adams Bode.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. A brand that makes style, comfort, and practicability a priority while making sure to evoke confidence, Knorts recently launched a new collection called, Scarlet Knorts. Color is the main factor of enhancing the garments’ attributes. Traditionally, Knorts has used the color blue which represents calmness, coolness, stability, and reliability, which are all components of confidence and is the signature color of their denim wear.  Knorts’ new capsule collection, Scarlet Knorts, incorporates the feelings associated with the color red. This collection aims to evoke strength, warmth, comfort, love, and power into the customers’ everyday life. Befitting to their aim, these characteristics can also support the feeling of confidence. There are future plans to create more color capsules to keep both the brand and wearers in an emotional equilibrium. This launch is partially used to spread awareness about California fires with 10% of proceeds from the Scarlet Knorts collection being donated to fire aid services.  Shop the new collection here    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   As I walk in the flagship Messika store, I’m greeted with smiles, macarons and diamonds. Immediately I felt that I had entered a world of femininity and style. The pieces are beautiful and delicate, yet powerful. Messika is an iconic jewelry brand worn by celebrities like  Rhianna, Penelope Cruz, and even Serena Williams during her training session. Valerie Messika, founder of the brand, created the trend of “everyday diamonds.” Much of Valérie’s inspiration comes from art, playing with a Calder sculpture in her father's office, absorbing from his collection various details of line, movement, color, composition, which have shaped her overall sense of form and proportion. I got the opportunity to chat with Valarie and try on some of the most gorgeous pieces of jewelry I’ve ever seen.  Why did you choose LA for your flagship store?  We are a family business so we are very intuitive and organic on how we do our business. We met a partner here in Los Angeles called Westime. They are very strong in the jewelry and watch industry. They work with Richard Mille and Audemars Piguet. They are also strong with red carpets in Hollywood so we decided it would be a good idea to open our first flagship store here. What do you hope the new store will bring to the brand?  I’m so excited because I can smell that the Americans in this area love jewelry. But they want something easy to wear, cool and light. This is the Messika philosophy; bringing a coolness to wearing jewelry that is very fine and delicate.  The workmanship and quality of the diamond is the top, but it’s cool. You can enjoy it and wear it everyday or on a big occasion. You can mix it with a casual or sophisticated style.  What was it like having Kate Moss as a muse? The moment I launched my brand 15 years ago I knew she was my muse and inspiration. She's really iconic for me. She embodies femininity, fashion and style. When I launched my brand and the philosophy I wanted to break the traditional code of jewelry. It was made for big occasions, but I wanted to make it apart of fashion and style. That’s why women like Kate Moss are so strong for me.   How would you explain the woman in the street wearing Messika?  The strength of Messika is that the women wearing it range from 18 to 70 years old. I love when I see different types of women wearing it with different styles. It’s not that we are putting a logo on the woman. We can see the personality and the style they embody with the pieces. It’s not about how rich or strong you are. It’s about the feeling and attitude that you have with your own style. It gives you self-confidence.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On Wednesday we celebrated Benetton’s new pop up shop in Santa Monica with prosecco and polaroids. Benetton Group is one of the best-known fashion companies in the world with a network of about 5,000 stores and a headquarters in Ponzano Veneto. The brand is known for its bright colors, the revolution of the retail outlet, and their unique sales network.  The new collections embody both the old and the new, featuring an exciting fusion of its classic colorful style with its newer streetwear-inspired elements. The artistic direction of Jean-Charles de Castelbajac, who is known for his iconic teddy bear coat worn by Madonna and portraits of Andy Warhol, shines through the recent collections. He recently united with the Benetton Group earlier this year, which was announced at Milan Fashion Week. He announced backstage that “The DNA of Benetton and mine have many similarities…this meeting between us is happening at the right moment, too, because this idea that desirable things can be of good quality and be affordable to many people is very interesting now…Benetton has been sleeping a little bit. But it has all this sleeping potential. And its base is very strong.”  Bring some color into your life and visit the pop up open from October 25 through November 24th!  Santa Monica Place Floor 1  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Courtesy Hublot With Halloween around the corner, Hublot stirred the cauldron to create a sapphire and emerald green Big Bang MP-11 watch. To give it its unique shade of green (not quite emerald and not quite sapphire), they used a material that has never been used in a watchcase. The material is called SAXEM, which is short for sapphire aluminum oxide and rare earth material. It is a mixture of aluminum oxide (the basic component of sapphire) with rare-earth elements like thulium and holmium.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   KAIMIN is the raising utopian brand initiating the posterity of attire. With a foundation of innovation and inclusivity, the namesake designer may well be sent from the future— sent back a couple of hundred years to propel the industry forward. Harnessing the power of the digital space, and the resourcefulness of sustainability, KAIMIN crafts intergalactic garments with a cunning dose of raunchiness. In a recent interview, Flaunt spoke with the avant-garde designer to discuss the evolution of the label, cyberspace, and the forecast of tech-induced fashion.  Tell us about the creation of the brand with your business partner Dmitri Pchelintsev. My initial foray into clothing design came in 2014 with the Zero Zero Vol. 02 project – a multi-sensory, high-tech video popup exhibition with an installation by Snarkitecture, which I was the protagonist of and also directed alongside stylist Nicola Formichetti and photographer Miles Aldridge. We had the honor of presenting the Vol. 02 book at my beloved Paris store, Colette. As part of that project, I created a stand-alone clothing capsule for the female character, and a very prominent singer ended up wearing some of my pieces in her music video. I felt compelled to create a full collection, and my very good friend Dmitri, who helped produce that very pivotal Zero Zero project, really believed in me as a designer, so we formed the KAIMIN label together in 2016. Dmitri is a creative marketer and business operator who happens to have a very strong background in finance, having spent many years at some of Wall Street's premier institutions investing in renewables, green-tech, and sustainability. Having helped grow several tech-enabled startups, he now oversees all of KAIMIN's business strategy and operations, while leading our expansion as a digitally-native brand, including the recent launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line.  How have innovation and inclusivity played essential roles in the brand? Innovation and inclusivity go hand-in-hand for me, as tolerance for new and crossover ideas breeds progress. KAIMIN leans heavily on technology in everything we do, and aesthetically we work with all types of creatives, communities, and personalities because anyone can uncover something new and beautiful, irrespective of age, race, and gender.  Besides using innovative materials, production techniques, and data analytics, the brand benefits from social media's global reach and the unprecedented direct access to talent that it affords. The Internet is a boundless creative nursery of young innovators that come from all different realms, including art, fashion, music – we love and fully utilize this cross-functionality. I grew up an outlier in a homogeneous society, so I feel my clothes have to speak to things beyond style and promote ideals that are important to me, including social and economic inclusivity, as I feel everyone deserves a voice. In addition to connecting through unrestrained creativity, I try to make items that are more accessible, including from an economic standpoint, and which still adhere to my design and high-quality philosophy – we launched SLFF KAIMIN exactly for this. What facets of New York's underground scene make appearances in your garments? The New York underground scene has this alluring aura of the forbidden, with sexier and darker undertones and the sense of a risque adventure that is addicting. During our SS20 show, for instance, we contrasted the primarily bright and colorful collection with a very dark and sexy setting, aiming for the set design to evoke a feeling of an underground party with red backlighting and a minimal, heavy electronic soundtrack. NYC subculture is edgy, extremely diverse, and creative and demonstrates some of the greatest social acceptance anywhere in the world, which really allows me to meld it with high fashion in a fun way. I love working with established as well as cool new, up-and-coming artists and personalities that grew up in this environment— I draw a lot of inspiration here for my design, music, lifestyle, and the overall direction for KAIMIN. The digital world is a key influence to the brand, hence your Fall/ Winter 2019 collection, "2081: CYBER-ORDINARY". What were your main inspirations and references for that season? Our Fall/ Winter 2019 collection explored archetypes of future beauty and was heavily influenced by such films as Blade Runner and Ex-Machina, specifically their protagonists – androids and cyborgs. I'm a total believer in the eventual symbiosis of man and machine.  In large part, that collection was about defeating the mundane and exploring and strengthening that which sets one apart, no matter the era. If today's fever pitch around privacy, sexual correctness, censorship, etc. ever leads to a dystopian control of self-expression, I'd want my clothes to declare: "when the extraordinary is outlawed, only the outlaws will be extraordinary." What's your view on cyberspace and it's distraction from the real world? I think we're in uncharted waters, and we won't be able to properly assess how good or bad this "distraction" from the real world is for a while, if ever. The cyber is already the real. There are definitely multiple ways to look at this, and it's certainly also a generational thing— just look at the debate around "screen time" for kids among young parents and scientists and the interesting arguments presented by media proponents, including Gary Vaynerchuk. All I know is that this is the manifestation of human progress, and there's no way back regardless, but to me, the benefits outweigh the potential hazards. We are now superbly equipped for improved communication and increased input – although, where the quality of consumed content, general overexposure, and the "3-second" wars are going is a different question.  For KAIMIN, Elon Musk's Neuralink can't arrive fast enough! What were your conceptions involving the recent Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, "INTROSPECTIVE PRISM"? This season, our main collection shared the runway with the launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line, which celebrates self-confidence and self-expression. The overall creative direction was influenced by the sub-conscience theories of Sigmund Freud and films like Annihilation, aiming to expose inner fears to release suppressed identity and desires— literal empowerment through self-discovery.  The collection explores two distinct notions for evolution of human form – through technology and through biological mutation. From the outside, the driver is mechanical – artificial furthering of self via machine. From the inside, the driver is bio-spiritual-- the natural furthering of self via selective mutation of flesh and mind— a physical metamorphosis through the unrestrained self. This season's motto is: "Introspective Prism – Refract all versions of self, Mutate desire and identity, Evolve in spirit and form." With our current climate reality, how do you plan to focus the brand on a more sustainable level? Being on the cutting edge is important to us to both achieve a futuristic design and to help push progress, validating applications of new technologies. We always keep an eye on the new tech that has shown promise in helping to lower the environmental impact of manufacturing, and we try to do our part by using many recycled, sustainable, and organic materials, including Better Cotton Initiative fabrics in our SLFF KAIMIN denim line. As we grow, we will continue to place greater emphasis on better production practices, safer materials, and less waste. Explain some of the laser cutting, production techniques, and 3-D print experiments that are implemented throughout your garment construction process. KAIMIN utilizes quite a bit of technology for manufacturing, content production, and branding, including 3D printing, laser cutting, digital art, AR/VR, motion tracking, etc. and we always seek to emphasize our future-forward thinking in our designs. For garment construction, we use some techniques because they create unexpected and groundbreaking visual results, while other methods actually make sense from a time and capital-intensity perspective.  We're pushing the brand's tech boundaries with the "Stratasys x KAIMIN" 3D-Print Denim Capsule Collection— the first time ever an industrial-quality 3D geometry is printed directly onto denim. We designed the intricate CGI geometry, multi-depth opacity, and colormap in collaboration with Fitchwork to make the final print. Stratasys are pioneers in the additive manufacturing space and have some of the most advanced 3D printing technology in the industry, accompanied by an inherent desire to experiment and come up with something new and cool. They wish to make everyday life better by bringing 3D printing technology to a greater part of the world faster and disrupting the fashion realm is quite big on the radar of Stratasys global creative director, Naomi Kaempfer— so what better way to help assimilate and democratize the tech for clothing than with one of the most common garments, jeans! How do you envision the future of fashion norms? I'd like to think that the future will bring abundance and innovation not just in the material sense but also in our culture and thinking, where humans will finally reach total equilibrium with nature, and each other— no prejudices— and KAIMIN clothing is but one way to represent this future. Like everything else in our society, fashion will continue to be transformed by technology, faster and more accessible information transfer, and diverse global audiences. This, of course, means a lot will change in fashion's tangible areas, like materials with never-before-imagined physical properties, more efficient production techniques, the continued proliferation of smart garments, and increased expectations of what clothing should do for the body and mind. But, to me, the most interesting changes are already occurring on the more intangible, creative side. People's unprecedented ability to communicate who they are has opened up new frontiers. In only a few years, social media exposed how varied yet similar and interconnected different cultures' tastes are, and how people of all walks of life can become influential by traversing these different planes. Being skilled in multiple areas has become the norm for many young creatives today, and this 'polymathism' affects fashion a lot. There are so many cross-functional innovators out there, and fashion definitely benefits from this, becoming more interesting and multifaceted.  What's next for KAIMIN? KAIMIN's mission is to keep innovating ourselves and keep collaborating with people that push the boundaries across the various artistic disciplines and product segments. We want to be more cross-functional and would love to do more than just fashion, even if it's in a more non-permanent format like seasonal collaborations. I wish to meet and inspire more people and to learn from them so we can all come up with a never-before-seen symbiosis of unlikely fields that not only is cool but also could change lives for the better and bring signature KAIMIN flavor to people in more than one way. With that said, I hope to continue building our artistic community and form a creative confluence platform – a culture nebula for local and global artists – to support innovation. To that end, we have already established an endowment fund some time ago, via our Zero Zero Project initiative, which periodically disperses funds to help finance targeted projects. And in that same vein, KAIMIN presented the SS20 show in collaboration with Studio 525, an iconic exhibition & event space housed in the former Andrea Rosen Art Gallery in Chelsea, as the inaugural project for Studio 525 Art Accelerator, which has a very similar vision to ours and aims to provide a physical place for work and showcases to artists and the creative community in general. Produced by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: : Franco Velastiqui Art Direction by: Delfina Pia Rey Styling by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Kevin Cheah Model: Cassie Priestley at Next Models. Styling assistance by: Sabrina Aguirre and Mila Sanguinetti  Credits: FW19 KAIMIN clothing, and GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI heels. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. MAX MARA dress, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. VERSACE dress, earrings, and rings and AGENT PROVOCATEUR underwear. ETRO dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, B-LOW THE BELT belt, and NANCY NEWBERG earrings. HALPERN dress, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring, and ERINESS ring. MAX MARA sweater and dress, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. PREEN BY THORNTON BREGAZZI dress, B-LOW THE BELT belt and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings. ALESSANDRA RICH dress and necklace and MIU MIU earrings all available at MatchesFashion.com, and NANCY NEWBERG rings. AGENT PROVOCATEUR slip dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace and ring, ALINA ABEGG earrings, and STATE PROPERTY pearl ring. ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER dress and scarf, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings and ring. PALOMO SPAIN jacket available at Please Do Not Enter, LA, ALINA ABEGG ring, and MISHO earring. Photographer: Vince M. Aung.  Model: Inga Dezhina. Stylist: Mui-Hai Chu.  Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co. & Oribe Hair Care at Nest Artists.  Makeup: Natasha Severino using NARS Cosmetics at Forward Artists.  Production, Photo, and Styling Assistant: Corrine Ciani Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Being Sustainably responsible in 2019 now means making some changes with how designers are choosing their resources. The female founders behind 42|54 and long time friends Elodie Ouedraogo and Olivia Borlee are both Belgian Gold metal athletes, and now business partners who strongly believe in that type of fashionably responsible involvement. It took them two a clean 42.54 seconds to win a Silver Medal at the Olympic Games in Beijing 2008. That Silver medal turned into Gold, when the winning team was disqualified due to a failed drug test. It was abundantly clear that dirty athletes have no place in sports. That’s when the Gold medalists decided they wanted to make a change. “Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes!” The contemporary active label launched its first 100% sustainable FW19 capsule collection  made of plastic bottles and recycled ocean waste. They believe that great design should also be sustainable. The brand teamed up with renowned textile companies who propose fabrics made from a fiber called SEAQUAL and NEWLIFE recycled from ocean plastics to create the new high-end "made from waste" active wear line that asserts the modern streetwear appeal.  The founders make a conscious effort to be an honest and transparent brand, by largely working with local manufacturers and suppliers.  Elodie and Olivia’s next steps will also be 100% sustainable using organic yarns working with GOTS (Global Organic Textile Standards) certified factories, hang tags produced with recycled paper along with recycled fabrics developed with fibers using the oceans waste and plastic bottles. They both are devoted to giving a second life to stock and leftover fabrics from previous productions along with biodegradable packaging. The The fashion-forward duo provide advanced functionality while calling themselves a "100% sustainable company in the way we work, produce, and live." Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. What was your biggest fear about starting your own line? We believe there are a lot of similarities between the world of sports and fashion. It is about being fearless,  following the process put in place while listening to your gut feeling at the same time to achieve the absolute best. It is about taking a leap of faith in yourself, your partner and your idea. For us creating an activewear collection that was high-end, transcendent  and made in honest and transparent conditions Felt like a void that needed to be filled within our community. There was a clear vision, which was bring some fun and fashion back into the world of sports without ignoring the functional and technical side of the garments. When we decided to launch 42|54, a reference to our winning time during the 2008 Olympics, we didn't really think about it as we both love a great challenge. We just jumped, head first.  There was a lack of experience. (We had both been guest designers for other brands, but came quickly to the realization that this doesn't even come close to owning and managing a brand.)  With that lack of real experience sometimes came also the fear of not being taken seriously. In the beginning we went probably over prepared into ever meeting we had. Not only out of respect for the person sitting in front of us, but also because we wanted to show that we were serious about entrepreneurship.  That we understood that there are no shortcuts to success Initially we also didn't communicate a lot about our backstory either. We didn't want to be perceived as two women who were the faces of the brand, while having an entire team waiting in the back to do the real and hard work. From the beginning we sourced every fabric, button, zipper, label or elastic band you'll find in our collection. Through (sometimes) expensive mistakes and failure we learned a lot. And today we are an authentic brand and a viable business because of it. Aside from the activewear, what other sustainable efforts are being practiced within your company? 42|54 has always been mindful of how and where we produce. After having represented our country in the best way possible in sports it only seemed logical to carry out the strong identity and values that Belgium has created with 'The Antwerp Six' in the world of fashion. We worked a lot with local suppliers. This put our brand already at a 50% of sustainability, solely based on the business decisions we made from the very beginning. Last year we were able to evolve in our sustainable journey by replacing already locally created fabrics by sustainable ones. We also adapted our online service by working with Repack. Repack is a company that offers reusable bags. For every bag clients return to us after their purchase, they receive a small discount. We on the other hand can recover the packaging for a new customer. Additionally we switched to biodegradable labels, we don't use plastic bottles in the office and work with a cleaning company that only uses natural and biological cleaning products. All the employees who live in Brussels, where we are based, walk or take their bike to work.  What was the moment or person that inspired you to produce your own line? We have always looked up to and been inspired by strong female athletes and more so in the 80's and 90's. These were absolute fun times where athletes didn't only stand out with their extraordinary performances, but also by the way the dressed on the field. Women like Florence Griffith and Jackie Joyner-Kersee wore leotards, belted bodysuits, one-legged  and lace leggings. They highlighted their personalities with exciting, daring activewear.  But of course we don't have to look too far. We are surrounded by strong women. Our mothers, sisters, friends and colleagues. 42I54 is built by women, who work very hard every day to create the best possible collection for women. Our sustainable mission on the other hand comes from a very personal experience.  We initially won a silver medal during the Olympic Games in 2008. Eight years later that silver eventually turned into gold when that winning team was disqualified due to substance abuse discovered during a large series of retesting.  This had a major impact on the on athletes worldwide. And while many of us became strong advocates for clean, drug free sports we are less outspoken when it comes to clothes we wear while performing. We felt this too has to change.  Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes.  Sportswear made in honest conditions and without the environmental strain it has today. We can no longer only applaud recognition and financial gain while wearing our low cost shirts. Because someone, somewhere is suffering because of it. Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Just for fun, what are your zodiac signs? Aries and Pisces What are you wanting to accomplish in 2020 with 42|54? It has always been our goal to become the brand that serves as today’s personal survival-kit and Wonder Woman cape all wrapped into one fashion-forward label for all women. 42|54 is for the young women we help through our 'Athlete Ambassador Program'. By supporting them with well made performance gear, we support their dreams of one day becoming professional athletes. Often big brands want to see results first and will later support in anyway possible. We believe talent need’s to be nurtured when  personal budgets are insignificant or non-existent. Today we are proud to announce that 3 women from our ambassadors program will participate in next year’s Olympic and Paralympic Games. We are most definitely also the go-to brand for women who like to have something that is different. Today many women try and balance a career, family and personal time. Finding an outfit that accommodates that lifestyle can be quite the search. The idea to have a legging that has the advanced functionality you'd expect from activewear, yet the high-end look and feel that makes it chic enough to wear outside the gym is very appealing to a lot of women. A winning combination we can offer to our women as we can pull from our own experience and expertise. On top of the need to be unique or different, women want to be informed on what they are putting both in and on their bodies today. Furthermore we would like to continue to develop our sustainable journey and dress as many great women in the US as we possibly can.  We had the opportunity to visit LA recently and it is inspiring to see how a city has succeeded into merging sports into the everyday life. It embodies the definition of an 'active lifestyle'. What were your childhood ambitions? Elodie: I always wanted to be a hairdresser or own my own cafe. That was until I realized that being a bar owner entails more than just serving great coffee. Olivia: I wanted to be a florist. I think I have always been inspired by beauty and making beautiful things. In what place are you the happiest? Most productive? The school of Sports is a great one to graduate from. Being professional athletes has taught us many life lessons. It teaches you to be independent,  winning, losing and how to persevere. Through our careers as professional athletes we have had the privilege of seeing a part of the world and experiencing different cultures and people. We are very appreciative that to this day we get to travel for work from time to time and see our designs come to life in our factory. Funnily enough, the traveling in the past also taught us the importance of home. And how it remains the happiest place for us. It is also where we get most creative. Before we were able to rent our own office space we used to work out of the kitchen. Today we still come up with the best ideas when we are surrounded by the feeling of familiarity. So thank God for WhatsApp these days. How do you live a sustainable life outside of the company? It is important to stress that we are by no means green warriors or examples of how to live a sustainable life. But we 100% get the message and understand the urge to react today. We all have different battles to fight in life but we are convinced that with little effort we can already make  a big difference. A few changes that we have made:  -no to fast fashion; buying less clothes and smarter -no more plastic bottles and additionally be more mindful of the use of plastic in general -buying fresh and seasonal fruit and vegetables instead of pre-packed food,  -reusing the same bag instead of buying a new one for groceries,  -sort trash -the use of natural cosmetics -leave our cars in the garage if not needed  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Published for the first time and celebrating 50 years since the works were created, ‘DESIRE’ by Lloyd Ziff documents New York City in the late 1960s. Ziff’s work captures a New York teeming with fantasy and rebellion. The book tells a story of cultural resistance through Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe.  ‘DESIRE’ was the first photo shoot that Patti and Robert had together. The two of them were photographed in their Hall Street Space in Brooklyn in 1968 and in Ziff’s small apartment in the heart of Greenwich Village in 1969. The book features 65 previously unpublished works including street photographs, original contact sheets, and notes that form the history around 1960s New York and the lives of these two iconic figures. The intimacy between the two paints a picture of the city at this time, pushing their icon status aside to view the city with a more personal lens. 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff “I myself never felt comfortable doing anything with the pictures. Then in 2009 Patti phoned and asked me for permission to publish two of the Hall Street portraits in JUST KIDS, the first portraits of them together she noted. 41 years had passed. . . Robert and Patti had become legendary. Robert and I had remained friends until he died in 1989, and I had enjoyed commissioning and publishing photographs of his when I was the Design Director of House & Garden, Vanity Fair, and Condé Nast Traveler in the ’80s. Now it’s been 50+ years since I happened to see Robert and Patti crossing the street near their place in Brooklyn. The photographs we shot then are, as are all photographs, documents of a particular moment in time. They have also become documents of a time when two of America’s most important artists were very young, very beautiful, and very ambitious. It amazes me to share those moments from so long ago today.” – Lloyd Ziff, 2019 100 “Strictly Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff, with a “Limited Edition” signed and numbered C-Type print. 500 “Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff. Available now Photos courtesy of Lloyd Ziff and Avenue Communications  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker. HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  FALGUNI SHANE PEACOCK bodysuit, HARDEMAN chaps, BUSTED BRAND gloves, PLANET I sunglasses, and MELODY EHSANI earrings and DALMATA choker. It’s been just over a year since Doja Cat’s “Mooo!” swept the screens of millions across the globe. And unless you’ve been living under a rock, the American singer, rapper and producer begs no further introduction. With that said, in case you have in fact been dwelling beneath stone, then you should know that the future of music is Doja’s for the taking. With her 2018 claim-to-fame music video sitting atop 50M views on YouTube, and her most recent visual release for “Juicy,” featuring Tyga, breaking 20M in two weeks, the musician’s growth is unshakeable, having cemented her place through sweet sonics and visuals that pack a punch. As she so bluntly claims over the phone from her apartment in Los Angeles, “It’s only the beginning. I feel like I really know who I am and what I’m doing with my next project.” The bovine-style music video released last August would eventually flourish into a viral meme. “I didn’t mean for ‘Mooo!’ to get as big as it did,” she admits. “I had more serious music to put out, I’d been working on so much other stuff, but once I put the cow costume on, I had to do it. It was the only way I could get it out of my head,” she explains. Within days of the abrupt upload to YouTube, the video had racked millions of views. The dairy dreamscape was by no means Doja’s introduction to the music industry. In fact, she had been signed to RCA Records since 2014, after the successful release of her debut single, “So High.” From there, she followed up with several tracks, including “Go To Town,” off of her debut studio album in 2018. “Before ‘Mooo!,’ we hadn’t really gotten any viral hits, or had any hits, period. We were doing okay, but things weren’t at their fullest potential. That was the most significant part about ‘Mooo!’ going where it did—it allowed all my other work to have a foundation and have a pull.” Taking a moment to consider the past whirlwind year, she reasons, “Since ‘Mooo!’ blew up, it’s been kind of non-stop. I don’t know if it’s really allowed me to reflect, but I feel like I’ve refined my style and refined who I am. I kind of have to have the spotlight on me.” MATT SARAFA coat and GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses. MATT SARAFA coat, ABODI bodysuit and boots, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and NOÄ earrings. The spotlight she speaks of shines focused and fixed, with no intention of moving elsewhere, but as a consistent subject of such recognition, Doja Cat has experienced two sides to the coin that is internet fame. Since its inception, the Internet has proven an untamable beast, and the environment it has bred has developed twice as feral. Through public domains like Tumblr to TikTok, and YouTube to Twitter, a vast stretch of subcultures and trends have been cultivated. On opposite poles of this digital sphere, there stands viral fame and cancel culture. It’s no secret that the musician has faced multiple controversies regarding comments she’s made online, and it’s even less of a secret that the public is quick to mobilize on social media. After old tweets resurfaced of the artist using derogatory terms towards other rappers, a rallied audience of critics made it its mission to take her down. Admittedly hurt by some of the criticisms, she reasons, “I’m not invincible, I do get hurt by some comments. I’m not superhuman.” Immediately requiting, she follows up with, “But being raised on the Internet gives me the ability to know how to deal with negativity most of the time.” Then, at once in a final stride, she claims of her presence online, “It’s just a small portion of my life.” And just like that, if we’ve learned anything in 2019, it’s that you can’t cancel Doja Cat. HARDEMAN top, thong, and hat, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and DALMATA necklace. Fresh off the release of a new music video with LunchMoney Lewis for “Make That Cake,” while still riding the success of “Juicy,” she’s traveling cross country for performances and appearances on a weekly basis. In the age of virality, such sustainability is impressive. That said, she’s in no way the first artist to have a viral hit catapult their work to an unfamiliar stratosphere of celebrity, and certainly not the last. We’ve seen fellow musical phenoms like Mason Ramsey and Megan Thee Stallion reap the benefits of a trending tweet and hashtag or two. Could it just be that we’re experiencing the dawning of a new age in music? An educated guess would reason, yes. With democratized media-sharing platforms like Spotify and SoundCloud, there’s been an inevitable boom in bedroom pop-stardom. Not only that, but with the increasing irrelevance of labels across younger generations, classification proves less important in not only topics of gender, but music, too. Lines blur across styles nowadays, with artists coloring the outsides more than ever. In attempts to maintain order through categorical standards, we see the term “Alternative” tacked onto the classic genres we’ve come to know. I LOVE PRETTY skirt. I LOVE PRETTY skirt and BUFFALO LONDON shoes. Prompted to describe her forthcoming record, Hot Pink, in three words, she replies with little to no hesitation: “Too. Many. Genres.” Declining a subscription to any one breed of song, the response points to her exploration of sound, a progression of her euphony, and the future of music. “My last record is a lot different from this one because I didn’t understand what it was to be in the studio and in an environment where there’s a bunch of musical equipment,” Doja shares, candidly. “I was young, I was a teenager and I really didn’t know who I was. My character wasn’t really shining the way it does now. I can tell you Hot Pink is one of the best things I’ve done, the best project I will have ever released.” Then, implored to divulge more about the release in detail, she retracts to the previously implemented three-word limit: “Super, duper, mystery.” So while Doja—who won the world over with an onomatopoeia in 2018—makes a favorable case for the future of music today, her own music remains as ambiguous as it does full of promise. Photographed by: Julian Buchan.  Styled by: Katie Qian.  Hair: Frankie Payne using Oribe at Opus Beauty.  Makeup: Jadyn Ngo using Surratt Beauty and Artisbrush.com at The Visionaries. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj Photos by Steven Klein Think metallic, high-end glamour with a neon pink accent. Think barbie doll in outer-space. This iconic FENDI and Nicki Minaj collaboration is the perfect combination of bold yet sophisticated.  Teaming up with Silvia Venturini Fendi, the duo created the next chapter of the FF Series with a line for women’s, men’s and kids: FENDI Prints On. Nicki is known for her body-hugging clothing and most of the line is just that, but she beautifully contrasts it with leisurewear and classy pieces. With the FF logo covering the majority of the print, this line is nothing but eye-catching.  They took staple pieces that everyone needs in their wardrobe and added their own flare to it such as:  tulle dresses, reversible puffer coats, asymmetric body-con dresses, raincoats with leather sleeves, silver tracksuits, bomber jackets with knitted sleeves and metallic windbreakers.  This collection would not be complete without some daring accessories, and that is exactly what they have provided us. They have everything from sequined bags and fanny packs to customized snow boots and wedge trainers. These accessories will take any outfit to the next level.  They went above and beyond and created a collection that embodied Nicki’s personality along with high-end fashion and street style.  The FENDI Prints On capsule collection will be sold in 52 FENDI boutiques worldwide and on fendi.com from October 14th.  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj   Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj                    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   69 shirt, JEAN PAUL KNOTT pants available at Please Do Not Enter, and NIKE shoes.   Brooklyn born and LA based producer and artist, Kingdom, is bringing back is clubby and unique dance music to the industry. With two new EPs, the first one called “EXTERRA, Vol. 1,” on the way and an album coming in 2020, he is back in the realm of dance music, but keeping true to his innovative style.  All the way from the east coast, Kingdom was booked to perform in LA in the early 2000s, which gave him a foot in the door to the west coast’s music scene. From here, he has continued to expand his musical capacity and does not abide by genres or any type of limitation; with experimental taste and a desire to create, he strives to generate music that he loves and that the audience can appreciate/value.  He was kind enough to join me for a phone interview in which I asked many questions, hoping to find out more about him as a person and his career.  I know that Nacho Nava kind of helped bring you to LA, how did he influence you? I was DJing a lot in New York, but he was the first person to put me on a flight and bring me to the west coast to DJ. I think that the influence he really has is that he was putting people on like me who didn’t have any other shows or have a lot of hype or a lot of press or anything like that. He really just believed in the new talent and was always just so generous with that regardless of how well the show did or anything like that. It was really just like he was excited to put people on and it never seemed like it was something he was doing for his own to serve his own interest. It really was something he was doing for the community in LA. Specifically, influential in creating a really special scene on the eastside of LA. I think most people will associate like the gay scene with the west side, West Hollywood scene, which is so specific and there really wasn’t much going on on the eastside maybe a couple bars, but he was the first to create a really vibrant night life scene that involved art and dance and all different kinds of Djs of all different races, but also it wasn’t just a community vibe, it was also like he was bringing really really good music and reall really amazing performers, so it also drew in just from straight people music fans who knew that Mustache would have more edgy stuff, so it wasn’t just creating an alternative it was also just about quality. He had such a good eye for innovative stuff.  FENG CHEN WANG jacket available at Please Do Not Enter and ALLIGATOR JESUS bracelet. What was it like working with Nacho Nava cause I know you guys were working on a Netflix show together. Working with him was always a pleasure. He was always just so sweet so generous and he was just a great figure and really supportive of my label and my parties too. He would always, without me even asking, support a face of mine or event that I was doing that had nothing to do with Mustache. He was always so sweet. More recently, that’s actually kind of why the music video is dedicated to Nacho because basically I met the video director through Nacho. Nacho put us together in a conference call and basically we started talking and they had planned to bring some type of documentary for Netflix about kind of the more alternative more POC side of LA nightlife, specifically gay nightlife and queer nightlife. It was really just in the early stages of talk. We really didn’t get it off the ground, but Shahana, the director, was gonna obviously be on the director’s side and working on the shots and the camera stuff and all that. They wanted me to come in and add music to it, but essentially throw in some different raves and help bring in music so that we could create some events to film because there’s not, sadly there’s not a lot of footage of a lot of the old Mustache parties. They’re relatively undocumented, so that was the idea, but I think when he passed Shahana felt like it didnt’t make sense to pursue it still. It really was Nacho’s project. It was really just a conversation, but even just that concept was inspirational and meeting the director is kind of what spawned us to create the music video together in honor of him.  It seems like Nacho has been really influential to kind of your start here in LA and the music scene, but has he influenced your work at all kind of like maybe the beats you decide to use or the music has he influenced any of it? Since he’s not a musician or DJ himself I wouldn’t say it’s a direct influence on the actual sound. I’d say he’s more of an influence when it comes to throwing parties and bringing people together in the community and just showing people kindness and more of the things I spoke about a moment ago. Just about the social element of music more than the sound exactly, but I know the sound he likes and I think he had an appreciation for the sounds I work with.  MEALS shirt and pants. How does it feel to be in the genre again? It feels really good. I feel like with my last album Tears in the Club I was in a very kind of like atmospheric moody RnB space and ever since that album came out I’ve been doing more vocal production, working with singers, and I worked really hard launching the new singer that signed to Fade to Mind called Semma, so I’ve been really in that zone of creating something for vocalists and when I’m doing that I sometimes put aside exactly the Kingdom sound and I’m trying to create a universe for the singer that gives them a unique identity. It’s just a totally different assignment. It’s a different thing and it’s a different lifestyle too. It’s a lot of hours spent helping singers songwrite and it definitely tested my patience a lot of the time because I’ve spent quite a bit of time with several vocalists making demos for their projects and singers make hundreds of demos to test their project. A lot of time your beat doesn’t get picked or they go in a different direction or sometimes the vocalist is just caught up in other stuff and they don’t even release something. I might have been so in that world, so it was really refreshing to just kind of stop accepting bookings to do vocal sessions and I think it was kind of a reaction to doing all those vocal sessions that made me really want to just get back into my more ravey, clubby, housey references and it’s kind of also where I started. My first release ever, “Mind Reader,” was very kind of hard, weird, dance stuff, so I’m kind of going back and starting from scratch and starting from the beginning again and it just feels really good. I’m just excited to put stuff that’s more high energy and I’m DJing a lot right now, so it’s exciting to just play things that I can blend and just be kind of weird again cause I think working with vocalists it’s a lot more compromises, a lot more catering to them.  Do you have any inspirations for creating music, like are there any other artists that you look towards to or does everything just come from within? There’s definitely artists I look up to. Sometimes I freeze with the question because there’s so many that I have. I would have to say Rod Lee, Terror Danjah, and Darkchild. YOSHIO KUBO jacket and stylist’s own glasses. Would you ever mix different genres together like if you did RnB and dance music? Or is that something that you’ve already ventured into before?   Even though I do make some fully RnB sounding stuff, I kind of think that’s really what I’m known for even though the new stuff is pretty clubby, but I think you can still hear these little shreds of like the vocal stuff, the vocal samples. I think that RnB element is always there. That’s pretty much my mission, either I’m weaving back and forth or I’m weaving them together just kind of RnB sound with the club sound. For the next volume, I’m making another volume of the EXTERRA series and that one’s either gonna have more of the vocal stuff in it and I’m also working on my next album. I’ve got a lot of homework right now. I’m bringing in more vocal stuff as it progresses from my EP to my next album.  In regards to the vocal production, is there anything you look for in an artist when you want them to be on one of your songs? I love weird vocal textures. I just love when someone has a baby voice or has a strange croaky texture or has certain types of node that they like to hit. Just something that sets it apart because there’s so many people that sound so similar. And someone who’s not afraid of intense rhythm cause I think a lot of singers come from the studio wanting a really simple beat or something that sounds like their favorite, you know, Ella Mai song or like H.E.R. song or maybe a Corella song they heard or something, so I think someone who is down to get experimental and doesn’t mind sampling their voice. I’m especially also just addicted to high voices. I love falsetto. I’m known for working with women, which is my favorite working with female vocals. If I’m working with a guy he definitely has to be able to channel his feminine side. I don’t really like to work with men who wanna sing about the macho shit on the mic like I’m way more into men who are singing. you know explore both sides  MEALS jacket and pants. Do you have a certain process of producing or like how do you kind of create your songs? I’ve always been a drummer, so I feel like when I’m on my own making beats I always start with drums and just playing with different drum sounds and I finally, after years of not doing it, started to create my own drum kits and drum packs, so I have my own custom samples that I’m playing around with. When it comes to singers usually they’ll just freestyle over an existing beat. With Sema, the artist I recently signed to my label, she was one of the first people that I really just improvised with and sometimes she would just come in and she would start singing something first, so that’s a totally different process like kind of working in reverse and working from what her voice is doing.  Do you have any stories of the first time you met MikeQ or Ms. Boogie? This new EP I just put out, EXTERRA, Vol. 1, is kind of a throwback to the beginning of my career in many ways. One of them being that I’m returning to dance music and making just like much clubbier, harder material than I’ve made in a long time, but it also actually has two collaborations with artists that I’ve known for I think over a decade. Me and MikeQ and Shane Oliver from Hood by Air were the three Djs who got booked to DJ this artist named Reshaw Newsom. He had a party for one of his art openings. I had actually been a fan of Mike from MySpace and his website for years already and when I finally met him I just completely fanned out and got to play a track. My set was pretty much like MikeQ and Ivana Lore who’s like another ballroom legend. I basically played all super hard underground ballroom voguing music. I don’t think that Mike was expecting that from me necessarily and actually Mike went out on the dance floor and started voguing and he’s not a voguer, he’s a DJ. He rarely ever actually hits the dance floor and vogue. That was back when we Dj’d on CD so that night me and him like traded CDs and he gave me his CDs from his like case logic and I gave him CDs from mine. Ever since then we’ve been in touch and he’s producing music on my label as well, but he’s kind of hard to nail down and get a studio session with, so I’m just really excited to me and him having a track together 10 years later finally. My very first party that I threw on my own in NY was called “Club Vortex” and it was like in the back room of this art space, so it’s not really a venue at all and they didn’t have any security or anything and I think after the first one the word kind of got around cause you know under age kids are always looking for those very few places that they aren’t going to card, so I think word got around that there was this party happening that wasn’t carding and that was super open and fun and a few friends of mine actually showed up with Ms. Boogie at that very first party and me and her hit it off. She kind of got in a little bit of trouble that night. There was kind of like a little bit of a tussle on the dance floor and I think some wigs got pulled, but it was a pretty crazy night and that was before she was even just vocals, so it’s been amazing to see her progress into rapping and making music and I just love what she brings to the track. Saturday Kingdom performs with an Allstar roster including Bae Bae, BrownSkinHazel, Total Freedom and Uniiqu3 get tickets HERE Photographed by Alligator Jesus. Styled by Ally Nikoltchev Produced by: BJ Panda Bear Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. It was a family affair as last night UGG threw a banger to celebrate their now campaign featuring creatives in fashion and music including Slick Woods and son, Paloma and Ama Elsesser, Kim Gordon of Sonic Youth and daughter Coco Gordon Moore, Sasha and Sergio Lane, and Luka and Clark Sabbat. The event was a dazzling event paying homage to the brands California heritage.  The brand drew inspiration from the #UGGLIFE  campaign family-focused narrative highlighting the relationships and the spirit across generations that brings families together along with inspiring and challenging one another DJ’s and eyewear designers Coco & Breezy curated the events soundtrack. Staying on theme with a musical performance by SoCal local indie punk rock duo/brothers The Garden. UGG founded in 1978 by an Australian surfer originated on the coast of California. Renowned for its iconic classic UGG boot boosted by Hollywood celebs, and fashion editors around the world, the brand has extended into apparel and accessories with recent collaborations with the brands like Y/PROJECT and Eckhaus Latta. The evenings launch also featured the new range of buckle boots that also presented an exaggerated sole and a soon to be everywhere thigh grazing boot. After a dinner at the Roosevelt hotel, we caught up with the mama, muse, and all around bad ass Slick Woods to chat about #UGGLIFE.  Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Did you end up going out last night after the dinner at The Roosevelt? I’m a little exhausted but I don’t think I went out, I think went out went on me. How do you feel like UGG has fit into your life as a mother? UGG has been a big part of my life since the last campaign so we have been linking up. Do you feel like having a child has fit into life of the badass fashion creature you’ve always been known for? Yes, of course. I mean getting into motherhood and being an UGG mom has definitely been a big part of my life. You have really empowered the persona of the badass into this new creation, it’s beautiful. Of course, I had to slip into motherhood very unexpectedly. What do you see in the space between comfort and style? Well, comfort and style has always been missed together. I mean my style in very comfortable. Do you think simple comfort can be stylish? Yes, definitely, I am a little bit mixed with Tomb Raider, with a little bit of Kim Possible, and a little bit of, let’s say, Al Pacino. All together – that’s me What is one comfort faux pas you feel can never be chic? Broke shit… I don’t do broke shit. What is one comfort faux pas you feel we need to embrace more? Probably aristocratic shit. Like real rich nigga shit. I wish we did more of that. Yeah do more of that now! Do you see your son as following your footsteps in the modelling world? Hell no. My sons going to be a police officer or a fireman. And I’m gonna let him do that. Your film Goldie got great reviews. Do you see yourself getting more into film? No, the director was trash but my acting was fucking great. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   BUFFALO shoes. Make way for the newest edition to the female power movement, a DJ from Berlin who goes by Martafakka. With a background in Tech House, Funk House, Hip-Hop, RnB, and Afro House, she curates explosive beats that pulsate through the listener’s body causing them to not only feel Martafakka’s energy in her songs, but also having an almost out of body experience. As well, her expertise in mixing different genres creates a new kind of music and allows for a wide range of people to enjoy her work. Beyond her musical genius, she is an avid traveller, inspired learner, and according to her Instagram, is an animal lover as well. Take pleasure in reading the following interview with the creative genius.   BUFFALO shoes. Who would your dream collaboration be with? My favorites would be Dixon, Honey Dijon and Black Coffee What are you currently working on? And how is the process going? My main goal right now is to achieve the knowledge of producing myself. I have my roots in Hip- Hop and RnB and want to learn now more about electronic music especially tech house, funkhouse… I know that you have performed in Berlin, where would you love to perform next? I would love to perform in Ibiza, Amsterdam, London and New York. What is your favorite thing about performing and your fans? The best thing about djing is when you feel that people are getting exactly into your vibe and enjoy the party. What inspires your specific sound? I already traveled a lot in my life and I have been to many clubs where I got a lot of different vibe and music inspiration. What do you want your listeners to feel or take away from your music? The most important thing is LOVE, LOVE, LOVE and of course amazing energy! People should feel good and free while listening to my music. Its all about energy. What does your music creating process look like? I start with collecting my current favourite songs. After that it goes on with the main part; FIND MATCHING SONGS! It is my goal to combine all music genres with each other. There are no boundaries! Its kind of a process of course. Do you have a specific song that means a lot to you? What makes it special to you? It’s “Dirty Diana“ from Michael Jackson since I was a kid. It always hat something mystic about it…Who the f*** is Diana?!  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   REBECCA VALLANCE suit, ANDREA FOHRMAN earrings, and ANNA-KARIN KARLSSON sunglasses. She might not be a household name in America, yet, but Lila Iké has already taken Jamaica’s music scene by storm. Hailing from Manchester, Jamaica, she sharpened her teeth by performing at Jamnesia’s open mic on Saturday nights. The seaside venue (located in Bully Bay, about 20 minutes outside Kingston), has hosted many prominent Jamaican artists including Chronixx, Jah9, NoMaddz, and Protoje. The latter performer, Protoje, happens to be a Grammy nominated artist and his ears perked when he first heard Lila Iké’s music. He signed her as part of his collective, In.Digg.Nation.  Lila’s friendship with Protoje turned out to be the turn her music career needed. The signing thrusted her into the spotlight, where she’s performed alongside him at Jamaica’s Reggae Sumfest (basically it’s the Coachella for the country) with 30,000 heads in attendance then making her NYC debut at BRIC’s Celebrate Brooklyn! Concert. In 2017, Lila dropped her first official track, titled “Biggest Fan.” She wrote the song for her mother, whom she dubbed her “biggest fan.” The song’s release opened the floodgates for her solo career, with several other songs following suit. Earlier this summer, she performed on Protoje’s song “Not Another Word,” which acted as the biggest track she’s been apart of. After premiering on Rolling Stone, “Not Another Word” has graced Spotify playlists “Dancehall Queen,” and “Dancehall Official.”  While Lila Iké might hold the Reggae universe in the palm of her had, she’s not interested in classifying herself as a Reggae artist. She believes her music is more universal than to label inside a single genre. Flaunt spoke with the rising artist about her humble beginnings, treasured inspirations, and the meaning behind the words Lila Iké.  MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit and JIMMY CHOO shoes. I always like to know what influences an artist when they are writing and recording their songs. Who would you say are your musical influences? My favorite singer of all time is Garnett Silk. I love Toni Braxton, I really love Lauren Hill. All great artists in different genres and different types of music. But my all-time favorite is Garnett Silk. Why would they inspire you? Garnett Silk is my all-time favorite because of what he did for the music I don’t think anybody else did it. I feel like his voice, his style, he had a spiritual thing with his voice. Also, the fact that he didn’t get much time to do what I really think he wanted to do. Very powerful and very spiritual. How he was cut down so early almost makes me take up the responsibility, just make sure my music is on that level.  What’s your intention when performing your music? What are you trying to give your listeners with your talents? When I’m performing, I’m basically giving everything. With certain performers, You can identify with what they are saying. , You can see certain movements in their body, you can feel in your presence that music isn’t something they are doing to make some money. So when I’m performing I’m doing what I’m supposed to do, which is give it all Every artist has a different creative process when writing and recording music. What does your look like?  I search for inspiration, I don’t necessarily like writing with a pen and paper. When going through my everyday life, if a thought comes to me, i’ll whip out my phone and record it. Somethings I don’t record all my inspirations, but it comes upon you and for some people, it comes through like mediation or dancing or going different places. For me it’s all of the above. I like having conversations about different things. like learning as much as I can. I like listening to music, going to jam sessions.  ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER coat and boots, HALPERN turtleneck, and MISHO earrings. You’ve released four singles so far. What’s next? Is there an album or an EP on the way? Naturally, but I can’t say when. I am definitely working on new music.  We will keep our ears open! There’s a lot of musical genres, what inspired you to chose reggae? Is there a connection to the genre which drew you to it?  Personally, I don’t really associate myself with any particular genre, I feel like its a conscious thing. Like a work of poetry. I grew up in Jamaica, where there is lots of reggae. But I love reggae, it’s my favorite genre. I love spoken music, jazz, country music, reggaeton. But for me, reggae music is a part of me.  Are you still based in Jamaica? Yes. Rolling Stone premiered “Not Another World,” which features you working with Protoje and Agent Sasco. Are there any more collaborations coming up which you can tell us about? I recently did a song produced by Izzy which was released on the same day, so I haven’t been pushing it that much. That’s the most recent collaboration I’ve worked on but I’m interested in working with a lot of artists. I’d love to do a song with Chronixx and Koffee. These are things I have in my head that hopefully work out.  You recently performed at LA’s Delicious Pizza for their block party. Are there any more US shows coming up on your itinerary? Not right this minute, the next time I’m in America for a show is in Washington. My friend wants to come perform at his venue. Me, Sevana, a new artist called Jaz Elise, and another artist named Apollo. We are apart of their acoustic presentation. That’s the only thing I’m certain about. October 14th. Where did the name Lila Iké come from? What does it mean to you?  Lila, biblically was coined from my original name Alecia Grey. When I was born people would always shorten my name. They’d call me Leekee or Leelee. Once somebody called me Lila and I was very drawn to that name because I felt like a “Lila”. I made a Facebook account and used it as my Facebook name, it was “Lila Music.” And people started calling me Lila. Before I know it, everybody actually thinks my name is Lila.  Iké, I got that name from a friend of mine I met when I moved to Kingston. This guy had a Nigerian background. He grew up in Africa and said Iké is short for Ikechukwu, he told me that it meant “God is powerful” I grew up in a Christian home, my mom always went to church and believing in a higher being was always a crucial part of our everyday life. And I personally believe that there is something more beautiful and powerful than all of us here on Earth.  I wanted to appropriate this energy, which is the purest form of my music. That’s where Lila Iké came from.  It was great talking to you, is there anything you would like to add? I want people to know that it’s okay for them to be themselves, and they should go for whatever they want if they feel it in their hearts. If it brings them joy.   MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit. Photographed by Nolwen Cifuentes. Styled by Mui-Hai Chu. Hair: Darren Hau using Oribe at Opus Beauty. Makeup: Mylah Morales  at Exclusive Artists.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Autumn Hrubý is the founder of knitwear enthusiast and journal, Hesperios. The carefully crafted, sustainable collections express Hrubý’s philosophy of “quality over quantity,” with garments meant to last a lifetime. An extension of the brand is it’s dedication to classic and contemporary art, literature, and travel, which reveals itself in a biannual anthology— distributed internationally through art-and-design book stores, galleries, newsstands, and museums. This month, Hesperios released it’s third edition of the ongoing journal series, marking the celebration of both established and emerging creatives. From artists to chefs to filmmakers and poets, No.3 is packed with visual references, intellectual nuances, and personal anecdotes that will galvanize any and every reader. Flaunt spoke with Hrubý post-Journal No.3 launch to chat all things Hesperios. HESPERIOS founder, Autumn Hrubý. What’s the story behind the name of your line and literary journal, Hesperios, meaning “the evening star”?  My friend Evan Dando started calling me Hess as a nickname, short for Hesperios. At the time, Glenn O’ Brien and I were brainstorming potential names for my company to be. It was a long process, and he had several amusing options, but when I heard Hesperios, everything just clicked.   Of all the interviews in this issue, who surprised you most, and why?  Miranda Brooks interview. I loved discovering that she meditates with her client before each project to bless the land and ask the spirits for help.  “In Japan there is a standard practice to have a land blessing with the client and architect before any construction begins, to make peace with who has been there before, and to suggest where the spirits can safely wait until construction ends. Once construction is complete, they are invited back to bring love and a sense of being to what was created.”  Visually, how has literature and the art world influenced your designs?  Art and literature have influenced our brand in every possible way. I knew I wanted to make the perfect sweater and cardigan with reoccurring artist collaborations and less common color palettes. And of course, we publish art and literary books, which is at the heart of what we do. This has always been the idea behind Hesperios. Sometimes working with an artist on a particular cardigan will influence the range of colors for the collection, but I usually have a well-defined palette from the very beginning. I often have Maria Sibylla Merian’s books around for reference.   As fashion is the second most polluting industry in the world, how does your brand support sustainable practices? I’m glad you asked. This is a long answer, but it is the most important question I am asked. Hesperios has been called a “sustainable brand,” and I’m not sure what that means or if any brand can be truly “sustainable,” but we are trying, every day. I have set very high standards in the way I’d like to run everything. We are a small team, but we all care and want to do things differently and thoughtfully rather than arbitrarily pushing out more product. I think we’ve had a head start as a new company forming good habits in the early stages, rather than having to unravel detrimental ones later on. Even so, it’s a constant process which requires a tremendous amount of time to research alternative materials and more efficient methods of production.  It was always my intention to create a well-made, high-quality product that would last forever and age well. Our collection began with a sweater; designed as something you can keep as an heirloom— quality over quantity. We produce two seasons a year, with limited releases in between, all of which are produced in low quantities, so we aren’t sitting on excessive inventory.   We also recycle our inventory in a way that I’m proud of. In our last three collections, we selected a few styles from our inventory, like our Gayle or Lou knit tank, and combined them with pleating to create our signature Paloma and Lola dresses. Our collection also consists of a core library of year-round knits, which means we can keep these on our website longer because they technically don’t fall out of style. If we have inventory in a color that hasn’t sold as well, we dye it sustainably. Timeless and well-made products retain their value.  All of our wovens are produced locally in New York City. This reduces the waste of packaging and shipping materials. We try to use as much deadstock, antique, and recycled materials as possible. We will never produce leather, and we’ve kept our material options to a minimum. I don’t plan on using cashmere or wool. We plan to use 100% organic cotton by next year, and we’re also in the planning phase of bringing our knit production in-house, so we are in control of all phases of production.   I wish building a company was just about telling stories and making beautiful things, but this is such a small fraction of what is required. There can be a myriad of factors and variables which influence every decision and sometimes can be overwhelming. But we approach everything with thoughtfulness and integrity in mind.  I’ve been a vegetarian for 18 years, and I’ve always been conscious of my environment. When I was 20, I lived on a permaculture and biodynamic farm in San Miguel de Allende, and when I moved back to the states, I viewed our resources differently. I think this experience has informed my life decisions going forward, and I’m constantly reminded of those lessons. I recently sat through the Earthlings documentary and was completely shaken. It takes you through all the industries that rely on animals and how corrupt so many industries are. After watching this, I wanted to begin taking steps to become vegan. I also became overwhelmed with all the lifestyle choices associated with this decision and that if I became vegan, I would want the brand to be as well. Suddenly, becoming vegan was harder than anything I’ve ever thought about doing, especially regarding fashion. Right now, I am gathering the facts so that it isn’t an overwhelming transition. Leather is everywhere. There is no reason when there are plenty of alternative materials to use for a handbag or a shoe. But then, you also have to be knowledgeable about how those materials are made and the waste or toxic threats they could be creating.   Patagonia has been a big inspiration for my colleagues and me. My best friend, Miye McCullough, is our Director of Operations, and she has a background in Conservation, so we are always talking about sustainability. She recommended a book called The Responsible Company by Vincent Stanley and Yvon Chouinard. It has been my ongoing resource for information. I recommend this book to everyone, both personally and professionally. You can learn from their past mistakes as a company, how transparent they are, and what they did to learn and improve not only their production but practices on a global scale. The bottom line is that it takes a community effort to create change. The book is also a reminder that while mistakes are inevitable, what counts is how we solve each problem.  Everyone on our team has a genuine interest in sustainability. We enjoy the research process equally as much as the creative one. I’ve been a member of an innovative design library ever since we started, which gives architects and designers access to sustainable, biodegradable, recyclable, certified organic materials around the world. They have an actual library you can walk through and scan swatch cards; giving you instant access to suppliers who produce bio-leather from pineapple juice.   I don’t want to turn a blind eye to our ecological crisis. If I’m made aware of something that isn’t right, I will go to great lengths to try and correct it and make it better. But I have to remind myself that it cannot happen overnight.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 Drop 1 launching today, October 8th, Zara aims to release their variations on the here to stay khaki and uniform stylized core pieces. For decades in DIY culture, core basics have been used as representation and a source of visual language to identify rebellion and counterculture. These two characteristics are still used as the main sources of inspiration to highlight individual style and remain part of being unbranded in a capitalistic society. As well as being inspired by figures involved in the arts, musicians, actors, artists, and so forth. Zara is taking classic clothing archetypes with this new SRPLS CHPTR 03 line, consisting of outerwear, shirts, pants, and accessories, remixing them with new proportions, cuts, and sews every release to give a new meaning. This will be the 3rd instalment of Zara’s bi-annual SRPLS collection, showcasing men and women collections as in the past, but for the first time a kid’s line will be available. The collection speaks on the military influenced clothes that have become part of the world’s wardrobe vernacular for the past 60 years in popular culture. Made from premium materials, in limited edition with three releases each season. The collection will be available online and in select stores across the US, Spain, Germany, UK, France, Italy, Poland, Japan and China. Photos courtesy of ZARA Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Gucci has begun accepting applications for the North American Changemakers program, which includes its $1.5 million Scholarship Program and its $5 million Impact Fund for nonprofit organizations, and they have brought a collaboration with DRØME Creative Director Satchel Lee to announce it. The grant and scholarship open call announcement invites young people and nonprofits to apply to be Gucci Changemakers.  Earlier this year, Gucci announced its North American Changemakers Program, working in alignment with the company’s vision for garnering a greater social impact and pushing diversity and equity forward within the fashion industry. The film announcing the open call for applications was narrated by Changemakers Council Co-Chair, Poet, and Author Cleo Wade, and allowed for young people to share their own stories. Wade stated, “Change does not happen in theory, it happens in community. We are bringing the Gucci Changemakers initiative to life by bringing not only funds, but also time, energy, and care to communities that have been historically and systemically under resourced and overlooked for too long.” Both of the programs aim to do exactly that. They give to and prioritize historically underrepresented and marginalized communities in order to allow for the advancement of the youth and nonprofit organizations hoping to create broader change, starting within their own communities.  Learn more on applications and eligibility at www.changemakersus.gucci.com. Photos and video courtesy of Gucci Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   GUCCI jacket, pants, and shoes.  BEN SHERMAN top and pants, BRUNO MAGLI boots. The singer-songwriter and actor Chord Overstreet surprised a lot of his fans when, in 2015, he left behind his acting days on Glee to pursue a career in music. The son of Grammy-award-winning country music singer-songwriter Paul Overstreet, Chord had grown up surrounded by music, which he quickly developed an affinity for. Once he formed his own band, Overstreet, the singer was already opening for Demi Lovato and Nick Jonas on their Future Now Tour. After releasing some well-received tracks, the band came along with their first EP earlier this year Man on the Moon, Overstreet is back with the new track “My Ex.“ Flaunt sat down with Chord Overstreet and discussed his relationship with music, songwriting, and his newest single “My Ex”. I wanted to ask you a little bit about your upbringing. You were brought up by a Grammy award-winning father, you have a music-related name—it’s almost as if it was predetermined that you would be involved with music. It was probably my dad’s way of nudging me out the door with a guitar in my hand. I was the third one born into my family, and there’s three notes in a chord, so my dad and mom had names like that for everybody. My sister’s name is Harmony, like a four-part harmony, and a brother named Nash for Nashville, so everyone’s got a wacky name.  How would you say your relationship with music has evolved throughout your childhood up until today?  My relationship with music started out when I was really young and my dad introduced me to Elvis, the Beatles, and James Taylor. The stuff that I responded to was the lyrical content—songs with a story that helped you stepping out of reality, just being in your head and going wherever the music takes you. Lyrics first for me is where I always go, such as James Taylor and Bob Dylan, guys who were really able to paint a world.  Branching out into your own musical career—did you always want to do that, or was it a more recent decision after Glee?  I always did it just because I grew up around it. When I first moved out to LA, I was trying to get the acting thing going, and I had my guitar—it was always there. I never thought about it too much, I just always did it. I would be writing and I would be playing. Everything I got involved in and it worked always coincidentally had music involved, it kept chasing after me. I also always had the desire to do what my dad was doing. When I was probably 17 and playing football—I wanted to play pro football—I got a knee injury and was on Oxycontin on the couch. I was playing video games and my dad was like “Turn that damn game off and write a song!” So I picked up the guitar and couldn’t put it down.   That’s amazing. It’s good that it stuck, because I remember my parents forcing me to learn the piano at a young age, and I would get so bored by it. But then, the love for music sticks with you. It’s interesting because, when you’re a kid and taking music lessons, you don’t necessarily have the drive and determination —although some people do—to push that as a kid and develop those skills. Thank God that parents make kids take lessons because when you’re older, it’s there. I’m really thankful for my mom driving me to guitar lessons. It’s about having the foresight to see that it would be useful someday. Of course, I saw my dad do it, and he obviously taught me a lot about songwriting. My dad said something interesting to me. He had a rough childhood—he came from a broken home—and yet was always very positive in his songwriting, his message was really uplifting. Somebody asked him where his inspiration comes from when he’s writing, and he responded that he always wrote about how he wished his life was, not how it actually was, how he wanted it to be. I thought that was really cool, to be able to twist anything and make a positive message out of it. I’ve learned a lot from him out of my 30 years of studying him. I was really blessed that he put great music in front of me for me to learn from versus some of the stuff that’s pretty bad [laughs].  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. From all of these influences, how is it that you came to the sound you have now? I have a lot of modern influences even just in production, with the sound and current alternative stuff. Finding your niche within that, going back and taking some older retro production vibes and going in some of that—I would say it came from a lot of trial and error, honestly, just throwing a bunch of things at the wall. I was frustrated with not having a sound, so I went back and listened to a lot of Beach Boys stuff, as well as diving into deep tracks of music, while always wanting to make stuff that lasts for a long time. You find inspiration from the best.   You’re getting what inspiration you can from different artists and injecting it into your own style. Exactly. It’s like I really liked the way they presented that sound, how they had fifty different voices way back then, and just finding your own voice within that. A lot of the stuff I love listening to is just stuff that I want to drive to. Then I did a bunch of tours with just me and an acoustic, that singer-songwriter stuff. That’s a different side of me that is there, but after a while you just want to put on a rock show, you want to have fun, you want to express yourself and do crazy shit and not give a fuck about anybody.  GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and talents own ring. That’s actually what I wanted to ask you about next, about your shift from performing solo to having a band. It makes sense that you did it like your father before with the singer-songwriter aspect, and then you wanted to branch out.  That side of it for me is about expressing your emotions. You’ll to be up there, you’re vulnerable, and pouring your soul out. The band stuff and the energy—the crowd has so much to do with it. It’s such a release to be able to express yourself, and be that big, and be that loud, and to do whatever the fuck you wanna do. There’s such a rush in that, and when you go on and perform, you just black out—from the time it starts to the time it ends. Then all of a sudden I’m going, “Wait, is it over? Did that just happen?” It’s almost like its own drug, which you can get out of the singer-songwriter stuff, but that’s a little more therapeutic, and reliving some dark, heavier stuff.  You also have this support network of the rest of your band with you on stage.  Yeah. It’s fun to be able to make music with your friends, to shake out all of your anxiety, and nerves. I’m not a great dancer, so on stage I can just do the weirdest, craziest, stupidest stuff, and not give a fuck. That’s one of the things I like. That’s the only time you’re gonna see me blow off steam. It’s almost like you turn into a different person, which I love. That has a very similar connection with me that acting does. When acting, you get to disappear for a second. GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and KSWISS shoes. I really like that, because there’s also this other side of performing that’s filled with nerves, and you’re always worried about what people will think. But when it’s right for you, you just melt into it.  Once you say, “Fuck it,” and jump off…The first time I started doing live stuff with a band, I was learning my body, and how I move, and how I do things. But then, once you rip the band aid off and learn to not give a shit, to just have fun and move around like nobody’s watching…that’s the best. Once you can take that jump, it’s fun.  Great. I’m wondering, what artists today would you like to collaborate with if you had the opportunity? I would love to collaborate with Sting or, I listened to a lot of Aerosmith growing up they were probably one of my favorite bands. I don’t know what that would sound like, but probably more so the legends. Just to be able to say I did it and pick their brain. To get into their headspace and see what their creative process is like. Yeah, I’d ask a lot of questions like, “Hey, when you wrote ‘Dude (Looks Like a Lady),’ what was the story behind that? I’d probably be the most annoying person sitting next to them, because I would be asking them so many questions. I find that the process of songwriting is so different for everybody that “What inspired this, what inspired this, what inspired this” might open your eyes to all the things around you that you wouldn’t normally pay attention to.  BEN SHERMAN t-shirt, KENZO pants, and BALLY shoes. Going off of that, I want to ask you a similar question about your upcoming single “My Ex.” The songs on your Man on the Moon EP have a lot to do with past relationships and the effect they had on you. How does this single play off that? What inspired this direction that you’re going in? I wrote this song the next day after running into one of my exes. I ran into her at the bar and she was with one of her friends, and I used to hang out with both of them when we were together. I run into this person all the time, and I ran into her, and every time I run into her she’s with her boyfriend. It’s a little odd, because he’s just a little bit odd about it. We’re cool though, I love her to death she’s super sweet. She started flirting with me a little bit, talking and drinking. To make a long story short, we hung out and afterwards I felt like she was making a move on me—not that I would’ve done anything. Then her boyfriend showed up and the whole vibe completely changed. I found all of this really interesting, so the next day when I went into the studio to write, I started working on the track with my buddy, and in thirty minutes I had the song written. The thing I thought was interesting was, what if I actually did go home with my ex-girlfriend and she left her current boyfriend? I just thought that would’ve been an interesting hypothetical situation, because once you had that relationship with somebody, there’s always something that’s underneath a little bit. You’re always wondering “What if it turned out differently?  When you’re young, relationships end for reasons that when you’re older I’m sure they never would. There’s probably a reason and a good reason it did end. I self-examine a lot of my dating life. It’s an easy thing for me to really look at that while I’m writing.  That’s a positive thing—self-examination, looking at how everything went down and how you can change for the future—it’s a very good thing. It’s very much like therapy.  Like self-therapy almost.  It is difficult to analyze yourself without you running through your own protective filter. When something happens in a relationship, people see it from a slanted view where they end up not being as harsh on themselves as they are on the person they’re breaking up with. Being that way with yourself can be tough.  KENZO jacket and pants. Very true. My final question is, you know how people usually get an impression of an artist whenever they listen to their album or a single. I’m wondering, with the debut album you’re releasing next year, is there a specific impression you want people to get of you, whether as a person or as a musician? That’s a good question. My goal for this next batch of songs is—everybody relates to love, loss, things changing. They might not relate to the exact story, but everybody has felt that way, everyone has had that emotion. Being able to really put out emotions that are relatable, that hard stuff that you don’t really want to talk about, or being able to share the good feelings. It’s about being able to emote and give people something they can relate to.  They end up feeling an emotional connection to it. They have a connection to the music. Even if it is specific to my story. That’s probably the main goal.  That’s probably the main unifier between people and music—the ability to connect with an emotion or lyric, anything about it—it’s great.  It could just be a lyric, it could be something that makes you say “I felt that way.” Even Drake with “Why you gotta fight with me at Cheesecake Factory/ You know I love to go there.” That’s funny, and it’s real. I think it’s genius how specific that is, because you can’t make that shit up.  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. It’s specific enough that you can imagine being in a similar situation. Everybody has got into a fight with somebody at a place like that. Cheesecake Factory is just—I think that’s hilarious. Drake does that better than anyone. Great. That’s it on my part, is there anything you wanted to talk about that we haven’t touched on? We talked about the sound, the inspiration…The one thing I also wanted to talk about…just the…I guess we talked about it. Letting people in and getting a good look at who I actually am and what goes on behind the curtains, what grinds my gears I guess. Especially with this new project you’re doing, it’s a new path, and for people to see that and get their impression of you, it’s really important. It’s new for me, but it’s also thirty years of  my experience in self-discovery, and giving people a look into the reality of where I’ve been and where I’ve come from, that’s really important. That’s great. We very much look forward to your new material.  Yeah, I’m constantly writing, so hopefully I’ll get a bunch of new stuff out there.  Photographed by Jonny Marlow at Early Morning Riot. Styled by Brendon Alexander. Grooming: Avian King using Davines at The Rex Agency. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   A woman with a past containing hardships to a future where she can clearly see what she wants, Diana Gordon is back with her new single, “Becoming” which is all about celebrating hard work, being in control, and having her family by her side. She is a multi talented woman who sings, song writes, produces, and is a visual artist. Diana is not afraid to be herself and through her voice and singing, she has been able to have an emotional outlet. Her music is a mix of rhythmic drums, alternative rock, and dark folk, which create a melodic base for her powerful and captivating voice.  Diana has won Grammys in the past for her songwriting and producing work with many prominent artists, including Mark Ronson, Dua Lipa (“Electricity”), Beyonce ("Sorry", "Daddy Lessons", "Don't Hurt Yourself'), and more.  Her 2018 EP Pure was described by Pitchfork as being, “marked by her striking voice and emotional candor.” Diana has an album set to come out next year and will follow the tone of her new single “Becoming.”   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The high desert has remained as popular as it was 40 years ago to getaway to, when your dad was planning a Joshua Tree trip with his buddies and forgot to pack the trail mix, as well as the good suede boston birkenstock’s.  HWY 62 ART TOURS is becoming one of the fastest growing attractions taking place over 3 weekends in October, featuring 150 artists opening their studios to showcase artwork.  Part of the fun derrives from its self-driven aspect, furtherly explained by Art Tours Director, Bill Green: “The best thing about the Art Tours is that you never know what you’ll discover. With over 30 different categories of art, you might see a tile house followed by an abstract painter followed by a sculptor. You get to choose what you want based on your interest. There are so many different artists here with unique studio spaces that you can’t possibly see them all. It’s a big reason why we went to three weekends this year.” This special desert art tour taking place under the stars will take place this month in October over the spand of 3 weeks.  Weekend Oct. 5th & 6th, the 11th & 12th, and lastly the 18th & 19th. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Photo courtesy Nike. This is what we have been waiting for. In Los Angeles, Nike is coming out with limited-edition Air Max 270 React sneakers and fleece hoodies. Not only are they limited-edition, they are specially-designed by three talented L.A. artists: Sage Adams, Jheyda McGarrell, and Gabrielle Richardson. Each artist used their stories to create a this new collection of sneakers and hoodies, incorporating their unique style and flare. Flaunt was fortunate enough to get to chat with the women, see below.  SAGE ADAMS: The NY Transplant “Designed by artist and curator Sage Adams, this Air Max 270 React is a reinvention of the classic white shoe that Adams saw in her childhood. The shoe comes outfitted with a pizza slice charm to nod to the classic comfort from her home-state, a reminder to pay tribute to your roots.” What inspired you to pursue art? For me the lack of representation of marginalized people as popular visual artists really spoke to a gap I wanted to fill. We needed more than Basquiat, we needed to know Carrie Mae Weems, Kara Walker, Henry Taylor! I needed to see more of a spectrum of the stories being told and mediums used.  Do you feel that art has opened up new possibilities for expression for you?  Art In many ways has taken over how I see the world. Before I started breaking things down into shape rather than how they ‘actually look’ was the moment I began to feel like an artist. It’s opened my mind to an array of possibilities otherwise deemed impossible. I didn’t even think I could draw as a kid. What is the process you go through when curating an exhibition? Do you have a specific message in mind? For me it’s getting to know the artist and what made them make the thing and then it’s how do these things come together to tell the story.  What connects the works, what makes them different from other pieces in archive? What medium? What does the architecture of the actual gallery space look like? Creating an authentic representation of an idea or ethos is one of the hardest and most rewarding things there is.   JHEYDA MCGARRELL: The Homegrown Angeleno “L.A. native artist Jheyda McGarrell’s take on the Air Max 270 React is influenced by her Black and Mexican upbringing. Pops of red pay homage to rose bushes grown in the front yard of her childhood home, while gold accents represent the evolving idea of opulence for Black and Brown communities. Topped off with a cherub charm, a reminder to honor traditions and use the lessons of the past to keep it moving forward.” Questions for Jhyeda Mcgarrell: How does your heritage, as an Angeleno of both Black and Mexican decent, reflect onto your artwork? My heritage is reflected in all of my work due to the heavy impact of it in my formation. The contention of growing up experiencing all these different aspects of culture and tradition is an experience many without their stories ever been told. This specific project in my mind has worked to piece together the different aspects of the different culture backgrounds, that our two cultures share. This shoe to me bridges the created tension of an American landscape. It shows the ways we are one and the ways people like me live between these different ideologies and physical spaces. It bridges the weird black kid in the white neighborhood to the dark skinned mixed Mexican kid growing up with Tias smoothing down their curls and gives us space to just be all our different facets without contention.  What was the most rewarding and challenging part of this process? The most rewarding part in this has been seeing the smile on my mom’s face when I told her I was working on a collaboration with Nike. The most challenging but also rewarding part has been working with an entire crew of people to execute an idea which is still relatively new to me. It’s so beautiful to see all these brilliant, different minds working to make something I once imagined.  What do you hope people feel when they wear your shoes/hoodie? Confidence? Individuality?  I hope when they wear the apparel they feel like they are truly reflecting their highest self. I hope they feel comfortable and free. I hope they feel every good emotion that has been out into the making and the lifestyle behind the creation. I hope they feel loved because I know I do from them.  What qualities do you see in yourself that you know you got from your family? Pretty much everything. My family is completely made up of immigrants and all of the qualities I’ve gained from their strength and preservation in a country against them is appreciated. I have learned love and a desire to improve our lives and the lives around us and to honor heritage. I have learned even the qualities they might oppose in me. I have learned to always crave freedom and to always have a strong sense of self among so many other things.  It is so amazing that you get to work with Nike to be a source of inspiration for many people. What has inspired you, and in return, what do you want your work to inspire in others?  Thank you! It is literally such an honor. I’ve been inspired by everyone around me embodying the phrase “existence is resistance”. I’ve been inspired by the black, the brown, the indigenous, the queer, the trans, the fat, the disabled, the people who make up the qualities most worth embodying, utter freedom of expression and true strength. I hope my work inspires people to follow myself and others in moving forward towards freeing themselves and seeing the value in their everyday life, even when it’s boring, even if you hate yourself, like I did once and still do sometimes, I hope they know they are important.  GABRIELLE RICHARDSON: The Passionate Traveler “Neon meets pastel in a technicolor dream in the Air Max 270 React designed by model and multimedia artist Gabrielle Richardson. The colorway exhibits the dichotomy of the modern-day jetsetter — neon being those moments of movement, and pastels representing the comforts of home. Embellished with a ‘Real’ charm, an encouragement to make creative dreams a reality without letting others restrict your point of view.” Questions for Gabby Richardson: Which place that you’ve travelled to been the most influential, or just your favorite and why? I think the most influential place I’ve ever been is in Cape Town, South Africa. It was beautiful to be in a majority black country, but still felt a sense of disillusion being in a country with such an intense racial caste system. I felt so lucky to be in Africa, a continent that felt so connected to my identity but where I had never been. I met so many young talented South African artists in Cape Town who shared their art with me, and it reinforced my drive to do better to create and facilitate spaces for young black kids globally. What do you want people to feel or think when wearing your design? I want people to feel validated, I want to give people hope. I want people to know, in our constant shared state of anxiety that we live in that there is a silver lining. I used the neon colors because they’re utilitarian colors used often in industrial and emergency settings, I offset the abrasive colors with pastels to give it a sense of softness, and a sheer window so people can show off their personality. I think the real chain is self-explanatory, what you do, whatever you want to do, that shits real, that shits valid, don’t let anyone limit you and tell you that your aspirations are fake. What does it mean for you to be a part of Nike’s limited edition collection? It feels crazy! I As a child I never thought it was a possibility for me to work in the creative world and even more of a ludicrous fantasy to be able to have my own shoe. I think it’s a testament that any dream you have can be built. This journey with Nike has been a really formative experience for me as artist, I have never been so affirmed in my artistry. I was able to direct so many aspects of the campaign from the casting, color ways, and insert in the shoe. Being believed in is a magic that I want to pass on. Everything can be real!! What does travel mean to you? Through my time traveling I’ve realized that I learn mostly through experience. Through meeting people and exchanging stories of each other’s lives, I not only gain an objective knowledge but also broaden my emotional intelligence. A willingness to learn doesn't have to only connote traditional practices of learning, an education can be childlike and involves a lot of falling and getting back up. Traveling allows to see me to see the world for the first time always, everything and anything can fill me with wonder.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    WILDFOX clothing.  WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, JF LONDON shoes, ASOS belt, and KRYSIA RENAI necklace.  WILDFOX clothing and DALMATA necklace and ring.  WILDFOX clothing, B JAMES bag, WOLF CIRCUS necklace, and FARRADAS KNITS clips.  WILDFOX t-shirt and CLYDE hat  WILDFOX clothing, ASOS headband, IMAGO-A belt, and MALONE SOULIERS shoes.  WILDFOX clothing and MISCREANTS gloves.   Left to right: WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, VIA SPIGA shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. WILDFOX sunglasses, MALONE SOULIERS shoes, FARRADAS KNITSearrings, I.O. COLLECTIVE ring, and NORA KOGAN ring.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings.  WILDFOX clothing, TIBI belt, LADY GREY earrings, and MARY MACGILL necklace.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. In a city more rife with wantrepreneurs than we care to truly consider, there are origin stories aplenty. Divided this in two, split that up, and presto! Success! Took the family business and scaled it. Had an invention idea come in a dream and now we're shipping ten thousand units. Was in the right place at the right time. Knew a guy who knew a guy and the rest is history. Often rather boring stories. But how often do you hear of success stories that originate in the club? Business is done in clubs, business is celebrated in clubs, but rarely do you witness material success be birthed in the club. Enter saxophonist and entrepreneur Jimmy Sommers, CEO of Wildfox and 100% owner of the lifestyle brand known for its sun-soaked, sexy California attitude. In addition to being Wildfox CEO, Jimmy Sommers is a partner in top shelf tequila, Perfectomundo, with multi-Grammy winning DJ and producer, Paul Oakenfold, and owns a boutique line of beautifully hand-forged eyewear, very appropriately named Sommers.  Wildfox was birthed over a decade ago. While throwing must-attend parties all over the world, and made in LA units flying fast, the company navigated the economic recession and explosion of e-commerce with a big smile on its face. The birth of influencer marketing across Instagram, however, and a glut of fast, cheap fashion brands, have created challenges in recent seasons, and Sommers is continually seeking ways in which to stay true to how his brand was built and scaled, while integrating a modern sensibility for how fashion is currently consumed. Sommers took time on the deck of his Modern home in the Hollywood Hills, to speak on the changes he's witnessed in the apparel industry, as well as Los Angeles, as well as his only-in-Hollywood story of rising to musical prominence, and in so doing, creating a platform for himself with which to meet the world and explore other ventures. In support is a Wildfox Fall '19 editorial, photographed on the azure hills of Malibu late this summer by frequent Flaunt photographer, Shane McCauley. You found your footing in Hollywood with an exceptional saxophone talent right?  Exactly, being good at something was my way in. The saxophone was my in to Hollywood, in to different events, meeting people. It was a tool. I used the sax as a tool. In college I got a scholarship for it. Then I got to take a crack at LA because I had a reason: to become a professional saxophone player. I was very fortunate to have parents that are supportive and together still, which is rare. They’re my backbone.   And what sort of evolutions have you observed in the music industry over time? The music industry is… well, it’s funny because when I came out here there was something called smooth jazz, and there were jazz and smooth jazz stations. I grew up listening to David Sanborn and Marcus Miller and their style was my key influence. I had gigs all the time. But that’s changed and so has my music career. I used to go on tour all the time. So, the radio stations changed their formats and then comes Hip-Hop. When I was out here recording, it was Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg and Tupac and that era, which was cool shit—it still is cool—but now it’s a whole new and different thing.  You actually mentioned you recorded with all manner of artists at the time, like Tupac himself? Well it just happened that Dr. Dre and Tupac’s engineer lived in my house on Sunset. That’s how it came to be. All of the sudden I was exposed to this music, so then I was playing with them… What’s interesting is that when I was out here, I played saxophone at the China Club, and the China Club is where all the musicians came. I played with Prince, I played with the Kal David band. Rick James came to play. I was immersed with all these great musicians. And what was the sort of lightning bolt moment that deepened your involvement? I was a guest at a part of John Paul DeJoria’s house, the guy that started Paul Mitchell. I was at the bar drinking Patrón with Rod Stewart, who I had just met. We got to laughing and I said, “Rod, let’s go play with the band. I’ve got my sax in the car.” I went to get out my sax and next thing we’re on stage with the band. And that’s where JP was like, ‘Wow, you’re great.’ I didn’t have a record deal at the time, but he was like, ‘How can I help you? Come to my office.’ So inspiring. So I end up playing his gatherings where ten thousand people come, all his hairdressers. He puts a package together, about a hundred and fifty thousand CDs, and distributes them at the salons, which was a catapult to me getting a record deal. It was outside the box, and that really helped me stand out from the rest. That’s what he does. He builds people up. All of the sudden, when my record was done, all of the record labels wanted some. That’s when I ended up getting into the record business with Universal. They pushed me because JP believed in me. And what a vision. He actually started Patrón Tequila 29 years ago, sold it for five billion bucks. And what is he doing now? Giving back. He’s doing great things, and he’s always done that. Doesn’t just go buy a yacht or whatever. He’s such a humanitarian. The guy is just too good to be true. WILDFOX clothing And now you’ve launched your own tequila brand, Perfectomundo? My best friend met someone that owned the best distillery in Mexico. He said ‘we have the best blend of Tequila,’ so we decided to make it. We ended up collaborating with Paul Oakenfold to do Perfectomundo tequila, which is the same name as Paul’s label. It seemed like a good fit. It’s nice to have a business with friends that you can enjoy. We started it a couple years ago, and it’s doing great, and God damn you should try it. It’s delicious! Tequila’s growing big time. And ours has been rated in several shows and tastings, it’s won a lot of awards. The problem with these big tequila companies is they can’t make it fast enough. So they pump it through, and it’s not as good anymore. Being a boutique brand, it’s small batches, and extremely good. Has LA changed a lot to you since coming here? Oh man, in so many ways. To start, there was no bottle service. You’d go out, it wasn’t all the phones with the cameras. You’d go out there, you’d talk to people, not everyone was staring at their phones. That’s just in general, not just LA. But it’s not the same as it used to be. It still is beautiful. It’s still got talented people. Beautiful beaches, you know, beautiful hills. I suppose it’s just that technology has changed.   And how did you make the music to fashion transition? Were you inspired by something in general? Being in that circuit, going to Paris, seeing all that, the fashion shows and having friends in the fashion business was major. And what goes on in London, Paris, Milan—it's so different. Music propelled me to go and experience the world and fortunately enough there came an opportunity to get involved in something else. I knew what was going on in fashion, I was going to the trade shows, seeing what people were doing out there. And to put a different spin on something was key. These two girls came and pitched an idea, something different with a t-shirt company. Oversized, different shapes, something completely different. That’s when we first launched Wildfox. And of course it blew up. Was there a key moment in time? A couple girls came to me with an idea. I said as long as it’s the coziest, softest material, I’m down. That’s what I was going for—the best materials with the right washes. But, we couldn’t even get into the majors, because we had just started. One day, a friend, Alessandra Ambrosio, said, ‘Jimmy Sommers, I’ll model for you. I’ll put your clothes on and I’ll take some pictures. But you do it! You take the pictures.’ So when she was in town, I threw the T-Shirts on her. I had never done this before, so I went to Samy’s Camera and said, ‘Give me your best camera.; It was a 5D and I said, ‘Well, what do you do? I’m shooting a Victoria’s Secret model, what do you do?’ And they just go, ‘Yeah right, sir. Just put it in auto.”’ So, I bought the camera for five grand and went and she put on all the shirts. Then Alessandra was like, ‘Well you can’t use these because Victoria’s Secret is going to get mad.’ So, I said, ‘Ok, of course not, I won’t use these.’ Then, at the trade show, I blew up the biggest photo of her, which was overlooking the whole show. People took notice, and the first order I got was a $60,000 order from Kitson. And I go, ‘How did you see us over here? We’re not even in the main show!?’ And of course they said ‘well, we saw that poster of Alessandra.’ Of course, I was in debt, so it was so great. Alessandra was the key thing. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. How would you describe the identity of the Wildfox brand, how it came to be a force? I’d say along the lines of, ‘Oh, that’s the brand with the softest material,’ the funny sayings, ‘celebrities wear it’, that sorta thing. As the current Wildfox CEO, I ensure we make all our clothes in LA, and it’s great stuff that’ll last forever. Quality. Any person that has a shirt since we started is still wearing it—I’m wearing one right now. They’re out there and they’ve got a frickin’ Wildfox—especially in LA and New York and London—they have something of ours in their closet. Now these other brands come, these fast fashion brands that have Internet money, and it’s cheaper clothes. And there’s all this paying people to wear stuff. We never had to do that when I started. And there’s a lot of that now. Yes, and the mimicry scales so fast. There’s a lot of copycat brands, but what can you do? Just be original. When I started as Wildfox CEO, we thought simply: let’s make t-shirts like butter. The softest t-shirts ever. People say that our first shirts are like fine wine. They just keep getting better and better. They don’t fall apart. Now we have to keep evolving and doing other things. From dresses and higher fashion stuff. Everyone still loves a good shirt and sweats and loungewear, but you have to watch where the world is up to. And now we’re all watching each other on little screens? Yes! Instagram wasn’t around when we started. In fact, we were one of the first accounts to get so many followers. Now, everyone’s influenced by it, which is kind of sad, because it can easily get carried away. It’s good to get these people’s support, but you know… these influencers have so much coming to them. If someone likes a brand, they’ll wear it and talk about it. I talk about a lot of things I like. But, like, one post? It’s not sincere. Left to right: CLYDE hat, JF LONDON shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. CLYDE hat, HARDEMAN shoes, stylist’s own socks, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings. And have you felt tested by owning a company, dealing with the ebbs and flows from the top? Of course. Having a company, you’re working with people, spending more time with your colleagues than anyone. It’s nice to do special things and, hey, if you can be successful and be funny as a company, isn’t that great for everyone involved? Me, being an artist, I get carried away a little and spend too much, and it catches up. This month we are restructuring our offices, tightening up my business. Now we have all these incredible new designs, and there’s excitement at first, then a little stagnancy. Like a relationship. You have to keep tooling and pushing. And do you feel the trajectory is normal for a brand, like a cycle, or is Jimmy Sommers’ Wildfox different?  There are unique circumstances to Wildfox and then much of it is normal high’s and low’s for any brand. Looking back, when you’re rising every year, a lot of big brands would call me and I gave them the middle finger because I thought everything was going to keep going up. ‘I don’t need this, everything's fine.’ But sometimes you do need someone to come in and give some help. It’s been my strategy to stay a one hundred percent owner, but I'm always looking for a strategic partner who can grow it bigger and bigger. You’re always hearing about the pitfalls of growth in the fashion and apparel industry. Any truth to that? You get cocky, but, you know, the consistent factor is you always need some really good people around. I’m still dealing with people that I find out they were faking it. It’s like, what was I doing for the last seven years paying you a hundred and twenty grand? What were you doing? Because I love it when people leave or go and you don’t even need to replace them. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. And how about outside insights or consultation? Not being from this business, I’ve hired a lot of consultants. I’ve figured out that they’ve told me everything I was already doing. With consultants, I’ve learned they’re typically the failed CEOs of their own businesses, or CEOs that got fired, and they want a lot of money. Every consultant I’ve taken aboard hasn’t changed shit. They’ll move certain things around and they’re just shuffling papers. They’ll come in and paper shuffle, and it’s like ‘Oh my God, how much money am I spending?’ So perhaps it’s more in the creative structure? Who at this stage might you think to be an ideal partner? It’s got to be a funny cat. Look at Pharrell! He’s got all this crazy music, he’s great. We’ve met a few times and once I was like, ‘Aren’t you doing fashion?’ and he named four different companies. Wow, what a talent. So someone like that I’d like to get in the mix. New approach on creative ideas. Even Nike does all these things. Collaborations are big business these days. It sparks energy into something, so I’m looking for collabs and there’s a lot of possibilities. Jimmy, aside from being Wildfox CEO and tequila entrepreneur, how about your personal trajectory? Any excerpts from the book of life? All you can do is just learn from life and other people. But you have to trust other people so you truly can learn from them. And that doesn’t always work out, but you have to try. ‘If you look back,’ my father used to ask me, ‘would you change anything?’ You know what, no I wouldn’t. But maybe I have to say that because my father asked me! And how about music? You’re still keeping an eye on the scene? I’m always supporting new artists, as I was one back in the day. Lately I’ve been signing country artists. I know how it is, it’s tough. So it’s nice for me to help out other people, and not just for one song. You have to throw a lot in there and see what sticks. I did that with my music. I worked on three albums at once, and could never finish anything! But then I’d be putting together a record in Chicago, and I’d meet someone and they’d be like, ‘Let’s have ten songs in three months.’ And I was like, ‘Wow, that works.’ Deadlines are important! CLYDE hat, TIBI shoes, IMAGO-A bag, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace. And you’re building a studio up here in the Hills? It’s pretty amazing, the sound. I have a great sound system up here, and you can really hear when someone knows how to record, or mix. Man, that’s a big deal, the mixing. My favorite place to create is like this, where something sounds good. You know, in the Hills, in the studio. That’s why Tupac and everyone used to roll through back in the day! I had a recording studio! That’s why I’m building a new one up here. It’s a special spot. When you’re first in the Hills, you look out there and you’re thinking ‘Wow, I wanna move out here.’ And so I’ve always lived in the Hills, from all the way around. Like seven different houses, and I finally bought one. I look out, and I see the city sparkling, and all those people and their lives from here to as far as you can see, and you’re just on top of the hill, on top of the world. It feels frickin’ good, and it still does. And how’s it all going to land? What’s the big picture look like? Well, it would be nice to have a great relationship, and kids, and this and that. But who knows? Let’s just say I’m gonna die however, but with a smile on my face. Peter Fonda just passed away, and you know, his sister Jane, that’s what she said, that he ‘passed but he had a smile on his face.’ It’s like, have a good ride, because we’re not here forever. Photographed by Shane McCauley.  Flaunt Film Directed by Lucas Chemotti. Models: Dani Dolinger at LA Models and Patterson Wells at Visions Models LA. Styled by Britton Litow. Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co and Oribe at Nest Artists. Makeup: Cedric Jolivet using MAC Cosmetics at Lowe & Co. Manicurist: Lisa Jachno using Chanel Le Vernis at Opus Beauty. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019 The contemporary jewelry line, AGMES, is the brainchild of Morgan and Jaclyn Solomon. Each collection is influenced by facets of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art. The geometric and sculptural, metallic silhouettes reflect modern heirlooms, meant to last a lifetime. Handcrafted in New York, the sisters provide local jobs and utilize recycled metals, which is central to their code of ethicality. With the release of their Fall 2019 lookbook, Flaunt spoke with the Solomon gals to chat all things AGMES. Tell us about the inception of AGMES. Morgan Solomon: We hadn’t anticipated starting a line together years ago, it all happened naturally and kind of fell into place this way. I was working as a buyer at Bloomingdale’s at the time but always felt like something was missing in my life. After catching up with an old friend, I was re-inspired and decided to pursue jewelry design full-time. Meanwhile, Jaclyn had just resigned from her job as a sweater designer at Proenza Schouler. She had planned to take a little time off, but as I was getting ready to launch my first collection, I was asking her for more and more input. It started out with small projects, to larger projects like producing our first lookbook, and naturally led us to form a partnership. What aspects of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art inspire the geometry of your designs? MS: Our collection is very sculptural in nature, so we’re often inspired by sculptors such as Jean Arp, Henry Moore, and Barbara Hepworth, to name a few. We’ve also been greatly inspired by the designs of Charlotte Perriand, Pierre Jeanneret, and Mies van der Rohe. For our most recent SS19 collection, we drew from Ellsworth Kelly’s plant drawings. What dedications has the brand made in regards to sustainability?  MS: Sustainability has always been very important to us, but we feel that now more than ever, it’s crucial to keep our environmental footprint as small as possible. There is so much waste in this industry, and we think it’s our responsibility to make sure we’re not adding to the problem. All our products are made locally in NYC, which helps keep our carbon footprint small, and we use only recycled metals for all our jewelry. Any excess metal that hasn’t been used in our jewelry is melted and repurposed for new pieces.  Jaclyn Solomon: We recycle and reuse everything we can. We’re always bringing in bubble wrap, packaging materials, boxes, etc. from packages we receive at home so that we can reuse them instead of letting them go to waste. What are some of the ideas and concepts behind your Fall 2019 collection? JS: We drew from one of our favorite pieces from the existing collection, the Gabriela Bangle, which we had hand-formed from clay. We love the weight of this piece, the feel of it, and the look. So we wanted to continue playing with this sculptural hand-formed look, but play with the proportions and symmetry further. Most of this collection came from pieces we hand-formed from clay. Do you have a favorite piece from the collection? JS: My favorite is the Gabriela Hairclip! MS: I’ve been wearing the Medium Celia Hoops almost every day lately. And I’ve also been wearing our Domed Ring layered with the Cara Ring from last season. I love being able to build off the styles I already have.  What’s next?  MS: We’ve only just begun expanding into the accessories category – first jewelry, and then we introduced some home and hair accessories. We’ve been exploring the idea of expanding further into these categories, in a way that stays true to us – beautiful organic forms, all of which will become modern heirlooms and embody a sense of timelessness. Photography: Arno Frugier Creative direction: Ashley Helvey Model: Audrey Marnay Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Perverze is the burgeoning Tokyo-based, avant-garde street label taking off in global proportions. The brand is comprised of an on-going collaboration between creative visionaries in Japan, and founded on the retro styles of the 80s and 90s counterculture. Despite the decline of fashion retailers in recent years, Perverze is one of Japan's fastest-growing fashion startups. From shredded knits to tailored coats and bucket hats, the brand champions it's vintage aesthetic with modern functionality.  With recent media frenzy, Perverze has teamed up with Assembly NY to launch it's official U.S. presence. Starting November 15th, the Fall/Winter 2019 collection will be on display in New York's Lower East Side for a month-long showcase. Although this pop-up will be brief, Perverze has no plans to slow down any time soon. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On a mid-fall afternoon, Graham Tyler and I sat down at the High Line Hotel. Surrounded by its collegiate gothic-style architecture and mid-19th-century mementos, we reflect on the time ambiguousness of it— much like his work. Once a student of sculpture and millinery, Tyler found his craft somewhere between bespoke and ready-to-wear, although, he’s not the typical trend-leaning, Instagram-hype designer we’ve become accustomed to. Rather, he’s more introspective, and frankly, unparalleled in his skill. Blending Renaissance, Edwardian, and Victorian silhouettes, Graham modernizes each garment reference through a contemporary lens. In conversation, we spoke of his interests, inspirations, and career from past to present.  How did you decide to study sculpture at Cleveland Institute of Art, and how did that lead you to your millinery apprenticeship with Marta Glazen? I started with painting, and my work was about the body. When it came to actually choosing my major, I ended up going with sculpture because I was more interested in tactile 3d works at the time. And again, I was making a lot of things about the body. From there, I realized I really wanted to learn a craft and wanted to have a skill— a real solid craft skill set. I was looking around at what would be of interest to me, and then I became kind of obsessive about really fascinating textiles. So just in happenstance, I found a woman in Cleveland that was taking an apprentice. Her name was Marta, and she took me in very kindly, and it was very intense; it was about two years with her. Two years, for five, maybe six days a week. I learned a lot from her. She's worked with everybody, and she was wonderful.  How did you decide to switch from sculpture to hats to ready to wear? I was making headwear for a lot of different people in New York, from stylists to runway to a lot of nightlife personalities. People would constantly ask me, "Can you make a garment to go with the hats that your making?" So I thought that I probably should learn how to make clothes. I was making a lot of clothing and headwear. Then, some of the designers that I was working with for their own lines  said, "Just start your own thing."  You went on to make custom headwear for Lady Gaga, Barneys NY, Adam Selman, and Polo Ralph Lauren, to name a few. What were those experiences like? Ralph Lauren for Polo was a full-time day job, and I was doing headwear. That was a really great experience of learning the ins and outs of a brand and how a brand functions at that scale. It's especially nice to work at a brand with such a specific aesthetic. When it comes to celebrities, I work with a few different stylists and such. I largely work with Zaldy, who is a big costume designer. He used to be the designer for LAMB for Gwen Stefani. I worked with him, and it's a really great relationship because he can transfer the information and the aesthetic that they're looking for quite easily. Celebrity work can be tricky because we both come to the table with totally different aesthetics. So I try to translate their thoughts and their words through my hand, which can be kind of a tedious process. It's a lot of give and take on that, but in the end, it's fun. Speaking of costume design— have you ever considered crossing over into that category? I mean, I now understand why Christian Lacroix decided to be a costume designer. Because there's a lot more freedom in that— I don't think I would, because I don't feel that my clothes and the topics that I'm discussing in my work translate well on stage, so I probably would never become a costume designer. None of my clothes have any historical accuracy. I'm usually re-cutting a historical garment into something totally different, or I cut a jacket as a shirt, and I cut a corset as a jacket. I kind of am shifting and re-translating and re-curating things. Your silhouettes are a modern and original take on historical fashion with an emphasis on curved seams, leg of mutton sleeves, corsets, suit vests, and so on. What era's in fashion do you find most influential to you? And do you see a resurgence in antiquated-style clothing? I think the world is consistently reflexive. I think that that is relevant to me. I do see a resurgence in— at least currently, there's a lot of Victorian and Edwardian references transpiring. Especially with puffed sleeves, these are quite popular at the moment. The most recent collection was largely about Mary Shelley and her husband and the Pforzheimer collection at the New York Public Library, which focuses on 1819 to 1845. I mainly stuck to that time period as to the corsets, jackets, and shirts that I was cutting— I was referencing those styles. My work blends Renaissance, Edwardian, Victorian, and some extremely contemporary styles of cutting so that things never feel historical, and they never feel contemporary. They always feel like this very time ambiguous work, which I think is a new way of making clothes — to be very time ambiguous about the way that you're working. Overarchingly, people describe my work as being very Amish. I definitely take that as a compliment, just because I think I cut very graphic shapes, but with very tactile textiles and very hand ROT textiles- and that's kind of an Amish practice. The wonderful thing about Amish is that they look the same today as they did, and they do still.  Speaking of your SS20 collection, "The Origin of Failure," what's the meaning behind this title? It's a long, drawn-out situation. Though the collection was about the Pforzheimer collection and Mary Shelley and her husband, it also was in tandem with trying to figure out what contemporarily is a Romantics approach to making things. I was really inspired by glitch art — also, the act of being romantic about pixelated data. A lot of the prints were all glitched out. I was glitching the images with the love letters. I was typing the love letters into the code of the photos and glitching them through that by putting too much data into the back end. So the long drawn out part of it is that there's only one real piece of critical academic writing about the glitch art that's called The Aesthetics of Post-Digital Objects, I believe. It refers to a glitch as the origin of failure. I was really fascinated by that term. Also, it's terminology as linked to Mary Shelley's obsession with failure in her book and most of her literature, but especially in Frankenstein. What were some of your other points of inspiration for the collection?  I was looking at one specific love letter, which is dated August 23rd — my birthday, that Mary Shelley's husband sent to her. Then when he passed away, she rewrote it, and the rewritten version is at the library. That was the main graphic, and then I referenced for the styles that I was cutting a few original Parisian fashion magazines from the early 1800s, these little women's books. Then a diary-slash-entertainment book that a woman named Anne Wagner kept, and I created a dress using her entire book that I reprint. That dress now will be in the permanent collection of the Phorzheimer. They have bought it, and it'll be the only piece of contemporary clothing that exists in their archive, which is really wonderful. Those are the main things that I was focusing on visually.  Do you have a favorite piece from this collection? The jacquard triptych. The three-piece suit that had their love letters and embroidered into it was my favorite look. That garment is made with this new technology that I'm working on with a computer weaving company in California to be able to create jacquard garments with no wastage. That's how the Mary Shelley corset was also created. They normally create a lot of wastage to make that work.  Art plays an innate influence in your work. Do you prefer antiquity or modern art? It's a big mix in between. I don't think there's an art style that I don't like for the most part, but I'm not a big Surrealist fan. There are a few artists that I'm always thinking about, but I only look at historical art when it's when it pertains to a specific topic. I know the Smithsonian Institution in DC was an important gallery to you growing up. What's your favorite museum today? As a child, we went to that museum almost every summer in DC. There's a Vermeer room that was important to me, and the room about Alexander Calder in the Modern was significant for me as a kid. The feeling of uncanniness inspired me in his work. I recently went to the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum. That was probably the most fantastic art experience I've had because it's really beautiful to experience art of that nature and of that caliber on non-white institutional walls. What are some of your favorite art movements and painters? My favorite artist is Joseph Cornell, who created these incredible little boxes filled with objects. He dealt with melancholy, nostalgia, and love in the same way that I do. I have a soft spot for miniatures and small works of art. I am more inspired by the underpaintings of paintings than I am of the paintings themselves. The color palettes from my work are based on Versailles' underpaintings, which are black and white paintings that they do before they do the painting on top. Any of the artists in the Baroque time period did that a lot. I look at Baroque paintings and Baroque unfinished works of art quite often. I also look at Jasper Johns work a lot. Currently, there's an artist Jefferson Hayman. He's a photographer, and he does these really beautiful little photographs that are my current obsession. Your last two collections have focused on the use of muted colors. Why are you more drawn to grays and blacks, and do you plan on reintroducing color in future collections? I'm partially color blind, and managing all of those colors was very hard for me. I realized I was in a very different place at that point in time. The short answer is no; I won't be going back to color. I consider those first two collections iterations of me attempting to figure out what I wanted to make. Then the most recent collections are me telling the world what I am making and what I am planning to continue to make. Gray, black and white will always be the base, and I will softly incorporate beiges and taupes and rusts, and some kind of soft lilacs. Everything else will stay rooted in those colors. I also like that you could, in theory, take any piece from those collections and moving forward be able to put them together because colors will always match up. I think that's important for the people who look at the clothes and also wear them. How do you achieve your impeccable tailoring? What's your trial and error process like while developing silhouettes each collection? My suits are sewn by hand. They are quite meticulously sewn, and I make all of the patterns and samples.  I keep everything really structured, largely just because I'm drawn to those really aesthetic lines. It was more so a very long learning curve to have to teach myself how to sew a suit like that. I was looking at a lot of old designer suits who made stunning haute couture suits. That's where I learned how to make the ones that I make now. So what's next?  I'm launching e-commerce in the next month or so with some of our core styles and shapes. I am really focusing on the dress shirts. That's kind of everyone's favorite item from us. I'm currently in the Elaine Gold Launch Pad program, so lots of things to come through the CFDA and the EGLP. Then I am already starting the textile development process. The process is very long, and we create entirely new textiles every season, almost every textile is exclusive to the brand. I'm in the process of ideation and also agreements between what collection I'm going to be allowed to use next. There's a lot of logistical things with these collections, so I'm working on what collection I'll be using next. Clothing: Graham Tyler ‘The Origin of Failure’ Produced and Directed by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: Jack Belli Styled by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Mia Varrone Model: Inga Dezhina at Supreme Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Veronica Vilim, Luka Sabbat. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Frida Aasen, Laquan Smith, Daniela Braga, Robin Holzken. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Lion Babe. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Beau Jangless. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  LaQuan Smith. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Aamito Lagum. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA Photo by Avi Gill Last Thursday, New York designer LaQuan Smith and cherub denim brand, Jordache, celebrated its capsule collection at Cipriani's private club, Socialista. Elsa Hosk, Luka Sabbat, Danielle Herrington, and Elisa Johnson, to name a few, sported their Jordache x LaQuan Smith looks as they wined, dined, and grooved to an impromptu performance by Lion Babe. The collaboration, displayed in Smith's Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, is inspired by the NYC nightlife, offering a fresh and reinterpreted version of Jordache's playful denim silhouettes. To view the full collection debuted in LaQuan Smith SS20 click here. Photo by Avi Gill Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Kelcie Schofield is the founder and designer of the contemporary clothing label, CIE Denim. Conceived in 2018, Kelcie fills a gap in her industry by reusing and reworking pre-existing denim as well as solidifying a new and less toxic manufacturing process. Whether it’s restructured silhouettes, deadstock materials, or Naveena Mills’ cutting edge Horizon fabric, CIE represents the future of manufactured denim in our increasingly destructive global climate.  In addition to responsible garments, Kelcie melds this effort with creative design applications— each piece one of a kind. With flipped pockets on the ankle hem, an upside-down jean fit, and color-blocked seams, each design reflects a unique twist on traditional denim norms. Post Spring/ Summer 2020 presentation, Flaunt spoke with Schofield to discuss the past, present, and future of CIE Denim. Tell us about the inception of CIE. CIE was started from our two core silhouettes - our upside-down jeans and shorts. I wanted to create an item that made heads turn (literally) but could also be worn day to day. How do you aim to be a new and unique voice in the industry of denim? Every piece we come out with should have something that gives it an extra spark. We’re here to make unique investment pieces that you feel good about buying.  How do you view sustainability as an essential component of the current fashion climate? That’s exactly how I view it - an essential component. Sustainability, for me, is a non-negotiable for any new business to find success in the current climate. Since I launched CIE in 2018, there has been a noticeable change in the industry and how customers view their clothing.  What are your efforts in regards to sustainability? Explain your “slow-fashion” philosophy. I have two sustainable mediums I work with right now. The first and the essence of what built CIE is reworked vintage. Even for our knits, we reworked Hanes T-shirts. Using fully recycled materials creates an exciting challenge for each style that I enjoy working through. For the sustainably manufactured denim that we source through Naveena Mills, we do fully “new” jeans made entirely from the Naveena fabric as well as combining the new fabric with vintage materials.  How do you believe denim will evolve in years to come? I think sustainability will continue to be a driving force in the denim industry. My hope is that companies established and emerging will embrace responsible practices. It’s slowly transitioning, but it’s not quite there yet.  What’s next for CIE? More learning and growing! We plan to push the brand into unexplored territories, whether it’s new materials or new silhouettes.  Clothing: CIE Denim SS20 Photography by: Phoenix Johnson Model: Lyn Hersh Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli. Creative director Wil Beedle hosted an event in honor of AllSaints 25th anniversary.  Accompanied by musical guests such as Flaunt Fave Arsun Sorrenti, the night was a classic celebration at Chateau Marmont’s bungalow 1. Hoards of the coolest kids hung out chain smoking by the pool while a DJ set by Hateboy got the rocking crowd weirding out to some house tracks. The influence soaked crowd included Ariel Beesley, Bec Adams, Ally HilFiger, Amanda Steele, Eddie Mitsou, Gavin Turek, Finneas, Kate Parfet, Kilo Kish, Marta Pozzan, Rainsford, Salem Mitchell, Sara Cummings Zach VIlla, and a host of other Beauts. Photographed by David Vassalli. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The contemporary retail concept, Maiden Name, is the brainchild of Alix Freireich, and David Lê. While the founders met at Vassar College, they reunited to bridge a gap in the interconnected realm of e-commerce. With assistance from Jesse Hudnutt and Susan Lee, the four embark on a journey to reconnect the roots which link fashion and fine art.  Following a seasonal calendar, Maiden Name will organize its collections as an online, and interdisciplinary group show; showcasing exclusive artist collaborations alongside in-house women’s apparel. Like a chest full of curated gold, Maiden Name may hold the key to your future treasures.  In a recent conversation, Flaunt spoke with the founders to discuss the start of this forward-thinking, art formed, and eco-minded community. Tell us about the genesis of your retail concept, Maiden Name. Maiden Name really emerged out of our own sense that we didn't have a place where we loved to shop. It also came out of an acknowledgment that we spend a lot of time shopping and consuming media online, and those activities all seem to take place in the same dead, zombified e-comm context. So when we found ourselves with an opportunity to share work we love, made by people we love, alongside the apparel we make, it felt like there was an opening to use e-comm differently. We call ourselves "Maiden Name" because we want to highlight the people and stories (the "maiden names") that usually get erased when things enter the public sphere. And we wanted to keep this feminist gesture, insisting on a kind of independence, even as we credited those that came before us. Tihngs by Eric Oglander Photo by David Behl What are your thoughts on the link between fine art and fashion? We think about this a lot, in part because we need to protect the fine artists we work with, and an association with fashion can make their work seem trivial. That's just a fact, even though, by and large, we think it's bunk. We think of artist/designers like Sonia Delaunay, or photographers like Grete Stern and Ilse Bing, who all straddled the worlds of art and fashion and did great work (a full century before Sterling Ruby and Cindy Sherman!). That's why we highlight them on our Instagram @maiden.name.store. But we do recognize the need to let art and fashion excel on their own terms. We want to produce fashion that's technically perfect, that's beautiful. Our objects are freer, in some ways, to be about other things––they can be "about" history; they can be weird, or conceptual. What unifies everything is our sense of our customer's needs––they want beautiful, thoughtful, well-made clothes, and they want to collect beautiful, thoughtful, and well-made objects. What influenced the first womenswear collection? The collection draws on Alix's archival research, so it brings together 19th-century reference pieces and touches of the 1970s, modernized and rendered in high-quality materials. The Zoe Shirt, for example, is modeled on an Edwardian grandfather shirt that was still in great condition because it was made in silk. Ours is silk too, and we hope it also lasts a century. We describe the core concept as "70s Renaissance Fair," which sounds odd, but the end products are all meant to be totally wearable and versatile. We want them to be sexy and smart. And it felt like that was missing from what's out there now.   How does sustainability play a part in your collections? Sustainability is core to what we're trying to achieve. We make everything here in NYC, so it's a local supply chain. We use deadstock material, and because our production runs are so small, the wastage is minimal. More broadly, we need to slow consumption down (which is an odd thing for a fashion company to acknowledge). But we want customers to buy less and buy better. Our next step is to scale up in ways that will allow us to ensure sustainability from raw materials to end product. That's a challenge, particularly when you're small. You feature collaborative work with Paul Arnhold’s hand-blown glass and Eric Oglander’s collection of 19th and 20th-century folk art. What prompted the choice of these artists for your first collection?  Paul is a dear friend making very beautiful work here in Brooklyn. That was a no-brainer. We found Eric through his "Craigslist Mirrors" project (@craigslist_mirrors) his Instagram-based collection of images, sourced from Craigslist, of mirrors for sale. We thought that was brilliant. And his Tihngs project is too. Both Eric and Paul have such distinct points of view (and are making work that is almost diametrically opposed, formally). So they seemed like great partners to open the collection with. Indigo Vase by Paul Arnhold Photo by David Behl What are your favorite pieces from your inaugural collection? We love the Tamara Top. It almost verges into historical costume, but doesn't, and ends up being so cool. We also love the Tramp Box, which is sculptural, and modern, and old at the same time, and the Graffiti Vase, which is kind of a twisted take on Paul's other work. And we love the framed set of Leung Kui Ting prints––they look simple, but the more time you spend with them, the more you like them. That's always the real test when you collect.  How do you envision the growth of Maiden Name? I think first and foremost we want Maiden Name to build out the line beyond shirting. We also want to have more of a physical presence. It's hard to communicate something like the perfect fit, or the beauty of hand painting without having people see things in the real world. At the same time, we want to expand our digital presence and knit together a community, folding in our friends in Berlin (at the end of 2019) and then with more cities in 2020. Photography by: Matt Grubb Styling by: Gabriel Held Model: Fiffany Luu Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   While the fashion industry is backed by an insatiable appetite for the new, we find ourselves in a current climate of trying to stay well-fed, while simultaneously reminding ourselves the importance of sustainability. These three young designers have found a way to bring forth something innovative, while also holding themselves accountable. We have Bethany Williams, conceptualizing clothing with a focus on social issues, Christopher John Rogers, designing for those influencing radical change, and Emily Adams Bode, sourcing from the past to create something for the now. Interviewed by Mui-Hai Chu Photo courtesy Bethany Williams What drew to design? My love for fabric construction, and how design can be used to find solutions. I read your mom help knit and create pieces for you. Was she ever in fashion as well? She used to be a pattern cutter for factory in Liverpool,  and now she does soft furnishings and she also does my netting as well. Obviously your family is really important to you. You grew up in Liverpool?  I was born in Liverpool but then I grew up on the Isle of Man. It’s such a small tight-knit community. Loads of things are locally produced and there weren’t many main stores growing up. How do you describe your design process? It always starts with an issue I am trying to solve and then we work with a charity that tries to talk about that issue. What issues are you looking forward to promoting? I think for the next collection I’m working with a charity that makes temporary housing for women and children. Who would you say are your inspiration or muses? I love other designers like Walter Van Beirendonck I’ve been a massive fan girl for a while. Do you have any type of life inspiration outside of fashion? I do like artists like Egon Schiele. I really love his work. My inspiration is probably my family.  What do you think are the bigger challenges you face trying to be sustainable? I think sourcing is a massive one, as is pricing, and having things available. How do you decide to up-cycle a piece? How does the process come about?  It kind of depends on the project we’re doing. We will be doing the collection and there are staples that we always upcycle. I’m trying to introduce more and more. Where do you hope to see yourself in the next five years? I would like to start my own social manufacturing project in the UK. Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy  Christopher John Rogers To start at the beginning, what drew you to design?  Anime, manga, and cartoons—especially people with special powers. The ability for clothing to help people self-actualize and to give them a newfound confidence. You grew up in Louisiana. What effect, if any, did growing up in the south have on your creative evolution?   A real sense of polish and refinement is found in the South – especially in the Black Church. Spending time with my mother and grandmother in church helped me curate an eye for the finish and cut of clothing and has been an inspiration for me ever since. How would you describe your design process?  I'd describe it as visceral. Although I try to be strategic, I'm ultimately extremely influenced by my intuition, emotion, and heavily inspired by color. As a recent graduate, what is the best advice you've received from your mentors at SCAD?  Work hard and stay true to yourself. There are always people that might be more talented or more privileged than you, but hard work and humility know no bounds.  Where do you find inspiration? Everywhere! Debris on the side of the street, mid-century couture, things my friends are wearing, et You've dressed people from Cardi B to Michelle Obama. Having worked with so many influential figures, is there a lasting moment with one that stands out to you the most?  To work with a woman that's equally revered for her intellect and passion, as well as her individualistic sense of style, is definitely a highlight. My family was also extremely proud of me, so that's a plus! Where do you see the fashion industry headed in the next 5 years?  A sense of increased accountability and transparency that's come with the proliferation of social media. I think we're going to see a complete upheaval of the traditional ways of showing and interacting with fashion. Tell us about your fall collection.  Stonehenge, quinceañeras, and Dr. Seuss. What's next?  Everything! We're working on our Spring 2020 collection and are also finalists for the CFDA Vogue Fashion Fund, so we're working our tails off! Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Where are you from, and how has that made an impression on you creatively? I’m from Atlanta. My parents were from Massachusetts, so I spent a lot of time in Cape Cod. I have this juxtaposition of New England and the South. The effect Atlanta had on me was not only the southern hospitality, but a lot about celebrating craft and culture. Tell us about the moment you knew you wanted to become a designer.   In high school, I was taking extracurricular art classes, like how to draw, technical fashion. I also took a croquis drawing class, and it must’ve been junior year that I knew that I wanted to be a designer as a career choice. I went to Parsons for menswear design and I went to Eugene Lang for philosophy. In what ways does the study of philosophy and your interest in fashion design connect? I think it’s primarily the way that I come up with a narrative for the season, and what sorts of questions in culture—my culture, other people’s culture and tradition—should be asked and should be addressed. How to talk about the historical narrative around clothing, and dressing. You’re known for re-contextualizing materials in a lot of your garments, many of which are vintage textiles. How did you get into the textile portion of it? Since I was a little kid, I had been interested in buying antiques and all of the historical narratives alongside that. We would go to all of these antique markets in Atlanta, and flea markets in New England, in and around Massachusetts. Why design menswear? I went to school for it, but I’ve always been interested in designing for someone outside of myself. Tell us about your fall collection. That collection was inspired by a narrative around gallerist Todd Alden, who is an ephemera dealer in downtown New York. I worked with him and talked to him about his life, collecting, what sorts of things inspired him to collect, where he lives, history of that location, his family history, how he came to become a curator, and the moment he opened his own gallery. Where abouts do you find inspiration? Following the life of someone and their relationship to objects, the domestic space, and the traditions that have shaped their lifestyle. Do you ever see yourself getting into womenswear? Not right now. We have a bunch of stores that pick it up as women’s, but it is traditionally a menswear brand. In the future maybe we’ll have a different conversation around that. What’s next?  Right now, we’re working on production, but really building out our own manufacturing space. Most of the collections we make in New York is made in our own studio, so building that out is the next step.  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Images courtesy Bethany Williams. Images courtesy Christopher John Rogers. Images courtesy Emily Adams Bode.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. A brand that makes style, comfort, and practicability a priority while making sure to evoke confidence, Knorts recently launched a new collection called, Scarlet Knorts. Color is the main factor of enhancing the garments’ attributes. Traditionally, Knorts has used the color blue which represents calmness, coolness, stability, and reliability, which are all components of confidence and is the signature color of their denim wear.  Knorts’ new capsule collection, Scarlet Knorts, incorporates the feelings associated with the color red. This collection aims to evoke strength, warmth, comfort, love, and power into the customers’ everyday life. Befitting to their aim, these characteristics can also support the feeling of confidence. There are future plans to create more color capsules to keep both the brand and wearers in an emotional equilibrium. This launch is partially used to spread awareness about California fires with 10% of proceeds from the Scarlet Knorts collection being donated to fire aid services.  Shop the new collection here    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   As I walk in the flagship Messika store, I’m greeted with smiles, macarons and diamonds. Immediately I felt that I had entered a world of femininity and style. The pieces are beautiful and delicate, yet powerful. Messika is an iconic jewelry brand worn by celebrities like  Rhianna, Penelope Cruz, and even Serena Williams during her training session. Valerie Messika, founder of the brand, created the trend of “everyday diamonds.” Much of Valérie’s inspiration comes from art, playing with a Calder sculpture in her father's office, absorbing from his collection various details of line, movement, color, composition, which have shaped her overall sense of form and proportion. I got the opportunity to chat with Valarie and try on some of the most gorgeous pieces of jewelry I’ve ever seen.  Why did you choose LA for your flagship store?  We are a family business so we are very intuitive and organic on how we do our business. We met a partner here in Los Angeles called Westime. They are very strong in the jewelry and watch industry. They work with Richard Mille and Audemars Piguet. They are also strong with red carpets in Hollywood so we decided it would be a good idea to open our first flagship store here. What do you hope the new store will bring to the brand?  I’m so excited because I can smell that the Americans in this area love jewelry. But they want something easy to wear, cool and light. This is the Messika philosophy; bringing a coolness to wearing jewelry that is very fine and delicate.  The workmanship and quality of the diamond is the top, but it’s cool. You can enjoy it and wear it everyday or on a big occasion. You can mix it with a casual or sophisticated style.  What was it like having Kate Moss as a muse? The moment I launched my brand 15 years ago I knew she was my muse and inspiration. She's really iconic for me. She embodies femininity, fashion and style. When I launched my brand and the philosophy I wanted to break the traditional code of jewelry. It was made for big occasions, but I wanted to make it apart of fashion and style. That’s why women like Kate Moss are so strong for me.   How would you explain the woman in the street wearing Messika?  The strength of Messika is that the women wearing it range from 18 to 70 years old. I love when I see different types of women wearing it with different styles. It’s not that we are putting a logo on the woman. We can see the personality and the style they embody with the pieces. It’s not about how rich or strong you are. It’s about the feeling and attitude that you have with your own style. It gives you self-confidence.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On Wednesday we celebrated Benetton’s new pop up shop in Santa Monica with prosecco and polaroids. Benetton Group is one of the best-known fashion companies in the world with a network of about 5,000 stores and a headquarters in Ponzano Veneto. The brand is known for its bright colors, the revolution of the retail outlet, and their unique sales network.  The new collections embody both the old and the new, featuring an exciting fusion of its classic colorful style with its newer streetwear-inspired elements. The artistic direction of Jean-Charles de Castelbajac, who is known for his iconic teddy bear coat worn by Madonna and portraits of Andy Warhol, shines through the recent collections. He recently united with the Benetton Group earlier this year, which was announced at Milan Fashion Week. He announced backstage that “The DNA of Benetton and mine have many similarities…this meeting between us is happening at the right moment, too, because this idea that desirable things can be of good quality and be affordable to many people is very interesting now…Benetton has been sleeping a little bit. But it has all this sleeping potential. And its base is very strong.”  Bring some color into your life and visit the pop up open from October 25 through November 24th!  Santa Monica Place Floor 1  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Courtesy Hublot With Halloween around the corner, Hublot stirred the cauldron to create a sapphire and emerald green Big Bang MP-11 watch. To give it its unique shade of green (not quite emerald and not quite sapphire), they used a material that has never been used in a watchcase. The material is called SAXEM, which is short for sapphire aluminum oxide and rare earth material. It is a mixture of aluminum oxide (the basic component of sapphire) with rare-earth elements like thulium and holmium.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   KAIMIN is the raising utopian brand initiating the posterity of attire. With a foundation of innovation and inclusivity, the namesake designer may well be sent from the future— sent back a couple of hundred years to propel the industry forward. Harnessing the power of the digital space, and the resourcefulness of sustainability, KAIMIN crafts intergalactic garments with a cunning dose of raunchiness. In a recent interview, Flaunt spoke with the avant-garde designer to discuss the evolution of the label, cyberspace, and the forecast of tech-induced fashion.  Tell us about the creation of the brand with your business partner Dmitri Pchelintsev. My initial foray into clothing design came in 2014 with the Zero Zero Vol. 02 project – a multi-sensory, high-tech video popup exhibition with an installation by Snarkitecture, which I was the protagonist of and also directed alongside stylist Nicola Formichetti and photographer Miles Aldridge. We had the honor of presenting the Vol. 02 book at my beloved Paris store, Colette. As part of that project, I created a stand-alone clothing capsule for the female character, and a very prominent singer ended up wearing some of my pieces in her music video. I felt compelled to create a full collection, and my very good friend Dmitri, who helped produce that very pivotal Zero Zero project, really believed in me as a designer, so we formed the KAIMIN label together in 2016. Dmitri is a creative marketer and business operator who happens to have a very strong background in finance, having spent many years at some of Wall Street's premier institutions investing in renewables, green-tech, and sustainability. Having helped grow several tech-enabled startups, he now oversees all of KAIMIN's business strategy and operations, while leading our expansion as a digitally-native brand, including the recent launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line.  How have innovation and inclusivity played essential roles in the brand? Innovation and inclusivity go hand-in-hand for me, as tolerance for new and crossover ideas breeds progress. KAIMIN leans heavily on technology in everything we do, and aesthetically we work with all types of creatives, communities, and personalities because anyone can uncover something new and beautiful, irrespective of age, race, and gender.  Besides using innovative materials, production techniques, and data analytics, the brand benefits from social media's global reach and the unprecedented direct access to talent that it affords. The Internet is a boundless creative nursery of young innovators that come from all different realms, including art, fashion, music – we love and fully utilize this cross-functionality. I grew up an outlier in a homogeneous society, so I feel my clothes have to speak to things beyond style and promote ideals that are important to me, including social and economic inclusivity, as I feel everyone deserves a voice. In addition to connecting through unrestrained creativity, I try to make items that are more accessible, including from an economic standpoint, and which still adhere to my design and high-quality philosophy – we launched SLFF KAIMIN exactly for this. What facets of New York's underground scene make appearances in your garments? The New York underground scene has this alluring aura of the forbidden, with sexier and darker undertones and the sense of a risque adventure that is addicting. During our SS20 show, for instance, we contrasted the primarily bright and colorful collection with a very dark and sexy setting, aiming for the set design to evoke a feeling of an underground party with red backlighting and a minimal, heavy electronic soundtrack. NYC subculture is edgy, extremely diverse, and creative and demonstrates some of the greatest social acceptance anywhere in the world, which really allows me to meld it with high fashion in a fun way. I love working with established as well as cool new, up-and-coming artists and personalities that grew up in this environment— I draw a lot of inspiration here for my design, music, lifestyle, and the overall direction for KAIMIN. The digital world is a key influence to the brand, hence your Fall/ Winter 2019 collection, "2081: CYBER-ORDINARY". What were your main inspirations and references for that season? Our Fall/ Winter 2019 collection explored archetypes of future beauty and was heavily influenced by such films as Blade Runner and Ex-Machina, specifically their protagonists – androids and cyborgs. I'm a total believer in the eventual symbiosis of man and machine.  In large part, that collection was about defeating the mundane and exploring and strengthening that which sets one apart, no matter the era. If today's fever pitch around privacy, sexual correctness, censorship, etc. ever leads to a dystopian control of self-expression, I'd want my clothes to declare: "when the extraordinary is outlawed, only the outlaws will be extraordinary." What's your view on cyberspace and it's distraction from the real world? I think we're in uncharted waters, and we won't be able to properly assess how good or bad this "distraction" from the real world is for a while, if ever. The cyber is already the real. There are definitely multiple ways to look at this, and it's certainly also a generational thing— just look at the debate around "screen time" for kids among young parents and scientists and the interesting arguments presented by media proponents, including Gary Vaynerchuk. All I know is that this is the manifestation of human progress, and there's no way back regardless, but to me, the benefits outweigh the potential hazards. We are now superbly equipped for improved communication and increased input – although, where the quality of consumed content, general overexposure, and the "3-second" wars are going is a different question.  For KAIMIN, Elon Musk's Neuralink can't arrive fast enough! What were your conceptions involving the recent Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, "INTROSPECTIVE PRISM"? This season, our main collection shared the runway with the launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line, which celebrates self-confidence and self-expression. The overall creative direction was influenced by the sub-conscience theories of Sigmund Freud and films like Annihilation, aiming to expose inner fears to release suppressed identity and desires— literal empowerment through self-discovery.  The collection explores two distinct notions for evolution of human form – through technology and through biological mutation. From the outside, the driver is mechanical – artificial furthering of self via machine. From the inside, the driver is bio-spiritual-- the natural furthering of self via selective mutation of flesh and mind— a physical metamorphosis through the unrestrained self. This season's motto is: "Introspective Prism – Refract all versions of self, Mutate desire and identity, Evolve in spirit and form." With our current climate reality, how do you plan to focus the brand on a more sustainable level? Being on the cutting edge is important to us to both achieve a futuristic design and to help push progress, validating applications of new technologies. We always keep an eye on the new tech that has shown promise in helping to lower the environmental impact of manufacturing, and we try to do our part by using many recycled, sustainable, and organic materials, including Better Cotton Initiative fabrics in our SLFF KAIMIN denim line. As we grow, we will continue to place greater emphasis on better production practices, safer materials, and less waste. Explain some of the laser cutting, production techniques, and 3-D print experiments that are implemented throughout your garment construction process. KAIMIN utilizes quite a bit of technology for manufacturing, content production, and branding, including 3D printing, laser cutting, digital art, AR/VR, motion tracking, etc. and we always seek to emphasize our future-forward thinking in our designs. For garment construction, we use some techniques because they create unexpected and groundbreaking visual results, while other methods actually make sense from a time and capital-intensity perspective.  We're pushing the brand's tech boundaries with the "Stratasys x KAIMIN" 3D-Print Denim Capsule Collection— the first time ever an industrial-quality 3D geometry is printed directly onto denim. We designed the intricate CGI geometry, multi-depth opacity, and colormap in collaboration with Fitchwork to make the final print. Stratasys are pioneers in the additive manufacturing space and have some of the most advanced 3D printing technology in the industry, accompanied by an inherent desire to experiment and come up with something new and cool. They wish to make everyday life better by bringing 3D printing technology to a greater part of the world faster and disrupting the fashion realm is quite big on the radar of Stratasys global creative director, Naomi Kaempfer— so what better way to help assimilate and democratize the tech for clothing than with one of the most common garments, jeans! How do you envision the future of fashion norms? I'd like to think that the future will bring abundance and innovation not just in the material sense but also in our culture and thinking, where humans will finally reach total equilibrium with nature, and each other— no prejudices— and KAIMIN clothing is but one way to represent this future. Like everything else in our society, fashion will continue to be transformed by technology, faster and more accessible information transfer, and diverse global audiences. This, of course, means a lot will change in fashion's tangible areas, like materials with never-before-imagined physical properties, more efficient production techniques, the continued proliferation of smart garments, and increased expectations of what clothing should do for the body and mind. But, to me, the most interesting changes are already occurring on the more intangible, creative side. People's unprecedented ability to communicate who they are has opened up new frontiers. In only a few years, social media exposed how varied yet similar and interconnected different cultures' tastes are, and how people of all walks of life can become influential by traversing these different planes. Being skilled in multiple areas has become the norm for many young creatives today, and this 'polymathism' affects fashion a lot. There are so many cross-functional innovators out there, and fashion definitely benefits from this, becoming more interesting and multifaceted.  What's next for KAIMIN? KAIMIN's mission is to keep innovating ourselves and keep collaborating with people that push the boundaries across the various artistic disciplines and product segments. We want to be more cross-functional and would love to do more than just fashion, even if it's in a more non-permanent format like seasonal collaborations. I wish to meet and inspire more people and to learn from them so we can all come up with a never-before-seen symbiosis of unlikely fields that not only is cool but also could change lives for the better and bring signature KAIMIN flavor to people in more than one way. With that said, I hope to continue building our artistic community and form a creative confluence platform – a culture nebula for local and global artists – to support innovation. To that end, we have already established an endowment fund some time ago, via our Zero Zero Project initiative, which periodically disperses funds to help finance targeted projects. And in that same vein, KAIMIN presented the SS20 show in collaboration with Studio 525, an iconic exhibition & event space housed in the former Andrea Rosen Art Gallery in Chelsea, as the inaugural project for Studio 525 Art Accelerator, which has a very similar vision to ours and aims to provide a physical place for work and showcases to artists and the creative community in general. Produced by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: : Franco Velastiqui Art Direction by: Delfina Pia Rey Styling by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Kevin Cheah Model: Cassie Priestley at Next Models. Styling assistance by: Sabrina Aguirre and Mila Sanguinetti  Credits: FW19 KAIMIN clothing, and GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI heels. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. MAX MARA dress, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. VERSACE dress, earrings, and rings and AGENT PROVOCATEUR underwear. ETRO dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, B-LOW THE BELT belt, and NANCY NEWBERG earrings. HALPERN dress, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring, and ERINESS ring. MAX MARA sweater and dress, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. PREEN BY THORNTON BREGAZZI dress, B-LOW THE BELT belt and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings. ALESSANDRA RICH dress and necklace and MIU MIU earrings all available at MatchesFashion.com, and NANCY NEWBERG rings. AGENT PROVOCATEUR slip dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace and ring, ALINA ABEGG earrings, and STATE PROPERTY pearl ring. ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER dress and scarf, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings and ring. PALOMO SPAIN jacket available at Please Do Not Enter, LA, ALINA ABEGG ring, and MISHO earring. Photographer: Vince M. Aung.  Model: Inga Dezhina. Stylist: Mui-Hai Chu.  Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co. & Oribe Hair Care at Nest Artists.  Makeup: Natasha Severino using NARS Cosmetics at Forward Artists.  Production, Photo, and Styling Assistant: Corrine Ciani Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Being Sustainably responsible in 2019 now means making some changes with how designers are choosing their resources. The female founders behind 42|54 and long time friends Elodie Ouedraogo and Olivia Borlee are both Belgian Gold metal athletes, and now business partners who strongly believe in that type of fashionably responsible involvement. It took them two a clean 42.54 seconds to win a Silver Medal at the Olympic Games in Beijing 2008. That Silver medal turned into Gold, when the winning team was disqualified due to a failed drug test. It was abundantly clear that dirty athletes have no place in sports. That’s when the Gold medalists decided they wanted to make a change. “Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes!” The contemporary active label launched its first 100% sustainable FW19 capsule collection  made of plastic bottles and recycled ocean waste. They believe that great design should also be sustainable. The brand teamed up with renowned textile companies who propose fabrics made from a fiber called SEAQUAL and NEWLIFE recycled from ocean plastics to create the new high-end "made from waste" active wear line that asserts the modern streetwear appeal.  The founders make a conscious effort to be an honest and transparent brand, by largely working with local manufacturers and suppliers.  Elodie and Olivia’s next steps will also be 100% sustainable using organic yarns working with GOTS (Global Organic Textile Standards) certified factories, hang tags produced with recycled paper along with recycled fabrics developed with fibers using the oceans waste and plastic bottles. They both are devoted to giving a second life to stock and leftover fabrics from previous productions along with biodegradable packaging. The The fashion-forward duo provide advanced functionality while calling themselves a "100% sustainable company in the way we work, produce, and live." Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. What was your biggest fear about starting your own line? We believe there are a lot of similarities between the world of sports and fashion. It is about being fearless,  following the process put in place while listening to your gut feeling at the same time to achieve the absolute best. It is about taking a leap of faith in yourself, your partner and your idea. For us creating an activewear collection that was high-end, transcendent  and made in honest and transparent conditions Felt like a void that needed to be filled within our community. There was a clear vision, which was bring some fun and fashion back into the world of sports without ignoring the functional and technical side of the garments. When we decided to launch 42|54, a reference to our winning time during the 2008 Olympics, we didn't really think about it as we both love a great challenge. We just jumped, head first.  There was a lack of experience. (We had both been guest designers for other brands, but came quickly to the realization that this doesn't even come close to owning and managing a brand.)  With that lack of real experience sometimes came also the fear of not being taken seriously. In the beginning we went probably over prepared into ever meeting we had. Not only out of respect for the person sitting in front of us, but also because we wanted to show that we were serious about entrepreneurship.  That we understood that there are no shortcuts to success Initially we also didn't communicate a lot about our backstory either. We didn't want to be perceived as two women who were the faces of the brand, while having an entire team waiting in the back to do the real and hard work. From the beginning we sourced every fabric, button, zipper, label or elastic band you'll find in our collection. Through (sometimes) expensive mistakes and failure we learned a lot. And today we are an authentic brand and a viable business because of it. Aside from the activewear, what other sustainable efforts are being practiced within your company? 42|54 has always been mindful of how and where we produce. After having represented our country in the best way possible in sports it only seemed logical to carry out the strong identity and values that Belgium has created with 'The Antwerp Six' in the world of fashion. We worked a lot with local suppliers. This put our brand already at a 50% of sustainability, solely based on the business decisions we made from the very beginning. Last year we were able to evolve in our sustainable journey by replacing already locally created fabrics by sustainable ones. We also adapted our online service by working with Repack. Repack is a company that offers reusable bags. For every bag clients return to us after their purchase, they receive a small discount. We on the other hand can recover the packaging for a new customer. Additionally we switched to biodegradable labels, we don't use plastic bottles in the office and work with a cleaning company that only uses natural and biological cleaning products. All the employees who live in Brussels, where we are based, walk or take their bike to work.  What was the moment or person that inspired you to produce your own line? We have always looked up to and been inspired by strong female athletes and more so in the 80's and 90's. These were absolute fun times where athletes didn't only stand out with their extraordinary performances, but also by the way the dressed on the field. Women like Florence Griffith and Jackie Joyner-Kersee wore leotards, belted bodysuits, one-legged  and lace leggings. They highlighted their personalities with exciting, daring activewear.  But of course we don't have to look too far. We are surrounded by strong women. Our mothers, sisters, friends and colleagues. 42I54 is built by women, who work very hard every day to create the best possible collection for women. Our sustainable mission on the other hand comes from a very personal experience.  We initially won a silver medal during the Olympic Games in 2008. Eight years later that silver eventually turned into gold when that winning team was disqualified due to substance abuse discovered during a large series of retesting.  This had a major impact on the on athletes worldwide. And while many of us became strong advocates for clean, drug free sports we are less outspoken when it comes to clothes we wear while performing. We felt this too has to change.  Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes.  Sportswear made in honest conditions and without the environmental strain it has today. We can no longer only applaud recognition and financial gain while wearing our low cost shirts. Because someone, somewhere is suffering because of it. Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Just for fun, what are your zodiac signs? Aries and Pisces What are you wanting to accomplish in 2020 with 42|54? It has always been our goal to become the brand that serves as today’s personal survival-kit and Wonder Woman cape all wrapped into one fashion-forward label for all women. 42|54 is for the young women we help through our 'Athlete Ambassador Program'. By supporting them with well made performance gear, we support their dreams of one day becoming professional athletes. Often big brands want to see results first and will later support in anyway possible. We believe talent need’s to be nurtured when  personal budgets are insignificant or non-existent. Today we are proud to announce that 3 women from our ambassadors program will participate in next year’s Olympic and Paralympic Games. We are most definitely also the go-to brand for women who like to have something that is different. Today many women try and balance a career, family and personal time. Finding an outfit that accommodates that lifestyle can be quite the search. The idea to have a legging that has the advanced functionality you'd expect from activewear, yet the high-end look and feel that makes it chic enough to wear outside the gym is very appealing to a lot of women. A winning combination we can offer to our women as we can pull from our own experience and expertise. On top of the need to be unique or different, women want to be informed on what they are putting both in and on their bodies today. Furthermore we would like to continue to develop our sustainable journey and dress as many great women in the US as we possibly can.  We had the opportunity to visit LA recently and it is inspiring to see how a city has succeeded into merging sports into the everyday life. It embodies the definition of an 'active lifestyle'. What were your childhood ambitions? Elodie: I always wanted to be a hairdresser or own my own cafe. That was until I realized that being a bar owner entails more than just serving great coffee. Olivia: I wanted to be a florist. I think I have always been inspired by beauty and making beautiful things. In what place are you the happiest? Most productive? The school of Sports is a great one to graduate from. Being professional athletes has taught us many life lessons. It teaches you to be independent,  winning, losing and how to persevere. Through our careers as professional athletes we have had the privilege of seeing a part of the world and experiencing different cultures and people. We are very appreciative that to this day we get to travel for work from time to time and see our designs come to life in our factory. Funnily enough, the traveling in the past also taught us the importance of home. And how it remains the happiest place for us. It is also where we get most creative. Before we were able to rent our own office space we used to work out of the kitchen. Today we still come up with the best ideas when we are surrounded by the feeling of familiarity. So thank God for WhatsApp these days. How do you live a sustainable life outside of the company? It is important to stress that we are by no means green warriors or examples of how to live a sustainable life. But we 100% get the message and understand the urge to react today. We all have different battles to fight in life but we are convinced that with little effort we can already make  a big difference. A few changes that we have made:  -no to fast fashion; buying less clothes and smarter -no more plastic bottles and additionally be more mindful of the use of plastic in general -buying fresh and seasonal fruit and vegetables instead of pre-packed food,  -reusing the same bag instead of buying a new one for groceries,  -sort trash -the use of natural cosmetics -leave our cars in the garage if not needed  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Published for the first time and celebrating 50 years since the works were created, ‘DESIRE’ by Lloyd Ziff documents New York City in the late 1960s. Ziff’s work captures a New York teeming with fantasy and rebellion. The book tells a story of cultural resistance through Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe.  ‘DESIRE’ was the first photo shoot that Patti and Robert had together. The two of them were photographed in their Hall Street Space in Brooklyn in 1968 and in Ziff’s small apartment in the heart of Greenwich Village in 1969. The book features 65 previously unpublished works including street photographs, original contact sheets, and notes that form the history around 1960s New York and the lives of these two iconic figures. The intimacy between the two paints a picture of the city at this time, pushing their icon status aside to view the city with a more personal lens. 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff “I myself never felt comfortable doing anything with the pictures. Then in 2009 Patti phoned and asked me for permission to publish two of the Hall Street portraits in JUST KIDS, the first portraits of them together she noted. 41 years had passed. . . Robert and Patti had become legendary. Robert and I had remained friends until he died in 1989, and I had enjoyed commissioning and publishing photographs of his when I was the Design Director of House & Garden, Vanity Fair, and Condé Nast Traveler in the ’80s. Now it’s been 50+ years since I happened to see Robert and Patti crossing the street near their place in Brooklyn. The photographs we shot then are, as are all photographs, documents of a particular moment in time. They have also become documents of a time when two of America’s most important artists were very young, very beautiful, and very ambitious. It amazes me to share those moments from so long ago today.” – Lloyd Ziff, 2019 100 “Strictly Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff, with a “Limited Edition” signed and numbered C-Type print. 500 “Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff. Available now Photos courtesy of Lloyd Ziff and Avenue Communications  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker. HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  FALGUNI SHANE PEACOCK bodysuit, HARDEMAN chaps, BUSTED BRAND gloves, PLANET I sunglasses, and MELODY EHSANI earrings and DALMATA choker. It’s been just over a year since Doja Cat’s “Mooo!” swept the screens of millions across the globe. And unless you’ve been living under a rock, the American singer, rapper and producer begs no further introduction. With that said, in case you have in fact been dwelling beneath stone, then you should know that the future of music is Doja’s for the taking. With her 2018 claim-to-fame music video sitting atop 50M views on YouTube, and her most recent visual release for “Juicy,” featuring Tyga, breaking 20M in two weeks, the musician’s growth is unshakeable, having cemented her place through sweet sonics and visuals that pack a punch. As she so bluntly claims over the phone from her apartment in Los Angeles, “It’s only the beginning. I feel like I really know who I am and what I’m doing with my next project.” The bovine-style music video released last August would eventually flourish into a viral meme. “I didn’t mean for ‘Mooo!’ to get as big as it did,” she admits. “I had more serious music to put out, I’d been working on so much other stuff, but once I put the cow costume on, I had to do it. It was the only way I could get it out of my head,” she explains. Within days of the abrupt upload to YouTube, the video had racked millions of views. The dairy dreamscape was by no means Doja’s introduction to the music industry. In fact, she had been signed to RCA Records since 2014, after the successful release of her debut single, “So High.” From there, she followed up with several tracks, including “Go To Town,” off of her debut studio album in 2018. “Before ‘Mooo!,’ we hadn’t really gotten any viral hits, or had any hits, period. We were doing okay, but things weren’t at their fullest potential. That was the most significant part about ‘Mooo!’ going where it did—it allowed all my other work to have a foundation and have a pull.” Taking a moment to consider the past whirlwind year, she reasons, “Since ‘Mooo!’ blew up, it’s been kind of non-stop. I don’t know if it’s really allowed me to reflect, but I feel like I’ve refined my style and refined who I am. I kind of have to have the spotlight on me.” MATT SARAFA coat and GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses. MATT SARAFA coat, ABODI bodysuit and boots, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and NOÄ earrings. The spotlight she speaks of shines focused and fixed, with no intention of moving elsewhere, but as a consistent subject of such recognition, Doja Cat has experienced two sides to the coin that is internet fame. Since its inception, the Internet has proven an untamable beast, and the environment it has bred has developed twice as feral. Through public domains like Tumblr to TikTok, and YouTube to Twitter, a vast stretch of subcultures and trends have been cultivated. On opposite poles of this digital sphere, there stands viral fame and cancel culture. It’s no secret that the musician has faced multiple controversies regarding comments she’s made online, and it’s even less of a secret that the public is quick to mobilize on social media. After old tweets resurfaced of the artist using derogatory terms towards other rappers, a rallied audience of critics made it its mission to take her down. Admittedly hurt by some of the criticisms, she reasons, “I’m not invincible, I do get hurt by some comments. I’m not superhuman.” Immediately requiting, she follows up with, “But being raised on the Internet gives me the ability to know how to deal with negativity most of the time.” Then, at once in a final stride, she claims of her presence online, “It’s just a small portion of my life.” And just like that, if we’ve learned anything in 2019, it’s that you can’t cancel Doja Cat. HARDEMAN top, thong, and hat, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and DALMATA necklace. Fresh off the release of a new music video with LunchMoney Lewis for “Make That Cake,” while still riding the success of “Juicy,” she’s traveling cross country for performances and appearances on a weekly basis. In the age of virality, such sustainability is impressive. That said, she’s in no way the first artist to have a viral hit catapult their work to an unfamiliar stratosphere of celebrity, and certainly not the last. We’ve seen fellow musical phenoms like Mason Ramsey and Megan Thee Stallion reap the benefits of a trending tweet and hashtag or two. Could it just be that we’re experiencing the dawning of a new age in music? An educated guess would reason, yes. With democratized media-sharing platforms like Spotify and SoundCloud, there’s been an inevitable boom in bedroom pop-stardom. Not only that, but with the increasing irrelevance of labels across younger generations, classification proves less important in not only topics of gender, but music, too. Lines blur across styles nowadays, with artists coloring the outsides more than ever. In attempts to maintain order through categorical standards, we see the term “Alternative” tacked onto the classic genres we’ve come to know. I LOVE PRETTY skirt. I LOVE PRETTY skirt and BUFFALO LONDON shoes. Prompted to describe her forthcoming record, Hot Pink, in three words, she replies with little to no hesitation: “Too. Many. Genres.” Declining a subscription to any one breed of song, the response points to her exploration of sound, a progression of her euphony, and the future of music. “My last record is a lot different from this one because I didn’t understand what it was to be in the studio and in an environment where there’s a bunch of musical equipment,” Doja shares, candidly. “I was young, I was a teenager and I really didn’t know who I was. My character wasn’t really shining the way it does now. I can tell you Hot Pink is one of the best things I’ve done, the best project I will have ever released.” Then, implored to divulge more about the release in detail, she retracts to the previously implemented three-word limit: “Super, duper, mystery.” So while Doja—who won the world over with an onomatopoeia in 2018—makes a favorable case for the future of music today, her own music remains as ambiguous as it does full of promise. Photographed by: Julian Buchan.  Styled by: Katie Qian.  Hair: Frankie Payne using Oribe at Opus Beauty.  Makeup: Jadyn Ngo using Surratt Beauty and Artisbrush.com at The Visionaries. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj Photos by Steven Klein Think metallic, high-end glamour with a neon pink accent. Think barbie doll in outer-space. This iconic FENDI and Nicki Minaj collaboration is the perfect combination of bold yet sophisticated.  Teaming up with Silvia Venturini Fendi, the duo created the next chapter of the FF Series with a line for women’s, men’s and kids: FENDI Prints On. Nicki is known for her body-hugging clothing and most of the line is just that, but she beautifully contrasts it with leisurewear and classy pieces. With the FF logo covering the majority of the print, this line is nothing but eye-catching.  They took staple pieces that everyone needs in their wardrobe and added their own flare to it such as:  tulle dresses, reversible puffer coats, asymmetric body-con dresses, raincoats with leather sleeves, silver tracksuits, bomber jackets with knitted sleeves and metallic windbreakers.  This collection would not be complete without some daring accessories, and that is exactly what they have provided us. They have everything from sequined bags and fanny packs to customized snow boots and wedge trainers. These accessories will take any outfit to the next level.  They went above and beyond and created a collection that embodied Nicki’s personality along with high-end fashion and street style.  The FENDI Prints On capsule collection will be sold in 52 FENDI boutiques worldwide and on fendi.com from October 14th.  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj   Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj                    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   69 shirt, JEAN PAUL KNOTT pants available at Please Do Not Enter, and NIKE shoes.   Brooklyn born and LA based producer and artist, Kingdom, is bringing back is clubby and unique dance music to the industry. With two new EPs, the first one called “EXTERRA, Vol. 1,” on the way and an album coming in 2020, he is back in the realm of dance music, but keeping true to his innovative style.  All the way from the east coast, Kingdom was booked to perform in LA in the early 2000s, which gave him a foot in the door to the west coast’s music scene. From here, he has continued to expand his musical capacity and does not abide by genres or any type of limitation; with experimental taste and a desire to create, he strives to generate music that he loves and that the audience can appreciate/value.  He was kind enough to join me for a phone interview in which I asked many questions, hoping to find out more about him as a person and his career.  I know that Nacho Nava kind of helped bring you to LA, how did he influence you? I was DJing a lot in New York, but he was the first person to put me on a flight and bring me to the west coast to DJ. I think that the influence he really has is that he was putting people on like me who didn’t have any other shows or have a lot of hype or a lot of press or anything like that. He really just believed in the new talent and was always just so generous with that regardless of how well the show did or anything like that. It was really just like he was excited to put people on and it never seemed like it was something he was doing for his own to serve his own interest. It really was something he was doing for the community in LA. Specifically, influential in creating a really special scene on the eastside of LA. I think most people will associate like the gay scene with the west side, West Hollywood scene, which is so specific and there really wasn’t much going on on the eastside maybe a couple bars, but he was the first to create a really vibrant night life scene that involved art and dance and all different kinds of Djs of all different races, but also it wasn’t just a community vibe, it was also like he was bringing really really good music and reall really amazing performers, so it also drew in just from straight people music fans who knew that Mustache would have more edgy stuff, so it wasn’t just creating an alternative it was also just about quality. He had such a good eye for innovative stuff.  FENG CHEN WANG jacket available at Please Do Not Enter and ALLIGATOR JESUS bracelet. What was it like working with Nacho Nava cause I know you guys were working on a Netflix show together. Working with him was always a pleasure. He was always just so sweet so generous and he was just a great figure and really supportive of my label and my parties too. He would always, without me even asking, support a face of mine or event that I was doing that had nothing to do with Mustache. He was always so sweet. More recently, that’s actually kind of why the music video is dedicated to Nacho because basically I met the video director through Nacho. Nacho put us together in a conference call and basically we started talking and they had planned to bring some type of documentary for Netflix about kind of the more alternative more POC side of LA nightlife, specifically gay nightlife and queer nightlife. It was really just in the early stages of talk. We really didn’t get it off the ground, but Shahana, the director, was gonna obviously be on the director’s side and working on the shots and the camera stuff and all that. They wanted me to come in and add music to it, but essentially throw in some different raves and help bring in music so that we could create some events to film because there’s not, sadly there’s not a lot of footage of a lot of the old Mustache parties. They’re relatively undocumented, so that was the idea, but I think when he passed Shahana felt like it didnt’t make sense to pursue it still. It really was Nacho’s project. It was really just a conversation, but even just that concept was inspirational and meeting the director is kind of what spawned us to create the music video together in honor of him.  It seems like Nacho has been really influential to kind of your start here in LA and the music scene, but has he influenced your work at all kind of like maybe the beats you decide to use or the music has he influenced any of it? Since he’s not a musician or DJ himself I wouldn’t say it’s a direct influence on the actual sound. I’d say he’s more of an influence when it comes to throwing parties and bringing people together in the community and just showing people kindness and more of the things I spoke about a moment ago. Just about the social element of music more than the sound exactly, but I know the sound he likes and I think he had an appreciation for the sounds I work with.  MEALS shirt and pants. How does it feel to be in the genre again? It feels really good. I feel like with my last album Tears in the Club I was in a very kind of like atmospheric moody RnB space and ever since that album came out I’ve been doing more vocal production, working with singers, and I worked really hard launching the new singer that signed to Fade to Mind called Semma, so I’ve been really in that zone of creating something for vocalists and when I’m doing that I sometimes put aside exactly the Kingdom sound and I’m trying to create a universe for the singer that gives them a unique identity. It’s just a totally different assignment. It’s a different thing and it’s a different lifestyle too. It’s a lot of hours spent helping singers songwrite and it definitely tested my patience a lot of the time because I’ve spent quite a bit of time with several vocalists making demos for their projects and singers make hundreds of demos to test their project. A lot of time your beat doesn’t get picked or they go in a different direction or sometimes the vocalist is just caught up in other stuff and they don’t even release something. I might have been so in that world, so it was really refreshing to just kind of stop accepting bookings to do vocal sessions and I think it was kind of a reaction to doing all those vocal sessions that made me really want to just get back into my more ravey, clubby, housey references and it’s kind of also where I started. My first release ever, “Mind Reader,” was very kind of hard, weird, dance stuff, so I’m kind of going back and starting from scratch and starting from the beginning again and it just feels really good. I’m just excited to put stuff that’s more high energy and I’m DJing a lot right now, so it’s exciting to just play things that I can blend and just be kind of weird again cause I think working with vocalists it’s a lot more compromises, a lot more catering to them.  Do you have any inspirations for creating music, like are there any other artists that you look towards to or does everything just come from within? There’s definitely artists I look up to. Sometimes I freeze with the question because there’s so many that I have. I would have to say Rod Lee, Terror Danjah, and Darkchild. YOSHIO KUBO jacket and stylist’s own glasses. Would you ever mix different genres together like if you did RnB and dance music? Or is that something that you’ve already ventured into before?   Even though I do make some fully RnB sounding stuff, I kind of think that’s really what I’m known for even though the new stuff is pretty clubby, but I think you can still hear these little shreds of like the vocal stuff, the vocal samples. I think that RnB element is always there. That’s pretty much my mission, either I’m weaving back and forth or I’m weaving them together just kind of RnB sound with the club sound. For the next volume, I’m making another volume of the EXTERRA series and that one’s either gonna have more of the vocal stuff in it and I’m also working on my next album. I’ve got a lot of homework right now. I’m bringing in more vocal stuff as it progresses from my EP to my next album.  In regards to the vocal production, is there anything you look for in an artist when you want them to be on one of your songs? I love weird vocal textures. I just love when someone has a baby voice or has a strange croaky texture or has certain types of node that they like to hit. Just something that sets it apart because there’s so many people that sound so similar. And someone who’s not afraid of intense rhythm cause I think a lot of singers come from the studio wanting a really simple beat or something that sounds like their favorite, you know, Ella Mai song or like H.E.R. song or maybe a Corella song they heard or something, so I think someone who is down to get experimental and doesn’t mind sampling their voice. I’m especially also just addicted to high voices. I love falsetto. I’m known for working with women, which is my favorite working with female vocals. If I’m working with a guy he definitely has to be able to channel his feminine side. I don’t really like to work with men who wanna sing about the macho shit on the mic like I’m way more into men who are singing. you know explore both sides  MEALS jacket and pants. Do you have a certain process of producing or like how do you kind of create your songs? I’ve always been a drummer, so I feel like when I’m on my own making beats I always start with drums and just playing with different drum sounds and I finally, after years of not doing it, started to create my own drum kits and drum packs, so I have my own custom samples that I’m playing around with. When it comes to singers usually they’ll just freestyle over an existing beat. With Sema, the artist I recently signed to my label, she was one of the first people that I really just improvised with and sometimes she would just come in and she would start singing something first, so that’s a totally different process like kind of working in reverse and working from what her voice is doing.  Do you have any stories of the first time you met MikeQ or Ms. Boogie? This new EP I just put out, EXTERRA, Vol. 1, is kind of a throwback to the beginning of my career in many ways. One of them being that I’m returning to dance music and making just like much clubbier, harder material than I’ve made in a long time, but it also actually has two collaborations with artists that I’ve known for I think over a decade. Me and MikeQ and Shane Oliver from Hood by Air were the three Djs who got booked to DJ this artist named Reshaw Newsom. He had a party for one of his art openings. I had actually been a fan of Mike from MySpace and his website for years already and when I finally met him I just completely fanned out and got to play a track. My set was pretty much like MikeQ and Ivana Lore who’s like another ballroom legend. I basically played all super hard underground ballroom voguing music. I don’t think that Mike was expecting that from me necessarily and actually Mike went out on the dance floor and started voguing and he’s not a voguer, he’s a DJ. He rarely ever actually hits the dance floor and vogue. That was back when we Dj’d on CD so that night me and him like traded CDs and he gave me his CDs from his like case logic and I gave him CDs from mine. Ever since then we’ve been in touch and he’s producing music on my label as well, but he’s kind of hard to nail down and get a studio session with, so I’m just really excited to me and him having a track together 10 years later finally. My very first party that I threw on my own in NY was called “Club Vortex” and it was like in the back room of this art space, so it’s not really a venue at all and they didn’t have any security or anything and I think after the first one the word kind of got around cause you know under age kids are always looking for those very few places that they aren’t going to card, so I think word got around that there was this party happening that wasn’t carding and that was super open and fun and a few friends of mine actually showed up with Ms. Boogie at that very first party and me and her hit it off. She kind of got in a little bit of trouble that night. There was kind of like a little bit of a tussle on the dance floor and I think some wigs got pulled, but it was a pretty crazy night and that was before she was even just vocals, so it’s been amazing to see her progress into rapping and making music and I just love what she brings to the track. Saturday Kingdom performs with an Allstar roster including Bae Bae, BrownSkinHazel, Total Freedom and Uniiqu3 get tickets HERE Photographed by Alligator Jesus. Styled by Ally Nikoltchev Produced by: BJ Panda Bear Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. It was a family affair as last night UGG threw a banger to celebrate their now campaign featuring creatives in fashion and music including Slick Woods and son, Paloma and Ama Elsesser, Kim Gordon of Sonic Youth and daughter Coco Gordon Moore, Sasha and Sergio Lane, and Luka and Clark Sabbat. The event was a dazzling event paying homage to the brands California heritage.  The brand drew inspiration from the #UGGLIFE  campaign family-focused narrative highlighting the relationships and the spirit across generations that brings families together along with inspiring and challenging one another DJ’s and eyewear designers Coco & Breezy curated the events soundtrack. Staying on theme with a musical performance by SoCal local indie punk rock duo/brothers The Garden. UGG founded in 1978 by an Australian surfer originated on the coast of California. Renowned for its iconic classic UGG boot boosted by Hollywood celebs, and fashion editors around the world, the brand has extended into apparel and accessories with recent collaborations with the brands like Y/PROJECT and Eckhaus Latta. The evenings launch also featured the new range of buckle boots that also presented an exaggerated sole and a soon to be everywhere thigh grazing boot. After a dinner at the Roosevelt hotel, we caught up with the mama, muse, and all around bad ass Slick Woods to chat about #UGGLIFE.  Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Did you end up going out last night after the dinner at The Roosevelt? I’m a little exhausted but I don’t think I went out, I think went out went on me. How do you feel like UGG has fit into your life as a mother? UGG has been a big part of my life since the last campaign so we have been linking up. Do you feel like having a child has fit into life of the badass fashion creature you’ve always been known for? Yes, of course. I mean getting into motherhood and being an UGG mom has definitely been a big part of my life. You have really empowered the persona of the badass into this new creation, it’s beautiful. Of course, I had to slip into motherhood very unexpectedly. What do you see in the space between comfort and style? Well, comfort and style has always been missed together. I mean my style in very comfortable. Do you think simple comfort can be stylish? Yes, definitely, I am a little bit mixed with Tomb Raider, with a little bit of Kim Possible, and a little bit of, let’s say, Al Pacino. All together – that’s me What is one comfort faux pas you feel can never be chic? Broke shit… I don’t do broke shit. What is one comfort faux pas you feel we need to embrace more? Probably aristocratic shit. Like real rich nigga shit. I wish we did more of that. Yeah do more of that now! Do you see your son as following your footsteps in the modelling world? Hell no. My sons going to be a police officer or a fireman. And I’m gonna let him do that. Your film Goldie got great reviews. Do you see yourself getting more into film? No, the director was trash but my acting was fucking great. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   BUFFALO shoes. Make way for the newest edition to the female power movement, a DJ from Berlin who goes by Martafakka. With a background in Tech House, Funk House, Hip-Hop, RnB, and Afro House, she curates explosive beats that pulsate through the listener’s body causing them to not only feel Martafakka’s energy in her songs, but also having an almost out of body experience. As well, her expertise in mixing different genres creates a new kind of music and allows for a wide range of people to enjoy her work. Beyond her musical genius, she is an avid traveller, inspired learner, and according to her Instagram, is an animal lover as well. Take pleasure in reading the following interview with the creative genius.   BUFFALO shoes. Who would your dream collaboration be with? My favorites would be Dixon, Honey Dijon and Black Coffee What are you currently working on? And how is the process going? My main goal right now is to achieve the knowledge of producing myself. I have my roots in Hip- Hop and RnB and want to learn now more about electronic music especially tech house, funkhouse… I know that you have performed in Berlin, where would you love to perform next? I would love to perform in Ibiza, Amsterdam, London and New York. What is your favorite thing about performing and your fans? The best thing about djing is when you feel that people are getting exactly into your vibe and enjoy the party. What inspires your specific sound? I already traveled a lot in my life and I have been to many clubs where I got a lot of different vibe and music inspiration. What do you want your listeners to feel or take away from your music? The most important thing is LOVE, LOVE, LOVE and of course amazing energy! People should feel good and free while listening to my music. Its all about energy. What does your music creating process look like? I start with collecting my current favourite songs. After that it goes on with the main part; FIND MATCHING SONGS! It is my goal to combine all music genres with each other. There are no boundaries! Its kind of a process of course. Do you have a specific song that means a lot to you? What makes it special to you? It’s “Dirty Diana“ from Michael Jackson since I was a kid. It always hat something mystic about it…Who the f*** is Diana?!  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   REBECCA VALLANCE suit, ANDREA FOHRMAN earrings, and ANNA-KARIN KARLSSON sunglasses. She might not be a household name in America, yet, but Lila Iké has already taken Jamaica’s music scene by storm. Hailing from Manchester, Jamaica, she sharpened her teeth by performing at Jamnesia’s open mic on Saturday nights. The seaside venue (located in Bully Bay, about 20 minutes outside Kingston), has hosted many prominent Jamaican artists including Chronixx, Jah9, NoMaddz, and Protoje. The latter performer, Protoje, happens to be a Grammy nominated artist and his ears perked when he first heard Lila Iké’s music. He signed her as part of his collective, In.Digg.Nation.  Lila’s friendship with Protoje turned out to be the turn her music career needed. The signing thrusted her into the spotlight, where she’s performed alongside him at Jamaica’s Reggae Sumfest (basically it’s the Coachella for the country) with 30,000 heads in attendance then making her NYC debut at BRIC’s Celebrate Brooklyn! Concert. In 2017, Lila dropped her first official track, titled “Biggest Fan.” She wrote the song for her mother, whom she dubbed her “biggest fan.” The song’s release opened the floodgates for her solo career, with several other songs following suit. Earlier this summer, she performed on Protoje’s song “Not Another Word,” which acted as the biggest track she’s been apart of. After premiering on Rolling Stone, “Not Another Word” has graced Spotify playlists “Dancehall Queen,” and “Dancehall Official.”  While Lila Iké might hold the Reggae universe in the palm of her had, she’s not interested in classifying herself as a Reggae artist. She believes her music is more universal than to label inside a single genre. Flaunt spoke with the rising artist about her humble beginnings, treasured inspirations, and the meaning behind the words Lila Iké.  MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit and JIMMY CHOO shoes. I always like to know what influences an artist when they are writing and recording their songs. Who would you say are your musical influences? My favorite singer of all time is Garnett Silk. I love Toni Braxton, I really love Lauren Hill. All great artists in different genres and different types of music. But my all-time favorite is Garnett Silk. Why would they inspire you? Garnett Silk is my all-time favorite because of what he did for the music I don’t think anybody else did it. I feel like his voice, his style, he had a spiritual thing with his voice. Also, the fact that he didn’t get much time to do what I really think he wanted to do. Very powerful and very spiritual. How he was cut down so early almost makes me take up the responsibility, just make sure my music is on that level.  What’s your intention when performing your music? What are you trying to give your listeners with your talents? When I’m performing, I’m basically giving everything. With certain performers, You can identify with what they are saying. , You can see certain movements in their body, you can feel in your presence that music isn’t something they are doing to make some money. So when I’m performing I’m doing what I’m supposed to do, which is give it all Every artist has a different creative process when writing and recording music. What does your look like?  I search for inspiration, I don’t necessarily like writing with a pen and paper. When going through my everyday life, if a thought comes to me, i’ll whip out my phone and record it. Somethings I don’t record all my inspirations, but it comes upon you and for some people, it comes through like mediation or dancing or going different places. For me it’s all of the above. I like having conversations about different things. like learning as much as I can. I like listening to music, going to jam sessions.  ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER coat and boots, HALPERN turtleneck, and MISHO earrings. You’ve released four singles so far. What’s next? Is there an album or an EP on the way? Naturally, but I can’t say when. I am definitely working on new music.  We will keep our ears open! There’s a lot of musical genres, what inspired you to chose reggae? Is there a connection to the genre which drew you to it?  Personally, I don’t really associate myself with any particular genre, I feel like its a conscious thing. Like a work of poetry. I grew up in Jamaica, where there is lots of reggae. But I love reggae, it’s my favorite genre. I love spoken music, jazz, country music, reggaeton. But for me, reggae music is a part of me.  Are you still based in Jamaica? Yes. Rolling Stone premiered “Not Another World,” which features you working with Protoje and Agent Sasco. Are there any more collaborations coming up which you can tell us about? I recently did a song produced by Izzy which was released on the same day, so I haven’t been pushing it that much. That’s the most recent collaboration I’ve worked on but I’m interested in working with a lot of artists. I’d love to do a song with Chronixx and Koffee. These are things I have in my head that hopefully work out.  You recently performed at LA’s Delicious Pizza for their block party. Are there any more US shows coming up on your itinerary? Not right this minute, the next time I’m in America for a show is in Washington. My friend wants to come perform at his venue. Me, Sevana, a new artist called Jaz Elise, and another artist named Apollo. We are apart of their acoustic presentation. That’s the only thing I’m certain about. October 14th. Where did the name Lila Iké come from? What does it mean to you?  Lila, biblically was coined from my original name Alecia Grey. When I was born people would always shorten my name. They’d call me Leekee or Leelee. Once somebody called me Lila and I was very drawn to that name because I felt like a “Lila”. I made a Facebook account and used it as my Facebook name, it was “Lila Music.” And people started calling me Lila. Before I know it, everybody actually thinks my name is Lila.  Iké, I got that name from a friend of mine I met when I moved to Kingston. This guy had a Nigerian background. He grew up in Africa and said Iké is short for Ikechukwu, he told me that it meant “God is powerful” I grew up in a Christian home, my mom always went to church and believing in a higher being was always a crucial part of our everyday life. And I personally believe that there is something more beautiful and powerful than all of us here on Earth.  I wanted to appropriate this energy, which is the purest form of my music. That’s where Lila Iké came from.  It was great talking to you, is there anything you would like to add? I want people to know that it’s okay for them to be themselves, and they should go for whatever they want if they feel it in their hearts. If it brings them joy.   MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit. Photographed by Nolwen Cifuentes. Styled by Mui-Hai Chu. Hair: Darren Hau using Oribe at Opus Beauty. Makeup: Mylah Morales  at Exclusive Artists.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Autumn Hrubý is the founder of knitwear enthusiast and journal, Hesperios. The carefully crafted, sustainable collections express Hrubý’s philosophy of “quality over quantity,” with garments meant to last a lifetime. An extension of the brand is it’s dedication to classic and contemporary art, literature, and travel, which reveals itself in a biannual anthology— distributed internationally through art-and-design book stores, galleries, newsstands, and museums. This month, Hesperios released it’s third edition of the ongoing journal series, marking the celebration of both established and emerging creatives. From artists to chefs to filmmakers and poets, No.3 is packed with visual references, intellectual nuances, and personal anecdotes that will galvanize any and every reader. Flaunt spoke with Hrubý post-Journal No.3 launch to chat all things Hesperios. HESPERIOS founder, Autumn Hrubý. What’s the story behind the name of your line and literary journal, Hesperios, meaning “the evening star”?  My friend Evan Dando started calling me Hess as a nickname, short for Hesperios. At the time, Glenn O’ Brien and I were brainstorming potential names for my company to be. It was a long process, and he had several amusing options, but when I heard Hesperios, everything just clicked.   Of all the interviews in this issue, who surprised you most, and why?  Miranda Brooks interview. I loved discovering that she meditates with her client before each project to bless the land and ask the spirits for help.  “In Japan there is a standard practice to have a land blessing with the client and architect before any construction begins, to make peace with who has been there before, and to suggest where the spirits can safely wait until construction ends. Once construction is complete, they are invited back to bring love and a sense of being to what was created.”  Visually, how has literature and the art world influenced your designs?  Art and literature have influenced our brand in every possible way. I knew I wanted to make the perfect sweater and cardigan with reoccurring artist collaborations and less common color palettes. And of course, we publish art and literary books, which is at the heart of what we do. This has always been the idea behind Hesperios. Sometimes working with an artist on a particular cardigan will influence the range of colors for the collection, but I usually have a well-defined palette from the very beginning. I often have Maria Sibylla Merian’s books around for reference.   As fashion is the second most polluting industry in the world, how does your brand support sustainable practices? I’m glad you asked. This is a long answer, but it is the most important question I am asked. Hesperios has been called a “sustainable brand,” and I’m not sure what that means or if any brand can be truly “sustainable,” but we are trying, every day. I have set very high standards in the way I’d like to run everything. We are a small team, but we all care and want to do things differently and thoughtfully rather than arbitrarily pushing out more product. I think we’ve had a head start as a new company forming good habits in the early stages, rather than having to unravel detrimental ones later on. Even so, it’s a constant process which requires a tremendous amount of time to research alternative materials and more efficient methods of production.  It was always my intention to create a well-made, high-quality product that would last forever and age well. Our collection began with a sweater; designed as something you can keep as an heirloom— quality over quantity. We produce two seasons a year, with limited releases in between, all of which are produced in low quantities, so we aren’t sitting on excessive inventory.   We also recycle our inventory in a way that I’m proud of. In our last three collections, we selected a few styles from our inventory, like our Gayle or Lou knit tank, and combined them with pleating to create our signature Paloma and Lola dresses. Our collection also consists of a core library of year-round knits, which means we can keep these on our website longer because they technically don’t fall out of style. If we have inventory in a color that hasn’t sold as well, we dye it sustainably. Timeless and well-made products retain their value.  All of our wovens are produced locally in New York City. This reduces the waste of packaging and shipping materials. We try to use as much deadstock, antique, and recycled materials as possible. We will never produce leather, and we’ve kept our material options to a minimum. I don’t plan on using cashmere or wool. We plan to use 100% organic cotton by next year, and we’re also in the planning phase of bringing our knit production in-house, so we are in control of all phases of production.   I wish building a company was just about telling stories and making beautiful things, but this is such a small fraction of what is required. There can be a myriad of factors and variables which influence every decision and sometimes can be overwhelming. But we approach everything with thoughtfulness and integrity in mind.  I’ve been a vegetarian for 18 years, and I’ve always been conscious of my environment. When I was 20, I lived on a permaculture and biodynamic farm in San Miguel de Allende, and when I moved back to the states, I viewed our resources differently. I think this experience has informed my life decisions going forward, and I’m constantly reminded of those lessons. I recently sat through the Earthlings documentary and was completely shaken. It takes you through all the industries that rely on animals and how corrupt so many industries are. After watching this, I wanted to begin taking steps to become vegan. I also became overwhelmed with all the lifestyle choices associated with this decision and that if I became vegan, I would want the brand to be as well. Suddenly, becoming vegan was harder than anything I’ve ever thought about doing, especially regarding fashion. Right now, I am gathering the facts so that it isn’t an overwhelming transition. Leather is everywhere. There is no reason when there are plenty of alternative materials to use for a handbag or a shoe. But then, you also have to be knowledgeable about how those materials are made and the waste or toxic threats they could be creating.   Patagonia has been a big inspiration for my colleagues and me. My best friend, Miye McCullough, is our Director of Operations, and she has a background in Conservation, so we are always talking about sustainability. She recommended a book called The Responsible Company by Vincent Stanley and Yvon Chouinard. It has been my ongoing resource for information. I recommend this book to everyone, both personally and professionally. You can learn from their past mistakes as a company, how transparent they are, and what they did to learn and improve not only their production but practices on a global scale. The bottom line is that it takes a community effort to create change. The book is also a reminder that while mistakes are inevitable, what counts is how we solve each problem.  Everyone on our team has a genuine interest in sustainability. We enjoy the research process equally as much as the creative one. I’ve been a member of an innovative design library ever since we started, which gives architects and designers access to sustainable, biodegradable, recyclable, certified organic materials around the world. They have an actual library you can walk through and scan swatch cards; giving you instant access to suppliers who produce bio-leather from pineapple juice.   I don’t want to turn a blind eye to our ecological crisis. If I’m made aware of something that isn’t right, I will go to great lengths to try and correct it and make it better. But I have to remind myself that it cannot happen overnight.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 Drop 1 launching today, October 8th, Zara aims to release their variations on the here to stay khaki and uniform stylized core pieces. For decades in DIY culture, core basics have been used as representation and a source of visual language to identify rebellion and counterculture. These two characteristics are still used as the main sources of inspiration to highlight individual style and remain part of being unbranded in a capitalistic society. As well as being inspired by figures involved in the arts, musicians, actors, artists, and so forth. Zara is taking classic clothing archetypes with this new SRPLS CHPTR 03 line, consisting of outerwear, shirts, pants, and accessories, remixing them with new proportions, cuts, and sews every release to give a new meaning. This will be the 3rd instalment of Zara’s bi-annual SRPLS collection, showcasing men and women collections as in the past, but for the first time a kid’s line will be available. The collection speaks on the military influenced clothes that have become part of the world’s wardrobe vernacular for the past 60 years in popular culture. Made from premium materials, in limited edition with three releases each season. The collection will be available online and in select stores across the US, Spain, Germany, UK, France, Italy, Poland, Japan and China. Photos courtesy of ZARA Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Gucci has begun accepting applications for the North American Changemakers program, which includes its $1.5 million Scholarship Program and its $5 million Impact Fund for nonprofit organizations, and they have brought a collaboration with DRØME Creative Director Satchel Lee to announce it. The grant and scholarship open call announcement invites young people and nonprofits to apply to be Gucci Changemakers.  Earlier this year, Gucci announced its North American Changemakers Program, working in alignment with the company’s vision for garnering a greater social impact and pushing diversity and equity forward within the fashion industry. The film announcing the open call for applications was narrated by Changemakers Council Co-Chair, Poet, and Author Cleo Wade, and allowed for young people to share their own stories. Wade stated, “Change does not happen in theory, it happens in community. We are bringing the Gucci Changemakers initiative to life by bringing not only funds, but also time, energy, and care to communities that have been historically and systemically under resourced and overlooked for too long.” Both of the programs aim to do exactly that. They give to and prioritize historically underrepresented and marginalized communities in order to allow for the advancement of the youth and nonprofit organizations hoping to create broader change, starting within their own communities.  Learn more on applications and eligibility at www.changemakersus.gucci.com. Photos and video courtesy of Gucci Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   GUCCI jacket, pants, and shoes.  BEN SHERMAN top and pants, BRUNO MAGLI boots. The singer-songwriter and actor Chord Overstreet surprised a lot of his fans when, in 2015, he left behind his acting days on Glee to pursue a career in music. The son of Grammy-award-winning country music singer-songwriter Paul Overstreet, Chord had grown up surrounded by music, which he quickly developed an affinity for. Once he formed his own band, Overstreet, the singer was already opening for Demi Lovato and Nick Jonas on their Future Now Tour. After releasing some well-received tracks, the band came along with their first EP earlier this year Man on the Moon, Overstreet is back with the new track “My Ex.“ Flaunt sat down with Chord Overstreet and discussed his relationship with music, songwriting, and his newest single “My Ex”. I wanted to ask you a little bit about your upbringing. You were brought up by a Grammy award-winning father, you have a music-related name—it’s almost as if it was predetermined that you would be involved with music. It was probably my dad’s way of nudging me out the door with a guitar in my hand. I was the third one born into my family, and there’s three notes in a chord, so my dad and mom had names like that for everybody. My sister’s name is Harmony, like a four-part harmony, and a brother named Nash for Nashville, so everyone’s got a wacky name.  How would you say your relationship with music has evolved throughout your childhood up until today?  My relationship with music started out when I was really young and my dad introduced me to Elvis, the Beatles, and James Taylor. The stuff that I responded to was the lyrical content—songs with a story that helped you stepping out of reality, just being in your head and going wherever the music takes you. Lyrics first for me is where I always go, such as James Taylor and Bob Dylan, guys who were really able to paint a world.  Branching out into your own musical career—did you always want to do that, or was it a more recent decision after Glee?  I always did it just because I grew up around it. When I first moved out to LA, I was trying to get the acting thing going, and I had my guitar—it was always there. I never thought about it too much, I just always did it. I would be writing and I would be playing. Everything I got involved in and it worked always coincidentally had music involved, it kept chasing after me. I also always had the desire to do what my dad was doing. When I was probably 17 and playing football—I wanted to play pro football—I got a knee injury and was on Oxycontin on the couch. I was playing video games and my dad was like “Turn that damn game off and write a song!” So I picked up the guitar and couldn’t put it down.   That’s amazing. It’s good that it stuck, because I remember my parents forcing me to learn the piano at a young age, and I would get so bored by it. But then, the love for music sticks with you. It’s interesting because, when you’re a kid and taking music lessons, you don’t necessarily have the drive and determination —although some people do—to push that as a kid and develop those skills. Thank God that parents make kids take lessons because when you’re older, it’s there. I’m really thankful for my mom driving me to guitar lessons. It’s about having the foresight to see that it would be useful someday. Of course, I saw my dad do it, and he obviously taught me a lot about songwriting. My dad said something interesting to me. He had a rough childhood—he came from a broken home—and yet was always very positive in his songwriting, his message was really uplifting. Somebody asked him where his inspiration comes from when he’s writing, and he responded that he always wrote about how he wished his life was, not how it actually was, how he wanted it to be. I thought that was really cool, to be able to twist anything and make a positive message out of it. I’ve learned a lot from him out of my 30 years of studying him. I was really blessed that he put great music in front of me for me to learn from versus some of the stuff that’s pretty bad [laughs].  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. From all of these influences, how is it that you came to the sound you have now? I have a lot of modern influences even just in production, with the sound and current alternative stuff. Finding your niche within that, going back and taking some older retro production vibes and going in some of that—I would say it came from a lot of trial and error, honestly, just throwing a bunch of things at the wall. I was frustrated with not having a sound, so I went back and listened to a lot of Beach Boys stuff, as well as diving into deep tracks of music, while always wanting to make stuff that lasts for a long time. You find inspiration from the best.   You’re getting what inspiration you can from different artists and injecting it into your own style. Exactly. It’s like I really liked the way they presented that sound, how they had fifty different voices way back then, and just finding your own voice within that. A lot of the stuff I love listening to is just stuff that I want to drive to. Then I did a bunch of tours with just me and an acoustic, that singer-songwriter stuff. That’s a different side of me that is there, but after a while you just want to put on a rock show, you want to have fun, you want to express yourself and do crazy shit and not give a fuck about anybody.  GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and talents own ring. That’s actually what I wanted to ask you about next, about your shift from performing solo to having a band. It makes sense that you did it like your father before with the singer-songwriter aspect, and then you wanted to branch out.  That side of it for me is about expressing your emotions. You’ll to be up there, you’re vulnerable, and pouring your soul out. The band stuff and the energy—the crowd has so much to do with it. It’s such a release to be able to express yourself, and be that big, and be that loud, and to do whatever the fuck you wanna do. There’s such a rush in that, and when you go on and perform, you just black out—from the time it starts to the time it ends. Then all of a sudden I’m going, “Wait, is it over? Did that just happen?” It’s almost like its own drug, which you can get out of the singer-songwriter stuff, but that’s a little more therapeutic, and reliving some dark, heavier stuff.  You also have this support network of the rest of your band with you on stage.  Yeah. It’s fun to be able to make music with your friends, to shake out all of your anxiety, and nerves. I’m not a great dancer, so on stage I can just do the weirdest, craziest, stupidest stuff, and not give a fuck. That’s one of the things I like. That’s the only time you’re gonna see me blow off steam. It’s almost like you turn into a different person, which I love. That has a very similar connection with me that acting does. When acting, you get to disappear for a second. GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and KSWISS shoes. I really like that, because there’s also this other side of performing that’s filled with nerves, and you’re always worried about what people will think. But when it’s right for you, you just melt into it.  Once you say, “Fuck it,” and jump off…The first time I started doing live stuff with a band, I was learning my body, and how I move, and how I do things. But then, once you rip the band aid off and learn to not give a shit, to just have fun and move around like nobody’s watching…that’s the best. Once you can take that jump, it’s fun.  Great. I’m wondering, what artists today would you like to collaborate with if you had the opportunity? I would love to collaborate with Sting or, I listened to a lot of Aerosmith growing up they were probably one of my favorite bands. I don’t know what that would sound like, but probably more so the legends. Just to be able to say I did it and pick their brain. To get into their headspace and see what their creative process is like. Yeah, I’d ask a lot of questions like, “Hey, when you wrote ‘Dude (Looks Like a Lady),’ what was the story behind that? I’d probably be the most annoying person sitting next to them, because I would be asking them so many questions. I find that the process of songwriting is so different for everybody that “What inspired this, what inspired this, what inspired this” might open your eyes to all the things around you that you wouldn’t normally pay attention to.  BEN SHERMAN t-shirt, KENZO pants, and BALLY shoes. Going off of that, I want to ask you a similar question about your upcoming single “My Ex.” The songs on your Man on the Moon EP have a lot to do with past relationships and the effect they had on you. How does this single play off that? What inspired this direction that you’re going in? I wrote this song the next day after running into one of my exes. I ran into her at the bar and she was with one of her friends, and I used to hang out with both of them when we were together. I run into this person all the time, and I ran into her, and every time I run into her she’s with her boyfriend. It’s a little odd, because he’s just a little bit odd about it. We’re cool though, I love her to death she’s super sweet. She started flirting with me a little bit, talking and drinking. To make a long story short, we hung out and afterwards I felt like she was making a move on me—not that I would’ve done anything. Then her boyfriend showed up and the whole vibe completely changed. I found all of this really interesting, so the next day when I went into the studio to write, I started working on the track with my buddy, and in thirty minutes I had the song written. The thing I thought was interesting was, what if I actually did go home with my ex-girlfriend and she left her current boyfriend? I just thought that would’ve been an interesting hypothetical situation, because once you had that relationship with somebody, there’s always something that’s underneath a little bit. You’re always wondering “What if it turned out differently?  When you’re young, relationships end for reasons that when you’re older I’m sure they never would. There’s probably a reason and a good reason it did end. I self-examine a lot of my dating life. It’s an easy thing for me to really look at that while I’m writing.  That’s a positive thing—self-examination, looking at how everything went down and how you can change for the future—it’s a very good thing. It’s very much like therapy.  Like self-therapy almost.  It is difficult to analyze yourself without you running through your own protective filter. When something happens in a relationship, people see it from a slanted view where they end up not being as harsh on themselves as they are on the person they’re breaking up with. Being that way with yourself can be tough.  KENZO jacket and pants. Very true. My final question is, you know how people usually get an impression of an artist whenever they listen to their album or a single. I’m wondering, with the debut album you’re releasing next year, is there a specific impression you want people to get of you, whether as a person or as a musician? That’s a good question. My goal for this next batch of songs is—everybody relates to love, loss, things changing. They might not relate to the exact story, but everybody has felt that way, everyone has had that emotion. Being able to really put out emotions that are relatable, that hard stuff that you don’t really want to talk about, or being able to share the good feelings. It’s about being able to emote and give people something they can relate to.  They end up feeling an emotional connection to it. They have a connection to the music. Even if it is specific to my story. That’s probably the main goal.  That’s probably the main unifier between people and music—the ability to connect with an emotion or lyric, anything about it—it’s great.  It could just be a lyric, it could be something that makes you say “I felt that way.” Even Drake with “Why you gotta fight with me at Cheesecake Factory/ You know I love to go there.” That’s funny, and it’s real. I think it’s genius how specific that is, because you can’t make that shit up.  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. It’s specific enough that you can imagine being in a similar situation. Everybody has got into a fight with somebody at a place like that. Cheesecake Factory is just—I think that’s hilarious. Drake does that better than anyone. Great. That’s it on my part, is there anything you wanted to talk about that we haven’t touched on? We talked about the sound, the inspiration…The one thing I also wanted to talk about…just the…I guess we talked about it. Letting people in and getting a good look at who I actually am and what goes on behind the curtains, what grinds my gears I guess. Especially with this new project you’re doing, it’s a new path, and for people to see that and get their impression of you, it’s really important. It’s new for me, but it’s also thirty years of  my experience in self-discovery, and giving people a look into the reality of where I’ve been and where I’ve come from, that’s really important. That’s great. We very much look forward to your new material.  Yeah, I’m constantly writing, so hopefully I’ll get a bunch of new stuff out there.  Photographed by Jonny Marlow at Early Morning Riot. Styled by Brendon Alexander. Grooming: Avian King using Davines at The Rex Agency. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   A woman with a past containing hardships to a future where she can clearly see what she wants, Diana Gordon is back with her new single, “Becoming” which is all about celebrating hard work, being in control, and having her family by her side. She is a multi talented woman who sings, song writes, produces, and is a visual artist. Diana is not afraid to be herself and through her voice and singing, she has been able to have an emotional outlet. Her music is a mix of rhythmic drums, alternative rock, and dark folk, which create a melodic base for her powerful and captivating voice.  Diana has won Grammys in the past for her songwriting and producing work with many prominent artists, including Mark Ronson, Dua Lipa (“Electricity”), Beyonce ("Sorry", "Daddy Lessons", "Don't Hurt Yourself'), and more.  Her 2018 EP Pure was described by Pitchfork as being, “marked by her striking voice and emotional candor.” Diana has an album set to come out next year and will follow the tone of her new single “Becoming.”   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The high desert has remained as popular as it was 40 years ago to getaway to, when your dad was planning a Joshua Tree trip with his buddies and forgot to pack the trail mix, as well as the good suede boston birkenstock’s.  HWY 62 ART TOURS is becoming one of the fastest growing attractions taking place over 3 weekends in October, featuring 150 artists opening their studios to showcase artwork.  Part of the fun derrives from its self-driven aspect, furtherly explained by Art Tours Director, Bill Green: “The best thing about the Art Tours is that you never know what you’ll discover. With over 30 different categories of art, you might see a tile house followed by an abstract painter followed by a sculptor. You get to choose what you want based on your interest. There are so many different artists here with unique studio spaces that you can’t possibly see them all. It’s a big reason why we went to three weekends this year.” This special desert art tour taking place under the stars will take place this month in October over the spand of 3 weeks.  Weekend Oct. 5th & 6th, the 11th & 12th, and lastly the 18th & 19th. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Photo courtesy Nike. This is what we have been waiting for. In Los Angeles, Nike is coming out with limited-edition Air Max 270 React sneakers and fleece hoodies. Not only are they limited-edition, they are specially-designed by three talented L.A. artists: Sage Adams, Jheyda McGarrell, and Gabrielle Richardson. Each artist used their stories to create a this new collection of sneakers and hoodies, incorporating their unique style and flare. Flaunt was fortunate enough to get to chat with the women, see below.  SAGE ADAMS: The NY Transplant “Designed by artist and curator Sage Adams, this Air Max 270 React is a reinvention of the classic white shoe that Adams saw in her childhood. The shoe comes outfitted with a pizza slice charm to nod to the classic comfort from her home-state, a reminder to pay tribute to your roots.” What inspired you to pursue art? For me the lack of representation of marginalized people as popular visual artists really spoke to a gap I wanted to fill. We needed more than Basquiat, we needed to know Carrie Mae Weems, Kara Walker, Henry Taylor! I needed to see more of a spectrum of the stories being told and mediums used.  Do you feel that art has opened up new possibilities for expression for you?  Art In many ways has taken over how I see the world. Before I started breaking things down into shape rather than how they ‘actually look’ was the moment I began to feel like an artist. It’s opened my mind to an array of possibilities otherwise deemed impossible. I didn’t even think I could draw as a kid. What is the process you go through when curating an exhibition? Do you have a specific message in mind? For me it’s getting to know the artist and what made them make the thing and then it’s how do these things come together to tell the story.  What connects the works, what makes them different from other pieces in archive? What medium? What does the architecture of the actual gallery space look like? Creating an authentic representation of an idea or ethos is one of the hardest and most rewarding things there is.   JHEYDA MCGARRELL: The Homegrown Angeleno “L.A. native artist Jheyda McGarrell’s take on the Air Max 270 React is influenced by her Black and Mexican upbringing. Pops of red pay homage to rose bushes grown in the front yard of her childhood home, while gold accents represent the evolving idea of opulence for Black and Brown communities. Topped off with a cherub charm, a reminder to honor traditions and use the lessons of the past to keep it moving forward.” Questions for Jhyeda Mcgarrell: How does your heritage, as an Angeleno of both Black and Mexican decent, reflect onto your artwork? My heritage is reflected in all of my work due to the heavy impact of it in my formation. The contention of growing up experiencing all these different aspects of culture and tradition is an experience many without their stories ever been told. This specific project in my mind has worked to piece together the different aspects of the different culture backgrounds, that our two cultures share. This shoe to me bridges the created tension of an American landscape. It shows the ways we are one and the ways people like me live between these different ideologies and physical spaces. It bridges the weird black kid in the white neighborhood to the dark skinned mixed Mexican kid growing up with Tias smoothing down their curls and gives us space to just be all our different facets without contention.  What was the most rewarding and challenging part of this process? The most rewarding part in this has been seeing the smile on my mom’s face when I told her I was working on a collaboration with Nike. The most challenging but also rewarding part has been working with an entire crew of people to execute an idea which is still relatively new to me. It’s so beautiful to see all these brilliant, different minds working to make something I once imagined.  What do you hope people feel when they wear your shoes/hoodie? Confidence? Individuality?  I hope when they wear the apparel they feel like they are truly reflecting their highest self. I hope they feel comfortable and free. I hope they feel every good emotion that has been out into the making and the lifestyle behind the creation. I hope they feel loved because I know I do from them.  What qualities do you see in yourself that you know you got from your family? Pretty much everything. My family is completely made up of immigrants and all of the qualities I’ve gained from their strength and preservation in a country against them is appreciated. I have learned love and a desire to improve our lives and the lives around us and to honor heritage. I have learned even the qualities they might oppose in me. I have learned to always crave freedom and to always have a strong sense of self among so many other things.  It is so amazing that you get to work with Nike to be a source of inspiration for many people. What has inspired you, and in return, what do you want your work to inspire in others?  Thank you! It is literally such an honor. I’ve been inspired by everyone around me embodying the phrase “existence is resistance”. I’ve been inspired by the black, the brown, the indigenous, the queer, the trans, the fat, the disabled, the people who make up the qualities most worth embodying, utter freedom of expression and true strength. I hope my work inspires people to follow myself and others in moving forward towards freeing themselves and seeing the value in their everyday life, even when it’s boring, even if you hate yourself, like I did once and still do sometimes, I hope they know they are important.  GABRIELLE RICHARDSON: The Passionate Traveler “Neon meets pastel in a technicolor dream in the Air Max 270 React designed by model and multimedia artist Gabrielle Richardson. The colorway exhibits the dichotomy of the modern-day jetsetter — neon being those moments of movement, and pastels representing the comforts of home. Embellished with a ‘Real’ charm, an encouragement to make creative dreams a reality without letting others restrict your point of view.” Questions for Gabby Richardson: Which place that you’ve travelled to been the most influential, or just your favorite and why? I think the most influential place I’ve ever been is in Cape Town, South Africa. It was beautiful to be in a majority black country, but still felt a sense of disillusion being in a country with such an intense racial caste system. I felt so lucky to be in Africa, a continent that felt so connected to my identity but where I had never been. I met so many young talented South African artists in Cape Town who shared their art with me, and it reinforced my drive to do better to create and facilitate spaces for young black kids globally. What do you want people to feel or think when wearing your design? I want people to feel validated, I want to give people hope. I want people to know, in our constant shared state of anxiety that we live in that there is a silver lining. I used the neon colors because they’re utilitarian colors used often in industrial and emergency settings, I offset the abrasive colors with pastels to give it a sense of softness, and a sheer window so people can show off their personality. I think the real chain is self-explanatory, what you do, whatever you want to do, that shits real, that shits valid, don’t let anyone limit you and tell you that your aspirations are fake. What does it mean for you to be a part of Nike’s limited edition collection? It feels crazy! I As a child I never thought it was a possibility for me to work in the creative world and even more of a ludicrous fantasy to be able to have my own shoe. I think it’s a testament that any dream you have can be built. This journey with Nike has been a really formative experience for me as artist, I have never been so affirmed in my artistry. I was able to direct so many aspects of the campaign from the casting, color ways, and insert in the shoe. Being believed in is a magic that I want to pass on. Everything can be real!! What does travel mean to you? Through my time traveling I’ve realized that I learn mostly through experience. Through meeting people and exchanging stories of each other’s lives, I not only gain an objective knowledge but also broaden my emotional intelligence. A willingness to learn doesn't have to only connote traditional practices of learning, an education can be childlike and involves a lot of falling and getting back up. Traveling allows to see me to see the world for the first time always, everything and anything can fill me with wonder.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    WILDFOX clothing.  WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, JF LONDON shoes, ASOS belt, and KRYSIA RENAI necklace.  WILDFOX clothing and DALMATA necklace and ring.  WILDFOX clothing, B JAMES bag, WOLF CIRCUS necklace, and FARRADAS KNITS clips.  WILDFOX t-shirt and CLYDE hat  WILDFOX clothing, ASOS headband, IMAGO-A belt, and MALONE SOULIERS shoes.  WILDFOX clothing and MISCREANTS gloves.   Left to right: WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, VIA SPIGA shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. WILDFOX sunglasses, MALONE SOULIERS shoes, FARRADAS KNITSearrings, I.O. COLLECTIVE ring, and NORA KOGAN ring.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings.  WILDFOX clothing, TIBI belt, LADY GREY earrings, and MARY MACGILL necklace.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. In a city more rife with wantrepreneurs than we care to truly consider, there are origin stories aplenty. Divided this in two, split that up, and presto! Success! Took the family business and scaled it. Had an invention idea come in a dream and now we're shipping ten thousand units. Was in the right place at the right time. Knew a guy who knew a guy and the rest is history. Often rather boring stories. But how often do you hear of success stories that originate in the club? Business is done in clubs, business is celebrated in clubs, but rarely do you witness material success be birthed in the club. Enter saxophonist and entrepreneur Jimmy Sommers, CEO of Wildfox and 100% owner of the lifestyle brand known for its sun-soaked, sexy California attitude. In addition to being Wildfox CEO, Jimmy Sommers is a partner in top shelf tequila, Perfectomundo, with multi-Grammy winning DJ and producer, Paul Oakenfold, and owns a boutique line of beautifully hand-forged eyewear, very appropriately named Sommers.  Wildfox was birthed over a decade ago. While throwing must-attend parties all over the world, and made in LA units flying fast, the company navigated the economic recession and explosion of e-commerce with a big smile on its face. The birth of influencer marketing across Instagram, however, and a glut of fast, cheap fashion brands, have created challenges in recent seasons, and Sommers is continually seeking ways in which to stay true to how his brand was built and scaled, while integrating a modern sensibility for how fashion is currently consumed. Sommers took time on the deck of his Modern home in the Hollywood Hills, to speak on the changes he's witnessed in the apparel industry, as well as Los Angeles, as well as his only-in-Hollywood story of rising to musical prominence, and in so doing, creating a platform for himself with which to meet the world and explore other ventures. In support is a Wildfox Fall '19 editorial, photographed on the azure hills of Malibu late this summer by frequent Flaunt photographer, Shane McCauley. You found your footing in Hollywood with an exceptional saxophone talent right?  Exactly, being good at something was my way in. The saxophone was my in to Hollywood, in to different events, meeting people. It was a tool. I used the sax as a tool. In college I got a scholarship for it. Then I got to take a crack at LA because I had a reason: to become a professional saxophone player. I was very fortunate to have parents that are supportive and together still, which is rare. They’re my backbone.   And what sort of evolutions have you observed in the music industry over time? The music industry is… well, it’s funny because when I came out here there was something called smooth jazz, and there were jazz and smooth jazz stations. I grew up listening to David Sanborn and Marcus Miller and their style was my key influence. I had gigs all the time. But that’s changed and so has my music career. I used to go on tour all the time. So, the radio stations changed their formats and then comes Hip-Hop. When I was out here recording, it was Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg and Tupac and that era, which was cool shit—it still is cool—but now it’s a whole new and different thing.  You actually mentioned you recorded with all manner of artists at the time, like Tupac himself? Well it just happened that Dr. Dre and Tupac’s engineer lived in my house on Sunset. That’s how it came to be. All of the sudden I was exposed to this music, so then I was playing with them… What’s interesting is that when I was out here, I played saxophone at the China Club, and the China Club is where all the musicians came. I played with Prince, I played with the Kal David band. Rick James came to play. I was immersed with all these great musicians. And what was the sort of lightning bolt moment that deepened your involvement? I was a guest at a part of John Paul DeJoria’s house, the guy that started Paul Mitchell. I was at the bar drinking Patrón with Rod Stewart, who I had just met. We got to laughing and I said, “Rod, let’s go play with the band. I’ve got my sax in the car.” I went to get out my sax and next thing we’re on stage with the band. And that’s where JP was like, ‘Wow, you’re great.’ I didn’t have a record deal at the time, but he was like, ‘How can I help you? Come to my office.’ So inspiring. So I end up playing his gatherings where ten thousand people come, all his hairdressers. He puts a package together, about a hundred and fifty thousand CDs, and distributes them at the salons, which was a catapult to me getting a record deal. It was outside the box, and that really helped me stand out from the rest. That’s what he does. He builds people up. All of the sudden, when my record was done, all of the record labels wanted some. That’s when I ended up getting into the record business with Universal. They pushed me because JP believed in me. And what a vision. He actually started Patrón Tequila 29 years ago, sold it for five billion bucks. And what is he doing now? Giving back. He’s doing great things, and he’s always done that. Doesn’t just go buy a yacht or whatever. He’s such a humanitarian. The guy is just too good to be true. WILDFOX clothing And now you’ve launched your own tequila brand, Perfectomundo? My best friend met someone that owned the best distillery in Mexico. He said ‘we have the best blend of Tequila,’ so we decided to make it. We ended up collaborating with Paul Oakenfold to do Perfectomundo tequila, which is the same name as Paul’s label. It seemed like a good fit. It’s nice to have a business with friends that you can enjoy. We started it a couple years ago, and it’s doing great, and God damn you should try it. It’s delicious! Tequila’s growing big time. And ours has been rated in several shows and tastings, it’s won a lot of awards. The problem with these big tequila companies is they can’t make it fast enough. So they pump it through, and it’s not as good anymore. Being a boutique brand, it’s small batches, and extremely good. Has LA changed a lot to you since coming here? Oh man, in so many ways. To start, there was no bottle service. You’d go out, it wasn’t all the phones with the cameras. You’d go out there, you’d talk to people, not everyone was staring at their phones. That’s just in general, not just LA. But it’s not the same as it used to be. It still is beautiful. It’s still got talented people. Beautiful beaches, you know, beautiful hills. I suppose it’s just that technology has changed.   And how did you make the music to fashion transition? Were you inspired by something in general? Being in that circuit, going to Paris, seeing all that, the fashion shows and having friends in the fashion business was major. And what goes on in London, Paris, Milan—it's so different. Music propelled me to go and experience the world and fortunately enough there came an opportunity to get involved in something else. I knew what was going on in fashion, I was going to the trade shows, seeing what people were doing out there. And to put a different spin on something was key. These two girls came and pitched an idea, something different with a t-shirt company. Oversized, different shapes, something completely different. That’s when we first launched Wildfox. And of course it blew up. Was there a key moment in time? A couple girls came to me with an idea. I said as long as it’s the coziest, softest material, I’m down. That’s what I was going for—the best materials with the right washes. But, we couldn’t even get into the majors, because we had just started. One day, a friend, Alessandra Ambrosio, said, ‘Jimmy Sommers, I’ll model for you. I’ll put your clothes on and I’ll take some pictures. But you do it! You take the pictures.’ So when she was in town, I threw the T-Shirts on her. I had never done this before, so I went to Samy’s Camera and said, ‘Give me your best camera.; It was a 5D and I said, ‘Well, what do you do? I’m shooting a Victoria’s Secret model, what do you do?’ And they just go, ‘Yeah right, sir. Just put it in auto.”’ So, I bought the camera for five grand and went and she put on all the shirts. Then Alessandra was like, ‘Well you can’t use these because Victoria’s Secret is going to get mad.’ So, I said, ‘Ok, of course not, I won’t use these.’ Then, at the trade show, I blew up the biggest photo of her, which was overlooking the whole show. People took notice, and the first order I got was a $60,000 order from Kitson. And I go, ‘How did you see us over here? We’re not even in the main show!?’ And of course they said ‘well, we saw that poster of Alessandra.’ Of course, I was in debt, so it was so great. Alessandra was the key thing. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. How would you describe the identity of the Wildfox brand, how it came to be a force? I’d say along the lines of, ‘Oh, that’s the brand with the softest material,’ the funny sayings, ‘celebrities wear it’, that sorta thing. As the current Wildfox CEO, I ensure we make all our clothes in LA, and it’s great stuff that’ll last forever. Quality. Any person that has a shirt since we started is still wearing it—I’m wearing one right now. They’re out there and they’ve got a frickin’ Wildfox—especially in LA and New York and London—they have something of ours in their closet. Now these other brands come, these fast fashion brands that have Internet money, and it’s cheaper clothes. And there’s all this paying people to wear stuff. We never had to do that when I started. And there’s a lot of that now. Yes, and the mimicry scales so fast. There’s a lot of copycat brands, but what can you do? Just be original. When I started as Wildfox CEO, we thought simply: let’s make t-shirts like butter. The softest t-shirts ever. People say that our first shirts are like fine wine. They just keep getting better and better. They don’t fall apart. Now we have to keep evolving and doing other things. From dresses and higher fashion stuff. Everyone still loves a good shirt and sweats and loungewear, but you have to watch where the world is up to. And now we’re all watching each other on little screens? Yes! Instagram wasn’t around when we started. In fact, we were one of the first accounts to get so many followers. Now, everyone’s influenced by it, which is kind of sad, because it can easily get carried away. It’s good to get these people’s support, but you know… these influencers have so much coming to them. If someone likes a brand, they’ll wear it and talk about it. I talk about a lot of things I like. But, like, one post? It’s not sincere. Left to right: CLYDE hat, JF LONDON shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. CLYDE hat, HARDEMAN shoes, stylist’s own socks, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings. And have you felt tested by owning a company, dealing with the ebbs and flows from the top? Of course. Having a company, you’re working with people, spending more time with your colleagues than anyone. It’s nice to do special things and, hey, if you can be successful and be funny as a company, isn’t that great for everyone involved? Me, being an artist, I get carried away a little and spend too much, and it catches up. This month we are restructuring our offices, tightening up my business. Now we have all these incredible new designs, and there’s excitement at first, then a little stagnancy. Like a relationship. You have to keep tooling and pushing. And do you feel the trajectory is normal for a brand, like a cycle, or is Jimmy Sommers’ Wildfox different?  There are unique circumstances to Wildfox and then much of it is normal high’s and low’s for any brand. Looking back, when you’re rising every year, a lot of big brands would call me and I gave them the middle finger because I thought everything was going to keep going up. ‘I don’t need this, everything's fine.’ But sometimes you do need someone to come in and give some help. It’s been my strategy to stay a one hundred percent owner, but I'm always looking for a strategic partner who can grow it bigger and bigger. You’re always hearing about the pitfalls of growth in the fashion and apparel industry. Any truth to that? You get cocky, but, you know, the consistent factor is you always need some really good people around. I’m still dealing with people that I find out they were faking it. It’s like, what was I doing for the last seven years paying you a hundred and twenty grand? What were you doing? Because I love it when people leave or go and you don’t even need to replace them. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. And how about outside insights or consultation? Not being from this business, I’ve hired a lot of consultants. I’ve figured out that they’ve told me everything I was already doing. With consultants, I’ve learned they’re typically the failed CEOs of their own businesses, or CEOs that got fired, and they want a lot of money. Every consultant I’ve taken aboard hasn’t changed shit. They’ll move certain things around and they’re just shuffling papers. They’ll come in and paper shuffle, and it’s like ‘Oh my God, how much money am I spending?’ So perhaps it’s more in the creative structure? Who at this stage might you think to be an ideal partner? It’s got to be a funny cat. Look at Pharrell! He’s got all this crazy music, he’s great. We’ve met a few times and once I was like, ‘Aren’t you doing fashion?’ and he named four different companies. Wow, what a talent. So someone like that I’d like to get in the mix. New approach on creative ideas. Even Nike does all these things. Collaborations are big business these days. It sparks energy into something, so I’m looking for collabs and there’s a lot of possibilities. Jimmy, aside from being Wildfox CEO and tequila entrepreneur, how about your personal trajectory? Any excerpts from the book of life? All you can do is just learn from life and other people. But you have to trust other people so you truly can learn from them. And that doesn’t always work out, but you have to try. ‘If you look back,’ my father used to ask me, ‘would you change anything?’ You know what, no I wouldn’t. But maybe I have to say that because my father asked me! And how about music? You’re still keeping an eye on the scene? I’m always supporting new artists, as I was one back in the day. Lately I’ve been signing country artists. I know how it is, it’s tough. So it’s nice for me to help out other people, and not just for one song. You have to throw a lot in there and see what sticks. I did that with my music. I worked on three albums at once, and could never finish anything! But then I’d be putting together a record in Chicago, and I’d meet someone and they’d be like, ‘Let’s have ten songs in three months.’ And I was like, ‘Wow, that works.’ Deadlines are important! CLYDE hat, TIBI shoes, IMAGO-A bag, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace. And you’re building a studio up here in the Hills? It’s pretty amazing, the sound. I have a great sound system up here, and you can really hear when someone knows how to record, or mix. Man, that’s a big deal, the mixing. My favorite place to create is like this, where something sounds good. You know, in the Hills, in the studio. That’s why Tupac and everyone used to roll through back in the day! I had a recording studio! That’s why I’m building a new one up here. It’s a special spot. When you’re first in the Hills, you look out there and you’re thinking ‘Wow, I wanna move out here.’ And so I’ve always lived in the Hills, from all the way around. Like seven different houses, and I finally bought one. I look out, and I see the city sparkling, and all those people and their lives from here to as far as you can see, and you’re just on top of the hill, on top of the world. It feels frickin’ good, and it still does. And how’s it all going to land? What’s the big picture look like? Well, it would be nice to have a great relationship, and kids, and this and that. But who knows? Let’s just say I’m gonna die however, but with a smile on my face. Peter Fonda just passed away, and you know, his sister Jane, that’s what she said, that he ‘passed but he had a smile on his face.’ It’s like, have a good ride, because we’re not here forever. Photographed by Shane McCauley.  Flaunt Film Directed by Lucas Chemotti. Models: Dani Dolinger at LA Models and Patterson Wells at Visions Models LA. Styled by Britton Litow. Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co and Oribe at Nest Artists. Makeup: Cedric Jolivet using MAC Cosmetics at Lowe & Co. Manicurist: Lisa Jachno using Chanel Le Vernis at Opus Beauty. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019 The contemporary jewelry line, AGMES, is the brainchild of Morgan and Jaclyn Solomon. Each collection is influenced by facets of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art. The geometric and sculptural, metallic silhouettes reflect modern heirlooms, meant to last a lifetime. Handcrafted in New York, the sisters provide local jobs and utilize recycled metals, which is central to their code of ethicality. With the release of their Fall 2019 lookbook, Flaunt spoke with the Solomon gals to chat all things AGMES. Tell us about the inception of AGMES. Morgan Solomon: We hadn’t anticipated starting a line together years ago, it all happened naturally and kind of fell into place this way. I was working as a buyer at Bloomingdale’s at the time but always felt like something was missing in my life. After catching up with an old friend, I was re-inspired and decided to pursue jewelry design full-time. Meanwhile, Jaclyn had just resigned from her job as a sweater designer at Proenza Schouler. She had planned to take a little time off, but as I was getting ready to launch my first collection, I was asking her for more and more input. It started out with small projects, to larger projects like producing our first lookbook, and naturally led us to form a partnership. What aspects of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art inspire the geometry of your designs? MS: Our collection is very sculptural in nature, so we’re often inspired by sculptors such as Jean Arp, Henry Moore, and Barbara Hepworth, to name a few. We’ve also been greatly inspired by the designs of Charlotte Perriand, Pierre Jeanneret, and Mies van der Rohe. For our most recent SS19 collection, we drew from Ellsworth Kelly’s plant drawings. What dedications has the brand made in regards to sustainability?  MS: Sustainability has always been very important to us, but we feel that now more than ever, it’s crucial to keep our environmental footprint as small as possible. There is so much waste in this industry, and we think it’s our responsibility to make sure we’re not adding to the problem. All our products are made locally in NYC, which helps keep our carbon footprint small, and we use only recycled metals for all our jewelry. Any excess metal that hasn’t been used in our jewelry is melted and repurposed for new pieces.  Jaclyn Solomon: We recycle and reuse everything we can. We’re always bringing in bubble wrap, packaging materials, boxes, etc. from packages we receive at home so that we can reuse them instead of letting them go to waste. What are some of the ideas and concepts behind your Fall 2019 collection? JS: We drew from one of our favorite pieces from the existing collection, the Gabriela Bangle, which we had hand-formed from clay. We love the weight of this piece, the feel of it, and the look. So we wanted to continue playing with this sculptural hand-formed look, but play with the proportions and symmetry further. Most of this collection came from pieces we hand-formed from clay. Do you have a favorite piece from the collection? JS: My favorite is the Gabriela Hairclip! MS: I’ve been wearing the Medium Celia Hoops almost every day lately. And I’ve also been wearing our Domed Ring layered with the Cara Ring from last season. I love being able to build off the styles I already have.  What’s next?  MS: We’ve only just begun expanding into the accessories category – first jewelry, and then we introduced some home and hair accessories. We’ve been exploring the idea of expanding further into these categories, in a way that stays true to us – beautiful organic forms, all of which will become modern heirlooms and embody a sense of timelessness. Photography: Arno Frugier Creative direction: Ashley Helvey Model: Audrey Marnay Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   No matter who you support, the love of the game lives in the cloth on your back. Show the world #WhoYouWithhttps://t.co/IhwbEt7PTg pic.twitter.com/YFpZ9QfXok In honor of the start of the new NFL season this Thursday (September 7), Nike came out with a campaign called, "Who You With?" This campaign features football legends, superstar athletes, fashion pioneers, and premier rappers coming together to represent their city and team. Names like Vince Staples, Aaron Donald, Denzel Curry, Jarvis Landry, Earthgang, Jamal Anderson, Odell Beckham Jr., Lawrence Taylor, Joe Fresh Goods, and Gale Sayer are all featured in this campaign. In the video, Vince Staples reps Los Angeles with an Aaron Donald jersey from the LA Rams. Odell Beckham Jr., of the New York Giants, reps his idol and New York Giants elite, Lawrence Taylor. "New York: Either they love or hate you and there’s something inspiring about it to be someone who they wanna ride with," says Odell in his campaign video. lol it seems like the whole city knows already. This is huge. Whole window display at @NikeChicago, this is culture. damn near wanna cry 😂 pic.twitter.com/DwX07ro9Qt Fashion entrepreneur Joe Fresh Goods comes from Chicago, where NFL Hall of Famer Gale Sayers played for the Chicago Bears. In his campaign video, Joe talks about Gale Sayers, his impact in fashion, and inspiring ability to make a strong statement in what he believed in and didn’t believe in. "Chicago always supported me, and that sense of community, is all what we’re about," he says. The jersey becomes more than just a football uniform in Nike's "Who You With?" campaign; the jersey becomes a way to proudly represent where you come from, the team that reps your city, and helps build a sense of community. Show off who you're with and cop a jersey here. Written by Kelly An Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Throughout the years vintage T-shirts have become a rare commodity that everyone searches for to add to their wardrobe. Alexander Wang has recently announced—via Instagram—a collaboration with Procell NYC to bring a new collection of vintage T-shirts. The collaboration will feature a selection of Procell’s rarest vintage concert tees curated by Alexander Wang himself.  Procell NYC is a high profile vintage clothing shop featuring some of the best vintage the city has to offer. There is no question why Alexander Wang chose here to carefully select the pieces for his collaboration. The collection of old-school band tees includes some of the rarest pieces like Aaliyah, Dr. Dre, Notorious B.I.G., Janet Jackson, and more.  The Alexander Wang x Procell collaboration will be sold exclusively at the Alexander Wang New York City flagship store from September 6 through September 13.  Written by Alex Ceballos     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Agent Provocateur has launched its Autumn/Winter 2017 Tease & Hustle campaign with a sultry film to follow. In the campaign video, directed by Anton Corbijn, models Elise Crombez and Magdalena Frackowiak play a hot game of strip pool beneath the glow of dim lights in front of an audience of eager men. Crombez sports an edgy look with her black Deanna lingerie set and biker jacket while Frackowiak appears softer in a peachy Chantilly-pretty lace set. It’s clear that there is something for everyone in the upcoming collection whether that be sweet, playful, kinky or a little naughty. The film embodies the essence of Agent Provocateur with its portrayal of strong, confident and seductive women. In addition to the film’s release a “Tease” element will be revealed through posters in London, Paris, New York and Los Angeles as well as windows in Agent Provocateur boutiques internationally. Look out for the “Hustle” and get ready to keep your lingerie steamy during the winter months. Watch the film here.    Written by Robyn Merrett  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   BJ the Chicago Kid | all images c/o Adidas BJ the Chicago Kid recently performed in his hometown of Chicago with the Adidas Originals Essentialism Concert Series. Towkio and hip-hop duo Leather Corduroys—made up of Joey Purp and Kami of the Chicago based Savemoney Collective—also hit the stage. The Essentialism series pushed the EQT philosophy: “Everything that is essential, nothing that is not.”  In addition to Chi-Town, the concert series touched down in Miami, Atlanta, and Detroit, each stop showcasing locally influenced artists and raw sets “reminiscent of '90s minimalism, Berlin circuit parties and Underground culture.” We caught up with the R&B crooner to talk about his performance with Adidas, the evolution of R&B, and new music. Check out the highlights below.  You’re a true soul singer, raised in the church and influenced by R&B greats like D’Angelo. What are your thoughts on the state of R&B/Soul music today? I love being able to witness the evolution of R&B. Most of all, playing a role in it is part of my dream. It feels amazing. You started your music career as a background singer and writer for artists like Usher, Jill Scott, Anthony Hamilton, and Mary Mary. Can you talk a bit about that experience and how it influenced the way you navigate the industry and create your sound? I really believe there's a little bit of all of those artists in me. I see a little of myself in every artist I work with, so learning from them, cooking with all of these chefs, kind of allows me to open my own 5-star restaurant. "Welcome to BJTCK's" [laughs]. Are you currently working on a new project? Can you talk about the process and where you are with everything? I'm definitely working on a new album. I'm totally excited. It’s about my life experiences – traveling, living, learning, family, friends - all of these play a major role in this new album. I’m so happy and anxious to get this new music to you guys. The Essentialism Concert Series is rooted in the Adidas EQT philosophy, “everything that is essential, nothing that is not.”  Are you able to relate this concept to the R&B/Soul genre and your own music? Absolutely. Every detail matters in R&B and soul music - even the imperfections. When you understand detail, you understand quality. That responsibility trickles into your life and the upgrade begins (laughs). How does it feel to be performing with this series in your hometown of Chicago? Performing in Chicago is always special. It’s always a magical moment.  Do you prefer stripped down sets to more produced set ups? I love both intimate and big productions. Each are a part of every artist's dream and I’m honored to have that option. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017           Images via Chrome Hearts Los Angeles based leather, accessories, and furniture brand, Chrome Hearts, has launched a month-long installation on the third floor of Bergdorf Goodman in New York. The collection showcases custom pieces that were previously made exclusively through special order. Adding the brands clandestine and home feel, Chrome Hearts has transformed the third floor of Bergdorf Goodman creating their signature in-store only experience.  There are Bergdorf Goodman exclusive culinary utensils like a Barbecue set, pizza cutter, rolling pin, and truffle shaver— office supplies, and even tools. Who wouldn't want to add a little designer flare to their everyday items.  The installation also features a special addition T-shirt along with a two styles of a long-sleeve tee. Don't miss out on getting one of these unique Chrome Hearts pieces; The installation takes place all this month (September) at the Bergdorf Goodman Men's store in New York. Written by Alex Ceballos                                                                                                                                       Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Images via Dries Van Noten To commemorate the release of 100 collections throughout his career, Belgian designer Dries Van Noten has put together a book. After the unveiling of his centennial collection earlier this year, the esteemed fashion designer will put every fashion show ever debuted in a two-part book collection.  The series will be separated into two books featuring collections 1-50 in the first, and collections 51-100 in the second. They'll consist of over 2000 images and act as a retrospective giving insight into the creation of Dries Van Noten’s mesmerizing collections— including runway shots, behind the scene images, and even show invitations. Along with all the unseen imagery, the publication will feature writings from Susannah Frankel and Tim Blanks; both discussing the creative influences, context, and inspirations of each collection.  This isn't the first time Dries Van Noten has published a book of his past work. The designer created a similar series pertaining to the achievement of his 50th show back in 2005, now creating a revised version. Van Noten comments on the books saying, “I like the idea that this commemorates my past so that I may just focus on the future and further evolving as a designer from now.”  The two book series will be released on October 1, 2017 and will be priced at $90 each or $180 USD for the set coming in limited-edition slipcases. Written by Alex Ceballos Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The beauty gods have blessed us with some major news: ASOS is releasing a makeup collection [cues "Flawless" by Beyonce]. The line will consist of matte and satin lipstick, metallic liquid liners, mascara, blush, bronzer, a brow palette and more. But what makes this announcement even more exciting is that you won’t have to break the bank; All products are under $20.  In addition to the makeup line, ASOS is relaunching its beauty section on their site as ASOS Face + Body. The rebranding was done to make beauty and beauty products more inclusive and gender neutral. In celebration of its launch, ASOS is releasing a beauty campaign that includes models and real people of all genders, races and sizes. The campaign will illustrate different ways the products can be used and paired.    ASOS makeup will be available for purchase on September 20. I don’t know about you but I can’t wait to get my hands on these products.    Written by Robyn Merrett Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                    Last night we celebrated a fabulous commingling of art (by Jeanette Getrost) and fashion (courtesy the vibrant minds at Frankie) under the throbbing heat of a September sky. Libations flowed freely, courtesy of ROK Drinks brands Bogart Spirits and Graffiti Wine. Tolula Adeyemi set the mood with track after track of sumptuous beats. See photo evidence below to assuage that aching FOMO. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Images via Fashion Together To commemorate the collaborations of several talented designers and photographers, an exhibition and titled Fashion Together is being held at the Fashion Space Gallery in London. The event is curated by Lou Stoppard and explores the relationships between iconic collabs like Rick Owens and Michele Lamy, Vivienne Westwood and Andreas Kronthaler, Alexander McQueen and Shaun Leane, plus many more. Fashion Together will also be showcasing photographic pairs like Mert Atlas and Marcus Piggot, along with Inez Van Lamsweerde and Vinoodh Matadin.  “I’m interested in lasting partnerships--the formative, friendships, the unions that exist behind the scenes or the decades long working relationships that have shaped each participant’s vision and life,” Shares Stoppard about her inspiration for the event. The exhibition portrays the artists’ visions and gives the viewers attending the event insight to the ingenious processes creating these collaborative pieces. In addition Lou Stoppard is releasing a book illustrating 18 of the collaborations displayed at the exhibition, giving details and conversation about how artist have worked together.  Fashion Together will be open from September 8, 2017 to January 13, 2018 at the Fashion Space Gallery in London, UK. Written by Alex Ceballos Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017         Images via Versus Versace Versus Versace has just released their newest Autumn/ Winter 2017 campaign and it features some unfamiliar faces. The campaign, photographed by Ben Toms, includes eight young creatives. The line-up of talent features activist Hunter Schafer, rapper Tommy Genesis, model Lily McMenamy, actor Judan Lang, model Wilson Oryema, artist Rejjie Snow, model Rina Sawayama, and singer-songwriter Cosomo Pyke. Artistic Director Dontatella Versace speaks on her new campaign saying, “I really admire the young creatives in the new Versus Versace campaign, I call them the Sub-Versus Generation, a community of subcultures taking a stand for their beliefs and for their individuality.”  Since the company's relaunch in 2009, the label has been constantly reinventing itself bringing on new talent. Donatella Versace has brought in designers in the past like Anthony Vaccarello, Jonathan Anderson, and Christopher Kane to create collections for the label. This year for AW17 Donatella brought in Jefferson Hack as executive creative director for a new collaborative vibe.  If the photography doesn't intrigue you enough, a film was created for the collection and gives more insight of the new Versus Versace gang with music by God Colony. Check it out and let us know what you think! Written by Alex Ceballos Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   It's almost here. The anticipated Manolo Blahnik retrospective documentary, Manolo: The Boy Who Made Shoes for Lizards, finally has a release date. The film is directed by close friend of Blahnik, Michael Roberts, and covers the forty year span of his career in shoe design—from his infatuation with lizards and shoes as a child, all the way to his iconic shoe label esteemed by the world of high fashion. Some highlights include the late Diana Vreeland, former editor-in-chief of Vogue, encouraging Blahnik to pursue his career and bring his sketches to life—making him the first man to be featured on the cover of British Vogue in 1974, shot by David Bailey, and giving birth to his beloved label. Narrated by Blahnik himself, the documentary features appearances by some of the biggest names in modern fashion—including André Leon Talley, Rihanna, Naomi Campbell, and even Anna Wintour, who speaks highly of Manolo Blahniks’ designs saying, “I can't remember the last time I wore anybody else’s shoes. I mean I just don't even look at them.” Check out the trailer, and be sure to mark your calendars as the retrospective documentary will release later this month on September 29, 2017.  Written by Alex Ceballos Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Rihanna is no stranger to crossing over into the fashion world. She's signed with Puma, and has even announced her own cosmetic brand: Fenty Beauty. While the launch of her line has seemingly taken years to get going, Rihanna's cosmetics are finally going to be available starting September 8, she announced on Instagram.  Along with the announcement of the release date, she previewed the line by posting a few teaser videos on her IG page.  The collection will be available online at FentyBeauty.com next week and select retailers. Written by Corey Fuller Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                Left to Right: DIESEL t-shirt, jeans and sunglasses. DIESEL jacket and dress, MOTIF earrings and rings, and THE 2BANDITS rings (worn throughout). Big cities are the ephemeral beacons of romance, flickering like oases to thirsty eyes in the desert. In this case, of course, those eyes are thirsting for love, and that desert is a society barren of it (bear through this metaphor with me, please). And for so many sitcoms, movies, novels, and daydreams, big cities are where lovers meet and birth their ultimate relationship origin story. Afterall, what’s a rom-com if it doesn’t end with the couple sharing an angst-ridden makeout while the city’s winking skyline beams behind them? What’s a rom-com if not the embodiment of unrealistic expectations for love, something constantly setting us lousy lovers up for failure? For Girlyboi (an American folk-pop duo who have somehow stumbled upon the fortune of being in love with each other), crossing off every rom-com-worthy city together was no biggie. They met in Chicago, then moved to Paris, then London, then New York, and now reside in our very own City of Angels. And, in the thick of it all, Carly Russ and Joseph Matick still manage to produce music together without losing sight of the other (Albeit, with some bumps in the road - literally. See gallery above. See Q&A below.). They’re a breath of fresh air, an oasis themselves in this day and age. For every pair of true lovers, society will give you five terrible Tinder dates. For every authentic couple, society will hand you ten read and ignored text messages. Ah, to meet and fall in love in fair Chicago and not be star-crossed, wouldn’t that be nice? For now, at least, you can read our exclusive interview with the lovers down below, and check out what they were up to during their “Bonfire” release party and at this past Coachella. DIESEL shirt. First and foremost, how did you and Joseph come to create your band Girl(Y)Boi? Carly: Long story short, we started dating, and he heard me singing in the shower one day. I’ve been singing since I was in 12, but never competitively. I did it in high school and stuff, but it was so political. It kind of steered me away from pursuing it all together, even after I went to college. So he heard me singing and he was like, “you have a really good voice” and I got super embarrassed. I’m like, “You heard that?” And he said, “Yeah, I really wanna do something with your voice.” And he was actually DJing at the time, and I was just modeling full time, and he was like, “Do you think if I make a song, you can maybe sing on it?” And I was like, “Um, I don’t really wanna do that.” So we had this idea where we just started listening to music together and writing music together and it worked really well and it was really easy which I was super turned off by it, but when I saw how easy and fun it was, I was like, “I can see myself doing this.” We went into a studio and recorded a few of the songs that I wrote, and those songs will NEVER be released! [laughing] How long have you guys been dating? Carly: It’s been a little bit over four years. Left to Right: DIESEL jacket, t-shirt, jeans, and sunglasses.  DIESEL jacket, dress, and sunglasses. How is it, balancing being in a band together and being in a relationship? Carly: Honestly it’s really hard. At first we kind of underestimated the amount of work we’d have to be putting in. At first we thought, “Oh, this will be so easy. We can be together every day.” But it doesn’t ever really work out like that. We have to separate our relationship from work, because we’ve hit some bumps where we’re not a couple at all and then we really miss each other--like as a couple, instead of a music entity--and we’ve had to have conversations where we’re like, “We need to go on dates and do normal things.” We have a rule where we work on stuff half of the week, and the other half of the week we go on dates and do fun, normal stuff and little things like grocery shopping. At one point we would hang out and write music together and we didn’t even share a kiss, but we worked through that. And now we’ve got a really good balance, so it’s great. It’s not perfect yet. We work on it everyday, but that’s what makes it exciting, there’s never a dull moment with the two of us. Joseph: Okay, so, romance to me is almost this like beautiful fictitious type of concept that we live out. And I think like the more that you view and it’s a little bit more lighthearted, the more successful you are at romance. Because, you know, it kind of for the most part is a painful thing. But yeah, I think for GirlyBoi, and what we do, romance is so obviously like a concept of like--all the music is based around it. For us, like when we first started, we got up, moved to Paris and wrote an album (well I just wrote the lyrics) while like we could stare at the Eiffel Tower, and to me that was strictly because it was like the most hilariously romantic thing. Like overwrought, fun ridiculous, self-aware? Joseph: Yeah, exactly, so there’s a level of self-awareness that I think is present throughout all of the music. And what is forthcoming for you guys? Joseph: So we just finished our first full-length album and we’re getting ready to go on tour in the fall and release it. You guys have resided in several cities--how has the transition been from living in Chicago, in Paris and now LA? Carly: I grew up in Chicago. Joe grew up in Indiana, but his dad is from Chicago, so he was out there a lot. His sister also lived there, and we met there, and then we moved to Paris. We wrote our first album there. It was really cool and really inspiring, being in an inspiring city with inspiring writers, not just with music, but authors too. So we wrote that there and then we moved to London for a few months and then we moved to New York before we moved out to LA. And we say this all the time, that California really brought something interesting out from us in a really good way. We have a really special connection with California. Here we produced something we never knew we could produce.   What’s your favorite thing to do during the summer? Joseph: I mean, we’ve been doing a lot of hiking and camping and, like, stereotypical, sort of outdoorsy shit. Trying to, like, milk Cali for all it’s worth. Mountains, beaches, that shit. And then as far as the creative process do you find yourself feeling less productive in the summer? Does it turn you on? Joseph: I think it turns me on. We are in a fortunate enough circumstance where we have free time to be constantly writing and already writing the next album and recording. It’s just for me, like, I’ve never had as much space, like throughout the course of this project. There’s never been this much physical space, and that’s kind of cleared up the room or tension to like just explore. From your perspective are we living in a New America? Joseph: No. I mean, sure, circumstances have changed and there’s like an asshole in office and all of that. I think people are--okay, I don’t wanna get too political. The issue theme, it’s called the Aftershock Issue, New America is the sort of idea. Joseph: Okay, so I’ll say this, the silver lining of the Trump presidency is that people are talking, you know? I think that if Hillary would have won, no one would’ve given a shit. I know, the beat goes would’ve just carried on, huh. Joseph: Right! DIESEL jacket and dress. A good beat, perhaps, or a more prosperous, or like a more open-minded one. Joseph: Or comfortable one. Like, it would be comfortable. And I think for Americans, in large part, that’s kind of our downfall, is that we’re too comfortable. We don’t think enough for ourselves. And so when something like this happens, it’s so entirely shocking, the dialogue is constantly present. And for a lot of us it’s just that, it’s just dialogue. People aren’t really doing anything so--I don’t know, I’m not saying to get out there and riot or whatever, but like whatever your thing is, whatever your way of just like voicing yourself or protesting, that’s important because if freedom of speech goes, which it seems like it might go in that direction, then we lose it all. Who says and does what with the music? Who makes what decisions? Carly: We have very specific rules, because I don’t know how to read music notes. I do everything by ear, but he’s been writing music his whole life. He writes the melody or the lyrics, and I’ll add to it by what I’m hearing in my head and by my ear and we bring that to life, and I think that’s a really good balance, because I think we’re both really good at music theory. I come in with harmonies and melodies, and he comes in with lyrics and the base of the song. Where do you guys draw your inspiration from as far as what you put out and share with the world? Carly: We do kind of have a super old school inspiration going back to what we would listen to with our parents going on high rotation with John Denver and The Carpenters. We listen to them all the time. Recently we watched Walk The Line and we are obsessed with Johnny Cash and June Carter, on a very serious non-basic level. I love them and they really inspire me to be that iconic couple. If we ever make it to that point, that would be an absolute dream, ‘cause they’re amazing! What gave you the push, how did you know you were ready to share your music with everyone? Carly: Honestly, it took me a really long time to get to that point. There was always that feeling that I was being too nervous. Sometimes you’re too afraid to be how great you are. Some people don’t have that problem, but some people like myself do. We’re afraid to succeed sometimes-- it’s scary to live up to your full potential. Recently when we moved to California we started recording this album that personally is the best thing we could’ve ever written for ourselves. It was in our full potentials. It was the best album for us, so I think just recently I accepted the fact that this is my future and hopefully it goes how we see it in our heads. I think the more it becomes a reality you’re like, ‘this is actually happening,’ and it’s happening very quickly! Joseph: Recently, there’s been this nice shift where Carly’s agent’s getting all this work for her. And, for me, that’s wonderful, like I am letting her like kind of take the reigns and describe her perspective. Because ultimately, the project is about my love or affection for this woman, and just like watching her unlock this thing. For me, I’ve always felt like fearlessly creative and have been able to create. And have kind of accepted my ability to do that whereas like, I don’t think she thought it was even feasible to do these things and pursue music as a career. So like watching her finally take that and own that shit is really cool. DIESEL shirt. Now that you guys have expanded your group with a new drummer, bassist, and song-writer, what can we expect from Girl(Y)Boi in the future? Carly: It’s really exciting now to have a full band cause I personally feel more comfortable with a bunch of people on stage with me, it feels more natural. They’re all super on board and all really cool guys. It’s very important for people we bring onto our team to feel like a family because I’m super family oriented and I love to feel comfortable, especially when we’re on the road. All of our band members are genuinely good friends of ours and we love them to death. We can spend days and days together and not get sick of them which I think is super important when it comes to traveling together, we all have each others back. We’ll have to see what the future holds. We would love to tour, really reach people with our music and show people it’s ok to be in love and be happy. I’d be happy if that’s all that it did.     To purchase the clothes seen in this feature, visit Diesel here.   Written by Chelsey SanchezPhotographer: Ian MorrisonStylist: Soaree CohenModel: Carly Russ @ Ford Models and Joseph Matick @ Photogenics Los Angeles.Hair: Nathaniel Dezan for Opus Beauty.Makeup: Melissa Murdick for Opus Beauty.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    AG top and jeans, and MAYA BRENNER earrings (worn throughout).  SANDRO blouse, and PHILOSOPHY DI LORENZO SERAFINI bralette.  MIU MIU dress and shoes, MAYA BRENNER rings, and SYDNEY EVAN earring.  VALENTINO blouse and trousers. AG JEANS dress and MIU MIU shoes. "You have to touch this.” I’m sitting outside a coffee shop in Hollywood on a sweltering July afternoon with Disney Channel starlet-on-the-rise Dove Cameron. She is running her manicured fingers across the wall directly to the right of us, which is textured with black lettering. “It’s really nice. I can’t decide if it’s decals or paint,” she muses, before feverishly launching back into what we were just discussing, which is why she feels celebrity doesn’t come naturally to her. “It just promotes this unapproachable pedestal thing, and that’s very lonely and silly. It’s so weird because being a celebrity is no different than having any other job, except we’ve decided as a society that it is. Nobody is higher than anybody else, so what a strange thing to feed into.” There are three things you notice early on when chatting with the actress/singer, whose mixed feelings about the twisted nature of celebrity haven’t stopped the Disney monolith from launching the twenty-one-year-old to the precipice of fame, after a long-winded stint playing the dual roles of the titular twins on Disney Channel’s Liv and Maddie, and starring as Maleficent’s daughter Mal in Descendants and Descendants 2, which premieres this month to a rabid fandom: AG JEANS dress and MIU MIU shoes. 1) She is beautiful, in a warm and exuberant way that invokes a modern day Marilyn Monroe, all wide-set doe eyes, plump lips, and platinum blonde hair. 2) She was (is) a theater kid, radiating energy, talking with her hands, and effortlessly affecting a range of crisp voices and goofy facial expressions when she’s telling a story. 3) She is teeming with an inquisitive thoughtfulness that extends well beyond her years, reserving the same genuine enthusiasm for the paint on a wall of a coffee shop as she does for her relationship (“I’m so in love. It’s criminal. We both just turned our lives upside down, like ‘Oh my god, I had no idea you were out there.’ He’s just the most quality human being. He shouldn’t exist.”) and her advice to her younger self (“It’s like that old adage, ‘Be careful how you see the world, for it is that.’ Don’t let anyone tell you that the world doesn’t revolve around you, because it does.”) With her Disney Channel days in the rearview mirror and her name attached to a number of film projects for 2017, not to mention a performance as Sophie in Mamma Mia! at the Hollywood Bowl and the release of her first single on the horizon, Cameron is clearly, albeit reluctantly, on the road to stardom. Yet she assures me she’s very much in the driver’s seat. “I don’t want to do anything unless it’s extremely authentic,” she says early on in our interview, fixing her hazel eyes intently on mine. “I don’t ever want to do anything just to stay busy or have a press release. I have to fight that fear lizard-brain that tells me to just do what people expect of me. It’s a weird, scary thing to live by your reward system alone, but I think it’s one of those things that eventually pays off and creates a much richer life.” VALENTINO blouse and trousers. The same goes for her burgeoning music career. Up until this point, Cameron has almost exclusively done musical projects, and claims she’s a better actor when she’s singing and a better singer when she’s acting. She was briefly in a band with her ex, which fell apart when they did, and now she’s striking out on her own – de rigueur for most Disney Channel prodigies, with one glaring exception: Cameron insists on being in complete creative control, and she doesn’t really care if you don’t like her music. “Everything I release from here on out is going to have my final stamp of approval and no one else’s. I can’t even explain how badass it feels. I feel so claustrophobic when everyone has their hands in my stuff. I almost like that not everyone likes it, because it makes me so sure I love it.” She describes the single, which is an edgy love song, as “pop, if pop was this sparkly, girly, animatronic thing, and then you held a lighter underneath it.” She is stoked for her new single, but has seemingly only scraped the surface of her ambition, and is showing no signs of slowing down. “I plan on doing it all. I plan on doing Broadway, film, television, music, all of it. My career is kind of all over the place but that’s how I want it. I’m not cut out for Hollywood the way it was handed to me.” She laughs and says she needs the freedom to be able to freak out and go to Europe spontaneously, because apparently she does that a lot. “I’m kind of known for it. So irresponsible, but I need that sometimes!” I suddenly remember I’m chatting with someone who, despite being an infectiously old soul, is barely old enough to drink. I nod emphatically. VALENTINO dress. Cameron and I bond over a shared love of hand tattoos and a shared fear that we wouldn’t be able to find our way out of our driveways without Google Maps, and I have to keep reminding myself that the self-effacing and well-spoken blonde sitting across from me is half a decade younger and about 12.4 million Instagram followers more popular than me. It’s enticing to talk to someone famous with such a grounded sense of self, and judging by her massive following on social media, I’m not the only one who thinks so. Her Twitter feed is full of heavily retweeted odes to self-love and empowerment, unapologetic gems of positivity sparkling against what is all too often a vacuous cesspool of cynicism. “Everything I write is something I needed to hear that day or something I just discovered. I sound like such a college kid going through their self-discovery phase, but I’m never trying to be something for someone.” I believe her, and it’s refreshing. At the core of it, we should all have crushes on ourselves, and maybe Cameron is feeding the youth the language they need to tap into that. At the very least, she’s teaching them to never apologize for being “extra.” “I’ve always been the most extra. When I was seven, I wore red lipstick everyday and big fur collars. I was not a smiley kid. I was broody and dramatic. My mom always tells this story about how I only liked to drink out of wine glasses. I would walk into the room with my wine glass and sigh really loudly. She’d be like, ‘What?’ and I’d say, ‘I’m just so tired. I’m so, so tired.’ Seven years old and so jaded. I’ve always been a theater kid. Aside from getting a little taller, I haven’t really changed at all.” Written by Alison GreenPhotographed by Robin Harper at Opus RepsMakeup: Melissa Murdick using Chanel Les Beiges at Opus BeautyManicure: Whitney Gibson    Styled by Chris Horan at Tomlinson Management GroupHair: Bobby Eliot using Oribe at Tomlinson Management GroupManicure: Whitney Gibson using Chanel at Tomlinson Management Group. The Aftershock Issue: New America Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   FLAUNT collaborated with Prada for our Aftershock Issue: New America and featured an all-star set of burgeoning Hollywood talent. Scroll down below to click on links to the features and corresponding Flaunt Films we rolled out with these rising stars over the course of a week. Halston Sage |  Bria Vinaite | Lakeith Stanfield | Joe Keery | Sophia Lillis | Ben O'TooleFilms Directed by Monica May & Carlos SerraoPhotographs by Carlos SerraoMusic by Kasper BjorkeStyled by Mui HaiAll Talent Wearing Prada's Fall/Winter 2017 Line The Aftershock Issue: New America Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   As the end of summer is coming to a close and the realization that fall weather is looming sets in, we want to head to the pool now more than ever. We kicked it by the water at the Sixty Hotel in Beverly Hills with some pretty cool Nous Models, where we enjoyed the last bit of sunshine and asked them some of our juiciest Poolaroid questions.  Check out what these stunning ladies had to say. And be sure to follow us on Insta here insta Do you have a special talent? Uh… accents? Making a dollar go a long way.  Who’s number is on your speed dial? BAE: Ed West What is your fav spot in LA? Gun Range downtown LA. BANG! What do you carry in your bag? Toothbrush, headphones, and hot sauce for sizzle! Who’s your favorite model? Kate Moss   What are your top 3 IG accounts you follow? girlyboy, nousmodels and fuckjerry. What takes the most of your time? Eating with my best friends and dancing. What is one thing you cant live without? My cats Onyx and Igge. How did you pick your outfit this morning? I didn't. I essentially put shorts on and my fave booties and threw on a top. I sleep in all my jewelry.  Do you have any rituals? Morning stretch and sage burning.    Do you have a special talent? Scuba diving, horseback riding, and cooking. Who’s number is on your speed dial? Probably my mom. What is your face spot in LA? The last bookstore. What do you carry in your bag? Crystals and always gum. Who’s your favorite model? Candice Swanepoel Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   After last week's drop that featured a Nas-inspired t-shirt, shovel, and other assorted apparel and accessories, Supreme's second drop of the Fall/Winter 2017 collection is set to release tomorrow (August 31) in Supreme stores and online. Featuring camouflage bomber jackets, V-neck t-shirts, chopsticks, and much more, Supreme also has a surprise collaboration coming with this week's release. Partnering with British footwear brand Dr. Martens, Supreme has 3 color ways of a new Dr. Martens x Supreme shoe releasing in black, brown, and dark green. Written by Corey Fuller Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Serving as a mixtape of youth culture, Converse revealed a new video series Public Access tapping some of today's most relevant musicians, actors, and activists.  Public Access has elements reminiscent of a talk show, only with spontaneous and witty commentary nostalgic of forgotten public access TV. Each host was given free-range by Converse to produce creative content that was reflective of their personal interests and causes close to their hearts. The first two episodes featuring Miley Cyrus and Game of Thrones star Maisie Williams are set to hit the internet via Twitter Live on September 5. Expect to see a lot off the wall Miley Cyrus shenanigans along with random audio and visual effects.  Watch the series trailer to get a sneak peak of all the craziness to come.  Written By Knia Cotton        Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Images C/O Marcjacobs.com On Wednesday (August 30), designer Marc Jacobs released his take on wearable tech announcing new hybrid smartwatch called Riley. The Riley is giving Apple watches a run for their money as this smartwatch will function as a normal watch but with amped up digital features.  Not only is this watch visually striking, coming in four unique colors, black, black and gold, white and rose gold, and multi-color, but can be synced to your smartphone via Bluetooth, track daily movements, and most importantly includes a camera.  To show off this effortlessly cool watch, Jacobs hit up some of New York’s most stylist influencers and professionals for his campaign including model Alexis Jae, Flaunt cover star Amanda Steele, dancer Charisma Glaper, actress Ke’andra Samone, as well as editor and professor Amy Sall.  The watch will retail for $175 and be sold online at marcjacobs.com and select department stores.    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Despite Justin Bieber cancelling a handful of his Purpose Tour Stadium Tour dates last month, the pop star will continue to sell his merchandise line associated with the leg of the tour. The collection, which is set to feature a variety of t-shirts, crewneck sweatshirts, sweatpants, and a bomber jacket, will be available for purchase on H&M's website and select H&M retailers next week. The Stadium Tour capsule features different pictures of Bieber hoisted on a motorcycle, as well as checkered flag print design, and the word "TEAM" on some pieces, playing off some of his previous merch which posted "STAFF" across the chest. The parternship with H&M marks the second time the two parties have worked together on the Purpose Tour clothing line. Bieber's new capsule releases on September 7.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The Trap Lord himself, A$AP Ferg, had a booming August. The A$AP Mob member is readying his second collaboration with Adidas Skateboarding, as he launches his new collection on September 1. Inspired by Ferg’s own Trap Lord clothing line, his assortment with Adidas features a t-shirt, collared polo shirt, hat, windbreaker and two color ways (including 1 exclusive color way with Zumiez) of the classic Adidas Matchcourt skateboarding silhouette.  In terms of inspiration for the collection, Ferg tells FLAUNT that the vision of the line was inspired a documentary he's seen.  "The inspiration came from a movie I've seen, it's called Children of the Underground," he says. "It's about poor children who ran away from home and they live underground in a tunnel. They wear mix-match clothes, like that's their style because they can't afford new clothes or clothes that match. They wear whatever they can get their hands on and I was inspired by the style and how they were dressing." Along with the new clothing collab, Ferg's been cranking out music this month. Releasing his Still Striving album a few weeks back, the project offers a look into the fun and charismatic personality of A$AP Ferg. “I did this album as an outlet to have fun. I was coming off tour, I had logged out of the studio for about two months, and all my friends, we got in the studio and worked and vibed out and it came out good. I'm looking forward to touring it.” Plus, with his A$AP collective releasing the second edition of the Cozy Tapes album series last Friday, Ferg’s output has put him, and the entire A$AP Mob at the top of the music and fashion industry at the moment. “We are very instrumental in fashion and style and curating lifestyle, and I think that a lot of kids look up to us when it comes to what to wear next. That’s what we bring to the table. We brought another dynamic to the game as far as style goes.” With all the new music flowing, Ferg is also preparing himself for a fall tour that features the entirety of the A$AP Mob, “plus special guests.” “It’s going to be lit,” he tells me. "I think that this is going to be a huge tour because we haven't seen the whole [A$AP] Mob together on road for a long time. It’s going to be a dope and monumental place to be." A$AP Ferg’s solo project Still Striving and A$AP Mob's Cozy Tapes Vol. 2 are available in all stores, and be on the lookout for his new adidas collection which releases on Friday. Written by Corey FullerAll images c/o Adidas Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The Internet has been buzzing lately with questions as to whether sisters Gigi and Bella Hadid will be returning to the Victoria's Secret runway for this year's show.  Several hours ago (Aug 28th) Gigi Hadid posted to her Instagram that she would in fact be returning. Bella also posted a couple of days ago about how excited she is to be returning as well.  The Victoria's Secret Fashion show is one of the most anticipated shows of the year, with about 800 million tuning in on average. This year's location is not set quite yet but is rumored to be in Shanghai. Looks like fans are now just waiting on Kendall Jenner's update.  Written by Evelyn Mateos  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Unofficially ending his collaboration with Reebok, Kendrick Lamar lands new parternship with Nike announcing via twitter “Cortez Since day one. #teamnike.” The rapper subtly alluded to the collaboration rocking an all white pair of the round-toe sneaker in his energetic VMA performance last night. Kendrick has also been spotted wearing the iconic shoe throughout his DAMN tour.   The Cortez was initially designed in Oregon in 1972 as the companies first running shoe but quickly became a West Coast staple after being adopted by Eazy E of NWA and Snoop Dogg of the Dogg Pound gang. This past summer for the Cortez's 45th birthday, Nike pumped a new life into the sneaker with fresh colorways models sported in campaigns featuring the likes of Bella Hadid and rapperBuddy.  Details of the new relationship between K Dot and Nike are currently unknown but we're guessing that a limited edition Kendrick Lamar Cortez will be on the shelves of sneaker boutiques in the future. Written by Knia Cotton  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photo via John Mayer @johnmayer Beloved singer and sneakerhead John Mayer, recently unveiled the new "Pickle Rick" Nike Air Max 90s inspired by Rick and Morty, a critically acclaimed animated series on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim. Although John Mayer is not exclusively collaborating with Nike, he has been creating his own designs and colorways of NIKEiD sneakers since he shared the formula to the "JM NIKEEZY @johnmayer." The "Pickle Rick" Air Max's, also known as "Air Mayers," follows up last month's "Spirit Level" Air Mayers. Cop the "Pickle Rick" Air Max 90s here for $130. “I think NikeiD is a little bit like iTunes University, where there’s this great resource that no one’s thinking to sort of hijack. So I’m planning on hijacking NikeiD and really messing with that to where I’m gonna have my own Nike shoe that Nike doesn’t have to give me. I just bought it on ID,” Mayer told GQ. "I’m just waiting for it to get discontinued on their site. And I’m gonna offer it as my own shoe through my Shopify page. [laughs] Just for fun!"  Kelly An Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   If you find yourself in New York City today (August 28), you might be caught off guard by the new addition of umpire chairs (or special guests like Desiigner and Ally Love) in front of the NY Public Library, in Union Square, and eight other locations throughout the city.   Thank you to the Harlem community for the love at the #adidaspharrellwilliams launch with @stansmithonline and the @adidastennis athletes! pic.twitter.com/CiDHYzOXA3 Umpire chairs are seen as the authority of tennis. Pharrell and Adidas have partnered to give the people of New York a sense of authority, a stage to speak on, a platform to spread love and positivity. The umpire chairs are set throughout the city to give everyone the opportunity to be heard.  The campaign kicked off this past Saturday (August 26), with a tennis clinic for New York's youth. Adidas sponsored tennis athletes, Pharrell Williams, and local youth organizations gathered at Frederick Johnson Community Court in Harlem New York where Pharrell delivered the following manifesto: “Every tennis match starts with the same two words: ‘Quiet Please’. But change can be noisy and our love can transform anything. Outside the court we will let our voices be heard as loud as we can. If you see the potential for good, speak up. Together, we can change the game for the better.” Adidas and Pharrell are asking you to Don’t be Quiet Please. The Quiet Please campaign has partnered with the non-profit HORIZONS to create scholarships for youth tennis players, as well as announced a donation to the NYC Parks Department to restore tennis courts throughout the city.  The collection will be available globally at Adidas retailers, Billionaire Boys Club Flagships, and select retailers August 31st.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017         Photography via Richard Kern & Sandy Kim It's almost that time of year; The fashion world is preparing for another set of upcoming international fashion shows. Casting directors, and photographers are looking for their next potential muses to represent their brand on the runway. This year No Agency New York, an alternative talent and modeling agency representing a gifted group of artists, has decided to unveil their model show pack in a whole new way, bringing in Richard Kern and Sandy Kim to collaborate on a new zine. The paradoxical agency brought in the photographers to co-produce and give an artistic take on their NYFW model roll-call. No Agency New York gives intimate insight of the girls on their roster including their name, contact info, statistics, and a yes/no questionnaire. The show pack informs users in an alternative way, giving them an interesting portrayal. No Agency founders and fashion industry veterans Ashley Smith and Alexander Tsebelis saw the opportunity to make a photographic survey along the lines of their agency's portrayal of the underrated and anti-established “hot girl.” This year's line-up features talent like Alexandra Marzella, Daniela Lalita, Eloisa Santos and fresh faces like Gabriette, Seashell Coker, Yulu Serao, and Elita Harkov. Photography via Richard Kern & Sandy Kim Richard Kern’s complex and sensual imagery along with Sandy Kim’s retrospective Polaroid vision gives us a more intricate and genuine look into the models and their personalities. Their collaboration was a perfect fit for the controversial agency. “When I first met with Alex and Ashley I said, ‘I get that you’re starting an agency but I’m not really sure why you want to talk to me.’ But then they showed me some of the girls and I got it,” Kern says.  Getting a copy of No Angency’s  new-wave exclusive isn't going to be easy since only a limited 50 copies of the show pack will be printed.   Written by Alex Ceballos Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Gwen Stefani hosted an "Endless Summer" fashion press preview for L.A.M.B. & gx by Gwen Stefani Eyewear with Tura at The London West Hollywood Penthouse this week and we enjoyed everything you'd expect a former No Doubt lead singer to have at her party--puppies and spiked lemonade included. Stefani revealed her 2017 Fall collections and offered a sneak peek at some of 2018 Spring L.A.M.B. optical and sun collections coming out late Winter. Stefani's line for children and teens, gx Juniors, was also on display at the party, inspired by her son Zuma who started wearing glasses in kindergarten. "My son, he has to wear glasses and it's heartbreaking when you find out you know," she tells me. "So then you go out to find a pair of glasses he might like and there’s no good ones. I mean, a few of them are cute for a day, but kids should have options." Stefani says it's been fun for her to do a junior line because she's trying to do it in a way where if someone has a small petite face, "like my sister-in-law does," she tells me, they can find a fun and mature pair of optical lenses in the gx junior's line.  Stefani wanted to create a sunglasses line for as long as she can remember and is frustrated it's taken this long to create. But at the same time, "it's always God's timing. I never even thought about doing optical. But as soon as my eyesight started going, I needed reading glasses. So now I’m so into designing the optical, that part of it is so fun because once you need something and it’s on your face, you want to make it look good.” She says her favorite thing about designing eyewear is how inclusive it is. “I really enjoyed doing the collections with L.A.M.B. in the early days and I got to do fashion shows and be part of fashion week, where I had no business being,” she says jokingly. “But I loved it so much and it was so exciting but it feels like that's a very specific body type with that kind of design and it’s really hard to include everyone. When you’re doing eyewear, it's the complete opposite. It doesn't matter what music you listen to or what kind of body type you have. I think there's something really satisfying about being able to reach that many people so i love doing the accessories, I think that's the most satisfying for me.” The gorgeous atmosphere, designed by LA's premiere event specialist, Gina Wade Creative, was adorned in Gwen's favorite color of the moment, yellow, perfect for the endless summer vibe. Guests sipped on a signature Belvedere-spiked lemonade, as well as Perrier Jouet champagne and Rioja wine. A fan favorite by all were sweet cups of summer love by McConnell's Fine Ice Creams. DJ Bad Ash spun some of Gwen's songs and classic throwbacks. Gwen danced around in a stunning black and white ruffled Zimmerman dress and took photos while "Poison" by Bel Biv DeVoe played to the crowd. From aviators to oversized rounds, the new lines incorporate trends and classic looks featuring metal accents, color blocking, marble and tortoise,  bright, bold colors, florals and more. Written by: Eva BarraganPhotography: Jerritt Clark Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   You might have heard of Amazon’s drone delivery, Prime Air, or the Amazon Echo (Alexa) butAmazon is now on to their next smart machine: a fashion designer. Lab126, the San Francisco-based Amazon research center, has recently developed an artificialintelligence that can recognize fashion trends and popular styles. The machine can then createit’s own clothing articles (from scratch) based on its findings. More clearly stated, Amazon has created tech that can design clothes. According to the MIT Technology Review, human designers thankfully are not out of work just yet. Humans have a creative, original, and artistic ability that machines have yet to duplicate. How would you feel about wearing clothes designed by machinery? Written by Devin Hendricks Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Fear of God brand leader Jerry Lorenzo took to Instagram yesterday (August 24) to preview some upcoming outfits from his "Back to School Essentials" collection set to release sometime next month. Featuring some hooded sweatshirts stitched with the brand's iconic "F" also previewed an all-over printed Fear of God backpack that should surely sell out within seconds. The piece is such a hot commodity that Lorenzo even captioned a picture of the bag saying, "...in response to your dm's and @'s... the all-over print backpack we made for my little guy is dropping next month... @fog #essentials lookbook hits tmrw." There's also rumor that the brand will once again collaborate with Vans to make another rendition of the classic sneaker draped in Fear of God print. The full lookbook drops today, but while we wait, head over to Jerry Lorenzo's account on Instagram to get a sneak peek of what's to come.  Written by Corey Fuller Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   With the season finale of one of HBO's top shows, Game of Thrones quickly approaching, New York City-based brand Billionaire Boys Club has joined forces with the television series to create a unique piece of merchandise. A black varsity jacket supported by brown sleeves, along with the combination of the Game of Throne accents with the classic BBC logo, this merch should have every hypebeast on the tip of their toes. According to the Billionaire Boys Club's account, customers interested in the exclusive piece will have to visit the New York flagship store for more information on how to "win" the jacket. Hypebeast reports the drawing for the jackets will come Sunday after the season finale airs on HBO. Would you cop this exclusive collaboration?   Written by Corey Fuller Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Ben wears PRADA suit, turtleneck, and belt.  PRADA jacket and t-shirt. Ben O'Toole | Photos by Carlos Serrao|Credits: PRADA suit, turtleneck, and belt. Darkness breeds growth. flailing blindly in a black void forces the weakest of us to become strong – to face the consequences, all else be damned. Darkness forces change. Darkness forces innovation. Darkness forces effort.        Ben O’Toole, the 27-year-old actor best known for his appearances in period movies like The Water Diviner (2014), Factory 293 (2014), Hacksaw Ridge (2016), and Detroit (2017), sees a light in the darkness; the opportunities for growth and discovery that it offers. One could even say he’s a bit nostalgic for a darker age.  “Human beings were more curious. We knew less back then and we were still mystified. I would love to play something from the medieval times because I feel that the everyday for those people was solely focused on survival,” O’Toole says. “Living like that hardens you and I think it would be an interesting time to explore. It seemed like you couldn’t go anywhere without being killed by disease, famine, or war, and only the strong survived.” PRADA jacket and t-shirt. Flip the switch and individuality scatters like cockroaches in the light. We end up staring at each other with gaping and envious eyes, wanting what the other has and what we don’t, and then try to rid ourselves of that green envy by becoming carbon copies of each other. According to O’Toole, “Many of us have a grass is greener mentality and often covet what our neighbors have, but don’t want to do anything to earn it.”  Maybe it’s just human nature to run through the dark while pretending we know what the hell we’re doing, but where others might get lost, O’Toole thrives. He carries the weight of his words with a sense of confident self-awareness, perhaps not because he pretends the darkness isn’t there, but rather because he embraces it and invites it into himself.  PRADA jacket, t-shirt, and pants. “I try to remember that my opinion of myself is unique to everyone else’s opinion of me, and to accept that,” O’Toole says. “Trying to look at the bigger picture takes off a lot of the responsibility we place upon ourselves.” The challenge, then, is to just move forward, even if it means taking a leap into the unknown. “The worst thing that can happen is that you fail,” he says simply. “That’s it. If my dream doesn’t happen I will still be able to live with myself if I know I put everything I have into this. Imagine on your deathbed asking the question, ‘what if I had given it a go?’ Talk about regretting your life. Commit or go home.”  Drop, Cover and Hold On series: Halston Sage |  Bria Vinaite | Lakeith Stanfield | Joe Keery | Sophia Lillis | Ben O'Toole Written by Chelsey SanchezPhotographer: Carlos SerraoStylist: Mui-Hai Chu using Prada fall/winter '17Hair/Groomer: Sascha Breuer Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Image via Twitter, @HAIMtheband Why just sell your band tees while you're on tour? Sister trio Haim wants you to be able to show your love of them, wherever, whenever. New "WTF is a HAIM?" shirts are now available at Urban Outfitters. Danielle, Este, and Alana dropped the HAIM ON HAIM collection, featuring tees that run from $25 to $30 dollars, along with the availability of their second studio album, Something To Tell You, in a vinyl two disc set for $30. You can rock "Go HAIM or go home" in white or black, the title of their latest single "Right Now," or their band logo, styled your way. Shirts are also available online at HAIM’s website. Written by Alexandria Johnson   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Images via Moncler Moncler is here with yet another collaboration featuring young British designer Craig Green to bring the Moncler C Collection. After just releasing combo lines with other labels like Off—White, White Mountaineering, and Visvim, Moncler is back to add another duo to their list of high-rolling collabs. Bringing together Green’s vision along with Moncler’s legendary background gives the collection a dark feel.  Some pieces from the collection feature mace-tag bands, signature pieces from Green’s designs, shaping the outerwear’s silhouette into reinvented structures. The Moncler C collection will be released at Moncler’s Madison Avenue flagship location in New York on September 6 and nationwide at select Moncler boutiques September 14. Written by Alex Ceballos Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   #KARLLAGERFELD x @vans ... 07.09.17. Be ready! #VansxKARLLAGERFELD Karl Lagerfeld is collaborating with Vans for a capsule collection. The capsule, six interpretations of Vans footwear and apparel, will include the Sk8-Hi laceless platform, Old Skool laceless styles and a solid black leather Classic Slip on. Some of the sneakers will feature quilted letter-shaped detail with white platform soles. The collection will also include bomber jackets, backpacks and graphic tees with an image of Lagerfeld wearing a Vans checkerboard tie. Prices for the highly anticipated collaboration will range from $40 to $300.  The capsule will launch on September 7 just in time for fashion week. Written by Robyn Merrett  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Queen Bey gave fans a first look at Jay-Z’s Puma sneakers when she stepped out yesterday to attend the 4:44 tour rehearsal. The exclusive peach Pumas are detailed with 1:44, one of a limited edition of 44, from Hova’s new collaboration with the athletic wear brand.  Beyonce showed off the sneakers in an Instagram video giving followers a close-up of the shoe and the track listing printed onto the insole. She styled the sneakers with a vibrant Stella McCartney shirt, a see-now-buy-now bag from Off-White and gold jewelry.  The Puma sneakers have yet to be released to the public. Written by Robyn Merrett Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The end of yet another summer draws fast at our heels, licking up sunlight and beach days in its wake. No matter, because the essence of summer still thrives poolside at the Sixty Hotel in Beverly Hills, a glittering oasis where Elite models sunbathe, strike a pose, and answer some of our latest poolaroid questions. Get up close and personal with these classic summertime beauties on our Instagram @flauntmagazine, and check out what they had to say below. Do you have a special talent? I can twitch my eyes. Who's number is on your speed dial? My boyfriend, mom and my best friend. What is your fav spot in LA? Melrose. What do you carry in your bag? Headphones, lighter always and almonds. Who's your favorite model? Candice Swanepoel.  Do you have a special talent? I can wiggle my ears! Who's number is on your speed dial? My mom, my grandmother, my boyfriend. What is your fav spot in LA? Anywhere that sells coffee. What do you carry in your bag? Snacks, lipgloss, sunglasses. Who's your favorite model? Karlie Kloss. What are your top 3 IG accounts you follow? Virgomood - even though I'm a Leo.Soulightmovement. Nasa. What takes the most of your time? Instagram. What is one thing you can't live without? Chocolate and cell phone. How did you pick your outfit this morning? I wore it yesterday! Do you have any rituals? Meditation, collecting crystals. Do you have a special talent? I love shooting photography! It's so amazing to use my creativity on the other side of the lens. Who's number is on your speed dial? My entire support system: mom, dad, sister, my best friends. I don't know how I'd survive without them. What is your fav spot in LA? Venice Canals, hands down. What do you carry in your bag? Cell phone, a good read and my makeup essentials, lip gloss and mascara. Who's your favorite model? Hailey Clausen. Photographed and Produced by Linda Nyvltova Special thanks to Sixty Hotel BH (@sixtyhotels, @abovesixtybh, #SIXTYbevhills) All models with Elite Model Management (@eliteLA)   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   This page and opposite: PRADA coat, bralette, and skirt. Sophia wears PRADA cardigan, skirt, and shoes. Once ignited, it’s hard to tame a brushfire. watch its flames lick up the sides of hills or down the slope of a valley, leaving cinders where there had once been life, making room for the new life to come. Artists are like this (good and memorable artists, at least), in the way that they arrive to a scene and revolutionize the conventional, killing the old and outdated for the new and unseen. Sophia Lillis lit her match and is starting her own artistic wildfire – and she won’t be easily extinguished. Sophia wears PRADA cardigan, skirt, and shoes. After shedding sparks at the Lee Strasberg Theatre & Film Institute, and in countless theatre productions and film projects, she has officially caught fire with her new role as Beverly Marsh in It, the film adaptation of Stephen King’s infamous horror novel. The film, to be released this September, revolves around a band of childhood friends – endearingly called “The Losers’ Club” – who are antagonized by a demonic killer clown. Beverly Marsh is the only girl member of the club, and, according to Lillis, “She’s ready to fight – in fact you could almost say she’s looking for a fight. She never thinks about running away.” PRADA cardigan. In the same vein, Lillis herself rises to the occasion with the indomitable flare of a phoenix. “There are good days and bad days,” she says, “and it’s really hard when you have a bad day on set, especially because you feel like you’re letting everyone down. But then there are the good days and everything flips around. So you just have to keep going and moving forward.” Move forward she does, because that’s what actresses and fighters and phoenixes must do. Real artists don’t succumb to the burns and bumps and scrapes of Hollywood – they are birthed because of them, a nativity scene full of flame. Brushfire or phoenix or whatever metaphor you’d prefer, the bottom line is that Lillis can take the heat. Drop, Cover and Hold On series: Halston Sage |  Bria Vinaite | Lakeith Stanfield | Joe Keery | Sophia Lillis | Ben O'Toole Written by Chelsey Sanchez   Photographed by Carlos Serrao   Styled by Mui-Hai Chu featuring prada fall/winter 2017 Hair: Sascha BreuerMakeup: Kristen Hilton The Aftershock Issue: New America Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Image via Jeremy Scott  It’s time to relive your early 2000s fantasies with Jeremy Scott’s new collaboration with Ugg. The limited edition collection will drop September 13 and feature eight various sequined, flamed, and bedazzled boots for men, women, and children. Needless to say, these boots are far from subtle.  A pair of Scott’s decked out Ugg boots could cost you anywhere from $90 to $1,195. Definitely more than your typical Ugg boot.  Check out images from the desert-themed campaign with rapper Lil Yachty and model Jasmine Sanders. Let us know what you think. Would you spend $1,195 for these Uggs? Written By Knia Cotton Images by Marcus Mam Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Aloni Midi Bra/ Aloni Tight | Image via Instagram Demi Lovato seems to be keeping herself busy these days with the launch of her new Fabletics line, performing at the Hot 100 Fest, turning 25, (August 20) and now she has officially announced her upcoming album, too.  And don't forget: she will also be singing the national anthem at the Mayweather vs. McGregor showdown this weekend. Phew, we needed a big breath just to get all that out!  Earlier today, (August 23) Demi tweeted out that her new album would be titled, Tell Me You Love Me and Lovatics will be able to pre-order it at midnight ET. The official release date is September 29.  In the meantime, Lovatics don't forget to shop the Demi Lovato Collection, a line she teamed up with Kate Hudson to create because of her love to work out! She told WWD in an interview that, "[Fabletics] is perfect because I work out every single day except for Sundays and I am always in workout wear and ath-leisure, as you call it." Written by Evelyn Mateos Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Skepta | Image c/o Nike After teasing an upcoming collaboration via his Instagram page for over a week, British grime star Skepta has unveiled his new collaboration with Nike. In accordance with the #SkAIR hashtag, the emcee brings an exclusive colorway to one of the brand’s most famous silhouette, the Air Max 97. With a combination of red, black/brown, and highlighter green, Skepta’s methodical color choice creates a very distinct and eye-catching edition of one of his all-time favorite sneakers. In an interview with Nike he says, “I have been wearing Air Max for so long, since I was seven playing around in the estate; I feel like I know my Air Max well.” Skepta is not new to apparel collaborations either, considering his collaboration with lifestyle brand “No Fear” sold out online instantly and his own personal line “MAINS” is making waves in the fashion world. According to his Instagram, the Air Max 97 is scheduled to release on September 2. In the meantime, Skepta and his Boy Better Know collective ready their massive “BBK Takeover” event this weekend at London’s O2 Arena. Written by Corey Fuller Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    PRADA jacket and sweater.  PRADA jacket and sweater. Lakeith Stanfield | Photos by Carlos Serrao | PRADA jacket, sweater, pants, and belt. “I was just reflecting on how many opportunities I have being from California,” Lakeith Stanfield, who has played roles in the likes of movies such as Straight Outta Compton (2015) and Get Out (2017), tells me, “how fortunate I am to be born in a place where I can pursue my goals. Not everyone has that.”  Opportunities are like ripples in water: starting out with just one touch, they metamorphose from tiny to small to big to bigger circles; shifting waves that, when channeled by those with the dedication and talent necessary to make most of them, eventually lap up onto the shore of success.  PRADA sweater, pants, belt, and necklace.  Stanfield speaks like a man who has touched ground on these shores, wisdom flowing from his tongue in a way that soothes the ear. His wisdom can boil, like when he speaks of the passion and dedication required in both relationships and art:  “Commitment in human relationships is devotion and sacrifice. Consistency and a willingness to see each endeavor through to its final product when it comes to art.” His wisdom can freeze, like when he talks of the personal perils in taking leaps of faith: “I’ve risked being judged in order to speak what I think.”  And, as is the nature of water, he dips in and out of different phases and forms, calling out the state of humanity when it comes to that classic dichotomy between pop culture and fine art, saying, “Pop culture is constantly in a state of metamorphosis. As we evolve so do our tastes and interests. Also our capacity for more information. What we consider to be fine art tries to pull from the pool of pop culture to set an oftentimes arbitrary pedestal derived from a select and revered few.” Lakeith wears PRADA sweater, pants, belt, and necklace.  Is it cyclical of man to precipitate knowledge from the clouds of thought that fog his mind? Is it cyclical of magazines to treat interview questions like a philosophy course more often than they treat it like an actual interview? Perhaps. But science, and life, dictate that there are cycles for a reason. For water, it is to renew the resources of earth. For man, it is to renew the spirits of the mind. And, to that, Stanfield imparts some lasting, timeless knowledge to us: “Confidence is moving in the direction of fear, despite fear. If it’s not that, then it’s not confidence, it’s just being blind. Even though you know you’re scared, knowing you can push through.”  Drop, Cover and Hold On series: Halston Sage |  Bria Vinaite | Lakeith Stanfield | Joe Keery | Sophia Lillis | Ben O'Toole Written by Chelsey Sanchez   Photographed by Carlos Serrao   Styled by Mui-Hai Chu featuring prada fall/winter 2017 Hair: Sascha BreuerMakeup: Kristen Hilton The Aftershock Issue: New America Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Paying homage to his city and love for the East Coast, ASAP Ferg recently collaborated withSony Music subsidiary merchandise arm Thread Shop to create his East Coast capsule collection currently selling exclusively at PacSun.  Frances Wong, VP of Thread Shop, noted that the goal for the collection is to "give the retail fans an opportunity to be a part of Ferg’s lifestyle with this collection. [Ferg] is passionate about fashion and knows very clearly what he wants."  Ferg is known for his cozy and minimal style which he incoporated into his collection with vintage-like t-shirts, long-sleeves, and hoodies. For him, this collection is personal. "I created the East Coast PacSun collab because I wanted to bring pride back to my city and the coast as a whole," Ferg tells Flaunt. 'The shorts and the hoodie in the collection give an extra cozy and comfortable vibe." Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Gucci and Bergdorf Goodman are introducing the Gucci Décor line with a temporary installation followed by a permanent shop. The iconic department store will be the first retailer to carry the highly anticipated collection. The collaboration coincides with New York Fashion week and will debut September 6 and remain on view through October. The installation will reside on the Bergdorf’s seventh floor space and will feature five different wallpapers from the collection, accented with bold decorative folding screens, as well as unique jacquard vanity seat and wooden chairs. The permanent boutique will be the epitome of Gucci’s eccentric aesthetic. The shop will showcase yellow walls and a floral carpet adorned with pieces from the collection. Bergdorf Goodman will also be installing a coordinating installation on the second floor women’s ready-to-wear shop.  Goodman's windows will celebrate the collaboration with Gucci by integrating the collection with Gucci House to create a vibrant and energetic vibe for all to view on the sidewalk. Read more about the collection here.   Written by Robyn Merrett Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Off-White™ c/o @Converse "70s Chuck Taylor" photography c/o @tyronelebon "What we’re talking about here is larger than sneakers, it’s larger than design culture,’ says Virgil Abloh as he describes his new sneaker collaboration with Nike. The design project, The Ten, will recreate ten of the most iconic footwear styles including the Air Jordan I, Air Max 90, Air Force 1 Low, Converse Chuck Taylor and more. The Off White creative director describes the shoes as those that have broken barriers in performance and style. The ten styles are separated into two themes, “Revealing” and “Ghosting,” featuring open-cut designs and translucent uppers. All ten sneakers exhibit a distinct red zip tie through the laces and Abloh’s signature Helvetica typeface.  The first five sneakers of “The Ten” project: the Air Jordan I, Nike Blazer, Nike Air Presto, Nike Air Max 90 and Nike Air VaporMax, will be pre-released in New York City (September 9-13), London (September 18-22), Milan (September 21-25) and Paris (September 26-30) at Nike Lab stores. The full collection will launch in November. Written by Robyn Merrett Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    GUESS denim jacket, MURMUR dress and skirt, and SOLID AND STRIPED body suit.  NICOLE MILLER dress, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes, and YVY belt.  GUESS denim jacket, MURMUR dress and skirt, SOLID AND STRIPED body suit, and GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes.  GUESS coat and shirt, SHOP CURVE tank top, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes, and STEFERE ring. Camila Cabello | All photos by Mitchell Nguyen McCormack | Credits: GUESS coat and shirt, and SHOP CURVE tank top. I’m standing in the driveway of a beautiful house in Silver Lake waiting to interview none other than Ms. Camila Cabello herself, just months before she releases her first solo album: The Hurting, The Healing, The Loving. I’m here today to ask the Cubana-Mexicana and living breathing American dream about her highly publicized departure from Fifth Harmony, being in the studio with legendary producer Pharrell, and what in the world would compel a fifteen-year-old Latina girl to trade in her Quinceañera dress for a ten-hour car ride to North Carolina. “I asked my mom to drive me (from Miami to Greensboro, N.C.) to audition for The X Factor as my fifteenth birthday present,” Cabello tells me as we sit outside the set of her second photo-shoot of the day, recounting her journey of joining Fifth Harmony. Cabello originally auditioned as a solo act for the show but was cut and then brought back to be placed in a group with four other girls who were also told they would be stronger as a quintet. Clearly, the judges of The X Factor knew what they were talking about. During her time with Fifth Harmony, Cabello and the group received forty-nine awards, including four iHeartRadio Music Awards, Two People’s Choice Awards and an American Music Award for the group’s collaboration with Ty Dolla $ign, “Work from Home.” NICOLE MILLER jacket, LA PERLA dress, and GUESS t-shirt. With success on the rise and the group’s hard work finally paying off, “Harmonizers” – as Fifth Harmony fans call themselves – were shocked to hear that Cabello was saying goodbye to the group and hello to a journey all her own in December of last year. Cabello says being exposed to her parent’s bravery when they migrated from Cuba to the U.S. when she was only seven years old is what gave her the strength to leave the group in the middle of their professional peak. “Everything we’ve gone through as a family has given me a different perspective on life,” she says. “We’ve started over so many times. My parents came with no money, no friends, not even a house. Nothing. And it was just always about, ‘I’m not happy where I am now. I don’t know what’s going to happen in the future but I can’t stay here.’ It’s always been about just being brave enough to make that move.” ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER dress, SOLID AND STRIPED body suit, KREWE sunglasses, and YVY necklace.  And moves she is making. Cabello acknowledges she probably wouldn’t have developed a curiosity for songwriting without Fifth Harmony nor the work ethic it takes to be a well-respected artist. “There’s a healthy amount of competitiveness that exists within a group,” she says. “Everybody wants to add something to the table.” As a solo artist, Cabello has already caught the attention of big names in the industry including Charli XCX, Ryan Tedder, Ed Sheeran and Pharrell, just to name a few. Cabello tells me working with amazing songwriters whom she personally admires is what has given her the confidence to have a say in every step of producing The Hurting, The Healing, The Loving. NICOLE MILLER dress, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes, and YVY belt. Most of the songs on Cabello’s debut album are intoxicatingly sexy and deeply intimate. Listening to her lyrics, you might be lead to believe that she has been tragically heartbroken time and time again. In actuality, the songs on Cabello’s album, while all rooted in real life experiences, take their sense of heartbreak more from the tropes of the singer-songwriter’s Latin musical culture. “Latin music has influenced me in every way. Even in “I’ll Never Be the Same.” That was about a boy that I was with for like three months, not even, it was like two months and I’m just like, ‘you’re the one...it’s you!’” she tells me as we both begin to crack up over our shared understanding of the “drama” that can be extracted from Latin culture. As I watch a few clips from Cabello’s The Hurting, The Healing, The Loving, I can hear Latin influences such as Celia Cruz and Spanish rock band Maná in the lyrics of her songs and in her overall demeanor on stage. GUESS jacket, MURMUR mesh top, ISABEL MARANT printed top available at Shop Curve, SOLID AND STRIPED body suit, DEAR FRANCES shoes, and REVÉ sunglasses.  Cabello tells me coming from Miami has given her a special appreciation not only for her own culture, but for every culture that she encountered in what she calls “the melting pot.”  “I think what surprised me so much about this new America is that I felt like in Miami there was never any kind of intolerance or bias. With Trump as president it’s just been kind of uncovered, or maybe I just didn’t see it before. It’s scary to think that there’s still so much intolerance in the world.” Cabello tells me that songwriting serves as an outlet for her to process her emotions. The Hurting is what she experienced before the making of the album and the creation of it has been her closure, her healing. “I really feel like it saved me,” she says. “Through the process of writing it and getting it off my chest I was confronting it for the first time. There’s no separation between who I am as an artist and who I am as a person. So once I feel I’m done with a project that talks about one thing, I’m completely done.” Cabello’s song “I Have Questions” is actually about the pain of a friendship ending, which in Cabello’s opinion is worse than romantic heartbreak. “In a romantic relationship you think, this is amazing, this is beautiful, I love this person, but there’s a part of you that’s always prepared for it to end. I feel with a friendship you think it’s going to last forever. You start to consider that person like your family and so you don’t see an end to that. So when it’s like a shocking or abrupt ending that’s worse.” PREEN BY THORNTON BREGEZZI dress, GUESS corset, SOLID AND STRIPED body suit, DEAD LOTUS COUTURE leggings, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes, and PIERS ATKINSON headpiece.  While Cabello has discovered how to navigate the realm of friendships, romantic relationships are still a topic she achingly desires to gain further experience in. Moving forward, Cabello will be opening for Bruno Mars on her first solo tour and already knows she wants to experience something she constantly fantasizes about before writing her next album: falling in love. As we’re getting ready to wrap up the interview I can’t help but think that to an outsider looking in Cabello probably seems like a complete Hollywood Glamazon, strutting in front of the camera dressed in higher-than-life Giuseppe Zanotti heels. But the truth is, Cabello is just a twenty-year-old musician from Miami, swaying her hips to Calle 13 and marching to the beat of her own Cubana drum. She really is the epitome of the American Dream. However bruised or battered it may seem at the moment, the dream is real and Cabello is living it. Written by Eva BarraganPhotographed by Mitchell Nguyen McCormack.Styled by Deborah FergusonHair: Peter Savic for Opus Beauty.Makeup: Allan Avendaño using L’Oreal for Starworks Artists.Retouching: Duo Vision.Location courtesy of Estudio Los Feliz estudiolosfeliz.com. The Aftershock Issue: New America Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   As a response to the hate and racism displayed last week in Charlottesville, Virginia, outspoken Run the Jewels rapper Killer Mike released a small collection of Anti-Confederate merch to take action against White Supremacy and neo-Nazis. They can be purchased here. The line of T-shirts, hoodies, tanks and even coffee mugs, subtly pokes fun at the conflict between confederates of the south and the rest of the US by featuring a scoreboard of winners and losers— depicting the US as clear winners.  Killer Mike isn’t afraid to speak his mind when it comes to the injustices occurring in America. He frequently shares his thoughts on social media or in interviews with political figures like he did in 2016 with then presidential democratic party candidate Bernie Sanders. Take action by checking out Killer Mikes merch and as the rapper says, “Stay losing, losers! Stay losing.”   Written by Knia Cotton Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   PRADA suit, and shirt.  Like a lucky sailor making the most of a good gale, Joe Keery is cruising to success at a heady clip, wielding the many blowing breezes of life to his advantage. What else do you say about a guy who graduated from The Theatre School at DePaul University, rocks out as the guitarist in Chicago-based band Post Animal, and plays the bad-boy-every-girl-hates-to-love on the hit series Stranger Things?  It’s a fitting metaphor for a man of his type who rides from success to success like a navigator helming a ship, manipulating the winds to his advantages. For a good navigator, that might sometimes mean allowing those draughts to blow him whichever direction they please, just because he knows he can make do wherever he lands.  PRADA suit, and shirt.  “For what I would be doing otherwise,” Keery says, pondering how his time would be spent if not for acting, “it’s hard to say. Something in the arts I guess. Music would be my first answer, but so far in life the two have come hand in hand, one fueling the other, so that feels like a cheap answer. I like to write stories. I like history. If this hadn’t worked out the way it had, odds are I would be still working at a bar trying just as hard to make something happen. The chase is an equally dull and incredibly exciting time.”   PRADA suit, shirt, shoes, and belt.  That calm in the face of uncertainty is reminiscent of the character he plays on Stranger Things, who faces winds of change that would blow many of us away. The character, Keery says, “is someone going through a massive change, things shifting without your control.” Keery has been busy in the break between Stranger Things seasons, the second scheduled to air this October. He lends his acting chops to dramas Molly’s Game and Shotgun, the first an Aaron Sorkin-directed biopic about an Olympic hopeful skier who gets embroiled in a risky international poker ring; the second an indie film from two first-time directors about a couple’s relationship after one of them receives a life-altering medical diagnosis. Keery’s quirkier upcoming project is Slice, a campy horror comedy about a pizza delivery boy turned serial killer whose co-stars include Chance the Rapper as a “disgraced werewolf.”  PRADA coat, sweater, and pants.  Winds are also forces of nature that shift without your control; they can be as shaky and unpredictable as they are robust and dynamic. Life comes at you fast, and all you can do, then, is stand in the eye of the hurricane to witness it all. When asked about the last time he second guessed himself, Keery answered in his own cheeky whirlwind of a way: “Answering all of these questions.” Drop, Cover and Hold On series: Halston Sage |  Bria Vinaite | Lakeith Stanfield | Joe Keery | Sophia Lillis | Ben O'Toole Photos by Carlos SerraoStyling by Mui-Hai ChuHair: David CoxMakeup: Sarah UslanManicure: Camille BlackPhotographed at Hubble Studio The Aftershock Issue: New America Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Images via Phelan and photographed by Casper Sejersen Debuting only two years ago, New York fashion label Phelan is making its mark in the industry with its approach on modern fashion. Creative director Amanda Phelan found a way to bring together a futuristic aesthetic by illustrating an integrative approach to design. The knitwear brand features innovative cuts, retro patterns, and bold colors.  With a strong background in dance, Phelan was able to incorporate an energetic element to her newest collection, which will be her fourth. Lots of movement and flow are shown in her latest editorials, which are photographed by Casper Sejersen and features Canadian model Amber Witcomb. The images portray a dated scenery with contemporary design giving life to the brand's theme. Phelan wanted to create a new perspective from past childhood sketches. Even her brother Benjamin Phelan, a sculptor from New York, featured some of his work in the lookbook known as "noodles."  Images via Phelan photographed by Casper Sejersen Along with the lookbook, the brand came out with a short film emphasizing the labels movement towards cutting-edge fashion. Directed by New Media ltd, the film features an integrated cast of models dancing, and frolicking throughout dramatic scenery bringing a lively atmosphere. The film also goes into a 3D futuristic world created by ribbons where her patterns and silhouettes actually come to life. Even the model's faces were scanned to fit into their characters to show exact resemblances. The film is unlike anything seen in fashion and brings a new take on fashion films.   Phelan's new collection will launch in September alongside a 360-degree shoot by Chadwick Tyler. Viewers will be able to get a glimpse at the items in a new way by being able to focus in with immense detail. Whether it be for Phelan's avant-garde designs or visionary creative media, Phelan is a label you are going to want to keep an eye on.  Written by Alex Ceballos  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Halston Sage | Photographed by Carlos Serrao | Credits: PRADA coat Light that enters a prism refracts to become a rainbow, its beams bent and manipulated into something that stuns. There are people who are not used to that kind of light, who see brightness as something foreign and strange. There are others who would rather the light not enter their life at all, afraid of what it might reveal. Then, there are those who invite the light in – who, despite themselves and whatever fears they may harbor, are bursting at the seams with it – and the inevitable glow that follows testifies to the strength of their character.  “Risk taking is a part of life,” actress Halston Sage says, her words as incandescent as she is. “If you never take risks, you will never know what you are capable of doing. I am a big believer in making choices in life that are true to your values and your heart. If you know that the risk you are taking is for a cause that is true to what you believe in, then even if you fail, you will not have any regrets – you can only learn from the experience.” Halston wears PRADA coat, cardigan, and skirt. She invites that light in with the kind of unfathomable and admirable optimism that comes with being young, talented, and beautiful in Hollywood. So far, it seems to work for her. You might recognize her from films like Paper Towns (2015), You Get Me (2017), and Before I Fall (2017), or from FOX’s upcoming series The Orville, which premieres this September. She beams in each. Even in scenes that aren’t necessarily the happiest, sparks gleam through. Light refracts. Rainbows materialize.   Halston wears PRADA dress and shoes. “One tendency I’ve noticed in the past has been the stereotyping of female roles,” Sage says, “but I really feel like we are moving into a time of strong female characters. What I loved so much about my character Alara is the fact that she is not only the youngest crew member of The Orville, but she also happens to be the strongest. She is the Chief of Security for an entire spaceship despite her size and gender and I am so grateful to Seth [MacFarlane] for that.” In a world seemingly eclipsed by manmade darkness, Sage’s ardor is refreshing. Some people are just made of light.  Drop, Cover and Hold On series: Halston Sage |  Bria Vinaite | Lakeith Stanfield | Joe Keery | Sophia Lillis | Ben O'Toole Written by Chelsey Sanchez   Photographed by Carlos Serrao   Styled by Mui-Hai Chu featuring Prada fall/winter 2017  The Aftershock Issue: New America Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   In the latest installment of the Poolaroid Q&A Series, Flaunt meets fourhandsome faces from L.A. Models. We talk fashion, guilty pleasures, and staying cool, all straight from the heart of Hollywood at the iconic Roosevelt Hotel. Take a dip and follow us at @flauntmagazine@flauntmagazine for more.  What model do you most look up to? I grew up watching Formula 1 on weekends and I went through all possible emotions for every lap Airton Senna would do. He was an amazing pilot and human being, so I really look up to his motivational words.  What is your guilty pleasure? My guilty pleasure is chocolate. I just love it and sometimes I can't help myself. What are you currently reading? Right now I am reading Anna Karenina from Tolstoy and studying a couple of plays that we are putting up for scene studies. I am a big fan of literature. What would be on the menu for your "last dinner?" Oh that's a tough one. I believe the choice would be an amazing dish that my mom prepares with cod fish and vegetables. Mommy's food is always the best.  What is the craziest thing you've ever done? I believe the craziest thing was to drop my mechanical engineer career to follow a very different path. It required a lot of craziness and courage at that moment, but right now, I am writing this with a big smile on my face.  What model do you most look up to?  Fabio. That hair is legendary. What is your guilty pleasure? Spongebob Squarepants.  What are you currently reading? I just started The Mind's Eye by Henri Cartier Bresson. Did you see any art show recently, you liked? Not really a show, but follow Mark Maggiori @markmaggiori everything that guy paints is ridiculously amazing  What is the craziest thing you've ever done? Spend a Christmas in Romania. What are you doing next weekend? No idea. What is one thing you can't live without? Meaning.  What are you currently reading? Blue Exorcist. What is the craziest thing you've ever done? Getting my pilots license. What is your favorite childhood memory? Getting lost in the mountains. Do you have a special talent? I'm actually an actor. IMBD me. What current trend do you hate? I really hate this "I don't give a fuck about anything" trend. Not giving a fuck about things isn't cool, it's boring. Having passion, caring for others, being driven and being honest with yourself, that shit is cool.  What do you do when you're not modeling? Acting, auditions, acting classes, playing with my cute ass dog, scheming with my girlfriend so we can take over the world.  What would be on the menu for your last dinner? A chocolate chip cookie. What takes up most of your time? See answers above.  Written by Linda Nyvltova Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   A sneak peak at the new Lebron James Nike Air Zoom Generation retro can be seen here via solecollector.  On October 29th, 2003 Lebron James made his NBA debut with the Cleveland Cavaliers against the Sacramento Kings. It was in that game that King James wore white and black colorway Nike Air Zoom Generations. The sneakers that were idolized by many haven’t been available since December 2003. Sneakerheads can now look for the original colorway to release on August 26, 2017 for $175.   Written by Robyn Merrett Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                    Images via Dover Street Market Russian designer Gosha Rubchinskiy is releasing his second delivery from his Fall/Winter 2017 menswear collection at Dover Street Market New York on Thursday (August 18). The collection features sportswear, footwear, accessories, and collaborative pieces with Adidas. Rubchinskiy combined bold prints and bright colors to highlight his collection. The plaid printed scarf is sure to be an eye-catching part on your outfit. The Adidas collaboration crew-neck sweater is also a must have for any Gosha fan and comes in three different colorways.  Images via Dover Street Market The collection drops at 11am EST Thursday at Dover Street Market New York. If you can't make it in-store make sure to log onto DSMNY E-flash site, an online platform dedicated to product launches. Written by Alex Ceballos Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Rihanna released the sock collection that everyone’s always wanted. The collaboration with Fenty and Stance Muse will have everyone’s feet looking fabulous through its display of RiRi’s famous fashion moments. The “Iconic Collection” incorporates two different sock boxes: The Rihanna Award Show Box featuring two sets of socks with her best red carpet moments and the Rihanna Music Video Box that has two sets of socks with her best music video looks. The socks are selling out fast so get Bad Gal RiRi on your toes while you still can. stance.com Written by: Morgan Vickery Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Pat McGrath, the world renown makeup artist famous for her glittery lip kits and shimmery eye pigments, is set to release a full 61-piece makeup collection. If you weren’t able to get your hands on one her seven mini collection drops at Sephora, you will now be able to buy her makeup online at patmcgrath.com on September 16th. McGrath continues to bless the makeup industry, whether she’s painting faces for the runway, glamming celebrities for events, or serving as an inspiration to all the beauty moguls out there. For the past 2 years, when Pat wasn’t backstage at fashion week or cuting up A-Listers, she was dreaming and creating the perfect makeup collection. Pat McGrath for Margiela The Pat McGrath Labs unlimited edition collection will release in four waves: a pre-sale this month for select e-mail subscribers, then 40 shades of lipstick will be released on September 16th, and on September 28th, 11 shades of lip liner, 5 shades of eyeliner, a mascara, and an eyeshadow palette in three color-ways. Last but not least, the collection will be released at Sephora starting October 6th. To learn more about Pat McGrath Labs unlimited edition collection click here. Written by: Morgan Vickery Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017          After long anticipation, Supreme has finally dropped their newest look book for Fall/Winter 2017. They unveiled a large variety of T-shirts, sweats, tops, and jackets that will surely get you through winter. In this collection Supreme has brought back their epochal Playboy collaboration, played with daring prints, and brightly colored box logo pieces. Another highlight of the collection is a Scarface leather bomber jacket featuring Tony Montana (played by Al Pacino) displayed on both the front and back of the jacket.  Besides the wide variety of apparel, Supreme will also be releasing a collection of non-apparel collectable items. A few highlights from the collection of non-essentials would are hair clippers, chopsticks, a "Fuck the President" keychain, and even an all-white Fender Stratocaster electric guitar. With each new collection Supreme has included insane objects and accessories featuring the company’s signature logo that are fundamental to any fan. The new collection drops on August 17 at their New York, Los Angeles, Paris, and London locations.  Japan will have to wait until August 19. Supreme’s online store re-opens August 24. Be sure to check out the full collection on their website now. Written By Alex Ceballos  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Earlier today (August 14), the fashion mogul Victoria Beckham tweeted about her excitement over her new colour palette for her new collection. “The new cosmetic colour palette from my #VBAW17 Ready-to-Wear collection has arrived at http://victoriabeckham.com  and 36 Dover St London! x VB,” she wrote. Beckham also let the fashion world know that the collection is now available for pre-order on her website.  Everything from elegant black dresses to rib dresses can be found there. And, in some cases, they're already sold out! This pleated midi skirt made from red bordeaux wool is gone, folks: So check out the collection now, and while you're there don’t forget to check out her much anticipated second cosmetic collection with Estée Lauder, before it goes on sale on September 1st.   Evelyn Mateos Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   All Images c/o Helmut Lang Helmut Lang has announced their latest project, The Artist Series.  Through it,  12 visual artists will be selected by Editor-In-Residence Isabella Burley to collaborate with the brand. The Artists Series will showcase cult artworks that will be printed on T-shirts, posters, and special edition products. Walter Pfeiffer is the latest artist picked for this month, bringing his photography to be featured in a collaboration. In his images, Pfeiffer recalls the 1980s period of his career. He spent that time in Zürich, where he'd casted young Swiss models--some even from right off the street. The photographs he created focused on youth trying to find their way in the world. “I call them 'budget years’ but they were so-called ‘golden years,’ too,” Pfeiffer explains on Helmut Lang’s website. With Lang's recent campaign shot by Ethan James Green and featuring an intergenerational cast of progressive thinkers, new faces, and creative idols, the label appears to be going for a brand reset. They're promoting more artistic visuals and bringing in innovative icons. The Walter Pfeiffer collaboration will be released October 2017. Written By Alex Ceballos Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   It's official: Supreme has closed down their Fairfax Avenue location in Los Angeles, California. Since its opening in 2004, the West coast flagship store has built a huge fan base, one that no doubt is devastated to see their doors close. If you pass by the location, you will find the signature Supreme banner was taken down, a gated shop, and a sign implying there will be a new location. Supreme has not yet announced the whereabouts of the new Los Angeles flagship location but has made plans to open a new store in Brooklyn, New York. Written by Alex Ceballos Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017        Photo Via Yeezy Through analysis and research provided by Business of Fashion combined with search engine Lyst, Gucci has been deemed number one in the fashion world. No surprise there.  Their recent collections have been out of this world; literally. Alessandro Michele brought the label all the way to the top with his ability to design pieces that attract both millennial and Generation-Z consumers. Bringing in Glen Luchford to shoot their recent '5os sci-fi-inspired collection was a true marketing gold. Gucci knocked down French cult brand Vetements from first place to fourth. Taking second is Yeezy, keeping their number two spot on the charts. Balenciaga comes in taking third, rising from ninth, Demna Gvasalia’s intricate designs has provided the brand more of a streetwear lean, likely contributing to the label's ascent.  Photo Via Balenciaga On BOF's top ten labels list, a few other brands made a notable leaps. Givenchy, known for their dark sensual designs rose from twelfth to number five. The interest from the massive following of the Kardashian and Jenner clan likely helped the brand's boost. Valentino elevated, taking number six on the chart--far from their former rank at twenty three. Their rock stud accessories and camouflage designs have improved the label's performance drastically by attracting consumers of all ages. Fendi also was able to acquire a spot as number ten from twenty-two. Creative directors Karl Lagerfeld and Silvia Venturini Fendi added a frisky take on the luxury brand. Written By Alex Ceballos  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017         Danielle Guizio Burgeoning New York designer Danielle Guizio dresses millennials in head (and soon) to toe in relaxed downtown NYC style. The designs include a mix of bodysuits, bomber jackets, swimsuits, dresses, sweat suits, jewelry, and custom embroidery. The playful yet edgy garments reflect Danielle’s personal style stemming from the energy and hustle that exists in the New York air. Guizio’s clothes can be seen on the likes of Victoria Secret models, and stars like Hailey Baldwin, Bella Hadid, Halsey, and Kendall Jenner. We spoke to Danielle to find out more about her up-and-coming brand.  When did you start your brand and why? Three years ago. Before I started my company, I was finding myself endlessly frustrated, stuck in between wanting to dress “cool” but not having the funds to. I turned to vintage thrifting, customizing t-shirts and expressing myself that way with my friends. I’d save paychecks to spend on one single high-end piece that would only last me so long. I always felt unfulfilled working under someone else. No job or college class felt right. I went to fashion school but the vibe felt snooty when it didn’t have to be; we were all there for the same reason. It was a recipe of all those frustrations put together. The items of your collection are a perfect mix between edgy and girly with a relaxed and comfortable vibe. What are your inspirations for the designs that you create? What inspires me stems from a variety of thoughts, feelings, movies, shows, etc. When I reach for clothes in my closet my initial thoughts are, “Ok, well I want to dress comfortable but I also want to feel good.” I would use the word “sexy” but I don’t really like that word. I want my customer to feel something when they wear our pieces. When you’re brainstorming ideas for new items, what is your creative process? My first thought is “what is something that doesn’t already exist” or “how can we take this vintage top and modify it to just simply work better.” Tell me about an item or project you’ve completed that has made you proudest of what you do? Any pieces from the past two years forward. When I first began, starting on graphic tees just felt easy. I had hundreds of graphic tee ideas and phrases that I could have just went on and on with. Actually, designing collections is slightly more of a challenge. My cut and sew collections have much more meaning to me because they are far more complex. Many challenges and obstacles go into one piece alone. I don’t have a huge team of designers so every piece feels like an accomplishment. Your clothes have been seen on a spectrum of different high profile people. How did you curate your dream clientele? Curating my clientele originally started based on friends wearing my pieces. Which unraveled into hands of more celebs and stylists that enjoyed my brand. I’m selective over who we put our pieces on. Who is wearing your clothes is a symbol of not only who you are, but it’s displaying your art, it’s your billboard. I’ve chosen a cool girl with sick organic style to put my pieces on over A-listers or someone with one million IG followers numerous times. I have a handful of girls who I truly love representing my pieces from celebrities to your “normal” girl. Both are just as inspiring to me. Kylie Jenner in custom Danielle Guizio top for Flaunt's Cadence issue If you could describe an ideal customer for your brand and their day-to-day life, what would it entail? I create my pieces essentially for myself. Pieces I really want to wear, that I really want to exist. Because I know if it’s something I like, then I can show my customer why they would, too. If they don’t, that’s still okay. Swimwear was just added as a category to your brand, do you hope to grow by adding categories for your online store? If so, what do you hope to expand on? I’ve been wanting to get into swim for years. Although I finally felt now was perfect timing. We’ll also be expanding with footwear September 1. If you could get your clothes in any retail store, online or brick-and-mortar, what would it be and why? I like to team up with stores that I’m personally passionate about. I would love to do a small collab collection or capsule with Barneys of some sort. Selfridges, too. Our price-point caters to millennials, which makes matters moderately difficult for higher-end stores. What are your future plans in terms of upcoming collections? Footwear, eyewear, and more to come. Written by: Morgan Vickery Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   In the latest installment of the Poolaroid Q&A Series, Flaunt meets four of the freshest faces from NYC's ELITE Model Management. We talk fashion, guilty pleasures, and staying cool, all straight from the heart of Hollywood at the iconic Roosevelt Hotel. Take a dip and follow us at @flauntmagazine@flauntmagazine for more.    Emma Silverton @emmathenoodle What is one thing you can't live without? La Croix soda, I'm very shamefully obsessed with it. What is your guilty pleasure?  Owning the Avatar movie soundtrack album. Do you have any special talent? I can dance like a noodle, hence my Instagram handle, @EmmaTheNoodle. How do you stay cool in the summer? Be so pale that you literally reflect sun-rays. What is the best thing about being a model? The abundance of life it has given me and being able to travel the world and meet inspiring, passionate and creative people.   Marina Laswick @MAROOSHK What do you like the best about Los Angeles? The weather, the beaches, the food, and the cultural diversity are some of my favorite things about LA.  What are you doing when you're not modeling? When I’m not modeling, I’m usually drinking coffee with friends, swimming, or playing with my dog. What is your guilty pleasure?  My guilty pleasure is watching scary movies or shows. I’ve always loved the thrill of watching something that kept me on the edge of my seat. I’m currently binge watching The Walking Dead. What is the best thing about being a model? The best thing about being a model is that I’m always meeting new people and seeing new places. It’s always entertaining because I never know what the next job will entail.  How do you stay cool in the summer? I stay cool in the summer by spending a lot of time by the water. My favorite summer vacation is renting a cabin on the lake and spending quality time with family and friends.    Morgan Ketzner @morganketzner What was your most fun photo shoot like? When I worked with the Black Tape Project and the artist spent two hours creating a bikini out of gold tape on me and then we shot in Malibu at sunset. Who inspires you? My mom because she has always taught me to chase after my dreams and never give up. What is your guilty pleasure?  Chocolate. How do you stay cool in the summer? Hit the beach! What is the best thing about being a model? Getting your hair and makeup done.   Angeline Suppiger @ANGELINESUPPIGER What was your most fun photo shoot like? Shooting a swimwear campaign while staying on a private island in Colombia. Describe your fashion style. My wardrobe is kind of all over the place. Some days bohemian, some days sporty, but mostly casual in a shirt and jeans. Who inspires you? My parents, they've been married for 35 years and are still madly in love as if they are teenagers. What is one thing you can't live without? The taste of coffee in the morning. What is your guilty pleasure?  Chocolate; I'm a real Swiss girl. What is the best thing about being a model? Meeting amazing people and being able to travel the world. And the free clothes.    Produced and Photographed by Linda NyvltovaAll models with Elite Model Management (@eliteLA) Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Stefano Rosso | All Photos by Zach Gross| Credits: DIESEL shirt Odysseus is argued to have suffered the pitfalls of nostalgia; that sentimental longing or wistful affection for the past, normally thought quite harmless. After all, he, like many of us, after a long week at the office or a battle with the Trojans, just wanted to go home. Throughout Homer’s epic poem, the question is begged: where is home, if what you know of it has changed, if the loves that kept you longing to return there have been slain, or gone with others? In the case of Stefano Rosso, home is, in theory, a small village called Breganze in Italy, but more presumably home for Rosso is where the heart is. At the moment, the heart is thumping at 100 or so beats a minute on a street corner in lower Manhattan. Today, The Big Apple welcomes the measured, charismatic ascent of Rosso into his new role as CEO of North America for Diesel – a brand barreling down on its 40th anniversary in 2018. And today’s a nice day for it. A bizarre, dare I say offensive, cold front startled this early June morning back into its recently peeled-in-a-springtime-frenzy sweaters and pants. And despite the frosty breeze – which could, were we to allow it, stand as a metaphor to the far from red hot status of retail, denim, and most apparel enterprise as we have historically known it, Rosso, 38, is speaking about positivity, which will set the tempo for our hour-long discussion. “Even on Facebook,” he remarks. “That can be one of the most hateful places you can be. You make a post and disperse it, and immediately there are comments saying something really bad about it. Why does everybody have to be so hateful? Let’s find a solution. I think it’s better. We need a positive attitude.” Attitude is something intrinsic to the Diesel brand, and I ask Rosso, who previously held the post of CEO of OTB (the parent company of Diesel, Maison Margiela, Marni, Paula Cademartori and Viktor&Rolf, founded by his father, Renzo Rosso), if this positivity will integrate with the more daring or provocative messaging tenets of Diesel’s past. “I don’t know,” he considers. “I don’t think we were ever really provocative. We never had too much of a contradictory or controversial nature. It’s more about symbolic messages. Even our last campaign [“Make Love Not Walls,” photographed by David LaChapelle, which sees a flamboyant band of diverse friends toppling a metaphoric wall, aided by an inflatable tank] which may have been seen as a political campaign, but the real intention was to send a powerful message about how love is the most powerful thing in the world and how we should celebrate love more than separation. I feel a rebellion is never good. Our brand doesn’t go against the system. Our brand is: people should choose who they want to be and always be proud about who they choose to be. We will always try to do that, maybe in a more modern way, maybe talking also through other people, but we will for sure not change who we are.” Folded around the challenges of the modern and dynamic messaging that Rosso hopes to evolve on is, of course, the parachute of brick and mortar retail. Over the past several years, many brands from premium luxury down to cotton basics have been shuttering their doors entirely or dramatically downsizing, either publicly or discreetly, given the rise of online e-tailers, changing consumer habits, and the obsolescence for some brands of giant, boastful flagships. Rosso discusses his intense summer travel schedule (Miami, Boston, Philadelphia, Toronto, San Francisco, etc.), whereby he’ll be assessing and tweaking the nimbleness of Diesel brick and mortar locations, in combo with a robust e-commerce strategy. I ask him if he feels inspired by the challenges afoot, by this scrambled American landscape. He lights up. “You know, it’s amazing in this moment. It’s very interesting and exciting, I have to say, because when there is a touch of distraction, there are always opportunities arising and you can make your own way. Some of the milestones for what used to be efficient systems are almost gone, and have not yet been replaced by what is going to be the future.” With four decades of trial and error, and the brand swelling with success globally like a nine-layered stromboli, there are countless advantages to assuming the lead for Diesel in your pocket: resources, infrastructure, investments, and, of course, hard lessons learned. And while Rosso is modest and appreciative of the reigns now squared between his palms, he’s cautious about too much preoccupation with the past. “We should always look forward,” he says with confidence. “We should keep the messages, we should keep the DNA, we should keep the tone of voice – but try to make it modern and relevant. Otherwise, it’s just a nostalgia type of feeling.” It’s true that some scholars and critics throughout history have spoken towards the danger of nostalgia. But inside the annals of a nearly forty-year-old mega brand, where does that leave heritage? Can nostalgia be confused with heritage? Is the former a state of mind and the latter a state of being? Can heritage encumber in the modern marketplace? “Heritage is something that goes beyond the brand name,” Rosso concedes, acknowledging the occasional overlap with nostalgia, but with a sharp distinction. “It becomes almost a spirit in and of itself, and it usually speaks to certain identities or communities created or delivered to by a brand over time. When you think of heritage as it relates to our brand, the first thing that comes to your mind is denim and the way we approached denim, which was totally new and modern. Through the years we were able to change some of the rules of the industry, starting from the way we focused on the different washes back in the ‘90s and 2000s. Something we’ve more recently invented are JoggJeans, which are basically sweatpants but look like a regular pair of denim. It is something we invented and not a lot of people know about it.” He laughs. “I guess we were too shy about it.” Diesel? Shy? Well, I suppose it happens to us all at times. While we’re on the topic of innovation, and in the heart of a city that’s bled brands with ideologies with movements with inheritance with politics with motherboards, Rosso considers how collaborations with other organizations (A.C. Milan’s off-the-pitch garb; more recently Naomi Campbell’s Fashion for Relief) have helped diversify Diesel, and how those experiences might inform the new Diesel direction. “Every collaboration is different,” he says, smiling. “You have to shape the way you work and interact with the partners based on how they work – some were easy and others were a nightmare. When you move your stuff into someone else’s industry, it’s so complicated. They always feel you are invading their space and feel you don’t understand anything. And it’s funny how the best collaborations, and the ones that worked better, were the ones where both sides kind of pushed the limit on the comfort bar a bit. I’ll give you an example: during our collaboration with Ducati, they didn’t want to do a military screening on motorcycles because they said that ‘The public doesn’t want it, it’s not going to work, our engineers will never let us do it.’ And then we were lucky enough for the CEO to walk into the room and say, ‘Come on guys, this is Diesel, let’s do it.’ And it sold out! And now that is a skew of color that is available for all of the models they have.” We peer up the long arcades of steel, glass, and empire. Those alleyways to misfortune, gluttony, and success that now, more than ever – beyond the real estate listings tipping into the eight and nine digits for what many would call “modest” digs; beyond the bandied about complaints across the river (and the country) that you can’t hear music streaming onto the street anymore, or score a joint on the corner; beyond the suggestion that we did this to ourselves – we consider temporality when building or evolving a brand from this modern megalopolis. “People are the new brands,” Rosso remarks when I speak to the unruly nature of New York and the U.S., the breakneck pace of everything. “So brands nowadays, if they want to do something, they have to find the right person to help do it – influencers or spokespersons. To us, it creates a lot of reservation because our brand has something to say, and generally speaking, the people have liked to listen to us because they’ve wanted an intelligent message. But now, the consumer doesn’t necessarily expect us to say something. And anyway, maybe the message kind of gets lost along the way. You look at your Instagram and you see more than 100 posts in a minute.  But you know what, a brand should do what it feels in our lives is true and honest – that speaks out and sticks to it. And if you are doing a good job, people will come to you and help narrate. Better to be yourself than someone that you are not and that is exactly what Diesel will be in the future here in the United States.” It’s apparent this Odyssean voyage has found, at least for the moment, a home. Written by Matthew BedardImages by Zach Gross  Location: Diesel HQGroomer: Johnny Caruso for Bryan Bantry.   The Aftershock Issue: New America Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    The lead singer teamed up with Trestock’s charity, the Yellow Bird Project to help those living with cancer get the support they need. This charity brings in many talented artists to help with the cause by having them design the merchandise for sell, and Wolf Alice is the latest band to become involved. The charity and the band seem excited about the new t-shirt that is now available, both tweeting about it recently. Rowsell tweeted out, via the bands twitter, "V excited to be support young adults with cancer @trekstock with this @YBP tshirt I designed. Buy it now, Ellie x" and YBP responded with, "Thank you for joining our family guys. Safe to say we identify with that werewolf." Join the battle to beat cancer with Wolf Alice and pick up your t-shirt here.  Written by Evelyn Mateos Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Jean Paul Gaultier Haute Couture.  Jean Paul Gaultier Haute Couture.  Dolce and Gabbana Haute Couture.  Dolce and Gabbana Haute Couture.  Christian Lacroix Haute Couture.  Christian Lacroix Haute Couture. Christian Lacroix Haute Couture.  The Met Gala’s 2018 theme has been announced and it’s bound to earn its share of controversy. “Fashion and Religion” is set as the gala’s subject, and while conversation-starting themes have been set in the past (like China: Through the Looking Glass), this theme is by far the most divisive yet. Despite the challenging topic, religion and fashion have flirted with one another on the runway for years. Designers that have sourced religion for couture inspiration include Jean Paul Gaultier, Dolce and Gabbana, and Christian Lacroix to name a few. Embellishments, intricate embroidery, and lots and lots of gold will undeniably rule the gala’s red carpet looks. Will the 2018 Met Gala seamlessly infuse the relationship between fashion and religion? We have a few months before the answer reveals itself. Written by: Morgan Vickery Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Japanese label BAPE has decided to join forces with Pokémon for a special capsule collection.  It features subtle animations of Pokémon’s most iconic starter characters--Squirtle, Charmander, Bulbasaur, and even Pikachu.  This will be the first time BAPE has ever officially worked with Pokémon and their collaboration is one to look out for this summer. Fans of both the animated series and BAPE will likely add these pieces to their closet.  You can proclaim your love for the pocket monster characters while showing off your street style. The collection of clothing will be sold exclusively at Japanese department store Isetan at their Shinjuku location between August 16-21. If you can’t make it, they will hit the shelves at the BAPE stores throughout Japan starting September 2. Written By Alex Ceballos Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The only thing that rivals people’s nostalgia for the pop icons of the ‘90s (think Lenny Kravitz, Beck, and Fiona Apple) is their nostalgia for ‘80s pop culture and its unforgettable icons. The decade brought us Ghostbusters, The Breakfast Club, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Star Trek, Godzilla, The Goonies, and a host of movies by Steven Spielberg--just a few of the decade's pop culture legacies. 35 years ago, Michael Jackson released Thriller, an album in which the star made fashion history several times with his signature red leather jacket in “Thriller,” his fedoras, and his single, sequined glove. In honor of 35 years of Thriller, Michael Jackson’s aviators have returned with a modern twist. Italian eyewear brand illesteva has paired with the Michael Jackson Estate to launch a limited edition pair of Jackson-inspired sunglasses. Illesteva's eyewear is similar to what Jackson wore during his '84 Grammy acceptance speech, opening the Dangerous tour, and performing the Super Bowl XXVII half-time show in '93. The reimagined aviators are thin, gold, and frameless, and only 200 will be produced. Better get them before they’re gone (which will probably be sooner than you think), or risk missing out on these old meets new shades. For those who were wondering, the frame is made out of a 2.55 millimeter single sheet lens. The gold gradient face is accented in custom gold gradient with lightweight steel temples, according to designer Daniel Silberman. Each frame is engraved with Jackson's signature. They clearly had the MJ-lovers market in mind when producing these guys. The aviators are on sale today (August 8). Written by: Brianna Di Monda Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017               All images c/o SSENCE  The luxury online retailer SSENSE released a new editorial and it’s Prada-tastic! The Canadian e-tailer is known for its original approach to editorial shoots, and this new Prada editorial “Milan State of Mind” does not disappoint.  SSENSE commissioned photographer Maxime Ballesteros to head to Milan to shoot the lookbook featuring a mix of old and new components around the fashion capital of Italy. The editorial is a call for adventure: explore the city’s hidden gems, ride through the countryside on a motorbike, and lounge eccentrically in an Italian villa. The adventure is documented in this season’s Prada collection of bold graphic tees and dresses, metallic shoes and bags, and sophisticated knits, jackets, and trousers  To shop the collection on SSENSE click here. To view the full editorial shoot, click here.  Written by: Morgan Vickery Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   To help celebrate the upcoming 30th anniversary of Guns N’ Roses' iconic debut album, Appetite for destruction, Maxfield is collaborating with rock band to hold a pop-up exhibit titled “Guns N’ Roses Was Here.” Maxfield and merch titan Bravado paired up with GNR to bring a lineup of mesmerizing style. The luxury retail specialist brought on high design talent such as Kelly Cole, AMIRI, and MadeWorn to bring this collaboration to life.  Along with the upcoming lineup, a few other luxury streetwear brands will be showcasing their own designs at the event. Off-White, Palm Angels, and Enfants Riches Déprimés are all participating. The lineup will feature items like distressed jackets and vintage tees. This wouldn’t be the first time GNR has showed up in the fashion world.  They held a pop-up shop at the New York City John Varvatos store in 2016. The “Guns N’ Roses Was Here” event will be held August 11-18 at Maxield Los Angeles. Written by Alex Ceballos Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017            The heat never stops for Freedom Models. In this session of Poolaroids, we take you back to the iconic poolside at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel, accompanied by the lovely ladies of Freedom. We talk off-duty loves and more with some of LA’s freshest faces. Get your sunscreen and shades ready (and give us a follow on our Instagram @flauntmagazine, while you’re at it), because we’ll be swimming in the deep end today. DAYNA FRAZER (Instagram)  What do you like the best about Los Angeles?  The endless sunshine, healthy delicious food, and swimming. What are you doing when you're not modeling?  Probably cooking or vintage shopping! What is your guilty pleasure?  A night in binge watching 30 Rock. How do you take care of your skin in the summer?  SPF 50 all day, every day and lots of exfoliating. What is the best thing about being a model?  Getting to travel on a whim and meet so many creative & inspiring people!  ROSE GILROY (Instagram) What do you like the best about Los Angeles?  My favorite thing about Los Angeles is that it has both a beach and a mountain range. It may be a bustling city, but it allows for a number of outdoor activities that always leave me feeling connected to nature. Now that I live in NYC, I find myself missing LA's hiking trails, state parks, and coastline. What are you doing when you're not modeling?  When I'm not modeling I'm volunteering at the Wild Bird Fund in New York City! When I'm in LA you, can find me hiking or at the beach. Do you have any special skills?  I can solve a Rubik's cube!  How do you take care of your skin in the summer?  I wear sunscreen every day, drink a lot of water and always have a hat handy. I love a summer glow, but I try my best to stay out of the sun.  What is the best thing about being a model?  My favorite thing about modeling is getting to work with and learn from all of the creative and talented people you meet on sets.   CHRISTINE BURKE (Instagram) What do you like the best about Los Angeles? The weather and the beach. I'm from San Diego so it's not too far from home. What are you doing when you're not modeling? Either working out, reading or eating an acai bowl. I sound so LA but it's the honest truth.  Describe your swimsuit fashion style. I really like simple, well-made suits. More on the skimpy side with a flattering cut in a solid color. What is one thing you can't live without? My parents! Honestly, I have no idea where I'd be without them, they raised me so well. I'm so grateful. What is the best thing about being a model? Being treated like a princess on set and getting the opportunity to work with such talented creatives. Nothing beats working with an amazing team.  REBECCA SZULC (Instagram) What are you doing when you're not modeling?  Baking, writing lists or trying new sports. Lately, I've been really enjoying playing golf!  Describe your swimsuit fashion style.   Comfort! I'm all about the comfort of a bikini. I'm super active so I like styles with more support. I prefer styles that are more like sports bras. That way I don't have to worry about straps and strings coming undone while I'm swimming in the ocean or running around having fun!  Who inspires you?  Everyone! It might sound silly, but I find everyone inspiring. People don't realize how much you can learn by simply having a conversation with someone. Every single person has a history, some sort of story to tell. It could be a sad, happy, funny, scary or exciting story. I find it all inspiring.  How do you take care of your skin in the summer?  Sand and salt water! So good for everything. And I always make sure I'm super hydrated. And I use coconut oil every day.  What is the best thing about being a model?  Travelling. I'm sure 90% of models would agree that one of the best things about being a model is being able to travel the world.  ASHTON FLUTEY (Instagram)  What was your most fun photo shoot like? Climbing rooftops at sunset, riding around on the top of vintage cars, playing basketball and dancing in the streets of Paris with Lee Jeans was a pretty amazing one, we had an incredible team with such an amazing vibe. What are you doing when you're not modeling?  Hanging out with or rescuing an animal, no doubt. Horseriding or borrowing one of my friend's dogs to go on a hike! I'm animal obsessed. Adopt, don't shop! I also love barbeque or beach days, dancing with good friends and family. The simple things.  Who inspires you? Strong woman! Christine Townend and her work fighting for animals has been a huge inspiration since a young age. And all the woman in Half The Sky and the countless other women out there who show unbelievable courage in the face of incredible cruelty and inequality. I am inspired to do more and be more by their bravery and true power of will.   What is one thing you can't live without? A great book! You are never bored with a great book and good music. Cliche but true!  What is the best thing about being a model? Travel of course. I filled my passport last year! I am so grateful for the amount of cities and cultures I've been able to experience through this job. Plus the opportunity to meet and work with new people every day, hearing their stories and what drives them!  MADISON KIRKBRIDE (Instagram) What do you like the best about Los Angeles?  I love the weather. It's always so sunny and warm. What was your most fun photo shoot like? I really loved the editorial shoot I did last summer. It had the whole valley girl vibe to it and it was fun.  What are you doing when you're not modeling? Usually, I'm with my friends, at the pool, or sleeping. Describe your swimsuit fashion style. I love bright colors, and I like when it's strappy or is ruffled so it isn't just a triangle top. Who inspires you?  My best friends. I'd be nowhere without them. They're everything to me.  MARIAMA DIALLO (Instagram)  What do you like the best about Los Angeles?  The weather! And how easy going life can be here at times. Also, the pool parties! Can't forget about those.  Describe your swimsuit fashion style. This summer I've been obsessed with bright and colorful one-piece swimsuits. So many amazing options! Who inspires you?  People inspire me. We are so powerful and are able to take so much pain yet still have so much joy. I am inspired by people every day. Whether it is, man. Giving to the homeless, or the young girl finally loving herself, or even just the stranger that smiles while walking by. I believe that we are all connected and that we should all take care of each other and inspire one another.  How do you take care of your skin in the summer?  By wearing the least make up possible. Unless I'm working, I try not to wear makeup and make sure my moisturizer also has at-least 25 SPF content! Oh, I also love doing hydration masks!  What is the best thing about being a model? The traveling for sure! It's amazing being able to travel and see new places and try new foods and just have all of these experience.  RACHAEL LANGE (Instagram) What I like best about Los Angeles is that it's home to so many different types of people.  Los Angeles is a city where you're free to be whoever you want to be. You can pursue anything you want, dress however you like. It's full of opportunity, which is inspiring to me. Describe your swimsuit fashion style. My swimsuit fashion style is anything that has a girly, but also punky and edgy vibe to it. I love loud colors and patterns that stand out. I'm also a huge fan of the retro '80s high-waisted cut that's come back into style recently. Name one thing you can't live without.  One thing I can't live without is coffee! Every morning drinking coffee is sort of a ritual for me. I like taking it as a time to relax, wake up, and to prepare myself for the day. I'm also just completely obsessed with the taste of it! What's your guilty pleasure? My guilty pleasure is finding and tasting new vegan desserts and junk foods. I'm vegan, so anytime I find something new that looks good I get so excited to try it! Food, in general, is probably my guilty pleasure. I'm a total foodie! Do you have any special talents?  My special talent is that I can dance really well. ANGELINA JESSON (Instagram) What do you like the best about Los Angeles?  Chilli and lime mango at Santee Alley, the amazing vintage and antique stores in Little Ethiopia and most importantly because I'm British and can't handle LA heat, air conditioner in Ubers.  What are you doing when you're not modeling?  I make sci-if inspired video and performance art so when I am not modeling, I am usually working on this with my collaborator Jaron. Describe your swimsuit fashion style. Anything '60s inspired!!  Who inspires you?  A lot of people inspire me but Bjork and Matthew Barney have two of the most brilliant and creative minds.   What is one thing you can't live without?  This is very difficult because I am a self-confessed hoarder. I collect anything from snow globes and old mannequins to vintage Playboys. But honestly I don't think I could live without my cats.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    LOUIS VUITTON bag and AMERICAN HAIRLESS TERRIER hypoallergenic dog.    SAINT LAURENT bag and SLOUGHI hound.    MARNI bag and PUMI salon-feathered barkless pooch.   DIOR bag and SCANDINAVIAN LABORSKI canine | Illustrated by Amber Day In the near future New Yorkers won’t have to cram their dogs into bags to take them on the subway. Angelinos won’t have to unfashionably shoulder two straps just to keep both their beloved pup and their personal items within reach. The latest advances in the field of genetic engineering will finally combine two of our generation’s most cherished status symbols – designer dogs and designer bags – offering utility and companionship in one beautiful, tidy package. Where once dogs were bred to catch raccoons, guard the camp, or herd sheep, today we have the power to reshape them for our more refined, 21st-century sensibilities. Give some snapshots of a soon-to-appear line of handbag dogs a look.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Shimmering gold streamers, elegant white and pink flower bouquets and Rosé as far as the eye could see filled the terrace of The Peninsula in Beverly Hills last night for Victoria's Secret new Body by Victoria collection launch party. The launch was hosted by none other than Victoria's Secret Angel, Martha Hunt. Flaunt joined Hunt and the rest of the VS crew for a glass of champagne and to find out what makes the Body by Victoria collection stand out amongst the rest.  "[Body by Victoria's] Nothing Something Everything collection is my favorite collection. It is the most wearable and most comfortable," Hunt tells me. The new collection offers something for everyone depending on an individual's comfort level, Hunt explains to me. Nothing bras are unlined: offering a natural shape, Something provides an ultra light feel and subtle lining and Everything is self-explanatory, doing everything for you--including providing the wearer with an extra lift and signature shape.  Hunt tells me she feels her sexiest when she's wearing lingerie and that, to her, the science of sexy is "being comfortable in your own skin."  "Being comfortable radiates confidence," Hunt tells me as I try to soak up of some of the confidence she seems to effortlessly convey throughout the evening. "With confidence you can pull off any style and any outfit because it shows your personality." Being able to show her personality Hunt says, is part of the reason why she truly enjoys being part of the VS team.  "The biggest perk of being a Victoria’s Secret Angel," Hunt explains. "Is the [feeling of] loyalty and being able to work with such a great group of people. That’s hard to find in the fashion industry. You really feel like you have a family that you get to return to every time you go to work, which is a great feeling."  Hunt has walked in over 180 fashion shows for high profile designers including Giorgio Armani, Oscar de la Renta, Balmain and others. I've never seen her walk down the runway, but watching Hunt sashay through the launch party was an experience all on its own. She was the picture perfect lady and an A-1 host.  Be sure to check out Victoria's Secret full Body by Victoria (Nothing Something Everything) Bras here and find the perfect fit for you.  Written by: Eva Barragan Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Rei Kawakubo’s Dover Street Market is set to open their sixth location in the Downtown Los Angeles Arts District. The retail fashion company, who opened their first location in London in 2004, has gained a cult following for their curation of luxury and street lines. Adrian Joffe, CEO of Comme des Garcons and husband to Kawakubo, told WWD the luxury store will be unlike any of the other DSM outposts — a “newer version” of the concept that gives the designers free reign over the creation of their collection areas within the 10,000 square foot single-level space.  The location will be the newest addition to the ever-growing DTLA fashion scene, neighboring the likes of 3.1 Phillip Lim and Shinola. It is projected to open doors March 2018.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall Winter 2017/2018 Campaign.   Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall Winter 2017/2018 Campaign.   Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall Winter 2017/2018 Campaign.   Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall Winter 2017/2018 Campaign.   Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall Winter 2017/2018 Campaign.   Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall Winter 2017/2018 Campaign.   Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall Winter 2017/2018 Campaign.   Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall Winter 2017/2018 Campaign.   Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall Winter 2017/2018 Campaign.   Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall Winter 2017/2018 Campaign.   Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall Winter 2017/2018 Campaign.   Vivienne Westwood Fall Winter 2017/2018 Campaign.   Vivienne Westwood Fall Winter 2017/2018 Campaign.   Vivienne Westwood Fall Winter 2017/2018 Campaign.   Vivienne Westwood Fall Winter 2017/2018 Campaign.   Vivienne Westwood recently dropped two Fall/Winter campaigns. Andreas Kronthaler’s FW campaign for VW is eccentric and political, going green with requests to stop climate change. The artistic relationship between Vivienne and Andreas is magnetic, combining fashion with worldly disputes. Kronthaler’s collection features bold colors and graphics that highlight political issues within the United States, specifically Trump's plan to build a wall separating Mexico and America. The collection reads as a dynamic story. The synopsis includes a family that enjoys a picnic with porcelain plates on the Mexican border.  Vivienne’s collection incorporates unisex clothing with the premise of "Buy less, choose well, make it last" limiting the maltreatment of the planet’s natural resources. The collection is a request for a responsible government, responsible citizens, and a call for action in environmentalism.   As a design team, the mixture of Andreas Kronthaler and Vivienne Westwood results in the perfect recipe for truth and justice in terms of global issues translated into fashion garments.  To view the full Vivienne Westwood lookbook click here. To view the full Andreas Kronthaler collection click here. To purchase garments from both collections click here. Written by: Morgan Vickery Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Alessandro Michele has served as Gucci’s creative director for two years now. An unlikely contender for the role, the once behind-the-scenes designer earned his rightful place there quickly, coming out with a successful menswear collection less than a month after being in his new position. Since then, the Roman has become a design visionary and ushered in an era of growth at the house. For Michele's latest project, Gucci and British department store Harrods have teamed up to produce Gucci’s first DIY line for the UK. This isn't the first time Gucci is offering such an option to their customers—the project is the brainchild of Michele, and came to Milan first in June 2016. Michele has kept his promise that DIY Gucci would eventually go global. At Harrods, customers can personalize their products with decorative patches, allowing for the opportunity to play with their own creativity à la Alessandro Michele. The patches come in a variety of colors, styles, and sizes, including a Harrods exclusive butterfly patch. Harrods will also host Gucci Bloom, Michele’s debut fragrance for women. The line began on July 31 and will run until the end of August.   Written by: Brianna Di Monda Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Here at Flaunt, we love fashion and film equally. So when we saw Prada is creating a capsule collection that combined both mediums, we couldn't believe our luck. Prada’s "Poster Girl" collection consists of white cotton sweatshirts and t-shirts screen printed with eight exclusive vintage-style movie posters. Similar to the posters that were hung on the set of Prada Women's 2017 fashion shows, all feature femme fatale figures, a testament to Miuccia Prada's interest in empowering female sexuality.  The posters featured on the sweatshirts and t-shirts are from fictional pulp films and are all the artwork of illustrator Robert McGinnis, known for creating classic James Bond movie posters and the iconic Breakfast at Tiffany’s poster. The sweatshirts and t-shirts launch in a selection of Prada stores this week, so keep your eyes peeled and get them before they’re gone. Written by: Helen Murphy  Photos: Provided by Prada Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017         We’re serving up some more Q&A’s for all you lovely readers out there, this time with a little help from our friends at Freedom Models. While keeping it cool by the pool at the illustrious Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel, we meet up with Lilliya, Brett, Marta, and Bri for a little camera work and some tête-à-tête. Scroll down to see what they had to say, and give us a follow on our Instagram @flauntmagazine for more. What are you listening to?  I've been listening to a lot of old country music, especially Loretta Lynn and Buck Owens. I also have been listening to the Death Grips fashion week album and BABYMETAL.   What do you do when you're not modeling? When I'm not modeling, I'm either painting or cooking.  What current trend do you hate? Festival wear. What model do you look up to? Bloody Osiris What are you listening to?  I am listening to Hip-Hop, Rap. Love old school music, 90's and early 2000's were the best! Where can you be found on a Friday night?  Friday nights I am with my friends somewhere either at the mall or the movies or just kicking back! What is your favorite thing about modeling ?  My favorite thing about modeling is you get to express yourself through clothes! Walking the runway or even the photoshoots are a silent form of expression! What is your guilty pleasure?  My guilty pleasure is hot food! I love hot and spicy food! What are your plans for this weekend?  This weekend I’m going link up with some friends and chill! What's your favorite spot in LA? Fav spot in LA is for sure Pizza Press, it's the best pizza I have ever had in the world. It's thin crust and unlimited toppings for like nine bucks. My pizza looks like a volcano of goodness and tastes like heaven. And yes I put pineapple on my pizza because there is nothing wrong with that! What's your favorite thing about modeling? My favorite thing about being a model is the fact that I get to travel the world. I really admire learning about other cultures and seeing how people live in different situations. If I was still waitressing, it most likely would have taken me ten years to save up to go to the places I have been! I’m very lucky to be on this path in which I have been able to experience and see many different places and cultures. What's the hardest part about being a model? The hardest part about being a model, and I am sure some other models will agree with me, is that we have very little close friends because of the fact we travel around so much. But I'm sure I'll find my group of wacky funny friends soon, so if anyone would like to fill out a friend application and send it to my dms I am currently accepting submissions. 😁 What's your dream modeling job? My dream modeling job would be to be in the Victoria’s Secret runway show! My favorite one was the 2012 Rihanna show with all the OG models and Rihanna just blew my mind! It showed me that even though these models are stunningly beautiful and amazing - that they are still down to earth.  It shows girls like myself that you don't have to come from famous parents or from money to be somebody and help change the world like Candice does, supporting elephant foundations and other causes!  What do you do when you're not modeling? Well about 50 percent of the time I am trying to figure out where my keys are and the other 45 percent is being stuck on the 405 or 110 and the last 5 percent is eating an acai bowl. If Sam Smith's voice came in the form of food, it would be an acai bowl or a peanut butter kit kat. What are you wearing this summer? In this heat... ice, I'm wearing ice and a portable electric fan  What are you listening to?  SNOOP DOG What current trend do you hate?  I don’t hate any… Everyone should be free to follow their own path. Tell me something interesting about the city you're from.  VEGAS… You will NEVER have a bad time… it is HOME! What do you like the most about LA?  You never know who you will meet! What's your favorite thing about being a model?  Places and spaces that you experience when you travel. How do you stay in shape?  Running on the beach. Produced and Photographed by Linda Nyvltova All models with Freedom Models https://www.instagram.com/freedommodelsla/     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    KENZO cardigan, SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO jacket, GREG LAUREN top, A|X ARMANI EXCHANGE jeans, and COACH shoes.  GREG LAUREN top and PORTS 1961 jeans.  COACH coat and pants and ROBERTO CAVALLI shirt.  AMI jacket and sweater.  ROBERTO CAVALLI vest, SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO shirt, and LOEWE pants.  GUCCI coat, shoes, and rings, PORTS 1961 shorts, and ROBERTO CAVALLI necklace.   AMI jacket and sweater and GUCCI shirt and pants. VIVIENNE WESTWOOD coat, ROBERTO CAVALLI shirt, A|X ARMANI EXCHANGE pants, and J.W. ANDERSON scarf. Younger readers may fondly remember him as the latter half of Disney Channel hit The Suite Life of Zack and Cody, but Cole Sprouse has a new role that’s expanding his profile to a broader audience: that of perpetually beanie-wearing, lovable weirdo Jughead Jones on the CW’s slow-burning Archie comics remake, Riverdale. It’s the first role he’s played in about six years. But don’t worry about Sprouse: he’s just been taking a much-needed break from acting. Until 2011, Sprouse and his brother had literally been working non-stop since infancy. Their acting careers – particularly Suite Life – propelled Cole and his twin brother Dylan into Tiger Beat cover stardom. But while Sprouse repeatedly expressed how grateful he was for his success, spending the first 19 years of your life in front of the camera inevitably takes its toll. “The stereotype of the damaged child actor exists because there is a profound amount of loneliness and isolation in celebrity culture,” Sprouse told me, “especially when you’re a child and you don’t understand it.” Sprouse loves to talk about using psychology – in particular the insights it offers into why people behave the way they do – as a tool for achieving emotional authenticity in a role. But the problem with having worked in Hollywood all your life is there’s precious little time to venture off set and interact with the rest of the world in a way that facilitates an empathy that isn’t confined within the Hollywood bubble. GUCCI coat, shoes, and rings, PORTS 1961 shorts, and ROBERTO CAVALLI necklace. So, during his hiatus, Sprouse stepped outside of himself and far away from the industry: he attended NYU, he pursued photography and high-tech cartography and archaeology, he traveled the world and met all kinds of people in a quest to “understand otherness,” maybe for the first time.Sprouse possesses an easy charm that somehow allows him to refer to acting as “an old lover” without coming off as pretentious. Now, the 24-year-old and his old flame are back together, with a relationship that is not only healthy, but flourishing: Riverdale is taking off, and Sprouse is overjoyed to be a part of it.Despite its place in the pantheon of heartthrob-filled CW teen soaps, the show has garnered comparisons to David Lynch’s acclaimed Twin Peaks. Its high school murder mystery plot is the most obvious, but in very Twin Peaks fashion, Riverdale reveals the darkness simmering underneath an otherwise idyllic slice of Americana. It also strikes that serious-silly campiness: in the way that the Log Lady absurdly mediates premonitions from a hunk of wood, or when Archie and the gang have “life and death” arguments about maple syrup. PRADA coat, shirt, pants, shoes, and hat. But Sprouse reveals that season two is going to be a lot weirder and darker. Sprouse warns me that Jughead –  the narrator who gives us a peek behind Riverdale’s white picket fences – may get pulled into the darkness of the town. The “lovable weirdo” may just become the weirdo. But the actor is excited to see how twisted the show’s team is willing to get. And Sprouse doesn’t mind if the “Zack and Cody name-calling” evolves into the Jughead Jones name-calling. “I think at end of my life if I’m known as Jughead and Cody and Julian – if I’m known by as many names as possible, I’m basically like Gandalf and that means I’ve had a life well-lived and a carer well-run,” says Sprouse. “And that to me would be fucking amazing.” Written by Kylie ObermeierPhotographed by Justin Campbell for Tack Artist GroupStyled by Monty Jackson for the Wall GroupGroomer: Derek Yuen for Starworks ArtistsStyling Assistants: Chloe Siegel and Liza Hunter The Aftershock Issue: New America Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    PORTS 1961 jacket, VICES t-shirt, DIESEL pants, K SWISS shoes, Stylist’s own belt and hat (worn throughout), VINTAGE JULZ glasses, and talent’s own jewelry (worn throughout).  VERSACE coat, jacket, and pants, SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO t-shirt, ADIDAS X RAF SIMMONS shoes, and VINTAGE JULZ glasses.  DIOR jacket, SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO t-shirt, and DIESEL pants PartyNextDoor | DIOR jacket and SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO t-shirt At Flaunt, we always do our research. As part of our standard effort to ascertain the cultural vitality of our proposed features, we examined PartyNextDoor in depth. We liked what we saw – collabs with heavy-hitters like Kanye, Ne-Yo, and T-Pain in the works; a fresh EP, Colours 2, out on OVO Sound (boss and buddy Drake's record label under the Warner Brothers umbrella) hot off the press; a history of chart-toppers including writing creds for Rihanna’s colossal hit “Work”; 1.8M Instagram Followers and impressive engagement metrics. But what really sealed the deal was the information we attained after hacking into his emails*. Tsk, tsk, Party – a star like you should be well aware that a simple mail transfer protocol isn’t going to cut it security-wise. No backdoor encryption? Too easy. And, really, “FIESTA” is not a very robust password. If what we found was true, we loved it, especially later in the summer: dozens of deeply passionate fan letters written to Party, each receiving a lovingly crafted answer. We’ve reprinted a few of our favorites here for your reading pleasure. *"Hacking," as in we made up some fan questions to go along with PND's actual answers to our interview questions.* DIOR coat, OVADIA & SONS sweater, DIESEL pants, and K-SWISS shoes. FROM: Astrid Amoruso | Los Angeles, CA Dear Party,This will be the 33rd letter I’ve written to you this month.  Although ur publicist has asked me to stop several times I simply cannot. I know you must think I’m insane. I am not. I have a masters degree in psychology. I have NEVER been diagnosed with any psychotic disorder. I feel strongly aligned to you. The universe continues to send me signs of our journey together and I MUST obey them. You understand music and its relationship to our experience here on Earth on a completely different level. If you answer these questions I promise I’ll leave you alone…IF THAT’S WHAT YOU WANT. I just want to know Party: do you think music is capable of mind control? How so? And when you think of the future, what do you think of? What are you working on? What’s next? PartyNextDoor : Is music capable of mind control? Definitely, it’s how you sell shoes, it’s how you sell magazines, it’s how you sell clothes, it’s what wakes you up, it’s what alerts you that someone is calling your phone. Music is used & justified to be the tick that let’s you know a commercial break is about to come on. You get the point. When I think of the future, what do I think of? Family & Gods work & my work ethic & creating a Joyful future. What am I working on? What’s next? On the mission to Greatness. To continue to inspire all of music aka mind control, remember lol FROM: Shontelle Powell | Brooklyn, New York Darlin, you are too good for this life my love. Every time I think of you or someone mentions your name I get goosebumps on every inch of my body...EVERY SINGLE INCH baby. I know we were twin flames in a past life. I feel you and I would make an amazing couple, like Jay and Beyonce.That’s how I see us, Party.  I’m an aspiring designer and you always light a fire of creative passion and desire in me each time one of your looks pops up on my newsfeed. I would describe your style as breezy chic. How would you define your personal style?PartyNextDoor: Shontelle baby, I’m currently in a hooded robe, Gucci slides with my hair down. It’s a work fit. Tomorrow I have an event...I’ll most likely be in Vans and everything above will be dramatic and over priced but that’s what I like. I guess my style is whatever I personally like... I don’t have to be anybody but me, and you can’t be party if you’re not comfortable, and I’m always gunna be me. VERSACE coat, jacket, and pants, SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO t-shirt, ADIDAS X RAF SIMMONS shoes, and VINTAGE JULZ glasses.  FROM: Yoga Sensei Blue River | Santa Monica, CA Namaste Party,My name is Yoga Sensei Blue River from Santa Monica. I teach beach yoga, hot yoga, and yoga boxing. I tell my clients to relax their faces so they don’t have to take a trip to the M.D. to take care of the 11’s. That is the 11 lines that are vertical and found between the eyebrows. I always tell them, “Girls, girls – you can get the results you want without botox and fillers! Just listen to some good ol’ PND.” Based on your music, you’re honest about dealing with angels and demons. I want to know what kind of energy you keep in your circle – who’s at your table? It’s obvious that your music is therapeutic, but you’re name is Party, so what gives you joy – define artistic deviance? What’s the color of your dreams? PartyNextDoor: Ay, Yoga Sensei Blue River. At my table there is an angel to my left and an angel to my right. And whoever has an appetite. Artistic deviance is doing what you want. I kind of knowingly set myself up for that by telling everyone to call me Party. It’ll forever be my alibi to do as I please, as long as I continue to be an artist. What’s the color of my dreams? Black unless I’m falling asleep outside in the sun, then it’s like a tan orange. SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO shirt, ORO pants, and VINTAGE JULZ glasses.  FROM: Eric Santiago | San Jose, CA Hola fiesta (jaja)! Me encantan todas tus canciones. Me pones en un estado de ánimo tan elevado!Whats up party! I love all of your songs. You put me in such a high elevated mood. When I listen to your lyrics I feel like I’m unstoppable man. My ex and I have been going through some changes, trying to figure out whether we should be together or not. I keep trying to hit her up but she says that she ‘needs space.’ But I know she’s the one! Anyway, your music always reminds me to stop sweating the small stuff and just live my best life, yea know? It always keeps me going while I’m sweating my ass off in the kitchen, making lasagna and shit all day. I swear sometimes I see her face in the spaghetti and meatballs. . .  I think about my girl whenever I hear my favorite lyric of yours: “Never gonna not not hit that, your lovin’ is drugs to me.” What’s your favorite lyric from a recent song you’ve written? PartyNextDoor : Eric, my favorite would be, "Fiesta does what Fiesta says." Clearly, I enjoy freedom... And like speaking in third person I guess. Photographer: Ibra AkeGIFs by: Dyan JongStylist: Zoe Costello at Atelier ManagementGrooming: Christine Nelli, using Bobbi Brown at the Wall GroupPhotographed at: Milk Studios, L.A.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Alessandro Michele, creative director of Gucci, takes the fall/winter collection out of this world and into an alternate dimension. It's a dimension where aliens, robots, earthlings, and dinosaurs coexist. This 1950s themed sci-fi campaign, shot and directed by Glen Luchford, takes the audience on board a spaceship and into #gucciandbeyond. The retro/futuristic sci-fi premise of Gucci’s new collection is one to look out for in fashion shows to come. Will this unworldly fashion campaign catch trend? Guess we’ll have to wait and see. Click above to view the 2017 Fall and Winter campaign short film. Written by: Morgan Vickery Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   “In January this year, I went with Puma and the UNHCR [United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees] to go visit several refugee camps in Uganda,” says model and actress Cara Delevingne, clad in a red, black, and white Puma jumpsuit, in her new clip for the athletic apparel giant. She sits cross-legged on a gray, tufted sofa as the camera cuts to a close up of her face. “It was one of the most incredible experiences I’ve ever had in my life.” And so begins “Do You,” the latest of Puma’s campaigns and one that intends to inspire and empower women worldwide. This four-episode mini-documentary series follows Delevingne as she crosses continents to listen to the stories of women, who, according to her, are people “doing things to change the world.” “They speak up for what they believe in,” Delevingne says, speaking of the women she met during her journey who combat those uniquely feminine perils of life in their own distinctive and dynamic ways, “whether it’s with self-defense or poetry or fighting against bullying.” According to the first episode, the Valerian star’s experiences at the refugee camps in Uganda inspired the series. During her visit, she recognized the chasm of opportunity that separates the children of such unfortunate circumstances to the rest of the world. “Any of these kids could be the person that cures cancer,” she says. “Any of these kids could be Shakespeare. They just don’t have the opportunity and all they want is an education. That is all they want.” Add your own voice to the “Do You” narrative by sharing your photos and videos with the hashtag #DoYouStories, where 10 participants will be selected to meet with Delevingne. In the meantime, check out the four episodes. Written by Chelsey SanchezPhoto courtesy of Puma Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017        On Saturday (July 22), A Tribe Called Quest rocked the FYF stage while keeping the legendary Malik "Phife Dawg" Taylor’s memory alive. A day earlier, the rap legends hosted a meet and greet, pop-up shop event in collaboration with Fairfax’s FourTwoFour. “Last minute, Q-Tip said he wanted to do a pop-up shop knowing that we were going to be in town a couple of days before FYF,” Tribe’s DJ, Ali Shaheed Muhammad, explained. “So we made a couple of calls to some friends and they said yes.” Owned by Guatemalan designer Guillermo Andrade, FourTwoFour is a staple of the Fairfax streetwear culture and is worn by the likes of Migos and Wiz Khalifa. The event, along with the clothing, was produced by Sony Music’s merchandising arm Thread Shop (Tribe is signed to Sony subsidiary label Epic Records). The exclusive merch sold at the pop-up showcased a more minimalist design in contrast to Tribe’s vibrant and often busy album covers.  But the collection stayed true to their aesthetic, featuring the group’s circle text logo and highlighting the colors red and black. A diverse crowd sporting classic kicks and eclectic styles lined up outside the doors for their chance to meet Ali, Jarobi White, and longtime Tribe associate Consequence. Once the doors opened, five to ten fans at a time were led to the of the back showroom where they took pictures and scored autographs from the hip-hop icons. Super fan Tony showed up to the event decked out in a vintage Tribe shirt, screen-printed socks featuring the “Midnight Marauders” cover art, and a five-panel hat he picked up at a thrift shop. “So I found this five-panel. It was [made] by some bootleg company called Butter and it had the Tribe logo on the side.” Remembering a couple lines from the song “Butter” off of Tribes ’91 album, “The Low End Theory,” Tony rapped, “I got more game than Parker Brothers and I’m smooth like Butter.” In 2016, after 18 years, fans were surprised with A Tribe Called Quest’s sixth album, “We Got It From Here… Thank You 4 Your Service.” The project features Andre 3000, Elton John, and Kendrick Lamar, and gives us that quintessential Tribe sound that masterfully fuses East Coast hip-hop with jazz. Ali was also tapped to score season one of Marvel’s Luke Cage. “It was interesting to create music from the perspective of supporting what you see,” Ali stated, “versus any other time when I make music it’s from an internal thought or an idea, feeling [or] something that you may see or hear that inspires you.” The DJ/producer confirmed that he’s back on board to score season two of the Netflix series. On what the rest of 2017 holds for A Tribe Called Quest, Ali keeps it simple stating, “We’re just touring in support of this and trying to honor and celebrate [Phife Dawg]. That’s it for now.”   Written and photographed by Jamyla Sabree   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017           Temperatures may be cooling down in Los Angeles (at least for now), but the heat never stops for Next Models. In this session of Poolaroids, we take you back to the iconic poolside at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel, accompanied by the lovely ladies of Next Models. We talk guilty pleasures, fitness routines, and more with some of LA’s freshest faces. Get your sunscreen and shades ready (and give us a follow on our Instagram @flauntmagazine, while you’re at it), because we’ll be swimming in the deep end today. How do you stay in shape? I workout with my trainer, Anna Benson, three days a week. I also go to Barry's Bootcamp for a good sweat and cardio. On top of that, it's just about eating clean and finding a diet right for you. Sometimes it may be healthy for you and not someone else. What are you wearing this summer? My favorite thing right now is fishnets with high-waisted ripped shorts or jeans with a black cropped top and over sized army jacket! That's been my go to recently. I recommend going to the Melrose Trading Post for an oversized army jacket. What do you do, when you're not modeling? I love just going out at night with friends and meeting new people! If I am not doing that I am watching Netflix. I have a list of all shows I have watched and I need to watch! Whats your fav new spot in LA?  I have no specific place but just being right in the heart of West Hollywood makes me so happy and feel so alive. It inspires me to go out on the town!  What's the hardest part about being a model? The hardest part personally is just accepting my body and knowing that there is always someone better. I try to use that as inspiration to work harder and just know that my body and look may not work for every brand!  How do you stay in shape? I keep to a strict diet of 1300 calories a day. I specifically watch my sodium and sugar intake. I'm in the gym for two hours in the morning doing mostly cardio and another two hours at night training with my personal trainer that focuses more on body toning. Where can you be found on a Friday night?   On a Friday night you can catch me at the movie theater with my friends bonding over Spider-Man and peanut M&M's. What current trend do you hate?  For some reason, I cannot get on board with overalls. I love any other '90s look, but overalls are the kind of look you go for on laundry day. What's your guilty pleasure?  My guilty pleasure is superhero movies. I know the ins and outs of every single superhero movie and it makes me feel 100% like a dork but I can't seem to tame my passion for superheroes. What's the hardest part about being a model?  The hardest part about being a model is all the rejection that comes with it. Most of my time is spent going from casting to casting and sometimes I won't hear back. But, it's the times that you do hear back and get the job that make it all worth it. What are you wearing this summer? I absolutely love my Burgundy Puma Suedes and I think a cool jacket completes any outfit even in the LA heat. How do you stay cool in the summer? I love to go to my boyfriend’s house in Venice and hang out at the beach with him. The water is always so refreshing and ice cream is always right around the corner! What's your guilty pleasure? I love watching Disney and Pixar conspiracy theory videos on Youtube. I think it is so interesting to hear how people draw connections between the storylines. What do you do, when you're not modeling?  When I’m not modeling I love hanging out with my younger brother and playing board games with him. I also am on my school’s volleyball team and like to read. What's your new fav spot in LA?  I love going to the Huntington Library and Botanical Gardens in San Marino. I can spend hours there both with my friends and by myself.  What's the hardest part about being a model? When I started modeling I was really shy and didn’t know how to move in front of the camera, so learning how to be more comfortable and confident in my own body and skills has been the hardest part for me.  What are your top 3 IG accounts you follow?  @lizzette619, an inspiring animal activist. @paulpanfergrams is an hilarious and weird artistand comedian. @sashablane is a cool chick. What do you do when you're not modeling?  Oil paintings by the beach, skating, making films, or hanging with my family, the nut finder, and my friends.  What's your new favorite spot in LA? Masa of Echo Park on Sunset. They do a great deep plate Chicago pizza. Do you have a special skill? When I reach in the air and stretch out I look like a long bean.  What are you listening to? Beach House, Bon Iver, and, of course, good old Elvis.  What are you wearing this summer?  My sister gave me this huge denim jacket (which she hand painted pictures on) which I always wear. Dream modeling job?  A D&G or Gucci campaign would obviously be great but I must admit I'd love to do pyjama modelling as it would be so cozy. Do you have any rituals you can't go without?  I really had to think about this one because I never thought rituals were my thing but the one thing I can't go without is kissing and hugging my family before I leave them and making sure they know I love them.  What is your guilty pleasure? My guilty pleasure would for sure be any movie involving vampires. I don't know what it is about them but I am completely infatuated! I also very much enjoy eating Mexican candies whenever I can get my hands on them. What's your fav new spot in LA? A place I will never be able to live without, now that I have seen it, is Wisdom Tree. That place is so beyond humbling. Granted, it's a pretty difficult hike, but when you finally make it to the top, it's one of the most amazing experiences a person can go through. I mean, what other hike on earth has a box filled with all these inspirational and heartfelt letters. It really makes you feel connected to the people around you. If you ever need to refocus yourself in life, hike Wisdom Tree.  What are your plans for this weekend?  I try to make my weekends based on my family since I am constantly on the move. So, anything involving them! What's the hardest part about being a model? By far the hardest part about being a model is staying grounded in Christ and not losing sight of who I was when I first came into the industry.  How do you stay cool in the summer? Rose water spray is my savior. What do you do, when you're not modeling? Coming up with business ideas with my boyfriend, reading or drawing probably. What are your plans for this weekend?  Going to Jamaica! What's the hardest part about being a model? Probably not being able to sleep in and having to stay still for hours during shooting in high heels. Pretty painful. Do you have a special skill?  I guess I have a couple. I'm a rockclimber, visual artist, and I play guitar. Produced and Photographed by Linda NyvltovaAll models with Next Models (@nextmodels) Avery Smith: (@avery.k.smith) - PortfolioGracie Tranmer: (@gracietranmer) - PortfolioMargaret Self: (@margaretself) - PortfolioRuby Sear: (@rubysear) - PortfolioGeneva Natalia: (@genevanataliaaa) - PortfolioSirena Warren: (@sireenter) - Portfolio Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Images from the 2018 Pirelli Calendar landed today (July 20). This year the 45th edition of the collector’s item shies away from the traditional pattern of soft-core looks from typically sexy nude A-list women. Instead, it features an all-black cast of excellence re-imagining the tales of Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland. The highly anticipated annual photography series was shot by known romanticism-depicter Tim Walker and styled by the new British Vogue editor Edward Enninful in London and features the epic cast of Naomi Campbell as the Royal Beheader (who better?), Lupita Nyong’o, Whoopi Goldberg, RuPaul, Sean “Diddy” Combs among newer faces such as models Slick Woods, Adwoa Aboah, Sasha Lane and others. And what are they beheading? Old stereotypes and assumptions. “Inclusivity is more part of the conversation than it has ever been before, but it goes far beyond black and white,” Mr. Enninful said. “It is about all creeds, all colors, all sizes and people just living their truths. Given the state of the world we live in, sometimes I think we all feel like we’ve fallen down the rabbit hole. For me, a retelling of Alice for the modern world was a perfect project, particularly once the cast fell into place.”  Enjoy the magical imagery and take a look at the BTS video footage. Written by Emma Nicole Aderheim Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Italian luxury brand Gucci has presented their 2018 Menswear Cruise Collection. Fitting for Italy's rich culture and history when it comes to mythical figures and dynamic stories, the line has a whimsical, regal feel to it. Shot by British photographer Elaine Constantine at Villa Adriana in Tivoli, Italy, the models don golden laurels and princely attire as easily as a Roman prince might have. Though it’s hard to not act like royalty in clothes like that. Gucci is pulling out all their tricks with this collection, with gorgeous embroidery and embellishments. The pieces shimmer like blueish-green waves on the Mediterranean Sea, like the irises of Achilles’ eyes before charging into war, like the gold of Apollo’s chariot as he pulls the sun across a glowing sky. Floral patterns reminiscent of pastoral paintings and glittering pullovers that split light into rainbows offer up an aesthetic that is fitting of its environment--where nothing (not even divine beings or invincible heroes) seemed impossible. God or mortal, check out this lookbook down below. Photos by Elaine Constantine Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Flaunt sat down with Chrome Hearts artist Matt DiGiacomo and daughter of the company's founder, Jesse Jo Stark to get the inside scoop on the new eyewear and Pete Punk Offspring (PPO) capsule. Less than 500 of their new Chomper sunglasses will be released come this September. Each one will be sold with a custom eyewear case. Clearly, they'll be hard to get. How do you reconcile your artistic vision with the demands of fashion design and functionality? The great thing about working on this with Chrome Hearts is that they allow me to take my time and not be confined by outside demands. PPO is mostly all one-off which keeps it cool! Can you tell us a little bit about your inspiration for this design? When I was a kid, I would always stare at people’s mouths because I had a hard time looking in their eyes. So staring at lips my whole life, I think subconsciously it was the first thing I started to draw.  Why is a sense of humor important in art and fashion? Because I enjoy making fun of the situation.    How do you ensure that Chrome Hearts maintains its strong identity as it evolves and adapts? Staying true to what we know and love and always making what we know we are good at and never changing for the trend. What about Matt made him a good fit for the PPO collection, and as a collaborator with CH in general? We just liked what he does, the freedom in his art.  It's the right fit because the heart is there. What's your all-time favorite Chrome Hearts piece? Black & White long-sleeve t-shirt Interview by Mui-Hai Chu Written by Morgan Vickery Photographed by Ian Morrison Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017        Jordyn Jones | All photos shot by Tyler Shields Despite being branded as a "social media influencer," Jordyn Jones has much more going for herself than a huge Instagram following (3.7 million of them is amazing, though). At 17, the singer, dancer and designer already has an impressive list of accomplishments behind her name: a first-day-sold-out active-wear collaboration with California Kisses, a new series on Awesomeness TV, and several successful singles--most notably rappy kiss-off "BRUH!"  💥 @thetylershields . Jones found time between her many pursuits to pose for some striking photos with Tyler Shields, best known for destroying a $100,000 Hermes bag in the name of art. Shields, often called "Hollywood's favorite photographer," has also gained notoriety for provocative photos with the likes of Lindsay Lohan, Francesca Eastwood, Emma Roberts, Demi Lovato and other celebrities. The portraits find Jordyn with her face covered in glitter, a single bloody tear streaking down her cheek and simply in stark black and white. Give them a look, then watch her video for "BRUH!" here:   Written by Kylie Obermeier Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    BRUNO MAGLI suit, shoes, and watch, VINCE shirt, and BOSS pocket square.  GIORGIO ARMANI suit, shirt, and tie.    BURBERRY coat, BRUNO MAGLI jacket and shoes, BRUNELLO CUCINELLI pants available at MATCHESFASHION.COM, THEORY shirt, and DRAKES scarf.       SALVATORE FERRAGAMO suit, BURBERRY shirt, and BOSS pocket square. I have a confession to make. Before this interview, I had never watched a single episode of Game of Thrones. It was all the fault of an ex-girlfriend (it was the kind of relationship that makes you act crazy and wonder who you are) who confessed one night that she'd kissed Jon Snow in a nightclub. Not Kit Harington: "Jon Snow,” she said. So every time I drove up La Cienega Boulevard and saw that giant billboard of Jon Snow leering at me I went a little crazy inside. In turn, when Flaunt offered me the interview I almost said no, but when I heard I was to get inside the head of Denmark-born actor Nikolaj Coster-Waldau, it somehow seemed sweet revenge. After all, he is Jon Snow's nemesis: The Kingslayer. And not only can he play the Kingslayer, but as we briefly cut to the opening segment of Coster-Waldau’s new film Shot Caller (in wide release August 18), we find his physicality embodying a very different kind of character. He wears a giant shoulder tattoo of a Viking, an illustration that is telling, as director Ric Roman Waugh informs me, of what type of gang the prisoner has joined. Then we pan over the muscles on a white man's body. Then the hands, which eke out some letter to a child. Then the stoic face of a white supremacist gangster. In unsurprising fashion, the success of Game of Thrones has placed Coster-Waldau in a position to choose work that interests him. He doesn't need a blockbuster – he's got that, check and double check. I speak to him as he attends a comic-con and charity event in Columbia about what all this means. “It’s that weird thing where the work is kind of the same no matter where you are. You do your job and then after you’re finished you find out whether it’s successful or not, and to what degree. Obviously, with Game of Thrones, it’s on a level that is very rare and exciting. And now I’m in Columbia and it’s huge. I can go anywhere in the world now and people know about the show, which is bizarre. I can’t explain it. “At the same time – and I say this with gratefulness – it is a job, and I can’t look at it any differently. But, sure, the recognition factor is a lot higher after the show. It’s a different animal, Game of Thrones.” Then, what does a success like Game of Thrones get you with your acting career? Where do you go from there? Coster-Waldau has taken his chops to the aforementioned Shot Caller: a scary and sobering thriller, directed by prison-film veteran Ric Roman Waugh. “I really wanted to get to the Sidney Lumet type movies,” Waugh tells me over the phone from Austin, Texas. “The stuff in the ’70s where they were about something. It was about a conversation happening, and I don’t want to be against the prison system, and I don’t want to be for it, I just want to put the audience on the 50-yard line and let you come out the other end.” LANVIN jacket available at MATCHESFASHION.COM, HERMÈS suit, BRUNELLO CUCINELLI sweater available at MATCHESFASHION.COM, and BRUNO MAGLI shoes. Lumet’s oeuvre spanned everything from the Henry Fonda courtroom drama 12 Angry Men (1957), to the four Academy Award winning Network (1976), to the neo-noir crime films like Prince of the City (1981), and Al Pacino’s Serpico (1973). Coster-Waldau would seem to fit right into a Lumet-style undertaking. Not only is he classically trained at the Danish National School of Theatre, where the curtains first went up on him playing a young Laertes in Hamlet, but he also possesses a humanness about him – a relatability. He displays an intense quietude in Shot Caller, which centers around a man ripped from his usually happy and rich circumstances and into something much more harrowing: a life, essentially, behind bars. “First of all, I liked the script. It was an exciting, interesting look at the prison system in the U.S.,” Coster-Waldau tells me, “In so many parts of society we are very good at judging others, very good at thinking of the outside world as them and us in all kinds of situations. And this thing about the good and the bad, we like to divide people. The people that do bad things, we lock them up and throw away the key, and the good ones are safe. I thought the take of [Shot Caller] was interesting, because it’s a guy who is one of us, and he does a really stupid thing and it has horrific consequences…” In Game of Thrones (which I began watching in a feverish fashion, not out of expediency mind you, but out of pure riveted compulsion), Coster-Waldau is constantly revealing and surprising. Just when we come to hate him there seems to be a soul under there, bubbling up. This process of transformation and revelation in the public eye is something he looks to be making a feature of his 20-plus year career on the stage and screen. He tells me about making his audition tape in an attic with a friend for his first American role in Black Hawk Down, directed by Ridley Scott. “I think as you start out as an actor you have to be a little delusional. If you look at the arts and making a living nowadays it’s stacked against you. I always thought I would be able to get a job, to be able to work, that’s one thing, but the whole aspect of being in something as big as Game of Thrones, and of course as rewarding professionally and financially is you can never expect that – it’s mind boggling,” he tells me, sounding slightly matter-of-fact (I suppose you’d have to be to keep your equilibrium when thrust onto such a great stage), he pauses briefly, before unveiling further. “The thing is: you never know. The only thing you do is you keep working. One of the toughest things, and one of the most important things as an actor is that you have to keep working.” The show is so great not only because of the brilliant storytelling of George R.R. Martin and creators David Benioff and D.B. Weiss, but also because the acting is superb. It’s such an interesting mix of thespian élan. A lot of the actors on the show aren’t stars (or weren’t originally), but they can act, both alone on screen and as an ensemble. Then there is the fact that they all seem born to play these roles. And then comes Jaime Lannister, played by our subject at hand, this singularly handsome figure, gently hiding his Scandinavian twang, his chin in the air like some proud moose. He’s very good. He’s very true. BURBERRY coat, BRUNO MAGLI jacket and shoes, BRUNELLO CUCINELLI pants available at MATCHESFASHION.COM, THEORY shirt, and DRAKES scarf.  Suddenly, I’m vividly thrown (no pun intended) back to the first episode of Game of Thrones, to that unforgiving moment when the Kingslayer pushes Bran off the ledge, sending the innocent boy to fall to his assumed death. I ask Coster-Waldau about this dark edge I see in him, this sleight of hand that both the Kingslayer and Jacob Harlon, his character in Shot Caller, possess. I can’t help but think it has something to do with growing up in Scandinavia, a place with two very different faces in terms of atmosphere and weather, a place that can be as bleak as a dark cave for months and months, before shining like paradise in summer. “Well, so do you, man,” he responds quickly. “We all do. There’s no question about that. I think one of the great things about acting and why I keep doing it is that I find people’s behavior interesting. And I think we’re all unique, but very, very alike at the same time. Or that you are exclusively good, it’s just not possible. We are all emotional beings. And how we act on these things…that’s a different story.” I ask Ric Roman Waugh why he chose Coster-Waldau to lead his film. “The thing that scared me the most when I wrote the film was: how do you balance finding an actor that can go over a ten year period from a white-collar person that you never think could become violent, but then buy them when they do become this other person. And when Nik responded to this material I knew that he was the perfect gamble. And when I say gamble, I mean I knew that he could play both of these visages and pull it off.” Waugh is very well-versed in the prison system, and he said that after putting hair and make-up on Nik he knew. And you’d be hard-pressed to disagree. In Shot Caller Coster-Waldau looks very much like a gangster knee-deep in shit, a guy who’s forced to eat Denny’s (if he’s lucky) for every other meal, and who has to shop at the nearest gas station for clothes (see Pro-Club t-shirts and plaid shorts). It’s very sad, this whole thing – the death and heartbreak of these films and television shows. I suspect that two things come to mind when in prison or after having just stabbed a king in the back: regret and God. A pause comes from Coster-Waldau when I put the question of regret to him: “I believe in trying to evaluate yourself – if you can – then trying to gain some insight into why you repeat some mistakes and try to not repeat them again. I remember reading about this interview with these nurses who take care of terminally ill patients and they asked them if there was anything that these people talk about, is there a theme, and there was one thing that everyone talked about: they regretted not spending more time with their families, they felt they wasted so many years working and working and not being with their families, and there is a part of me with every job I do, although I love it, it is taking me away from my family, so, I guess sometimes that is a regret. At the same time I’m also aware that I choose to do this, so I’m not going to sit there and cry about it.” And about God? A Higher Power? “I do believe in Karma. In just the most basic sense of the word. If you are being an asshole to people it’s going to bite you in the ass. And I also think if you are decent in the way you behave and how you treat other people that will also come back in a good way. I think it’s very simple. I’m sure if I Google Karma it may say something different, it’s probably a much more profound thing, but… do unto others as you want them to do to you, right?” I answer back, “I saw the other day that Karma knows no time and no place.” “I’d say that’s right,” he answers, before telling me he has to board a plane to Buenos Aires. And I can hear my mother shouting in the background of my mind (she’s a rabid Game of Thrones fan), “Does Cersei die! Does Cersei die!” I can’t ask. I hear the flight attendant’s beckoning. Sorry, Mom. I guess we’ll find out soon enough. Written by: Augustus BrittonPhotographer: Adrian MeskoStylist: Micah JohnsonHair & Grooming: Erica SauerPhotographed at: Splacer.co Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017            On Wednesday (July 12), French couture house Chanel hosted a dinner honoring Lucia Pica, who has recently undertaken the role of Chanel's Global Creative Makeup and Color Designer. They also revealed their Travel Diary Makeup Collection. Hollywood's finest actors, artists, and influencers came together for an intimate dinner at Santa Monica's Capo. Highlights of the new collection include the Palette Essentielle Conceal-Highlight-Color and the Retractable Dual-Tip Face and Concealer brushes.  Check out shots from the evening above. The Travel Diary Makeup Line was influenced by Pica's scenic California road trip, and will be rendering a fresh approach to beauty with unexpected new shades, textures, and finishes. The collection will be available on Chanel.com on August 2, and department stores, specialty stores, and Chanel boutiques September 2017.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       During NYMFW, Byronesque decided to really flesh out their men’s collection, showcasing a collection of Vexed Generation, Helmut Lang and Raf Simons for sale at Opening Ceremony this week (as well as a mansion’s worth of newly found vintage Margiela). Flaunt sat down with Byronesque Vintage's co founder and Editor-in-Chief, Gill Linton for a chat: Why get into Menswear?  We have been inundated with requests to sell menswear for about 2 years. And while we have been selling men's collections via the app for a while, it's never been official. The men's market for vintage has grown really quickly and the available product and the time is right for us now. Opening Ceremony during Men’s fashion week NY was a perfect place to start. We’ll be relaunching the app and the site later this year to make it even more official and easy for guys to buy. How did you decide on what brands to use, Raf, Vexed, Lang?  We've almost sold all of our Raf pieces already. Men have become very obsessive about ‘90s collections and it goes fast. There’s a religious like adoration for Raf and Lang and what they created and we get a lot of people choosing to sell through us as well as buy. We only deal with designers who made an important contribution to fashion history, not just the clothes, but culturally, too. I think people trust us and want to collaborate with us because of that. What's interesting about these designers from this era is that people assume they were major sellers at the time, but it’s not true. Only looking back do we realize how good it was, especially compared to now, hence the demand. I’m happy to report that men are looking for clothes with meaning and no longer want to look like everyone else.  Vexed is particularly special. They were the Helmut Lang of London in the ‘90s. People don’t realize how significant they were in fashion culture and what their influence has been, and still is. They haven’t been available for 20 years and we're honored to bring back their archives for the first time. Their designs and what they stood for is more relevant than ever: the infamous ninja hoods and bags, for example, are epic and I believe will become the uniform for the vexed generation again.  What role do you think vintage fashion plays in the market today?  We call ourselves the new generation of vintage fashion because we specialize in designers from the '80s onward. It's a ridiculous myth that just because it's old means it's good, and we're very critical of clothes that are considered vintage but are actually outdated. There's a big difference. The designs we offer can't be dated, it's just good design, with meaning. They obviously inform new collections because designers today use it as inspiration. Which is good when it informs a different interpretation. They're starting from a good place and hopefully will lead to more creative defiance in fashion. Are you all the counterpoint to fast fashion?  Fuck yes. Environmentally and sartorially. How did you all connect with Opening Ceremony? Humberto saw what we did during PFW this year and invited us to do it with them. An hour lunch with him and I knew I'd met my spirit animal. And here we are. I've been feeling that NYC has dried up and lost any creative edge it had for a long time now. The team at OC have given me new hope. They let us change their name on the front door to OPORNING CEREMONY! They have been incredibly inspiring and prepared to take creative risks. They totally get it. So much respect for them. What's next for the company?  We're growing a lot. A new site and app is coming later this year. Focus on menswear and more accessories. More collaborations. We're turning into intel inside. You're going to see us as the stamp of 'get good vintage here' on lots of other platforms, on and offline. We're particularly excited about our plans and collaborations for future vintage; selecting the pieces from current and new collections to buy now that will be important vintage in the future.  Interview by Joshua Liebman Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Vincent Mantione (@cugino_vin) with Ford Models (@fordmodels) Portfolio  Alejandro Browm (@alejandrogbrown) with Ford Models (@fordmodels) Portfolio  Corbin Minnick (@corbinminnick) with Ford Models (@fordmodels)  Portfolio  Models: Corbin Minnick, Alejandro Brown, Vincent Mantione, and Quinn Staw with Ford Models.  Quinn Straw (@cowboystain) with Ford Models (@fordmodels)  Portfolio Ford models could save lives with their striking looks, just check them out by the Roosevelt Hotel poolside here.  These four male LA models join us for a little Q&A, sharing everything from their favorite songs to where they go for hangouts (basically all the questions you could ever hope to ask). Make sure to follow us on our Instagram, @flauntmagazine, and keep up with the latest postings. What are you listening to? "90210" by Travis Scott. What do you do when you're not modeling? I'm a line cook at Alfred's Coffee. What's your favorite new spot in LA? Tacos Deltas. What are your top three IG accounts you follow?  @KookSlams , @BamBamBaclava, @FlauntMagazine. What's your favorite thing about being a model? People playing with my hair. Who is your favorite designer? Raf Simons. Who are you listening to? "CTRL" by Sza. What are you doing when you're not modeling? I am making art. What is your guilty pleasure? Watching "Buffy the Vampire Slayer." What is your favorite thing about modeling? Learning and meeting people in the industry. What are you listening to?  Well at this very moment I'm listening to Dubstep. My morning go to is Jack Johnson and I'm always down to listen to the Grateful Dead. What are your top three IG accounts you follow?  First would be my big sister @kalvarez6411.  Then I would have to say @GypsytribeX which is a very inspiring couple from Texas.  My third would be @hippiespirits because it has good vibes. What is your guilty pleasure?  I would have to say giant chocolate chip cookies. Shhhhhhhh! Tell me something interesting about the city you're from?  Well, I'm from NYC. Fun fact, New York City has 722 miles of subway tracks What do you do when you're not modeling?  I'm just living life to the fullest having fun, going on hikes with friends, going on random adventures. What are you listening to? I listen to pretty much anything, I'm not too particular. Some of my favorite artists right now are Nujabes, Tenacious D, Eminem, Flight of the Conchords, and Gorillaz. What do you do when you're not modeling? I'm a professional at maxin' and relaxin' when I'm off model duty. I enjoy playing video games, mostly Nintendo, and I'm planning on reading a whole book. Where can you be found on a Friday night? Adventuring in the land of Hyrule in The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, full of the spirit of exploration and unbridled enthusiasm. Or maybe at a party if my friends are going. What current trend do you hate? I'm not a big fan of fidget spinners, there's too much whirring plastic out there as it is. What do you like the most about LA? At the risk of sounding cliche, the weather is easily my favorite part. I'm used to Virginia weather, which is a constantly fluctuating nightmare, so the consistency has been a real treat. Photographed and Produced by Linda Nyvltova Featured Models, all with Ford Models (@fordmodels): Corbin Minnick (@corbinminnick): Portfolio  Quinn Straw (@cowboystain): Portfolio  Vincent Mantione (@cugino_vin): Portfolio  Alejandro Brown (@alejandrogbrown): Portfolio Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Daniel Arsham and adidas Originals team up in collaboration for a short film entitled, Hourglass. The idea centers around time travel on a fluid spectrum and portrays on film through a combination of fiction and documentary. The theme of an hourglass imitates Daniel’s personal experiences that merge his past as a part of his future. Hourglass flings viewers into the childhood of Arsham in an autobiographical look at his experience with a hurricane, while simultaneously showcasing a first look at his ‘New York’ adidas trainer. The ‘New York’ trainer was chosen to highlight the futuristic elements of the sneaker, relating to the time spectrum of the film. The material reflects the idea of being “in process,” which translates to a rough canvas with raw edges. Daniel’s design of the adidas sneaker directly echoes his idea of time as a time traveler himself.   Watch the adidas Originals short film by Daniel Arsham, Hourglass, above. Click here to read more about Daniel Arsham and his work.  Written by: Morgan Vickery Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017     You could hear the party before you saw it. Music reverberated all the way down La Brea, where a line flanked the sides of UNDFTD’s shop, a small pop-up location that’s painted completely black. Inside, a red glow emanated from the ceiling to the brick and plaster walls, where steel beams gridded off one side, giving off that urban vibe they clearly wanted to emulate. It worked.  This was the private preview to celebrate the launch of Adidas' NMD Fall ‘17 line. While new shoes were displayed atop interactive placeholders, the main feature was the “Forever Developing” photography exhibition, NMD x UNDFTD’s collaborative project curated by Brian Willette, Cole Younger, and Marilyn Hue.  The goal was to challenge 12 different photographers to capture Los Angeles with one film camera and a roll of film - all in one day. The exhibit would then display their best photo from that single film roll, and another photo from the usual medium they use.  The results were a true testament to the spirit of diversity in LA. A man sitting in the shadows smiles as a strip of sunlight streams across his face. A mountainous rock stands triumphantly against a clear blue sky. An anonymous figure clips his toenails in front of a shopfront.  From landscape to portraiture to lifestyle, the profound differences between the displayed photographs revealed both artistic integrity and individuality while simultaneously contributing to this city’s undeniably rich culture. Each distinct voice lent by the “Forever Developing” photographers added depth and substance to the chorus that LA sings. It’s a song you’re gonna want to play again and again. The exhibit will open to the public on July 13; July 15-July 16. It will close on July 19. Written by Chelsey Sanchez (Photos by: Photo by Erik Voake/Getty Images for adidas) Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Booth Moore can not rest. No seriously, after starting a little over a year ago as senior fashion editor at The Hollywood Reporter and Pret-a-Reporter.com, she was also working on the mecca of all shopping guides, Where Stylists Shop, which released early this year.  Moore tapped into her little black book of 20 years worth of contacts within the fashion industry and interviewed 175 of fashion’s crème de la crème to find out the must go shops all around the world. Moore spent a year researching, interviewing, and visiting these shops as she holds a true admiration for brick-and-mortar stores and hopes to share that with others, “I am hoping it will inspire people to appreciate brick-and-mortar for sure," Moore tells Flaunt. "While I love shopping online, there’s no better way to get to know a new place, and its fashion community, than hitting the stores and talking to shopkeepers.” Not only can this guide fill you in on all the hotspots while traveling, it can also make you fall in love with your own city again and discover a new shop.  Where Stylists Shop, is a must bring for your summer travels and definitely something all fashionistas will be squeezing into their designer luggage on every trip.      Written by Britton Litow  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    The Swedish retail giant H&M has tapped London-based brand Erdem for their next, and always highly anticipated, annual designer collaboration. Erdem is a womenswear line known for their enchanting prints, intricate eye for details and its modernized influence of romanticism. The collaboration with H&M offers something for both men and women--the first time Erdem will design menswear. With H&M’s ongoing theme of visual storytelling, they couldn’t have found anyone better than Australian film director Baz Luhrmann to shoot the rich and cinematic visuals for the campaign. Peep the teaser below. Written by Emma Nicole Aderheim Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    WESTLEY AUSTIN satin jacket, GINTARE & MARLA STUDIOS jewelry, LAMBSKIN buttons  WESTLEY AUSTIN marbled silk shirt    WESTLEY AUSTIN satin jacket, GINTARE & MARLA STUDIOS jewelry, LAMBSKIN buttons  WESTLEY AUSTIN red suede flame trucker jacket    WESTLEY AUSTIN black suede flame trucker jacket, MARBLED silk shirt, GREY ANT sunglasses     WESTLEY AUSTIN blue suede flame moto jacket, GINATRE & MARLA STUDIOS jewelry     WESTLEY AUSTIN marbled silk dress, CONVERSE shoes, FALKEN socks, GINTARE & MARLA STUDIOS jewelry,  WESTLEY AUSTIN marbled silk shirt  Imagine if Mick Jagger would’ve grown up along the breezy coast of San Diego and spent all his younger days surfing and skating, writing grungy poetry, starting his own band and rebelliously growing his hair out a la mid-century androgynous rock star while launching a successful modeling career - at the same damn time. That’s Justin Gossman.  It’s almost as if a rad vintage polaroid picture found in a 70’s concert backstage area has come to real life when observing Justin and his effortlessly nostalgic look. We chatted with Justin about his childhood, his band The Toy Guns, hair styles and his unexpectedly fascinating obsession with knifes. Tell me how it was growing up in San Diego.  Did the garage band scene influence you as a teenager?  Growing up in San Diego was a skateboarding & surfing haven. My generation was the last of an era, before everything got so commercialized. Living by the beach in Del Mar, surfing on the off days living was easy & the weather was breezy. Good homies & good weather while it lasted.  Ché Café was always a random fun thing to cruise out to and see some bands play that you'd never heard of -  some that actually made it places as well as everything in between.  When you were young did you think you were going to be a model/rock star? Or did you have other plans in mind? Honestly I thought I was going to be a lawyer or a professional baseball player. I found myself around motorbikes for a while but then my dreams pushed me towards skateboarding. 11 broken bones later I'm now a model & musician.  You can't predict the future - you can just embrace it or fight it. Either way you'll find yourself all alone if your mind is not in it for the real reasons of hype, passion or love. Follow your gut and only time will tell - if you don't try, you'll never find out... How did your band, The Toy Guns, come together? The Toy Guns came together after I started coming up to LA from San Diego. Every Wednesday night I would stay at Troy Braunstein's house. He was in a band called Aqua Rhythm back when I knew him in high school and we used to be a part of a big group of friends. We weren't super tight at that moment in time but he ended up breaking up the band and made a new one called The Hollow Suns. I would come out to all his shows and film them with my cell phone then send them to him since nobody at the time was recording or taking many photos. And after a while I started to show him some of my poetry and asked him if he could help me make a song that I was working on at the time. I mainly did poetry but started integrating it into acoustic grungy poetry haha if I can ever call it that. […we totally think you can!]. After a few months of jamming around and getting used to each other’s vibes...we were the Yin to each other's Yang. What at first started off as just Troy helping me make a few of my own songs for my own music portfolio soon turned into being a full blown song writing team, like John Lennon & Paul McCartney. What is sort of the creative experience like with The Toy Guns? It's basically many writings. Poems or songs however you want to look at them. Lots of verses and little idea rid bits for choruses. Then I'll usually have some sort of rhythm or melody that I have in mind that I’ll record on my phone, and when I see Troy I show him what I came up with. He will then go and come up with some groovy guitar work that plays well with it. He usually helps me finish off writing the chorus then we start acoustically playing it, humming it, or even muttering it until we figure out what parts we love & hate to then find what's missing together. We don't have a system like Metallica do where they go to a white board. We kind of just go by ear and it always just seems to work itself out. Troy is very talented and I am honestly honored to know him and having him as a band mate. Let's just say it still feels like it's all a dream.  When you write are you writing from personal experiences or is it more general?  When I write, I write from emotions. From anger. Exaggeration and desperation.  I write every song as if it were my last. Because you never know what this life will bring you or take from you. I had bronchitis and stomach pains last year while shooting an editorial in Paris and ended up in the hospital after the shoot. I never let anyone on set know I was sick. I even got naked and took a bath while the giant French doors were open and the freezing winter winds coming in.  After that I flew to New York to do the biggest campaign of my career and the bronchitis turned into pneumonia. That lingered around for quite some time, and a few months later it finally turned into walking pneumonia - all while my stomach issues just couldn't be solved. I eventually was under 110 pounds and as I started to recover I have been handling that and using all this pain and misery to help me write. It's taught me how to fight for what I want and that's why I faded away from the scene for some time. Now that I'm getting back to normal I decided it's time to start working again. I just signed with Fusion Models NYC as my mother agent, had my first live performance with my band in Los Angeles with The Hollow Suns opening for us. The time is right -  The show is about to begin...  Can you talk about how the single “How Long has it Been” was created?  So I wrote this poem. The first words that made me realize I had got something were: "Ain't got no money, I'm all alone". As I finally figured out the rhythm, which was only three chords played in an odd strum pattern my band mate told me it won’t work. But I insisted it could. I came back with "No Chaos, and No Misery -  I won't let death be the stop of me, cuz we ain't got no money I'm all alone."  Several sessions later Troy and I made our first master piece! He helped me write the chorus and God damn he can play that guitar like a ring in a bell! Can you tell me about your look/ haircut and sort of how it came to be? My hair was military style cuts all my life due to my fathers’ nature. So once he was gone for around 46 months I started growing my hair out mid length and before you knew it he came back home – he couldn't believe the mop that was on my head. For the next two and a half years I grew my hair out as long as I could. But then one day my old man sparked up a deal with me that included $400 for me to cut my hair. I did it -  I cashed in knowing my hair would grow back. When I started getting into modeling I just kept cutting my own fringe like in the old photos of the musicians I really enjoyed. For the next 2 years as a model I didn't let anyone cut my hair. I just became a master of my own fringe/bangs. My first real hair cut didn't come until I met Luigi Murenu, when we had a two-day shoot for Vogue Germany. At the casting I told him that that I have a hair appointment one of the days of the shoot and that in order for me to do the shoot - he must cut my hair. Long story short he loved my hair the way it was but I wanted to take advantage of having one of the best in the world shape my hair. And the best part about it was, it was free haha. What is something that people tend to get wrong about you?  Everyone thinks I'm mean. Or like a super hard person to approach and talk to. Just because I have a knife doesn't mean I'm a villain nor should I be vilified by the media for my choice in arms.  Where did your interest in knives and guns come from? My father was a government man so he always had the cool gadgets a kid would go crazy over. It started as a way for me to make money - I'd buy knives with my mum at this GI Surplus store and then sell them to kids in my neighborhood that were in high school & middle school. They would sell them for double what they bought them off me for. A 15$ butterfly knife sold for 100$. But kids got in trouble for having knives at school and over time it just started to become a collection type of thing. I find it so strange how most people are either afraid of knives and guns or they’re extremely drawn to them. But I have been yet to be proved otherwise that there truly is a median. Modeled by Justin Gossman (@justingossman) Photographed by Storm Santos (@stormshoots) Styled by Blake Hardy  (@blakefromohio) Makeup and Hair by Samuel Rodriguez  (@sr12style) Written by Emma Nicole Aderheim Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                              Flaunt was invited to the Hugo Boss Spring/Summer Men's 2018 "Summer of Ease" Runway show during New York Fashion week. The German fashion label debuted their light and breezy collection, which spurred from nautical inspiration. Boss played with the idea of a carefree and easy summer spent by the beach in light and airy garments. Featured above are snapshots from every look in the Hugo Boss Spring/Summer Men's 2018 show. For exclusive backstage content on the Hugo Boss SS18 runway show click here. Flaunt counted down the days for Boss' runway show and live-streamed it on Tuesday (watch a replay here). Check out our behind the scenes and backstage pre-show interviews here.  Stay tuned for more NYFW news on flaunt.com Photography by: Marsha Lebedev Bernstein  Written by: Morgan Vickery     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Italian fashion house Gucci recently let the world know that it’s time to not only dress yourself, but also dress your space in their designs. They announced their décor collection - conveniently named Gucci Décor. Creative director Alessandro Michele explained in a press release that “The idea is not to prescribe a particular decorative look, but to provide elements that allow for living spaces to be customized” and is a collaboration with Florentine porcelain company Richard Ginori and illustrator Alex Merry. The collection will include intricate embroidered cushions, incense trays, chairs, screens, wallpaper, metal trays, and metal folding tables all designed in the true essence of signature Gucci motifs and patterns: the Herbarium floral print, geometric chevrons, and animals from the Gucci Garden such as cats, bees, butterflies and tigers. The collection also includes fragrant candles and incense in four delicious scents titled Inventum (a delicate blend of exotic rose species), Fumus (a dark and intense mix of birch, orange and beeswax), Herbosum (aromic plants infused with fresh spices, and Esotericum (a bitter aroma of orange, jasmine, leather and salt a la Seville). Gucci Décor will be launching in September on gucci.com and in select Gucci and specialty stores. We can’t wait. But as they say, “it’s all Gucci.” Written by Emma Nicole Aderheim Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Get a box of tissues ready, fashion lovers. Heartbroken couture connoisseurs across the world woke up to the unexpected news today that concept fashion store Colette would close in December of this year, owing to the retirement of the store’s founder, Colette Rousseaux. Rousseaux still lives above the shop with her daughter and co-owner, Sarah Andelman. Fans of the store commiserated together over Instagram and Twitter, posting comments with the broken heart emoji and making 'Colette closing' a trending topic earlier this morning.  This image posted on Colette's Instagram (@colette) is an ode to the store's signature blue and white shopping bags.  In a fashion world where consumers are increasingly online, Colette proved to be a successful example of the traditional brick-and-mortar store format. The three-story store first opened in 1997 on the Rue St.-Honoré in Paris and quickly became a place of pilgrimage for fashion designers, editors and lovers alike. Colette has partnered with brands including Balenciaga, IKEA, Hermès, Vespa, and Saint Laurent. Saint Laurent, their last collaboration, is also in talks to buy the retail space. “As all good things must come to an end, after twenty wonderful years, Colette should be closing its doors on December 20th of this year,” read a statement on Colette’s Instagram. “Colette Roussaux has reached the time when she would like to take her time; and Colette cannot exist without Colette.” The statement continued, “Until our last day, nothing will change. Colette will continue to renew itself each week with exclusive collaborations and offerings, also available on our website colette.fr.” To stave off your tears (for now, at least), Flaunt's got you covered. Check out our past coverage of Colette. Written by: Helen Murphy  Photo by: Colette (@colette)  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                                A Summer of Ease? Yes, please. In the midst of a hot political climate and an even hotter global climate, German fashion label Hugo Boss came to New York Fashion Week with a collection that is easy, breezy, and effortlessly refreshing.  Flaunt flew into NYC Tuesday to witness "Summer of Ease," Boss' Spring/Summer Men's 2018 collection in all its glory. Inspired the by the carefree feeling of summer, the collection featured a nautical color palette splashed over light fabrics, airy Bermuda shorts and wafer-thin leather jackets. "For me [summer] is warm, airy, it's always by the beach," Ingo Wilts, Hugo Boss's Chief Brand Officer, told Flaunt after the show.  Boss' desire to showcase a "Summer of Ease" through their designs translated through the indoor-outdoor nature of the show, held at the South Street Seaport on Fulton Street.  "We want to show casual things, something you can buy or wear maybe on a summer evening but then also in a dressier way," Wilts told us. "We are very, very rigid in a way. And I always want to show there are more ways of doing this. We wanted to show people, there is more than one way to wearing a suit."  Flaunt counted down the days for Boss' runway show and live-streamed it on Tuesday (watch a replay here). Check out our behind the scenes and backstage pre-show interviews here.  Photography by: Marsha Lebedev Bernstein  Written by: Eva Barragan     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Wood House SS2018 Collection Photographer: Marsha Lebedev Bernstein      Wood House SS2018 Collection Photographer: Marsha Lebedev Bernstein  Wood House SS2018 Collection Photographer: Marsha Lebedev Bernstein  Wood House SS2018 Collection Photographer: Marsha Lebedev Bernstein  Wood House SS2018 Collection Photographer: Marsha Lebedev Bernstein  Wood House SS2018 Collection Photographer: Marsha Lebedev Bernstein  Wood House SS2018 Collection Photographer: Marsha Lebedev Bernstein  Wood House SS2018 Collection Photographer: Marsha Lebedev Bernstein  Wood House SS2018 Collection Photographer: Marsha Lebedev Bernstein  Wood House SS2018 Collection Photographer: Marsha Lebedev Bernstein  Wood House SS2018 Collection Photographer: Marsha Lebedev Bernstein  Wood House SS2018 Collection Photographer: Marsha Lebedev Bernstein  Wood House SS2018 Collection Photographer: Marsha Lebedev Bernstein  Wood House SS2018 Collection Photographer: Marsha Lebedev Bernstein  Wood House SS2018 Collection Photographer: Marsha Lebedev Bernstein  Wood House SS2018 Collection Photographer: Marsha Lebedev Bernstein Politics? Ain't nobody got time for that. Especially not former U.S. Army executive officer turned fashion designer, Julian Woodhouse. Woodhouse is putting his days of administrative operations behind him and moving towards a brighter, more colorful goal: Making Menswear Great Again (but really tho).  Woodland's Men's 2018 Spring Collection, Field Day, is the designer's attempt to put the heavy conversations on the shelf for a bit and "have a little fun."  Field Day's reveal kickstarted Men's Fashion week in New York. The collection is filled with vibrant colored cargo shorts, baseball caps and a handful of elegantly tailored, yet still very playful, trousers and outerwear.  If this is only the beginning of what Men's Spring Fashion has to offer we at Flaunt can't wait to see the rest.  All photos by Marsha Lebedev BernsteinWritten by Eva Barragan Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   At 8pm Tuesday night, LA's chicest set descended on a corner of town few of them had likely ever set foot in before. Those in the know weren't turned off by a bit of adventure. In an industrial corner of Chinatown, between abandoned warehouses covered in tags and impressive street art, the sounds of MAXV and surf-punk-noise outfit WAVVES drew the curious closer.  The occasion for the gathering was the release of AllSaints' highly anticipated Huntington Beach inspires summer collection. The quintessential "surf city" and mecca for slackers, skaters, and sun-seekers of all stripes served as a generous muse for the SoCal focused collection of sun-bleached linen jerseys, faded-out combat pants, and denim cut-offs featuring a beachy pastel palette. To further hone the HB aesthetic, AllSaints Creative Director Will Beedle tapped legendary skater, photographer, and proud Huntington Beach resident Ed Templeton, whose inimitable photos were displayed prominently in the warehouse: “Anyone familiar with Ed Templeton’s photos of his hometown Huntington Beach will know what a unique spirit the town has. So when I found myself there last summer it seemed natural to start to build a collection around it," Beedle says. "A year later I went back, this time with Ed, a couple of cases of clothes that the town had inspired, and a group of kids that we had met along the way. We spent a couple of days just hanging out on the beach, capturing those spontaneous moments, and the images that we took away capture not just the laid-back, languid spirit of that time in Huntington, but every summer spent on the beach...” Take a look at shots from the party below, and click to enlarge any image: Photos by Andrew Noel Written by Sid Feddema Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Paris Men's Spring/Summer 2018 Show Courtesy of Long Nguyen   Paris Men's Spring/Summer 2018 Show  Courtesy of Long Nguyen   Paris Men's Spring/Summer 2018 Show Courtesy of Long Nguyen   Paris Men's Spring/Summer 2018 Show Courtesy of Long Nguyen   Paris Men's Spring/Summer 2018 Show Courtesy of Long Nguyen   Paris Men's Spring/Summer 2018 Show Courtesy of Long Nguyen   Paris Men's Spring/Summer 2018 Show Courtesy of Long Nguyen   Paris Men's Spring/Summer 2018 Show Courtesy of Long Nguyen   Paris Men's Spring/Summer 2018 Show Courtesy of Long Nguyen   Paris Men's Spring/Summer 2018 Show Courtesy of Long Nguyen   Paris Men's Spring/Summer 2018 Show Courtesy of Long Nguyen  The absence of Givenchy and Hedi Slimane's Saint Laurent shows this season, in light of their respective designers’ departures, marked a stark black hole in the Paris men's show schedule. These pronounced pillars of the avant-garde will both present a coed show in late September. Paris has never been the orchestral voice of commercial fashion like Milano. The city has depended on both the young talents globally gathering as well as the tastemakers who’ve helmed France's luxury fashion houses, which are now part of the state's patrimony.  That said, however, this spring 2018 season shows produced a mixture of messages for menswear that is firmly grounded in the complete adoption of American sportswear vernacular: ubiquitous sweatshirts, the manifestation of the varsity high school sports team jackets, and in particular, the streetwear phenomenon that is currently omnipresent in men's fashion everywhere. But following trends can limit a designer's capacity to create innovative collections.  There were two kinds of shows in Paris this spring 2018 season - one that constructed a wardrobe with a close eye to reality and adapted the house codes to streetwear relevancy. The other constructed a bubble or its own aesthetic globe to sustain the independent worldview regardless of the changes afoot.Valentino’s Pierpaolo Piccioli has his ears to the ground as he resurrected the old house logo, this time splashing the Valentino and VLTN names in the back, red, or forest green tracksuits and white tees that permeated the collection, now catered to the young and active men not the boardroom types of the past. The real streetwear brands like Pigalle, and for the first time showing in Paris - the New York designer Heron Preston and the rapper A$AP Bari's VLONE - both competed with mainstream brands for street cred. But in the case of VLONE, the street style brand is better off promoting their brand within their community versus an actual runway show. Against this grain are the dissenters - those who refuse to surrender their aesthetics to the homogenization of fashion.  Olivier Rousteing at Balmain firmly held to his convictions and sent out his army wearing black and white graphic prints on knits, cotton, wool and leather jackets, skirts, long tunics and cut out tuxedos with plenty of sparkles. Rousteing only used French music which is rare for a show even in Paris, sharing with the audience some of the most popular tunes of the late 80's like Johnny Hallyday's “L’envie” and Michelle Polnareff's “Lettre a France.” Alexander McQueen’s Sara Burton narrated an adventurer's odyssey from city life in suits and leather bikers to pastoral life in white cotton broderie anglaise tunics, to eventually the holy grail of clothes - the Tree of Life crystal embroidered on a black coat. Thom Browne imagined his boys in menswear dresses, skirts, and wingtip heels often designated for women. And then there was the Rick Owens show at the beginning of the week, a show that stood apart from the rest of the pack by more than a mile. I have not experienced a show so grand and majestic as Owens' show in the vast courtyard of the Palais de Tokyo in a very long time. It was not just because of the staging where models descended along high and elevated steel scaffolding. Rather, it was a moment when Owens' aesthetics, sharpened over the years, became crystal in its vision, as well as in its fashion propositions. Not to be outdone by the vast blue sky and the tall columns of the Palais, it was, in other words, a rare 'fashion moment.'  Written and photographed by Long Nguyen Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Gregory Siff struck viral fame in the early 2010’s by writing positive affirmations in Sharpie on free post office stickers and slapping them up around Los Angeles. Now, the artist is collaborating with the likes of Saint Laurent, but the loose and spontaneous energy of the streets is still very present in his Basquiat-meets-Andy Warhol work emblazoned on a series of sweaters within the fashion house’s Fall ‘17 collection. Siff--—deemed ‘the Last King of Melrose’--is an artist for whom any barriers between street art and fine art, between the commercial and the creative might as well not exist. He wants to be seen simply as an artist who “makes things that relate to the moment.”  For him, this has meant working across disciplines and mediums, from photography to play writing to spray paint scrawls on some wall in Hollywood and mohair and viscose on a $1350 St Laurent sweater. It's not the first time Siff has collaborated with a fashion brand; Vans and Helmut Lang have both felt the mark of his messy brushstrokes. Siff relishes adding his touch to clothing that has the power to energize your day and make your life better in a small but real way. He also continues to do work that benefits others more concretely, most recently with his participation in the Moma PS 1 project “”Rockaway!,” intended to bring awareness to the continued recovery of New York’s Rockaway Peninsula in the wake of Hurricane Sandy. Siff spoke with us about the collaboration, the emotional fuel behind his work and how—despite the grandiose Melrose-referencing title bestowed upon him—Sunset Boulevard is his eternal muse: FLAUNT: What were some inspirations behind the artwork being showcased within the new collection? Siff: Masculine and feminine. The tangle and braiding of these two forces and the power in both. Do you wear Saint Laurent? What do you like about the brand and/or the rest of the Fall ‘17 collection? Yes. It’s a good feeling when you find a piece that you identify with that gives you energy when you wear it. It’s like looking at paintings; when you connect with a color, a fabric or accouterment that adds to your overall being, it makes your day even better. I love the whole ritual of finding your song in the clothing. The new collection is alive and free, full of beat poetry and leather and pops of color. It’s for the new Wild Ones. This is not the first time you have collaborated with a fashion brand. How do you feel about making art through the medium of fabric instead of paint and a canvas?  I love it. When you are painting from your heart and the paint misses the canvas, hits the floor, your shoes, or your shirt, there can be no mistakes if it’s real. In the end I approach it all the same. There is a story to tell in the painting. There is a story to live in the sweater. You do a lot of painting but you also make a lot of different things--plays, installations, photography--as well as painting that is less than traditional (i.e. your Treats project). How do you see yourself as an artist in relation to disciplines? Does the title of painter feel limiting to you considering your variety of work? I feel that to be an artist one must be a Swiss Army knife of emotions and be able to get out these feelings with any tool in your arsenal. All driven by your heart and experience.  You bio describes you as having a “distinct emotionalism style that merges unique elements of abstraction, pop, and action painting.” Does using the term ‘emotionalism’ mean that you consider emotions the driving force behind your art? If so, can you expand on that? I feel that as you mature as a person and move through life, these things put you in places to create, and expressionism is how I deal with it. You look around the studio and your room and when its rough you find yourself treating the materials and mediums different than when things are smooth. Sometimes it’s a clean brushstroke, other times a knife to the canvas. As long as I leave evidence of life, I feel like I’ve done my job. What do you think about the high-low dynamic to your work? How do you balance the artistic side of things with the more commercial side?  I like that it looks handmade. Anthony Vaccarello did such an exquisite representation of my art in his collection. I never find a conflict in creating work and sharing it with the world. I make work that I love and my friends would hang on their wall or wear. I never look at it as a balance. It flows itself out.  Are you consciously trying to break down the barriers between break the barriers between street art and fine art and commercial art or do you just not notice them?  I never saw a barrier. If it’s felt, that’s what counts. For real. It’s like people and friends. You either magnetize to them or move on. I like being the magnet and making more magnets exist. Does living in LA influence your work and if so, how? Yes. Sunset Blvd. is my forever muse. I love her. Just walk it one night. You’ll understand. How do you think you’ve evolved as an artist since your first opening? I’m exactly where I’m supposed to be as long as by the end of the night there is a new painting hanging on the wall. Can you talk about your new project with the recently opened Los Angeles location of Dream Hotels?   The Dream Hotel is literally a Dream. They are big supporters of the arts.  Not only have they commissioned me to create one of my most important paintings that now hangs inside the bar at Avenue LA, but they are giving me and my manager, Lisa Falcone, a space on property to share a balance of studio-life-meets-gallery-meets-creative-hideout. Picture a modern day Keith Haring Pop Shop mixed with clean gallery walls. Then you turn around and there is paint dripping off of an unfinished canvas. As I shake your hand, you get paint on it . . . Then we go to the Highlight Room on the roof of the Dream and talk about why art is so important and why it’s such a great world we get to live in because of it. All photos courtesy of 2wenty Written by Kylie Obermeier Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    VETEMENTS shirt, FRENN pants, THE INC. belt, and Stylist’s own chain    VETEMENTS X CHAMPION sweatshirt, ACNE STUDIOS pants, and Stylist’s own chain.    VETEMENTS sweatshirt, THE INC. shirt, ANN DEMEULEMEESTER pants, DR. MARTENS boots, and Stylist’s own wallet chain.    VETEMENTS sweatshirt, THE INC. shirt, ANN DEMEULEMEESTER pants, DR. MARTENS boots, and Stylist’s own wallet chain.    VETEMENTS shirt, FRENN pants, THE INC. belt, and Stylist’s own chain.    GIVENCHY shirt, Model’s own tank top, ANN DEMEULEMEESTER pants, and Stylist’s own chain and wallet chain.    GOSHA RUBCHINSKY shirt, ANN DEMEULEMEESTER pants, and Stylist’s own chain and wallet chain.   Photographed by Yudo Kurita and Ian Morrison  Styled by Melanie DeJesus Modeled by Clinton VanArman @Photogenics Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    SCOTCH & SODA shirt, SAINT LAURENT pants and boots.  FRAME pants.  H&M jacket and RAG & BONE pants.  FRAME pants.  LEVI'S jacket, RAG & BONE shirt, and FRAME pants.  LEVI'S jacket, RAG & BONE shirt, FRAME pants.  ALEXANDER MCQUEEN pants.  LEVI'S jacket and RAG & BONE shirt.  FRAME pants.  FRAME pants. Music is my journal, It’s a way to express myself and convey my emotions and thoughts to the world through melody and song.  Fashion is an extension of the music. Artists from every generation wear clothing that resonate with and inspire the art they create. Just like music, fashion sets the tone for how I choose to be in the moment and portray myself to the world. --Drake Bell Featuring Drake Bell (Facebook / Twitter / Instagram)Photos by: Stephen Busken for FlauntGrooming by: Michelle HarveyStyling by: Apuje Kalu Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Models: Jake Alan, Giles Mcleod, Vas, and Cal Oaks all with Ford Models  Cal Oaks (@caltravisoaks) with Ford Models (@fordmodels) Portfolio  Jake Alan (@_jakealan) with Ford Models (@fordmodels) Portfolio  Vas (@_vas_g) with Ford Models (@fordmodels) Portfolio  Giles Mcleod @gilesmcleod Portfolio  Models: Jake Alan, Giles Mcleod, Vas, and Cal Oaks all with Ford Models A heat wave breaks on L.A., but Flaunt knows where to beat it: the shady, paradisiacal pool the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel. Luckily for us, business is often intertwined with pleasure. This is especially true during our ongoing poolside model casting sessions, this week featuring a lovely bunch of fresh faces from Ford Models. While the best way to catch them is by following @flauntmagazine on Instagram, we don't leave our beloved regular web readers out in the car. Hence, Poolaroids. Plus you get to read the model's answers to our cheeky questions below, and we all know that personality is what counts. Stay cool. What are you listening to? I am listening to “Back door man” by Howlin Wolf. What do you do when you're not modeling? When I am not modeling I ride my skateboard and motorcycle or designing graphics on photoshop.  Skateboard for: Element Skateboards, RVCA Apparel, Spank Grip Tape, Roadhouse Gallery.  Work at RVCA Apparel brand as a graphic designer and assist a professional photographer in LA (working behind the camera as a photographer’s assistant and in front of the camera as a FORD model and skateboarder) What model do you most look up to? Dylan Rieder Where would you take someone who is in LA for the first time? I would take someone who is new to LA to The Last Book Store on Spring street. What are your plans for this weekend? Skate, photo shoot, art, guitar by the fire.   What are you listening to? My favorite albums right now are “99.9%” by Kaytranada and “Its Album Time” by Todd Terje. What do you do when you're not modeling? When I’m not modeling I am usually making music with friends.  A lot of my friends happen to be really great musicians, (check out ‘mumbar’ and ‘parkinglotmusic’ on SoundCloud,) and over the last two years it has been what we fill most of our time with. What are your top 3 IG accounts you follow?   Okay, first off, everyone needs to follow @natgeo.  Natgeo should have more followers than any celebrity, model, musician etc. because the shit that they post is so buck wild.  Secondly, everyone should follow the rapper The Game, his tag is @losangelesconfidential.  I follow the Game because everyday he posts hilarious, kind of corny inspiring posts, but he gets so wild with his hashtag game.  He has no fear.  Lastly, Eric Andre.   What is your guilty pleasure?  Well, I found myself listening to Satisfaction by Benny Benassi the other day.  So there’s that.  Also the anime show “Toriko”; -- Don’t really watch anime but this is the wildest show in the game. What emoji do you use most frequently? The alligator emoji because it has the least amount of real world application.  It’s so funny.  Why would you ever need to use that emoji?  You wouldn’t.  So I use it a ton.  It’s a movement.   What are you listening to? I listen half of the time to Russian Rap.  Artists such as: Basta, Guf, Slim. Another part of the time, I listen American Old School Rap. Artists such as: Nas, Eminem, 2pac, 50cent.  I also enjoy listening to Classical music, on radio station KUSC. What do you do when you're not modeling? I work for a car service company called Lyft for extra cash, also I produce russian hiphop music and on the 1st of June I released my first album.  I have a few apartments listed with Airbnb.com that I manage as my small growing business. What’s your favorite thing about being a model?  My favorite thing is all the connections and contacts I’m introduced to along with my team @fordmodels, which play important role in my life.  I’ve also met a lot of models who have become my friends including photographers, stylists, makeup artists with whom I’m still in touch with. What emoji do you use most frequently? ❤  I try to use only positive emoji. What’s the hardest part about being a model?  You always have to be available with an open schedule because castings and photoshoots can come out at any time, But I consider it funny and prefer this style of life because it’s not boring.   What’s your favorite thing about being a model?  It gives me time to focus on my personal art, but I also see it as an extension of my art in the tradition of Warhol Superstars (Lou Reed, Hopper, Candy, etc.) - celebrating the wonder and drive of the created human.  I’ve also been fortunate to run into some genuine folks in this process that I’m happy to call ‘friends’. What are your top 3 IG accounts you follow?  @theeteenaged @ausencia_la @ my mom What model do you most look up to?  Probably more keen on looking up to icons of film, like Alain Delon.  Why wouldn’t I?  He graced the cover of “The Queen is Dead” for crying out loud.   What do you like the most about LA? The diverse culture and the ocean that seems to constantly push and pull that culture - giving it the liveliest pulse on the planet. Tell me something interesting about the city you’re from.  I was born and raised in Knoxville Tennessee.  I think it’s interesting how genuine people are from the south.  Didn’t realize that until I moved to LA last summer.  “The South” is capitalized.  Perhaps you could rather say, “Born and raised in Knoxville, TN.  People are genuine there.  I didn’t realize that until I moved here.  Aside from that, what isn’t interesting about it?  Snake-handling, churches, Dollywood, The Sunsphere, The Body Farm...I could go on and on.  You loathe it when you are there, but you long for that strangeness when you are gone. Photographed and Produced by Linda Nyvltova Featured Models, all with Ford Models (@fordmodels): Jake Alan (@_jakealan): Portfolio Giles Mcleod (@gilesmcleod): Portfolio Vas (@_vas_g): Portfolio Cal Oaks (@caltravisoaks): Portfolio     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Choose between sense or sensibility. To be rational or to be impulsive, to be a force to be reasoned or reckoned with - either option forces a dichotomous view of the world to its spectator. In a world teetering on the threshold between efficient minimalism and gaudy extravagance, which option should one choose to perpetuate? And, even more so, what does this duality have to do with fashion? This year’s Fashionclash Festival (FCF), an annual interdisciplinary fashion festival aiming to spotlight emerging designers and artists, begs the question with their theme, “Fashion Makes Sense” - although they aren’t really proclaiming that statement as much as they are placing a bold question mark at its end. Does fashion make sense anymore in this environmentally-conscious society? And, if it doesn’t, why is fashion losing sense? By sense, FCF means to spotlight the polluting nature of the fashion industry, a billion dollar business that has been known to harm the environment. In a press release, FCF also suggests that “our society approaches fashion as a purely visual phenomenon and doesn’t always see the nature of the interaction with the body (of the wearer), despite the fact that fashion is the most intimate form of art, as it is literally worn ‘on the body’!” Through this year’s 9th edition, FCF hopes to bridge that gap between the consumer and the consumed, a kind of consumer-to-designer-to-industry pipeline. FCF will take place in Maastricht, a city in The Netherlands, from June 29 to July 2. While artistic and managing directors Branko Popovic, Laurens Hamacher and Nawie Kuiper helm the event, more than 150 young fashion designers and performing artists from around the world will have the opportunity to showcase their work to a diverse and international audience. Additionally, the Fashion Makes Sense LAB will be organized in accordance with this edition’s theme, where exhibitions, fashion talks, workshops, and guided tours will be available to viewers. Previous FCF themes include “Age/Art of Aging,” “Gender,” and “Heritage” - all themes that intend to stretch and question the boundaries of what is conventionally known as “fashion.” The only thought that then remains is this: will FCF provide as many answers as the questions it asked? Written by Chelsey SanchezFeatured Image: Courtesy of Fashionclash.nl. Photo by Lonneke van der Palen. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017        Rachel McCollum has lived a life of inspiring wanderings. She grew up on a cattle ranch in Montana, studied at a boarding school in Europe, and currently lives in New York. With her debut line of luxury handbags, titled MCCLLM, she synthesizes these disparate influences (and particularly the modern architecture of the cities in which she has lived) to create pieces that combine functionality, sculptural shapes and clean edges – along with unexpected elements.   We spoke to Rachel about the process behind starting a new brand, filling the need for a functional yet stylish handbag, and her many inspirations:  MCCLLM pronounced ‘Mek-aw-luhm’ is actually the acronym for my last name McCollum. I wanted a name that is distinctive and memorable but also a bit mysterious. For our logo we chose a light uppercase sans serif with the first L flipped as a little unexpected twist and distinguishing characteristic. The subtle and unassuming word mark is meant to capture MCCLLM’s concept of no-fuss luxury.  Whenever coming up with a new design for a bag I try to pair refined functionality with a sense of modern sensibility. What that means is that I put a focus on a clean, minimal aesthetic and high quality but I also think a lot about in what context the bags will be used by women. Having worked in the luxury accessories industry, I realized that there was a rigid dichotomy between fashion and function. Most high end products were solely focusing on aesthetic properties and design, instead of putting much thought into the usability of bags and women's lifestyles. This realization pushes me to constantly improve our products so we continue creating the perfect work-life bags for our customers. MCCLLM is a modern, high-quality handbag brand designed in New York and handcrafted in Italy. At the core of my design philosophy is the concept of ‘less-is-more’. Our craftsmen hold a strong commitment to creating handbags that are supremely constructed providing long-lasting product use to a standard of perfection. There was just as much thought put into the interior, each bag has multiple padded compartments with paperboard folding for office files and devices as wells as pockets for cords. We exclusively use rare and highly resilient leathers that have been treated to have soft fibers, enabling computers and other electronics to be placed inside without protective covers. Each product is also completely water-resistant from the inside out! I live in New York City so I draw a lot of inspiration from its eclectic urban architecture. In my designs I like to references those sculptural shapes and the clean-edge aesthetic - with unexpected elements. The pattern work behind the handbags were driven by math and developed in collaboration with an architect and CAD specialist. I think that this rather unusual process allows me to give the design and construction of the bags an interesting level complexity.  I’ve always been very interested in minimal and abstract art so I’m usually inspired when I browse NYC’s numerous galleries. Richard Serra and Charles Hinman are two of my all-time favorite artists, what influenced my first collection ‘Black on White’ color wise was definitely the work of Ad Reinhardt’s ‘Black’ Paintings. When it comes to my personal style I would say that fashion role models are Rei Kawakubo, Martin Margiela and Issey Miyake.  I envision two types of women carrying a MCCLLM Bag: The urban socializer – who sees her wardrobe as an extension of her creative and unique personality. She travels in style and is looking for quality over quantity/craft over mass. Then the affluent alfa – who knows exactly what looks good on her. For her, fashion, function and superior quality must come together to appeal to her always on-the-go lifestyle. Overall, I would describe the MCCLLM woman as elegant, understated paired with a take-me-seriously quality. She is an empowered and passionate – not self-entitled – individual. She is modern, independent and a driven professional who takes pride in her appearance but with ease. Our mission is to create versatile, high-quality and elegant handbags for women on the move. This informs all our creative and strategic decisions, so what you see in our inaugural collection is a first manifestation of those efforts. In this first collection I am trying to avoid anything that is unnecessary, focusing on the essentials and the beauty of form. The “Black On White” collection was launched at the beginning of 2017 and can be found online at MCCLLM.com For the upcoming season, I’m exploring new colors and adding new little touches that will have a big impact on versatility, allowing our bags to do more and to be used in more contexts. Interview by Morgan VickeryPhotographed by Vadim Krizhanovsky Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    PRABAL GURUNG dress, MSGM top, and MOUNSER earrings.   PRABAL GURUNG dress, MSGM top, ALUMNAE shoes, and MOUNSER earrings.   PRABAL GURUNG dress, MSGM top, AMELIE PICHARD shoes, and MOUNSER earrings.             MSGM shirt, SOLACE LONDON top, and JENNIFER FISHER earrings.   MSGM shirt, SOLACE LONDON  top, MINDY LE BROCK socks, and JENNIFER FISHER earrings.   MSGM shirt, SOLACE LONDON  top, MINDY LE BROCK socks, and JENNIFER FISHER earrings.    MSGM shirt, PAINTED BIRD bodysuit, SOLACE LONDON pants, SELF PORTRAIT / ROBERT CLERGERIE boots, and JENNIFER FISHER necklace.      MSGM shirt, PAINTED BIRD bodysuit, SOLACE LONDON pants, SELF PORTRAIT / ROBERT CLERGERIE boots, and JENNIFER FISHER necklace.      MSGM shirt, PAINTED BIRD bodysuit, SOLACE LONDON pants, SELF PORTRAIT / ROBERT CLERGERIE boots, and JENNIFER FISHER necklace.      MSGM shirt, PAINTED BIRD bodysuit, SOLACE LONDON pants, SELF PORTRAIT / ROBERT CLERGERIE boots, and JENNIFER FISHER necklace.      MSGM shirt, PAINTED BIRD bodysuit, SOLACE LONDON pants, SELF PORTRAIT / ROBERT CLERGERIE boots, and JENNIFER FISHER necklace.     ROKSANDA top, SOLACE LONDON pants, YASMINE ESLAMI bra, and ALUMNAE shoes.   ROKSANDA top, SOLACE LONDON pants, YASMINE ESLAMI bra, and ALUMNAE shoes.   ROKSANDA top, SOLACE LONDON pants, YASMINE ESLAMI bra, and ALUMNAE shoes.  A fashion story photographed by Eddie Chacon and styled by Mindy Le Brock Photographed by: Eddie Chacon  Styled by: Mindy Le Brock  Model: Isabella Sprauge for Vision Models LA Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017             It is said that the first object ever designed was a talisman –  the mystical object believed to hold supernatural powers used to ward off evil and exude superiority. And this fall Prada’s new jewelry collection gives the talisman a fashionable comeback that plays on the relationship between the primitive artifacts and the relentless progression of so-called civilization. Miuccia Prada's incarnation of the symbolic artifact comes in the form of a unisex line made up of a reliquary's load of strange and furtive objects: crystals on heavy silver chains, clasped rope, exotic shells laced together with precious metal, wooden twigs clutched by animal deities handcrafted from silver. All will be packaged in an elegant, satin-lined Saffiano box that reflects an inspiration of all things mystical found throughout history. Mythology suggests that a talisman only will reveal its true aura once one’s trust in the power of the symbols is present – and whether you believe in magic or not, the Fall 2017 Prada Talisman  collection will be released sporadically throughout June-September.  Written by Emma Nicole Aderheim Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017     ALEXA CHUNG dress, stylist’s own hosiery (worn throughout) and vintage blouse, and LOQ shoes.    ALEXA CHUNG dress, stylist’s own hosiery (worn throughout) and vintage blouse, and LOQ shoes.    ALEXA CHUNG dress, stylist’s own hosiery (worn throughout) and vintage blouse, and LOQ shoes.    ALEXA CHUNG dress, stylist’s own hosiery (worn throughout) and vintage blouse, and LOQ shoes.    ALEXA CHUNG dress, stylist’s own hosiery (worn throughout) and vintage blouse, and LOQ shoes.    ALEXA CHUNG sweater and ZARA shorts.    ALEXA CHUNG sweater and ZARA shorts.    ALEXA CHUNG vest and LOQ shoes.     ALEXA CHUNG dress and LOQ shoes.    ALEXA CHUNG vest.  Left to Right: ALEXA CHUNG dress, stylist’s own hosiery (worn throughout) and vintage blouse, and LOQ shoes.  ALEXA CHUNG vest and LOQ shoes.   ALEXA CHUNG dress and LOQ shoes.     ALEXA CHUNG sweater, DESIREE KLEIN skirt, and LOQ shoes.  So you’re a three-time British fashion style icon award winner, have had wildly successful brand collaborations, have a handbag named after you, and run in the circle of fashion’s most elite…what do you do?  Well, if you’re Alexa Chung you start your own quirky cool buzz-worthy line and properly title it what else, ALEXACHUNG.  Take a peek at what’s about to be on the top of the ‘Fashions Most Wanted’ list this season.  Photographed by: Eddie Chacon Styled by: Sissy Sainte-Marie Models: Saida Ducasse and Vanessa Mendez for Vision LA Hair and Makeup: Marina Gravani at Opus Beauty using Kevin Murphy & Hourglass Cosmetics     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   London Fashion Week Mens is amongst us again! Debuting various designers on Thursday, June 8th, and carrying on until Monday, the 12th of June. From clothing to jewelry, the artists of fashion present to us a glimpse of modern menswear. British designer Nigel Cabourn presented his collection on “The Army Gym” based around the opening of his flagship store in the UK. With an emphasis on earthy tones, Cabourn was influenced by “stories of real people throughout history, military, outdoor sports and work wear.” Xander Zhou, bringing looks from his studio in Beijing, is one of the first fashion designers from China to grace London Fashion Week Men’s. Presenting an edgy look to the runway, Zhou was “inspired by youth subcultures, combining simple elegance with streetwise attitude.” With bold colors, metallic fabrics, and denim inspired pieces, Zhou gives us insight to the style he is portraying in his stores in London, New York, Tokyo, Seoul and more. A string of incredibly talented designers who will be presenting their collections over the weekend including (but not limited to): Hussein Chalayan who is followed by Jennifer Lopez, Lady Gaga, and Rihanna for the love of his cutting edge designs, Vivienne Westwood whose pieces were inspired by the Mediterranean, and Ben Sherman who will be giving the audience of the runway looks of the “Future Mod” the “Working Class Hero” and the “Modern Dandy.”  Written by Melody AmirkhanianPhoto courtesy Tourne De Transmission Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Le Bon Marché, the world renowned Parisian department store, is celebrating the release of their e-commerce site 24Sèvres today, the first accolade of LVMH’s new chief digital officer Ian Rogers.  Since 1825, Le Bon Marché has been at the forefront of luxury fashion, known for its refined selection of established and up-and-coming designers and limited edition pieces. Akin to the storefront, 24Sèvres will feature online exclusives, the first being a 77-part capsule designed by 68 brands including Acne, Chloe, Courreges, Givenchy, Loewe, Miu Miu, and Rick Owens.    The online retailer is aiming to make the quintessential Parisian take on fashion more accessible to the global consumer, filling a void they observed in digital space. The pieces available on 24Sèvres will be curated akin to Le Bon Marché, initially focusing on women's ready-to-wear, shoes, accessories, leather goods and beauty, with a wide price point to suit any budget (anywhere from an $85 Maison Kitsune tee to a $10,000 Loro Piana cashmere coat).   Online shoppers can look forward to a reimagined, personalized shopping experience including live video styling consultations, express delivery to over 70 countries, and a loyalty program providing free shipping direct from Paris.  When speaking to the Financial Times, Rogers is quick to describe 24Sèvres as the “shopping experience of the future.” If today’s capsule release is any indication, the site is going to be one to watch. Written by Chanel Peykar Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Harlem fashion pioneer Dapper Dan—whose many devotees during the 80s included LL Cool J and Mike Tyson—was sued out of business by big name fashion houses in 1992 for designing pieces like a jacket with Michelin Man-esque sleeves emblazoned with Louis Vuitton’s trademark brown and tan logo pattern, copyright be damned. But fashion is cyclical and life is ironic. Last week Gucci provoked a viral backlash  with a jacket from their 2018 cruise collection that looks practically identical to Dapper Dan’s 1989 piece, but with the Gucci logo in place of that famed LV.  A day later, Gucci declared that the piece was “an homage” to the fearless designer, and Dapper Dan announced that he is “at the table” on a collaboration with the brand. Nonetheless, this is not the first time that a fashion brand has evoked a problematic conversation about race and appropriation. These important nuances and recent events will almost certainly be discussed at “Clothing & Race,” part one of a three-part summer panel series on clothing and its social complexities at East Hollywood community art space Junior High. The June 11th event will put Rikki Byrd, fashion and African American studies scholar and Art Basel-featured researcher, and Charles Harbison, gender dichotomy-blurring designer whose clothes have graced the backs of Beyoncé and Solange, in conversation with each other. No doubt the two will have plenty of things to chat about.  Written by Kylie Obermeier  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   It seems Vetements designer Demna Gvasalia has once again torched the sacred relics of fashion, this time canceling their SS18 show just over a month before the start of Paris fashion week.  Since the debut of Vetements in 2014, the radically insouciant label has never failed to create a frenzy. Most notably, Gvasalia's team collaborated with seventeen brands to rework staple clothing pieces across the spectrum of low to high end (everything from Hanes t-shirts and Champion hoodies to Manolo Blahnik heels) in a subversion of the hierarchies of traditional fashion and the notion of originality.  Now, Gvasalia says he wants to focus his creativity on a “more analytical” approach, “which is more based on really observing the way we dress, what we wear, and why we wear it.” Ditching the tradition of a fashion show is indicative of Gvasalia’s focus on clothing rather than fashion, a notion reiterated by another rule breaker -- Gucci's creative director Alessandro Michele, who has recently been credited for breathing new life into the Italian fashion empire.  “Most of the looks are not even produced and therefore never get to the shop floor. Shows are there merely to sell a dream that at the end of the day will sell a perfume or a wallet in a duty-free store,” says Vetements CEO Guram Gvasalia.  This begs the question, what will Vetements do next? Written by Chanel PeykarPhoto of Vetements coat, hoodie, pants, and shoes by Louis Canadas Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photo Credit: Owen Kolasinski/BFA.com  Photo Credit: Owen Kolasinski/BFA.com  Photo Credit: Owen Kolasinski/BFA.com  Photo Credit: Owen Kolasinski/BFA.com  Photo Credit: Owen Kolasinski/BFA.com  Photo Credit: Clayton Webster  Photo Credit: Clayton Webster  Photo Credit: Clayton Webster  Photo Credit: Clayton Webster  Photo Credit: Owen Kolasinski/BFA.com  Photo Credit: Owen Kolasinski/BFA.com  Photo Credit: Owen Kolasinski/BFA.com  Photo Credit: Owen Kolasinski/BFA.com  Photo Credit: Owen Kolasinski/BFA.com  Photo Credit: Owen Kolasinski/BFA.com Céline and Maxfield: two storied icons of fashion and retail. One an anchor of French couture since the 1940's; the other hailing from fashion upstart Los Angeles, where Maxfield introduced an innovative approach to luxury retail and quickly became L.A's first true fashion mecca. On June 1st these two forces converged here in L.A. for an exclusive launch and exhibition of Céline's Pre-Fall 17 collection. As always at Maxfield, the facilities were as beautiful and innovative as the pieces featured within – in this case the exhibition took place in the striking Prouvé Structure Nomade at Maxfield in Los Angeles, a recently installed replica of the famous French architect Jean Prouvé's bold design for a mobile museum. To further celebrate the collaboration between the two fashion titans, Céline created two handbag styles in exclusive colorways: the Trotteur in Plum Grained Calfskin and the Medium Frame in Jade & Bright Red Shiny Smooth Calfskin, available exclusively at Maxfield. A bevy of stars from the fashion world and elsewhere were in attendance. The exhibition will be on display from June 1st – 11th. Photographed by Clayton Webster and Owen KolasinskiWritten by Sid Feddema  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   GUCCI shoulder bag in black matelassé chevron velvet with beaded pearls “loved” and embroidered flower appliqués and “LOVED” men’s hat. BURBERRY lip velvet lipstick in damson. THE WILTERN First opening in 1931 and hosting Clark Gable and Joan Crawford on opening night, The Wiltern sits on the corner of WILshire and wesTERN (geddit?). A blue/green terra-cotta clad, art deco triumph, the exquisite venue came within a hair’s breath of demolition on two separate occasions during the ’70s. The Wiltern has transformed from a vaudeville venue to one of the best places in the city to see anyone from Bob Dylan to Jack White.  DIOR hand-painted velvet lambskin ‘Le Coeur de Dior’ bag and ‘Addict’ lacquer stick in diabolo. DIOR HOMME x SENNHEISER ‘The Travel Solution’ backpack and headphones. DIOR ‘Addict’ lacquer stick in diabolo. THE FONDA Opening in 1926 and built in the Spanish Revival style, The Fonda was one of the first legitimate theaters in Hollywood. Having been restored to its ‘20s finery in 2002, the venue is a favorite for big acts wanting a smaller space, and has hosted everyone from The Rolling Stones to Pearl Jam. It’s this reputation that saw it get named L.A.’s Best Music Venue by the LA Weekly in 2015. VIRGINIA BLACK decadent American whiskey. M.A.C COSMETICS Min Liu collaboration matte lipstick in peach blossom pink. THE VIPER ROOM Beginning as a jazz joint that hosted gangsters Bugsy Siegel and Mickey Cohen, in 1993 Johnny Depp and Chuck E. Weiss revitalized the space and opened The Viper Room to a Tom Waits performance. Later that year River Phoenix tragically died out-front after performing with Flea from the Red Hot Chilli Peppers. It has hosted everyone from Johnny Cash to Oasis and was the scene of an onstage fight between members of The Brian Jonestown Massacre. SAINT LAURENT BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO crocodile-embossed leather love box, WILDFOX ‘Lolita’ sunglasses, and L’AGENT BY AGENT PROVOCATEUR heart-embroidered tulle underwear. NARS velvet matte lip pencils in dirty mind and endangered red. HOLLYWOOD PALLADIUM A titanic venue with a capacity of almost 4,000, the Palladium opened in 1940 with Tommy Dorsey and Frank Sinatra playing the tunes. Since then it has hosted everything from The Jimi Hendrix Experience in 1969 to the final concert scene in The Blues Brothers (1980). It reopened in 2008 with a Jay-Z show after careful restorations. Photographed by Isaac von HalbergStyled by Mui-Hai ChuFashion Assistant: Katiria Powell The Cadence Issue Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Left to right: JOHN ELLIOT jacket. STUSSY coat, STONE ISLAND shorts, and CONVERSE shoes.  Left to right: CALVIN KLEIN jacket, PUBLIC SCHOOL shorts, and COACH underwear. BURBERRY shirt and pants and COACH underwear.  Left to right: HUGO BOSS coat, COACH t-shirt and shoes, ADIDAS ORIGINALS pants, CALVIN KLEIN underwear, and STUSSY hat. STUSSY jacket and cap and BURBERRY shirt.  Left to right: KENZO sweater and pants, CALVIN KLEIN underwear, and VANS shoes. AG sweatshirt.  Left to right: KENZO jacket, CALVIN KLEIN jeans, and COACH underwear. PUBLIC SCHOOL t-shirt, JOHN ELLIOT shorts, and G-STAR RAW shorts.   Left to right: KSUBI sweatshirt and PUBLIC SCHOOL shorts. KSUBI jacket, CALVIN KLEIN shorts, and VANS shoes.  JOHN ELLIOT pants and COACH shoes.  HUDSON JEANS sweatshirt and STUSSY pants. JOHN ELLIOT jacket and t-shirt, MERCER MARKET jeans, and STUSSY belt.  STUSSY sweatshirt, HELMUT LANG shorts, and VANS shoes.  Left to right: CHAPTER shirt and CALVIN KLEIN pants and underwear. MERCER MARKET tank top.  COACH coat and underwear and CALVIN KLEIN tank top. As Frida Kahlo walked the streets of Mexico City in the 1930s & 40s, dressed in her beautifully eccentric creations, a crazy perfect mix of traditional and contemporary pieces, children would stop and ask her “Where is the circus?” She would just smile graciously and continue walking. Photographer: John TsiavisStylist: David Bonney for 3plusmgmt.comHair & Make Up: Gustavo BortolottiLine Producer: Antonio CasoModels: Diego & Jenn for New Icon, Daniel & Pavel & Tay for Bang, Di Loreto Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Footsteps echo in the dark among underground parking lot pillars. Out of the darkness a figure emerges, sharply dressed and wielding what looks like a weapon. This is no usual fashion featurette. The film features a crisp black and white setting, charged with the inescapable cool of the energy féminité and music á la Bond, with a nod to unforgettable '70s rockstar sensibilities. Rounded spotlights shine above her in the vacated structure as she raises what turns out to be a daringly designed arm's-length clutch and thrashes the air as if to cut the tension with a knife. Intercut with visuals of her subtle skin, poised stance mid-row, a climax has ensued. Winter is here. Vaccarello seduces audiences in the new Winter 2017 fashion film by filmmaker Nathalie Canguilhem. Featuring British/French actress and singer Charlotte Gainsbourg, the Winter 2017 Campaign signals a turn toward sharp construction and reveals an understated assertion of chic French glamour. On his vision, Anthony said, "I love Monsieur Saint Laurent's subversive approach to his clothes, his dark romanticism with a hint of perversity. I wanted this collection to be like a re-reading, a radical fantasy of this heritage." Vaccarello's signature compressed dress length highlights his expertise in feminine framing and the striking pointed shoulder detail brings forth a sense of contemporary wearable art. Portraying a deeper sensibility of sound, light and evening dress, Saint Laurent captures a raw moment in #YSL09 by Anthony Vaccarello. Written by Sandra Colton-Medici Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    MANFREDONIA dress and HAUS OF TOPPER earrings. Contempt (1963)  CLAUDIA LI coat and shirt. The Piano Teacher (2001)  JOSE DURAN jacket. The Shining (1980)  DEVON HALFNIGHT LEFLUFY coat, PSYCHO BUNNY shirt, LENA ERZIAK shoes, and PRIVATE POLICY pants and belts.  Pierrot le Fou (1965)  BERNHARD WILLHELM dress. The Blood of a Poet (1932)  NAMILIA dress, SARINA SURIANO earring, LAUREL DEWITT metal flower applique. Psycho (1960)  MANFREDONIA dress, SARINA SURIANO necklace, and HAUS OF TOPPER earrings. The Blood of a Poet (1932)  Left to right: PRIVATE POLICY pants. Vintage kimono, TABLEAUX VIVANTS belt, and GINETTE NY ring. In the Realm of the Senses (1976) I was 16 or 17. I took my mother’s car to drop something off in the post office drive-thru. I was wearing a t-shirt and ratty shorts, and she said, “What if you get in a crash and everyone saw you in that outfit?” It seems quaint now. Several years later, when I attempted suicide, I very consciously decided that I should leave a graceful and dignified scene. Dying glamorously is a privilege. It rarely happens in real life, but there’s always the movies to provide a vision of a glorious Technicolor demise. I want to be carried away by the melodrama. I want people to weep as much as I want people to scoff at the saccharine spectacle. After all, one’s own death is the greatest fiction; it can never be recounted except in fantasy. Written by William J. SimmonsPhotographer: ioulexStylist: Masayo KishiModels: Daniele Frazier, Jason P. Grisell, Edeltrud H., Jana Julius for Wilhelmina, and El TtHair: Kenshin Asano for L’AtelierMakeup: Paco Blancas for L’AtelierLocation: ACME Studios at acmebrooklyn.com . The Cadence Issue Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    LEMAIRE cotton nylon parka and cotton nylon pants and Y-3 leather and stretch nylon sneakers.  YANG LI cotton cropped jacket, linen long shirt, and cotton pants and DIOR HOMME leather zippered boots.  KOLOR cotton jacket with side closure and cotton pants, DIOR HOMME canvas sneakers, and NIKE cotton socks.   ICOSAE wool jacket with cutouts.   KOCHÉ silk baseball pattern jacket and cotton jeans and BORIS BIDJAN SABERI suede washed boots.  BORIS BIDJAN SABERI wool cut out vest, cotton shirt, and cotton pants and NIKE leather high top AF1.  BALMAIN wool Swarovski-embroidered jacket.  Sneazzy is a rapper of Franco-Moroccan origin based in Paris. He rose to fame as a part of the underground hip-hop scene, eventually joining forces with other rappers from the 14th and 15th arrondissements to form the hip-hop group “1995,” named for a year that marked the golden age of French rap. His solo career has been nothing to sneeze at, and he’s been admired for his complex, heady lines that take inspiration from literature and Moroccan music of old. Photographer: Nicolas WagnerGroomer: Odile JimenezPhotography Assistant: Ivan ‘Dior’ Dion.  The Cadence Issue Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    OPENING CEREMONY coat, J.W.ANDERSON pants, and GUCCI shoes.  GUCCI suit.  BURBERRY shirt and stylist's own necklace.  ETRO shirt.  ROBERTO CAVALLI vest and pants.  LOEWE shirt, JEFFREY RÜDES pants, DIOR belt, and GUCCI shoes.  LOEWE shirt, JEFFREY RÜDES pants, and DIOR belt.  LANVIN shirt, J.W.ANDERSON pants, and GUCCI shoes.  ROBERTO CAVALLI shirt, JIL SANDER pants, GUCCI shoes, and DIOR belt.   J.W. ANDERSON top and pants.  ISSEY MIYAKE shirt and ZEGNA pants.  OPENING CEREMONY coat and J.W.ANDERSON pants.  GUCCI shirt and pants.  Vintage FIORUCCI shirt and GUCCI pants.  Vintage FIORUCCI shirt and GUCCI pants. Photographer: Alexander SaladrigasStylist: Jimi UrquiagaModel: Armando Cabral for WilhelminaGroomer: Homa Safar using M.A.C CosmeticsArt Director: Dfernando ZarembaPhotography Assistant: Casanova CabreraStyling Assistant: Noah Diaz The Cadence Issue Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Left to right: HUGO BOSS suit and stylist’s own glasses. DIOR HOMME jacket. DIOR HOMME shirt.   Left to right: PRADA jacket and pants, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI sandals, CHROME HEARTS earrings, and vintage hat. KENZO jacket, stylist’s own top, TOM FORD shirt, VALENTINO pants, HUGO BOSS shoes, CHROME HEARTS rings and bracelets, and M. COHEN rings. PAUL SMITH suit and shirt, T.U.K. shoes, M. COHEN ring and CHROME HEARTS ring.  Left to right: PRADA jacket and vintage hat. PAUL SMITH jacket and shirt. KENZO jacket and TOM FORD shirt.  HUGO BOSS suit, vintage top, CHROME HEARTS pins and rings, M. COHEN rings, and stylist’s own glasses.  Left to right: SALVATORE FERRAGAMO suit, shirt, and shoes, CHROME HEARTS ring, and M. COHEN ring. ALEXANDER MCQUEEN suit and shirt, LOUIS VUITTON shoes, CHROME HEARTS necklace and rings, and M. COHEN rings. BRUNO MAGLI blazer, ALEXANDER MCQUEEN shirt and pants, LOUIS VUITTON shoes, and CHROME HEARTS rings, bracelets, and pin.  BRUNO MAGLI blazer, ALEXANDER MCQUEEN shirt and pants, and CHROME HEARTS rings, bracelets, and pin.  ALEXANDER MCQUEEN suit and shirt, LOUIS VUITTON shoes, CHROME HEARTS rings, necklace, bracelets, and rings, M. COHEN rings.  Left to right: GUCCI cardigan, shirt, and shoes, VALENTINO pants, CHROME HEARTS pin and rings and M. COHEN ring. GUCCI suit, stylist’s own top, VALENTINO shoes, and CHROME HEARTS pin and rings. GUCCI suit and shoes, TOPMAN hat, CHROME HEARTS pin and rings, and M. COHEN rings.  Left to right: LANVIN suit and shirt, stylist’s own top, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI sandals, CHROME HEARTS necklace and rings, and M. COHEN ring. KENZO short sleeve blazer, TOPMAN shirt, LANVIN t-shirt, FERRAGAMO shoes, VALENTINO bag, CHROME HEARTS ring and M. COHEN rings.        TOM FORD blazer, shirt, and pants, model’s own necklace, and M. COHEN ring.  Left to right: LOUIS VUITTON suit, vintage shirt, model’s own necklace, CHROME HEARTS rings, and M. COHEN rings. LANVIN shirt, stylist’s own top, TOPMAN pants, CHROME HEARTS necklace and bracelets, and M. COHEN rings. LOUIS VUITTON coat, KIT & ACE top, VALENTINO pants, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes, CHROME HEARTS pins and rings, and M. COHEN rings. Photographer: Ian Morrison for Opus RepsStylist: Dani MichelleModels: Maverick McConnell for Wilhelmina, Simon Kotyk for Photogenics Media, and Vas Golohvastov for Ford ModelsGroomer: Loui Ferry for Opus Beauty using R+Co and Chanel Les Beiges. The Cadence Issue Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    LAINA RAUMA swimsuit, VANESSA MOONEY earrings, and talents own rings (worn throughout).  LAINA RAUMA swimsuit, VANESSA MOONEYearrings, and talents own rings (worn throughout).  BUNNY HOLIDAY swimsuit, CHARLOTTE OLYMPIA shoes, THE M JEWELERS necklace, CHANEL bracelet, and THE GLOSS sunglasses.   BUNNY HOLIDAY top, hat, and backpack, LAINA RAUMA swimsuit, and MANOLO BLAHNIK shoes.  BUNNY HOLIDAY top, hat, and backpack, LAINA RAUMA swimsuit, and MANOLO BLAHNIK shoes.  DANIELLE GUIZIO top and JUICY COUTURE sweatpants.  TLZ L’FEMME top and skirt, SUECOMMA BONNIE shoes, and VANESSA MOONEY earrings. Photographer: Brendan ForbesStylist: Jill JacobsHair: Tokyo StylezMakeup: Ariel Tejada The Cadence Issue Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Left to right: Leo wears Vintage jacket. Vickie wears Vintage sweater and ZARA pants.   Left to right: MUJI turtleneck and ANDRÉ shoes. G-STAR RAW sweatshirt, WESC jeans, and VANS sneakers.  Vintage sweater and belt, ZARA pants, and ANDRÉ shoes.  Left to right: Vintage jacket, sweater, and belt, ZARA pants, and VANS sneakers. AMERICAN APPAREL sweater, WESC pants and VANS sneakers.  Left to right: Vintage jacket, sweater, and pants, and ANDRÉ shoes. Vintage jacket, WESC jeans, and VANS sneakers.  Left to right: Vintage jacket, WESC jeans, and Fjällräven backpack. AMERICAN APPAREL t-shirt, ZARA pants (worn throughout), and vintage belt (worn throughout).  Vintage jackets.  Left to right: MONOPRIX jacket. Vintage jacket. L’esprit de l’escalier is a French term that describes the predicament of thinking of the perfect rebuttal too late. French dream pop duo The Pirouettes, despite creating infectious hit “L’escalier” – the video for which shows them dancing in perfect choreographed unity on a space-age cable access show – don’t give the impression of being slow-witted. Originally from Annecy, in the French Alps, band members Victoria and Leo live in Paris where they collect miniature animals. Their third record, Carrément carrément (Definitely, Definitely), came out last fall under their own label Kidderminster. It’s an airy cotton-candy pop contribution that doesn’t arrive too late. Photographed by Louis Canadas The Cadence Issue Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    OFF-WHITE dress.  WANDA NYLON dress.  MARNI dress.  MARNI dress.  BALENCIAGA top, skirt, boots, and belt.  WANDA NYLON coat and dress.  ELLERY top and skirt. A cyclist who has ridden around the globe several times once told me that the hardest part of each journey was getting out of the driveway. Marie-Agnès Gillot might agree. After defeating a double scoliosis diagnosis by dancing in a back brace, Gillot clawed her way through the ranks of the Paris Opéra Ballet to become the principal dancer. Born in the Northwest of France, Gillot took her first lesson at five. By the time she was nine she had moved to the city to enter Paris Opéra Ballet School. Training hard, she entered the Opéra as a dancer when she was 15, and was promoted to “sujet,” or soloist when she was 19. It was another five years until she was granted the title of “Premiere Danseuse” despite having danced all the primary parts for four years. Achieving the highest ranks as a dancer at the Opéra, Gillot then moved to choreography, becoming the first female in-house choreographer to receive a commission there. Evident throughtout Gillot’s career is unstoppable ambition, energy, and creative omnivorism, as is visible in her recent work as a fashion model, fronting campaigns like Céline’s Spring/Summer 2015 campaign photographed by Juergen Teller. Once Gillot gets started, she’s unstoppable. Written by Amy Marie Slocum  Photographed by Fe Pinheiro  Styled by Sonia Bedere The Cadence Issue Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    RICK OWENS leather cropped jacket and leather jumpsuit and talent’s own necklace (worn throughout).  OFF-WHITE cotton short sleeve button down shirt and cotton pants.  COACH leather printed jacket, mesh shirt, and cotton pants.  RAF SIMONS cotton printed long sleeve shirt with photo print.  GUCCI leather jacket and leather track pants andCHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN leather sneakers.  FAITH CONNEXION wool mohair torn sweater andGUCCI leather track pants.  STELLA MCCARTNEY cotton knit poncho with fringes and VALENTINO leather pants.  GIVENCHY cotton printed short sleeve shirt, cotton crop top and wool pants.   COMME DES GARÇONS HOMME PLUS raincoat with cotton sleeves, cotton short sleeve shirt, and wool shorts.  SACAI denim jumpsuit. Rumor has it that Desiigner has broads in Atlanta, and who would doubt it after the 19-year-old’s 2016 debut single “Panda” stormed to the top of the Billboard Hot 100 charts, went four-times platinum, and received a jaw-dropping 225.5 million plays on YouTube?   A protege of Kanye West and signed to his G.O.O.D. imprint, the young rapper fuses trap beats with a Bajan-accented delivery and distinctive HEE-YAH yelps. All this before he can legally frequent a bar but that hasn’t stopped him from raising them. Talent: DesiignerPhotographed by Kevin AmatoPhotography Assistant: Jah Lil SwanPhotographed at EWOW Suite at the W New York, Times Square, NY The Cadence Issue Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Shanghai-based mentor Chris Chang ('87) for Poesia directed students to juxtapose avant-garde silhouettes and embroideries with the humble Indigo textiles from Nantong, China. Photo by Kai He.  Red Carter (’92) with student winner Hanna Dorman.   Photo by Kai He.  Looks from mentor project with Cory Casella for Jessica Simpson. Students designed swimwear collection for women and little girls inspired by music festival culture. Photo by Kai He  Mentor and Otis College alumnae Claire Pettibone with student design winner, William Wang. Photo by Kai He  Opening Performance  Design by Sarah Kim for mentor Claire Pettibone's challenge to create romantic lingerie, using vintage laces and sustainable hemp fabrics. Photo by Kai He.  Design by Otis College junior, Christy Zhao. Mentor Claire Pettibone Photo by Kai He      Cory Casella for Jessica Simpson with student award winner Alice Xuan.   Photo by Kai He  Design by Hanna Dorman.   Photo by Kai He.  Mentor John Murrough for Illia with student design winner, Hanna Dorman. Photo by Kai He  Werewolf looks from mentor project with Marisol Gerona-Bradford ('93) for Universal Monsters. Photo by Kai He  Marisol Gerona-Bradford ('93) from Universal with student winner Jinny Song. Photo by Kai He  Design by Tammy Li.   Photograph by Kai He.  Student design winner, Lillian Xie, with Kendra Bollenbach from the Benefit Committee.     Photo by Kai He.  Mentor Chris Chang ('87) for Poesia with student design winner Magdalena Lee. Photo by Kai He.  Design by Otis Student Tammy Li.   Photo by Kai He  Renowned costume designer, two-time Academy Award-winner, and mentor Albert Wolsky asked students to create a collection of ethereal evening gowns inspired by the enchanted world of fairies. Photo by Kai He  Mentor Albert Wolsky with student design winner Joanna Rubalcaba.     Photo by Kai He.  Interim Fashion Design chair awards student designer of the year to Joanna Rubalcaba.   Photo by Kai He.  The Fashion Design class of 2017 from Otis College of Art and Design.  Daniela Villegas, Mexican jewelry designer based in Los Angeles, received the Creative Vision Award.   Photo by Kai He.  Claudia Cividino, CEO of the Americas for Bally received the Creative Leadership Award.   Photo by Kai He. On Saturday night the Otis College of Art and Design held its 35th annual Scholarship Benefit and Fashion Show at the luxurious Beverly Hilton Hotel. The event started with an energetic cocktail reception and silent auction before a three course dinner and was followed by a beautiful fashion show incorporating a wide variety of styles and talents, each created by the talented students at Otis through collaboration with their seasoned mentors.  One student was awarded the Best Design Award from each individual collection, while student designer Joanna Rubalcaba took home the 2017 Designer of the Year award at the end of the night. It was a testament to Otis's quality as an institution and the talent of their students, as well as the dedication to improvement and support for young voices that both Otis and their alumni exhibit. The money raised from the ticket sales for the event goes toward funding for the promising young artists and designers who would be unable to complete their education without this support.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photograph by Christian Alvarez, courtesy of Otis College of Art and Design  Photograph by Alison Knight, courtesy of Otis College of Art and Design  Otis student Brittney Sabet  Photograph by Christian Alvarez, courtesy of Otis College of Art and Design    Sketch by Brittney Sabet  Sketch by Brittney Sabet  Sketch by Brittney Sabet Ambitious, bold and a little “too couture,” are just a few reasons why 23-year old fashion designer and Otis College student Brittney Sabet received a $5,000 scholarship from the YMA Fashion Scholarship Fund in January of this year. In just a few short days Sabet will be in the spotlight once again as her 1920’s inspired vintage lingerie design will be showcased in the 35th annual Otis scholarship benefit and fashion show. “The theme of this year’s show is metamorphosis,” said celebrity wedding gown designer and Sabet’s mentor for the show, Claire Pettibone. “The project was to use eco friendly laces and fabric turning old world into modern world to create vintage inspired lingerie that would become a treasured heirloom,” she said. “Brittney’s sketch was super dramatic, very Victorian and definitely one of my favorites.” Pettibone is an Otis College alumnus and describes the mentorship program as invaluable. “There is nothing that can replace actual human interaction,” she said. “When you read about someone online, it’s polished and its presented in a certain way but meeting someone in person you get much more sense of the realness of it all.” Pettibone talks about her experience as a mentor as almost revisiting a past life. “I remember how hard being a student was. I mean of course “real life” is hard too but I just always tell my students this is preparing you for the real thing,” she said. “It weeds out the people that are not super passionate and I think it shows in the work.” The entire process from students submitting their sketches, to model fittings, to finally seeing their hard work come to life takes a total of six months and Otis students are usually working on multiple projects at a time. “I’m happy I’m not attending a school where they give you an easy way out,” said Sabet. “Our mentors really keep us disciplined. They create such a space where they encourage us to create and be the best artists we can be.”  Sabets design is only one of over 125-plus fashion designs for men, women and juniors that will be on display at this year’s benefit black-tie gala.  With more than 70 professional models and over 800 guests in attendance the annual Otis College scholarship and benefit show is the largest fashion runway show in all of Los Angeles. “It’s super inspiring to see what these kids have done in a short amount of time,” said Pettibone “I think when people from the industry come see the show they’re always blown away.” Everyone is invited to buy a ticket and attend the event. The money raised is going towards these promising young artists and designers like Sabet would be unable to complete their education without this support. The 35th annual Otis Scholarship Benefit and Fashion Show will be held on May 6 at the Beverly Hilton starting at 6:30pm. Written by Eva Barragan Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    BURBERRY PRORSUM shirt, BIG STAR jeans, MSGM shoes, ZADIG & VOLTAIRE belt, and model’s own socks and necklace.  MCQ jacket, MSGM top, G-STAR RAW jeans, MSGM shoes, and model’s own socks and necklace.  Left to right: COACH dress. GUESS vest, MCQ top.  Left to right: CELINE dress, MSGM shoes, and DIANE VON FURSTENBERG stole. BURBERRY cape, COACH shirt, HUDSON jeans, MSGM shoes, and model’s own socks and necklace.  Left to right: BURBERRY PRORSUM shirt, BIG STAR jeans, MSGM shoes, ZADIG & VOLTAIRE belt, and model’s own socks and necklace. ADEAM dress, TOGA shoes, and BEATRICE VALENZUELA scarf.  MARC JACOBS dress.  Left to right: CELINE dress, MSGM shoes, and DIANE VON FURSTENBERG stole. BURBERRY cape, COACH shirt, HUDSON jeans, MSGM shoes, and model’s own socks and necklace.  Left to right: M MISSONI dress, BEATRICE VALENZUELA scarf, and PROENZA SCHOULER shoes. COACH shirt, N°21 fishnet tank, G-STAR RAW jeans, MSGM shoes, and model’s own necklace.  Left to right: BURBERRY PRORSUM shirt, BIG STAR jeans, MSGM shoes, ZADIG & VOLTAIRE belt, and model’s own socks and necklace. ADEAM dress, TOGA shoes, and BEATRICE VALENZUELA scarf.  MCQ top, VANS shirt, and FRAME jeans.  MCQ jacket, MSGM top, G-STAR RAW jeans, MSGM shoes, and model’s own socks and necklace. VIONNET cape, HEIDI MERRICK dress, and Nº21 shoes. Photographer: Carissa Gallo for Bridges MackinneyStylist: Mar PeidroModels: Salem Mitchell for Ford Models and DajuanHair & Makeup: Hayley Jean Farrington The Cadence Issue Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    CRAIG GREEN jacket, top, pants, and RICK OWENS shoes available at FWRD.com.  COACH jacket, MAISON MARGIELA top, COMMES DES GARCONS HOMME PLUS pants, OFF-WHITE hat, and RAF SIMONS key chain available at FWRD.com.  ALEXANDER MCQUEEN jacket, top, pants, and shoes available at FWRD.com.  STELLA MCCARTNEY jacket, ACNE STUDIOS top, GIVENCHY shorts, and KOLOR X ADIDAS shoes available at FWRD.com.  RICK OWENS jacket, top, pants, and shoes available at FWRD.com.  LOEWE jacket, top, pants, shoes, and key chain available at FWRD.com.  LOEWE jacket, top, pants, shoes, and key chain available at FWRD.com.  MARNI jacket, top, and shorts available at FWRD.com.  LANVIN jacket, top, pants, and shoes available at FWRD.com.  GIVENCHY jacket, top, pants, and belt available at FWRD.com.  THOM BROWNE jacket, top, shoes, shark mask, belt, and MARTINE ROSE pants available at FWRD.com. Photographer: Jon BrownStylist, Creative Director, and Groomer: Paul RizzoModel: David Friend for Ford ModelsStyling Assistant: Sharon KimLocation: The 14th Factory, curated by Simon Birch.  The Cadence Issue         Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    “Body Meets Dress, Dress Meets Body” Spring-Summer 1997 Paolo Roversi Courtesy of the Metropolitan Museum of Art  ‘The Future of the Silhouette” Fall-Winter 2017  “Invisible Clothes” Spring-Summer 2017  “Monsters” Fall-Winter 2014  ‘The Future of the Silhouette” Fall-Winter 2017  “18th Century Punk” Fall-Winter 2016 When Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garçons: Art of the In-Between opens at the Costume Institute at the Metropolitan Museum in New York in the first week of May, this groundbreaking exhibition will be only the second time the Met has curated an exhibition around the oeuvre of a living and working designer. In December 1983, the Met featured a 25 years retrospective of the design of Yves Saint Laurent with 150 outfits from couture to his work for the theaters and in the words of Diana Vreeland who organized the show then about the consensus on the most influential fashion designer in the second half of the 20th century – “half of the time he is inspired by the street and half of the time the street gets its style from YSL.” “I created the wardrobe of the contemporary woman, that I participated in the transformation of my times. For a long time now, I have believed that fashion was not only supposed to make women beautiful, but to reassure them, to give them confidence, to allow them to come to terms with themselves,” said Saint Laurent in January 2002 in announcing his retirement and the closure of his haute couture house.  By transformation of his times, the designer meant he had deployed the power of clothes – putting women in pantsuits, in ‘le smoking’ and sportswear safari jackets and pea-coats – to not only changed the way women dress but also breakdown the social economic hierarchy dominated by a rigid patriarchal system.  Rei Kawakubo’s work since founding Comme des Garçons in 1969 has shook the core fashion system and more recently has altered our view of what fashion is. Her story is now the stuff of legend – she started out working in the advertising department of a fabric company then went as a freelance stylist who began to make clothes because she could not find that she liked, an enterprise that eventually formalized into the main women's collection at Comme des Garçons in 1973.  Showing in Paris for the first time in 1981 with a collection consisting entirely of black asymmetrical and deconstructed clothes rendered in distressed fabrics, Kawakubo’s early work immediately challenged the ’80s high octane glamour and power dressing statements coming from the then style arbiters like Versace, Montana, and Thierry Mugler and reinforced by the ubiquitous images of the ‘Dynasty’ women on television. ‘Destroy’ - the fall 1982 collection where models stomped down the runway to loud beating drums wearing ragged clothes like an oversized sweater with holes in industrial fabrics like boiled wool – was the watershed moment that established Kawakubo as a designer who would go on to challenge the accepted ideas of beauty and to reengineer the conventions governing the constructions of clothes that often defies any adherence to logic and rationality.  Rei Kawakubo disrupted the fashion system with her stated singular vision and mission to constantly seeking to create something new and something that has not been done before by going against the grain of prevailing aesthetics norms. It is a sure testament of an artist or a designer's power that years after a particular work, or in this case a collection, had been shown, there are still vivid memories of many of the collections that broke new ground in our understanding of fashion.  Most memorable were the "Dress Meets Body, Body Meets Dress" spring 1997 show of gingham stretch dresses adorned with irregular paddings stuffed underneath and around different sections of the body to look like giant bumps that satirized their older versions of corsets and crinolines that exoticized the woman’s body parts; the ‘Transcending Gender’ spring 1995 collection that erased the gender boundary of garments (my first CDG show) and "The Infinity of Tailoring" fall 2013 and "Persona" fall 2006 collections both expanded the tailored suiting into new dimensions; the "Broken Bride" fall 2005 collection of passementerie trim romantic dress that looked more disheveled than polished – perhaps reflecting the fragility of the modern woman; the "Ballerina Motorbike" spring 2005 collection of rigid bikers and black sheer tutus; and certainly the earth-shaking fall 2012 "The future in two dimensions" collection of colorful flat clothes made mostly in heavy wool felt. I remember that remarkable spring 1998 show staged at the Conciergerie in a joint venture by showing back to back with Martin Margiela to foster the spirit of independent creativity.  As a business entrepreneur, Kawakubo established a creative ecosystem from within by organically developing and sponsoring talents within the company and grow them into their own brands like Junya Watanabe, Kei Ninomiya, Funito Ganryu, and just recently Gosha Rubchinskiy to others alumni like Junichi Abe of Kolor and Chitose Abe of Sacai. In 2004, Dover Street Market opened in London as the first flagship store carrying all the CDG brands as well as nurturing new fashion talents by selling their products at the multi-label emporium.  What’s most remarkable about any of the CDG shows – especially those staged in the last four years – is how the each person can individually interpret them freely. Kawakubo prefers to let her work speak for itself and be interpreted in any way possible. The meaning depends on subjective judgement rather than any predisposed meanings. For example, while many view the "White Drama" spring 2012 show as a celebration of the lavishness of haute couture for wedding – with long pant sleeves jacket embellished with white roses over white lace knee length dress or off-white large satin lace coat with silver floral hand pockets – I saw the show as a funeral service illustrating perhaps the subjugation of women because the color white is the color for mourning in Asia not for matrimony. Since the "No More Clothes" spring 2014 show, Kawakubo has completely moved on from using the show format to present actual clothes and opted for conceptual approach that culminate in "The Future of the Silhouette" fall 2017 show last March where models cross a pink triangular runway platform inside the concert hall Elysée Montmartre wearing unusual shapes such as an asymmetrical white bubble dress with no sleeves made from plaster. In a morning talk about the CDG show at the Met at a preview in Paris in March, Andrew Bolton, the Costume Institute curator, outlined the eight recurring aesthetics that have shaped Kawakubo’s work over the decades as “expressions of ‘in-betweenness in Rei’s collections:  fashion/antifashion; design/not design; model/multiple; then/now; high/low; self/other; object/subject; and clothes/not clothes. In her work, Rei breaks down the false walls between these dualisms, exposing their artificiality and arbitrariness. As her fashion demonstrates, in-between spaces are sites not only of meaningful connection and coexistence but also of revolutionary innovation and transformation, providing Rei with endless possibilities for creation and re-creation.”  The Met exhibition is in collaboration with CDG and features 150 garments from the early ’80s to fall 2017 and is organized around these eight themes of aesthetic interstitially with heads and wigs created by Julien d’Ys. The final portion of the exhibition, the "clothes/no clothes" section, focuses primarily on the last eight women collections where Kawakubo’s anchor for newness separates these garments – yes they should be called garments, as they wore worn, thus wearable, by models – from any of her previous work into purely conceptual garments rather than anything utilitarian or functional. Written by Long NguyenImages courtesy Long Nguyen and the Metropolitan Museum of Art Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   At Flaunt we observe denim everyday, but today we stand with our friends at Guess and elsewhere in saying that there is no excuse for violence towards women.  For the past 18 years, Peace Over Violence has run its Denim Day campaign on a Wednesday in April in honor of Sexual Violence Awareness Month. The campaign was originally triggered by a ruling by the Italian Supreme Court where a rape conviction was overturned because the justices felt that since the victim was wearing tight jeans she must have helped her rapist remove her jeans, thereby implying consent. The following day, the women in the Italian Parliament came to work wearing jeans in solidarity with the victim. Peace Over Violence developed the Denim Day campaign in response to this case and the activism surrounding it. So, slip on your favorite pair of jeans today and check out our interview with denim firebrand Guess Founder Paul Marciano, and stand with us.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                     We joined Suki Waterhouse and Poppy Jamie for the Launch of their second Pop & Suki Collection last week at Sunset Tower Hotel. The pastels were pink and the pool was turquoise for the special event celebrating their line of camera bags and accessories. Kodak joined the fun by screening a film that showcases the dynamic duo shot with one of their new 8mm cameras.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    DIOR Fall 2017 Collection  DOR Fall 2017 Collection  DIOR Fall 2017 Collection  DIOR Fall 2017 Collection  DIOR Fall 2017 Collection  DIOR Fall 2017 Collection  DIOR Fall 2017 Collection  DIOR Fall 2017 Collection For the first time in Dior history the prestigious designer name will be presenting their Fall pre-collection as a full fledged fashion show in Tokyo, Japan on April 19th. The 2017 Fall collection contains three capsules including New Wave, Black Carpet and Dior Scream.  Dior Scream is presented as Kris Van Assche’s homage to Dior’s 70th anniversary this year and is based around a signature red color in Mr. Dior’s first Dior Couture collection that he called Rouge Scream. Dior will be hosting not one, but two viewings of the their Fall 2017 collection. The second viewing of the SS 17-18 show is being held at the Dior House of Couture on the exact same day as the Tokyo fashion show and will contain an unrevealed capsule collection available exclusively in Japan for purchase at a brand new boutique in Tokyo's Ginza District. With the release and the new boutique, Dior proves once again that they are not content to rest on their laurels, but continue to be a forward-thinking and constantly evolving presence in the fashion world. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                   A brighter constellation of stars and scions is seldom seen assembled in one setting. Some of L.A.'s biggest names--Rosetta Getty, Eric Buterbaugh, Gia Coppola, Jacqui Getty, Irena Medavoy, Jennifer Meyer, Brigette Romanek and Kelly Sawyer--consolidated their cache to celebrate the launch of London Uprising: Fifty Fashion Designers, One City, a broad documentation of the rich creative community of the London fashion world edited by Tania Fares, "a passionate supporter of the London fashion industry" and co-founder of the non-profit BFC Fashion Trust. The celebration took place within the intimate confines of Rosetta Getty's private abode which was lavishly enlivened for the event by floral arrangements designed by Eric Buterbaugh. Guests mingled among spirits and bites by Jon & Vinny's and explored the new book. Notable attendees included Rowan Blanchard, Toni Garrn, Jennifer Stallone, Mario Testino, Crystal Lourd, Kimberly Muller, Naomi Nelson, and Natalie Joos. LA-based designers were also in attendance including Ambre Dahan, Gela Nash Taylor, Erin Fetherston, Justin Kern and Stephanie Danan of Co., Lisa Marie Fernandez, Pamela Skaist-Levy, Rachel Roy, and Rebecca de Ravenel. Check out our gallery for shots of the glamorous evening. About the book:London Uprising: Fifty Fashion Designers, One City takes readers on an exclusive behind-the-scenes tour into the studios of fifty leadings designers, from Stella McCartney to Simone Rocha, J.W. Anderson to Paul Smith, to uncover a creative hub that has grown up, flourished, and matured in the past fifteen years.  The featured designers open up about their practices and philosophies and share a wealth of material from their private collections.  With a compelling introduction by fashion journalist Sarah Mower that contextualizes the featured designers within the international fashion landscape—both in terms of creativity and commerce—and edited by BFC Fashion Trust cofounder and Vogue contributor Tania Fares, London Uprising is a documentary of the workplaces and stories of a multigenerational, multinational fashion community. About Tania Fares:Tania Fares is a passionate supporter of the London fashion industry and co-founded and co-chairs the BFC Fashion Trust since 2011.  This not-for-profit organization is an interdisciplinary hub that connects more than 145 community members from business, finance and the arts, who gain access to studio tours and talks by leading fashion figures. It also mentors and supports talented young designers. Fares is also a British Vogue contributing editor, member on the advisory board of Sotheby's, and member on the advisory board of the British Fashion Council.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017        Photographed by Eddie ChaconStyled by Greg ArmasModel: Aoife RossoAll clothes by Assembly Los Angeles   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    "Art is the imitation of life. Creating is the most liberating way we can release our stresses and embrace pure expression."–Danielle Campbell LA PERLA slip dress and CHOPARD earrings.  PORTS 1961 coat, WOLFORD tights, CHOPARD earrings, and SERGIO ROSSI shoes.  "My only goal as an artist is to make people 'feel.' Whether it be anger, sadness, love, frustration; no matter the emotion, It’s incredibly important to me that I create characters that provoke a human reaction from the story in which I am telling."–Danielle Campbell PORTS 1961 coat and CHOPARD earrings.  LA PERLA slip dress, SERGIO ROSSI shoes, and CHOPARD earrings.  "Fashion helps me to create a vulnerability that allows me to express my identity."–Danielle Campbell LA PERLA slip dress, SERGIO ROSSI shoes, and CHOPARD earrings.  LA PERLA slip dress, SERGIO ROSSI shoes, and CHOPARD earrings. Photographer: Harol BaezStylist: Apuje KaluHair: Brittany GharringMakeup: Megan LanouxLocation: The Marmara Park Avenue Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    CHANEL vest and culotte and KENZO sweater.  CELINÉ dress and GIVENCHY shoes.  CELINÉ dress and GIVENCHY shoes.  CAROLINE KUMMELSTEDT sweater, ERIKA CAVALLINI dress and MARNI X REEBOK sneakers.  BLUGIRL top.  BLUGIRL top, SANSOVINO 6 pants and MARNI X REEBOK shoes.  KIOMI bomber, LEVIS jacket, CAROLINE KUMMELSTEDT pants, STRATEGIA shoes and ERIKA CAVALLINI necklace.   DOLCE & GABBANA dress, MSGM dress and shoes.  MSGM dress.  GIVENCHY jacket, top and pants, KENZO shoes and ROSANTICA necklace.  GENERAL IDEA sweater and DITA GRANDMASTER FIVE sunglasses. Photographer: Lorenzo MarcucciStylist: Leonardo PersicoModels: Luisa Bianchin and Jia Chenyu for Monster Agency, Milan and Jacolijn for Fashion Model Management, MilanHair: Antonello Rossello for GlowartistsMakeup: Grazia Riverditi for Glowartists using Urban DecayPhotography Assistant: Francesco AnglaniStyling Assistant: Vittoria Rossi Provesi Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                  Spring is here. Flowers emerge from the ground spreading a riot of color over our California hills. Our parks fill with sun-worshippers itching for some Vitamin D. The road, free of snow, promising verdant vistas and top-down cruising weather, uncoils in our minds, beckoning us. For the fashion-savvy, it is a time of loose fabrics, exposed shoulders, and showing some skin. AllSaints has taken a creative approach to celebrating these rites of the season and the launch of its Spring women’s and menswear collections with Road Trip, a nostalgia-drenched fashion film set in southern Florida and filmed with a Super-8 camera. AllSaints creative director Wil Beedle shares his inspiration behind the project: “Rather than shooting the collection piece-by-piece in the confines of a city studio, we hired a truck and went out onto the road for a few days, capturing the collection in the setting and spirit in which it was initially conceived. The video footage and still images we shot are the documentation of the moment and the mood, and evoke the feeling of a scrapbook. Spontaneity, restlessness, endless possibilities – if only for a weekend.” The creative project features items from the Spring collection including the Lemon Balfern Biker, Amy Skies Bomber, Base Bomber, Deirdre Ruffle Shirt and Ione Strip Tee, all available at us.allsaints.com.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   As much as we love it, fashion can be tough on our planet. Dyes, plastics, bleaches, waste – it adds up, and it's becoming clear that changes have to be made. H&M are doing their part to set the trends for a more sustainable (yet still fabulous) future with their new "Conscious Exclusive" collection, an "elevated assortment created using sustainable materials and fabrics".  To celebrate the launch of the collection, H&M creative advisor Ann-Sofie Johansson hosted an exclusive dinner in Los Angeles. Attendees included the face of the campaign, Natalia Vodianova, and luminaries from a variety of creative backgrounds, joined together in support of a future rooted in sustainability.  Notable attendees were too many to count, but among them the likes of Chrissy Tiegen, Orlando Bloom, Kate Mara, Ahna O'Reilly, Angela Lindvall, Rowan Blanchard, Hailey Baldwin, Kiersey Clemons, Sasha Lane, Lucky Blue Smith and Stormi Bree could be spotted. The intimate evening was held at the uber eco-friendly SmogShoppe. Entering guests were greeted by an art installation featuring the centerpiece of the H&M Conscious Exclusive collection: an "ethereal plissé pleated gown featuring BIONIC®, a polyester made from recycled shoreline plastic". After mingling amidst cocktails, the guests took their seats to enjoy a farm-to-table meal by chef Suzanne Goin of L.A. staple Lucques, which was delightfully paired with ethically-sourced speaker-to-ear tunes spun by DJ Nikki Pennie. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    HERMÈS Metis goatskin blouson, crepe cotton tank, and fancy weave cotton narrow pants.  HERMÈS Metis goatskin tie-dye jacket.  HERMÈS baobab linen and cotton two button suit, silex crepe cotton zipped polo, and Evercolor Calfskin Haut à Courroies bag in string camp canvas.  HERMÈS silex cotton belted jumpsuit with lambskin pockets and model’s own shoes.  HERMÈS crackled poplin belted jumpsuit, silk scarf and HERMÈS silex cotton belted jumpsuit with lambskin pockets and model’s own shoes. Cape Cod TGM stainless steel leather bracelet watch.  HERMÈS lambskin cardigan, linen and cashmere pullover, glove lambskin narrow pants with saddle topstitching, and model’s own socks and shoes.   HERMÈS crackled poplin belted jumpsuit, silk scarf and HERMÈS silex cotton belted jumpsuit with lambskin pockets and model’s own shoes.  Véronique Nichanian photographed in Paris, January 2017. Ascending the four flights of curved, time-worn, wooden steps to Véronique Nichanian’s immaculate office, one transcends almost two hundred years of history in the three building complex that houses Hermès international headquarters and the Émile Hermès Private Collection. Through a narrow hallway next to her office lies the original saddlery workshop that has produced some of the finest saddles, harnesses, and bridles for the carriage trade since the store moved here in 1880, some years after Hermès launched in 1837. That meticulous attention to detail and craftsmanship is the hallmark expression that has now diffused into tableware, glasswear, silk scarves, watches, leather goods, ready-to-wear, and of course, menswear.  Nichanian became the creative director for menswear in 1988, after a lunch on the terrace above her current office with the then chairman Jean-Louis Dumas. She had previously spent twelve years managing and creating the men’s collection at Cerruti under its founder Nino Cerruti after studying women’s couture at the École de la Chambre Syndicale de la Couture Parisienne, a technical and design school based in Paris. “Men’s fashion has changed a great deal.” Nichanian tells me. “Now there are a lot more interesting propositions for men and many designers proposing different approaches. There are also very different identities that permit men to express more of their personalities.” Under Nichanian, menswear has grown upon a few essential elements – a combination of the best materials, the best craftsmanship, extreme attention to detail, and a constant fine-tuning and subtle variation in silhouette from season to season. “I have not really changed my way of working in all these years even if I’m sensitive to the deep changes of the world.” Nichanian explains, “My work is to offer clothes to different kinds of men. Today there isn’t just one type of Hermès man but there are many Hermès men – because I address men of different ages, different professions, different physiques and different lifestyles.” Nichanian sees Hermès diverging from other fashion ateliers in simple but telling ways: “My point of departure for each collection is always the same – a research into colors first, to establish a range of colors for the collection. After I work on the fabrics as all the fabrics are exclusive to the collection. Then I work on the forms, the lines and the silhouettes.” Double-breasted jackets with lifted seams, two buttoned unlined jackets with topstitched details, narrow trousers with double side – strip, blousons with ribbing and gusset pockets, and even perforated and embroidered sweaters are some of the resulting products from recent seasons. “The beauty of each garment is the perfection that is inherent in each piece – from fabrics to cuts to the finishing details,” Nichanian explains. “A while back I made a leather coat with an inside that was more luxurious and soft than the outside. I also made a lot of reversible clothing because both sides have to be perfect and also because one garment can have two two different lives. I like that clothing can follow how a person lives.” Anchored by black pins on the walls of Nichanian’s office are pictures of her posing with many of the artists she has collaborated with over the years – the Dutch illustrator Jordy Van Den Nieuwendijk, the Austrian sculpture artist Erwin Wurm, or the Argentinian conceptual artist Leandro Erlich.  Below these souvenir photos are original colorful illustrations by Damien Florébert Cuypers of scenes from backstage of one of the men’s fashion shows – one depicting a drawing of Nichanian in a black outfit in front of the line up board covering her face with a show order sheet.  “The artists that I work with are the ones whose work I know very well and admire,” she tells me. “When I start to collaborate on a project, it is like an encounter because it is never a mercantile project. We do not ever ask the artists to make products with us. Each of us brings our point of view so it is more organic and more creative because there are no impositions.” In 2013 Leandro Erlich transformed the Moore building in the Design District into multi-level installations that included a specially built elevator with doors that opened and closed to reveal different models showcasing the fall clothes in the collaboration A Man’s World. The purpose is to enhance the Hermès experience rather than create products to be sold to consumers. I have been to many Hermès men’s shows over the years and I have always noticed how diverse the casting of the shows has been, long before runway diversity became a subject of discussion and now of activism. “I don’t like standardization so for many years I have always casted my shows with different kinds of guys because that is reflective of the world,” Nichanian explains. “It’s really about the personality of the models that do our shows. That’s the richness of life as well – the charms of other people who all share something together.” Having done 57 collections, I wondered if she had any favorites. “Yes there are collections that I love more than others because of certain difficulties or certain pleasures in making them but there aren’t any collections that I don’t like.” Written by Long NguyenPhotographer: Nicolas WagnerStylist: Long NguyenModels: Yassine R. for Metropolitan Models, Paris, Djiby Sy for Re:Quest Model Management, Paris, and Fabio Tavares and Dalibor Urosevic for MP ParisGroomer: Odile Jimenez The Girlfriends Issue Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Courtesy For Those Who Sin  Courtesy For Those Who Sin  Courtesy For Those Who Sin Based in Los Angeles, For Those Who Sin has developed a cult following for their confrontational designs that often reference themes of revolution, death, and the transience of life, calling us to make the most out of the time we're given. The clothes don't attempt to hide the designer's hand. Wisps of thread, hand painted designs, and carefully distressed details add up to give a sense of a life lived hard and well, not in the glitz and glamor of high society but in the grit and grime of the underground. We spoke to owner/designer Alex Miller to find out more about the up-and-coming brand: When did you start For Those Who Sin?I started the brand about two years ago, but it was a completely different concept. As of two months ago, I completely switched everything and reinvented the brand and that’s when I linked up with Luis and John from Lush Network. The items in your collection share a darkness that is edgy yet playful. What are your inspirations for the designs that you create?I would say the edginess and darkness almost comes from an alter ego of mine. Many people have this misconception about me that I worship the devil or something. I get all kinds of different stuff, but those who know me well know that I’m a fun and energetic person. But, it really comes from an alter ego of mine that comes from my love of poetry, films, plays, and such. It also comes from underground scenes that I’m into. I’m just not a hypebeast person. I know that’s really popular right now, but that’s not who I am. I really find my inspiration in the underground scene through all the grit and dirt. When you’re brainstorming ideas for new items, what is your creative process?The creative process is always really different. I guess having the inspiration come and go and keeping track of it all and making notes. A lot of the stuff I will think of when I’m in the shower or when I’m sleeping so I keep a notebook close by and I’m always writing ideas down. Later on I go and sort through and say okay I’m going to you use this, I don’t want to use that. As far as creative process, almost everything is illustrated, so I start with an illustration from anything, whether it’s something I want to do for a pop up store or a t-shirt design, everything always starts with an illustration because for me it’s about getting my ideas on paper and refining those into final products. Justine Skye wearing For Those Who Sin T-shirt in a shoot for Flaunt's "Call Your Girlfriend Issue" Do you have a favorite quote or mantra that embodies For Those Who Sin? If so, What?I guess one that I use a lot would be, “skin withers, and bone turns brittle.” It comes from a song by a guy named Sturgill Simpson. It’s ironic because he’s actually a country music singer, but it’s someone that I listen to a lot and he’s one of the only country music singers that I listen to. He sings about very spiritual and in depth stuff that most country singers don’t touch on and that line is a quote I pulled as inspiration. Basically it talks about not being a cliché, and living life to the fullest. We only have this small period of time and we have to do things in life that are meaningful as individuals. What does this quote – “skin withers, and bone turns brittle” – mean to you?I was working a 9 to 5 job, sitting on my ass doing design work and I just knew it wasn’t what I was supposed to be doing. I quit the job and left that next day. I packed up all my stuff and went to Nashville where my sister was living, stayed there for 5 days, then got a flight to LA for a job interview where I ended up getting the job. I just decided, okay I’m going to live here now. I started meeting people and created this opportunity for me to grow into the role I was trying to do. I always reflect and look back and think I’m so glad I did that because this is what I should be doing and the path I should be following rather than going to school and getting an education, getting a job, getting a girlfriend, getting married… that just wouldn’t fulfill me. I don’t think it fulfills a lot of people, but a lot of people continue to do it and I think they’re miserable even though they may not show it. If that’s your thing and you’re happy, then great, but I don’t think a lot of people are happy. Many of your leather and denim jackets include hand-painted designs. How much time and effort do you put into each one?A lot of time and a lot of effort. Each piece is handpicked. I’ve been into vintage for years. I have connections out here for large vintage warehouses and special vintage places that I go pull things from. From there the details are put on, or taken off, they are either reconstructed or deconstructed. Then the paintings go on them… right now we are doing a lot of pieces where we’re taking vintage leathers and completely redoing all the hardware on them, so all the zippers and all the buttons and then updating them. It can take anywhere from a day to a month, it really just depending on which piece it is. I’m always working a bunch of different ones, and at certain times I pick them up, I put them down, there is really no time frame on them, when I feel like they’re done, I put it away. What rules, culture, or structure exists in this workplace to create collaboration and a creative environment?I would say culture wise that I think that everyone [at Lush Network] is busy. Everyone is doing something. Since I was young, I have always surrounded myself with people who are trying to better themselves and do better things and just do cool shit. I have lost a lot of friends over the years because I am not who I was when I was 16, and I have people who are doing the same shit that they were doing when we were 16 years old. I am always trying to find new people to surround myself with, that are doing cooler things than me, doing better things than me and are more successful than me, and I would say that’s the culture here. Everybody is kind of on that path too. We’re all creating shit and doing cool stuff as opposed to just doing normal shit every day. Tell me about an item or project you have completed that has made you most proud of your brand?I guess the start of it. Some of the first pieces I ever did I am still the most proud of just because of the excitement of the rebranding. I got really good reactions out of some of the stuff that I started doing. For some of the first pieces, I didn’t quite know where I was going with it, but then I was showing some things to people and got great reactions and it felt right and I was thinking, this is the right direction I want to go in and people are taking to this, let's see where we can take this. I would say that up to this point that is what I have been most happy about...that re-branding change. What other plans do you have for your brand going forward?There is a lot going on right now, we [Alex and Lush Network] just did a run of some new buyers. We were just in Paris, New York and then Vegas. We are in production for a lot of new pieces, it’s kind of a capsule right now that I am working on and then we will be sampling for a whole new collection for 2018. So just really growing. I do not want to be one of those brands that takes off and skyrockets and then just kind of fades off, basically like a flash in the pan. I am not really that person and I do not want to be that brand, I’d rather have a slow gradual increase and keep growing as opposed to just up and you never hear about it again. So that’s where it’s headed...taking it one day at the time, one piece at the time. What is the biggest sin you have ever committed?[laughs] that’s a deep question. I could not tell you… I don’t think that I have one and I’m going to leave it at that. I’m an angel and have not committed any sins… Interview by Morgan Vickery Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Photographer: Easton Schirra for Studio64Stylist: Matthew HensleyModels: Martine Fox for Vision LA, Carson Lewallen for Ford Models, and Courtney Money and Mia Stass for Photogenics Media.Hair: Nikki Rae Fox & Eddie CookMakeup: Travisean HaynesMakeup Assistant: Nicole WittmanPhotography Assistant: Lindsay Clark for Studio64Location: Base Coat Nail Salon, LA The Girlfriends Issue Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    DIOR leather biker jumpsuit.  LANVIN silk feathers vest, silk chiffon tank, and silk satin metal bouclé pleated skirt.  HAIDER ACKERMANN cotton coat with hand splashed paint, cotton shirt, and wool pants.  CÉLINE silk nylon dress with attached poncho.  VALENTINO silk dress with opened chiffon panels and PIERRE HARDY alchimia leather bracelet platform heels.  DRIES VAN NOTEN cotton floral print coat, silk cotton fishnet knit sweater, and wool short pants.  ALAÏA stretch silk with floral embroidery and leather sandals.  GIVENCHY silk nylon print short dress.  CHANEL silk and cotton-interwoven stripes skirt suit with Velcro closures and silk blouse. Photographer: Thierry Le GouèsModel: Léa Peillard for Elite, ParisHair: Mathieu Guignaudeau for Marie-France Thavonekhem, ParisMakeup: Tatsu for Marie France Thavonekham, ParisLocation: Studio Zéro, Paris The Girlfriends Issue Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Left to right: MIU MIU dress, MAX MARA shoes, and DAVID YURMAN Necklace.  PRADA top, BULGARI necklace, and MAGDALENA FRĄCKOWIAK earrings.  Left to right: PRADA top, CEDRIC CHARLIER pants, and JIL SANDER shoes.  MIU MIU dress.  Left to right: ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA jacket and CÉLINE jacket.  SIMONE ROCHA coat and MAGDALENA FRĄCKOWIAK earrings.  CÉLINE jacket, CHANEL shirt, MICHAEL KORS belts, and MAGDALENA FRĄCKOWIAK earrings.  Left to right: DELPOZO dress, BULGARI necklace, and JENNIFER MEYER earrings.    Stylist’s own vintage t-shirt and DAVID YURMAN necklace.  VALENTINO top and pants and SANTAYANA necklace.  PRADA top and pants, DOLCE & GABBANA bra, SANTAYANA necklace, and MAGDALENA FRĄCKOWIAK earrings.  J.W. ANDERSON dress and ZOE CHICCO earrings.  Left to right: DOLCE & GABBANA dress, AGNONA belt, and MAGDALENA FRĄCKOWIAK earrings. FENDI dress, MICHAEL KORS belt, and HENRI BENDEL earrings.  ISSEY MIYAKE top and pants and DAVID YURMAN necklace. ISSEY MIYAKE top and pants and JASON OF BEVERLY HILLS necklace.  Left to right: SIMONE ROCHA coat and dress and ZOE CHICCO earrings.  GUCCI jacket, DIOR shirt, HUGO BOSS pants, and JASON OF BEVERLY HILLS necklace. CÉLINE jacket, CHANEL top, MICHAEL KORS belt, and MAGDALENA FRĄCKOWIAK earrings.  ERMENEGILDO ZENGA jacket and top, ETRO pants, and DAVID YURMAN gold necklace.   Left to right: GUCCI shirt, SEAN JOHN pants, and SANTAYANA necklace. DOLCE & GABBANA dress, AGNONA belt, and MAGDALENA FRĄCKOWIAK earrings. ISSEY MIYAKE top and pants and DAVID YURMAN necklace. FENDI dress, MICHAEL KORS belt, and HENRI BENDEL earrings.  CHANEL bag (on the table).   CÉLINE jacket, CHANEL top, MICHAEL KORS belt, and MAGDALENA FRĄCKOWIAK earrings.     Left to right: SPORTMAX coat and MAGDALENA FRĄCKOWIAK earrings.  SIMONE ROCHA coat and ZOE CHICCO earrings.  Left to right: SIMONE ROCHA coat and JIL SANDER shoes.  SPORTMAX coat and JIL SANDER shoes.   Left to right: SIMONE ROCHA coat and ZOE CHICCO earring. CÉLINE coat and MAGDALENA FRĄCKOWIAK earrings.  SPORTMAX coat.  GUCCI jacket and HUGO BOSS pants.   Left to right: CÉLINE coat and MICHAEL KORS belt. BOTTEGA VENETA jacket.  SPORTMAX coat. SIMONE ROCHA coat.  Left to right: DIOR HOMME top, GUCCI pants, and JASON OF BEVERLY HILLS necklace.  FENDI shirt and VERSACE pants.  ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA shirt, MARNI pants, TOPMAN belt, and DAVID YURMAN necklace.  Left to right: VERSACE pants and GUCCI shoes. GUCCI pants and shoes. JONATHAN SIMKHAI dress and JIL SANDER shoes. ZIMMERMAN dress and JIL SANDER shoes.   Left to right:  MARNI pants.  FENDI shirt and VERSACE pants.  DIOR top and GUCCI pants.  ZIMMERMAN dress. JONATHAN SIMKHAI dress.  Left to right:  ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA shirt.  FENDI top and VERSACE pants.  DIOR top.  ZIMMERMAN dress, DOLCE & GABBANA lingerie, and SANTAYANA necklace.  JONATHAN SIMKHAI dress.  Left to right: TOPSHOP UNIQUE dress.  NICOLE MILLER dress, SANTAYANA necklace, and NATALIE B gold earrings.  Left to right: DIOR top and GUCCI pants.  ZIMMERMAN dress, DOLCE & GABBANA lingerie, and SANTAYANA necklace.  HERMES top and pants and FORWARD BY ELYSE WALKER earrings.  Left to right: HERMÈS top, MARNI pants, TOPMAN belt, JASON OF BEVERLY HILLS necklace. PROENZA SCHOULER dress and FORWARD BY ELYSE WALKER earrings.  HERMES top, MARNI pants, TOPMAN belt, JASON OF BEVERLY HILLS necklace.  ALBERTA FERRETTI skirt and BULGARI necklace. Photographer: Nick HudsonStylist: Jimi UrquiagaModels: Austria and Laura Hanson Sims for The Society Management, Miriam Haney for Muse Management, Laurie Harding for Soul Artist Management, Marcel Pawlas for Fusion Models, and Joel Wolfe for Heroes NYHair: Tetsuya Yamakata using OribeMakeup: Ingeborg using Hourglass Cosmetics and Avenue Skin CareStyling Assistant: Noah Diaz The Girlfriends Issue Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    DIOR FINE JEWELRY “Majestueuse” opal necklace in black opal, white gold, and diamonds.  VIKTOR & ROLF COUTURE Collage of different fragments of reconstructed vintage silk and velvet dress with tulle shoulder. CHANEL FINE JEWELRY “Brins de Diamants” 18k white gold necklace and ring with fancy, brilliant, and pear cut diamonds.  DIOR HAUTE COUTURE dégradé tulle layered dress with silk roses and morning glory herbal embroidery and leather slipper sandals.  ATELIER VERSACE metal chain short dress and suede sandals. CHANEL FINE JEWELRY “Premières Brins” 18k white gold bracelet with brilliant cut diamonds.  GIORGIO ARMANI PRIVÉ feather boa, silk lace tank, and crystal embroidered skirt.  ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER silk puff-sleeve jacket with train, denim shorts with crystal waistband, and crystal strap sandals.  VALENTINO HAUTE COUTURE ciré double silk satin dressbraided on the back with sheer tulle overlay shirt, sandles, and CHANEL FINE JEWELRY ‘Ruban’ 18k white gold necklace set with baguette and brilliant cut diamonds.  CHANEL HAUTE COUTURE stones and strass embroidered organza bustier dress with boule tulle organza, marabou feathers, topstitch leather belt, ankle pearl bracelet and leather pumps.  IRIS VAN HERPEN expandable laser-cut Mylar dress over silk long dress and leather heels.  GIAMBATTISTA VALLI HAUTE COUTURE lace blouse with cape and organza skirt with marabou feathers.  MAISON MARGIELA ARTISANAL BY JOHN GALLIANO wool felt jacket with shoulder cut-out, wool herringbone shorts and thigh high leather boots.  GAULTIER PARIS leather dress with hand-cut patterns and brass necklace and bracelet. “Essence and truth nestles in dreams, where time does not exist and reality is the result of imagination. Haute Couture lives of imagination as well, distinguishing itself from attentions and rituals that place themselves out of time” mused the printed notes inside a white booklet on the off-white canvas chairs at the Valentino Haute Couture show on the upper floor of the Salomon de Rothschild Hôtel Particulier. In this season of high expectations with the début of Maria Grazia Chiuri at Dior and Pierpaolo Piccioli going solo at Valentino, dreams and imaginations are the very essence of this art of extreme handicraft, perhaps ushering a renaissance for haute couture. Where a Chanel strapless dress required at least 200 hours by embroidery specialists at Montex, and combined over 3,000 elements of thread, silver stones, strass, and ribbons, and over 700 hours of work with marabou and ostrich feathers at Lemarié. If that dress – a strapless sparkling corset top with feathered skirt known as number 55 in the lineup – can’t conjure reveries and imagination, what in fashion can? In the middle of the sumptuous Musée Rodin gardens, Dior stirred the dream potion within the large reflective tent where guests circumnavigated a maze of greenery, often running into stilt walkers in grey suits before entering a complex garden labyrinth complete with divergent paths, circle benches, and a giant magical tree with wish notes, poems, ornaments, and personal souvenir items like stars and moons. The air was moist with the scent of fresh ferns covering the walkways. Grazia Chiuri entered the mystery of this secret garden of Dior DNA, to write a new chapter for the atelier based on the house lexicons but translated into a current vocabulary for the millennial generation. That meant the famous 1947 rigid signature A-line Bar silhouette is now transformed into black tight jacket with loose skirt, as a hooded black jacket or as a cape with long skirt. Models wore different transparent face coverings evoking a masked ball from the distant past. Layered, pleated, tulle-covered, embroidered 3D flowers found their way on to spaghetti strap evening dresses, alongside flowers so vivid it was as if they came directly from the maze garden. “In the labyrinth we will find the right way,” wrote the Belgian poet Henri Michaux, quoted in the show notes, but it was not clear from this début where the future lays. How much of the Dior legacy to carry forward each season remains the central question for Grazia Chiuri, just like deciding on the proper turning within this maze. Certainly customers can find plenty of clothes to order, especially the ‘daywear’ reinterpretation of the Bar codes skirt suits as well as the easier feel of the evening offerings. Set in the hallways and small salons of a 19th century mansion, against a simple backdrop of seminal works by contemporary painters from the private Tiroche DeLeon Collection, including Liu Wei’s 2012, “Beyond the Sky Limits No. 2,” and Shariar Ahmadi’s 2011, “Untitled,” Pierpaolo Piccioli didn’t need much accouterment to deliver a highly emotional and poetic show with masterfully cut long silhouette dresses. Each of the dresses flowed to the floor with little interruption at the waist, in soft pastel colors with subtle and delicate embroideries or a tulle overlay where their linear forms and light colors were perhaps reference to some of the paintings that decorated the walls. Gone were much of the more rigid silhouettes of the past and their accompanied heavy-handed embroideries. Along with Maison Margiela, this was one of Paris haute couture spring season’s best shows, with Piccioli delivering the dream and the ethereal clothes – a light yellow off-shoulder pleated gown, white silk floor-length tabards, or a light olive dress with tulle embroidered overlay – without much fanfare, and with featherweight fabrics brushing against the air as the models walked by. For Maison Margiela Artisanal, John Galliano offered a narration of the story of clothes by exposing the framework of a dress or a trench coat and stripping it to its bare bone structure with just the black seam skeleton in a masterful display of deconstruction and reconstruction to the tune of Joan Baez’s 1975 hit “Diamonds and Rust.”  Using the latest technology of social media where selfie photos can be animated, Galliano reconstructed the clothes building layers upon layers like the classic French layered ‘mille feuille’ cake and its tiers of puff pastry and cream, with black or white tulle embroidered with images of scattered faces overlaying a black wool coat, or on the back of a black jacket.  The designer made couture versions of menswear staples like the cropped boat neck double-breasted wool felt pea coat, or the red cut-out trench. In the center of the Grand Palais, Chanel created a world of its own – a special Art Deco salon – with a completely mirrored set that included mirror floor, giant vases of white Calla Lilies, and a circular rotunda that reflected the audience looking at the new linear tailoring of the Chanel suit, now with a slightly raised waist with a silver belt and a broad shouldered jacket on top of a straight skirt cut just above the knee in mint, peach, lavender, or light yellow. Myriad feathers adorned the eveningwear that ranged from a silver sparkling jacket with marabou skirt, or a tier feather ruffle short-sleeve dress. A standout was a simple white feather cropped cape over a glass-embroidered corset dress with matching suede thigh-high boots. Haute couture is a unique world of its own because of the intensive labor to make each garment, be it for the show, or adapted on the customer’s body. Photographer: Pierre Dal CorsoModel: Nadine Strittmatter for Next Management, ParisHair: Alexis Parente for B Agency, ParisMakeup: Christopher Kam for Airport Agency, ParisLocation: Galerie des Trois Bornes, Paris Beauty Notes: DIOR Diorskin Forever Perfect Makeup Everlasting Wear in 021 Linen and 024 Soft Almond, Dior Prestige La Crème Exceptional Regenerating Cream, and Dior Vernis in 306 Trianon. CHANEL Les 4 Ombres Multi-Effect Quadra Eyeshadow in 258 Tissé Ombre de Lune and 238 Tissé Paris, Inimitable Intense Mascara in 1o Noir, Le Crayon Khôl in 64 Graphite, Stylo Yeux Waterproof Long-Lasting Eyeliner in 919 Érable, Rouge Coco Ultra Hydrating Lip Color in 422 Olga, 410 Catherine and 412 Téhéran. OUAI hair oil. DRYBAR Triple Sec 3-in-1 Texturizes Amplifies Refreshes. BUMBLE AND BUMBLE Thickening Full Form Mousse and Surf Spray. The Girlfriends Issue Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    ERDEM floral print dress and lace-up platform shoes and stylist’s own fishnet tights.  LOUIS VUITTON vinyl bodysuit and strapless dress.  Left to right: VIONNET cotton tunic and silk trousers. VIONNET silk cape with embroidery and leather clutch with belt and MSGM sneakers.  Left to right: Nicole wears CHANEL zip-up hoodie and leather skirt, MSGM sneakers, and stylist’s own fishnet tights. Carla wears CHANEL vest and striped denim shorts. Sammie wears CHANEL lace mini dress and pearl necklace. Emma wears CHANEL jacket, silk slip dress, and skirt. Brontë wears CHANEL sleeveless stretch top. Mercy wears CHANEL nylon zip-up hoodie and lace pants.  Left to right: BOSS sheer silk dress. BOSS blazer and silk top.  MIU MIU striped coat, mock neck sweater, and printed crop top, stylist’s own fishnet tights and underwear.  Left to right: MARNI cotton tunic, cotton skirt, and cotton belt. J.W.ANDERSON strapless dress.  Left to right: MAX MARA bodysuit. ERDEM floral print dress.  Left to right: DIOR embroidered t-shirt, embroidered tulle skirt, knitted underwear, and necklace. DIOR quilted leather biker jacket, pleated tulle dress, choker, and earring. DIOR quilted cotton top, pleated tulle dress, and earring.  MSGM dress with ties and netted long-sleeve top.  Left to right: PRADA beaded bra top and pleated wrap skirt with patches and feather side and BOSS slides. PRADA silk and feather top and wrap skirt with patches. PRADA leather vest, button-down shirt, wrap skirt with patches and feather side, shoes, and belt.  Left to right: DIOR pleated tulle dress, choker, and earring. DIOR embroidered tulle skirt.  Left to right: SIES MARJAN crinkled dress and leather mules. VERSACE knit top with bow-ties on side and knit skirt.  J.W.ANDERSON strapless dress.  MARNI cotton tunic, cotton skirt, cotton belt, and shoes, and ANONYMOUS ISM socks.  PRADA silk and feather top and wrap skirt with patches.  Left to right: VIONNET silk cape with embroidery and leather clutch with belt and MSGM sneakers. VIONNET cotton tunic and silk trousers. Photographer: Eddie ChaconStylist: Mui-Hai ChuModels: Mercy Bauer, Emma Riskin, and Carla Sophia for Vision LA, Nicole Corrie and Sammie for Freedom Models, and Brontë Schleppi for Photogenics MediaHair: Loui Ferry for Opus Beauty using Bumble and BumbleMakeup: Sarah Uslan for Jedroot using Chanel Rouge Coco GlossManicure: Shigeko Taylor for Opus Beauty using Chanel Les VernisStyling Assistants: Britton Litow and Katiria Powell The Girlfriends Issue Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Leave it to the dirty minds at "contemporary vintage" clothing curation company Byronesque to inject a bit of deliciously subversive and delightfully seedy fun into the institution of Paris Fashion Week. From March 4-5, they will be taking over the last remaining porn theatre in Paris, which will be switching from its regular programming to something no less seductive--a large survey of Margiela’s most iconic vintage collections from 1989 to 2009 for an exhibition and clothing sale called, fittingly, "Margiela Porn". Accompanying the exhibition will be screenings of vintage Margiela shows along with a special fashion film created for the occasion. A unique campaign announcing the presentation is already in motion, featuring repurposed vintage porn movie posters and "tart cards" posted around Paris. It is only appropriate that one of the most lusted after labels receives a properly salacious presentation, especially when the goods are this...good. A treasure trove of one-of-a-kind Margiela pieces available nowhere else? You would be remiss to miss it. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    You’re Not to See that Girl ever Again. You hear me?  You’re Not to See that Girl ever Again. You hear me?  Ava wears LOUIS VUITTON coat and bodysuit, TAMARA MELLON boots, and HOOD BY AIR sunglasses.  Holly wears BALENCIAGA jacket and NIKE sweatband. Ava wears LOUIS VUITTON coat and bodysuit and HOOD BY AIR sunglasses.  Left to right: BIG STAR denim jacket and AG denim jeans. GUESS denim jacket, DKNY satin and mesh dress, G-STAR RAW jeans, and stylist’s own sunglasses.  HOOD BY AIR cotton shirt, FENDI cropped sweater, CARVEN vinyl pants, and HUDSON JEANS jeans.  Left to right: KENZO nylon tracksuit. VETEMENTS X CHAMPION tracksuit.  JACQUEMUS striped shirt available at SHOPBOP.COM, OFF-WHITE skirt, UNIF socks, and DANNIJO earrings.  JACQUEMUS striped shirt available at SHOPBOP.COM and DANNIJO earrings.  Ava wears VERSUS VERSACE coat, buckle bandeau, and pants.  You’re Not to See that Girl ever Again. You hear me? Photographer: Renee CareyStylist: Zoe Costello for Atelier ManagementModels: Holly Gean & Ava McAvoy for Photogenics MediaHair: Loui Ferry for Opus Beauty using Bumble & BumbleMakeup: Homa Safar using M.A.C CosmeticsManicure: Denise Bourne for The Rex Agency using Chanel Beauty Notes: Mario Badescu Rose Water sSpray. Ole Henriksen Sheer Transformation Moisturizer and Ultimate Eye Lift Gel. Laura Mercier Tinted Moisturizer and Translucent Power. Tom Ford Intensity 2 Contour Cream. M.A.C Cosmetics Chromacake in Chite. Marc Jacobs Glow Stick.   The Girlfriends Issue Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Heart of the Junction, backbench via Golden Goose (white w/glitter panel). “I’m not going to deal with that scene, what’s left to say besides memorized Sontag that he won’t get anyway?” Stone fruit, dark sugars, and honey blend. “But such a horrid stamp on our generation, it is idealistic dimorphism.” Stranger’s shoulder bags across neck hair. “Let’s just not apply rational terms to an irrational environment.” Daddy’s Zippo on tin top, big nick in the plate. “Simply for those leaf people with their linguistics and air diets.” Croissant and Hedges, Croissant and Spirits. “Another cup, yes…” 1400-1800 m.a.s.l. Left to right: JACQUEMUS top, pants, bra, and hat. KOCHÉ dress and shoes.  +++   Adjacent to the hotel lobby via valet (black tie). “The children, how’s that saga going?” An unsteady porcelain makes-out with rim before base. “My son demands of me to be some twisted version of Isabella Mary Beeton.” The Dover Sole out of water. “And his wife, what’s her name…” Padded booth eases lumbago. “I mind her not, she’s never gotten over her Djuna Barnes phase.” Ficus tree, faking it. “I seem to remember that conversation.” Polite Bellamy salute for a paused maître d’. “Since I denied her access to the Bulgari collection she’s refused to speak to me.” Coravin Systems 99.99% argon gas capsule. Left to right: DOLCE & GABBANA jacket, dress, shoes, and headpiece. DRIES VAN NOTEN top, skirt, and shoes.  +++   Off the corner via Orca M20 Speed (chrome & carbon). “I don’t know, it’s Orange Theory without those orthodox modern dance types strutting in Lululemon. That was just too much.” Tuscan kale and celery root, tight radish minus ricotta. “I have no problem with Fabletics.” Being popular, there’s patio seating. “I’m with you on that. Flattering is what comes to mind.” Cucumber water with shaft of mint. “I’ve certainly noticed toner laterals.” Air plants in glass of octagon. “Adjusted stride length made all the difference.” Tri-fold mid-floral or snack meditation. “You’re my perfect cool-down.” 194 predicted maximum heart rate. Left to right: WANDA NYLON jumpsuit and hat. BALENCIAGA top and pants. +++   Strip mall secret via surging rates (sea glass pearl). “It’s been way too long!” Minimalist like Ball jars. “Just being able to get the kids down…” BPA-free plastic alternatives. “And me and my mandatory overtime.” Tepache wet ring on tables of black tupelo. “Seriously, let’s discuss potential…” Joie romper unruffled. “Sounds like another high-priority spreadsheet.” Doubanjiang bean paste splatter. “You know what I mean, that new blush-worthy boss.” Stool legs like fermented rose on trampled tile. “Ugh… he uses the word deadline as if it were pinned to my chest like a sash from Atlantic City.” 84% butter cacao nibs. Left to right: CÉLINE dress, pants, shoes and sunglasses. BOSS dress and shoes. Written byFrancis N. ParrilliIllustration: Eili-Kaija Kuusniemi for Agent PekkaFashion Editor: Mui-Hai Chu The Girlfriends Issue Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Griffin Reed, 21 from California represented by Fusion Models, wears EMPORIO ARMANI jacket and harness, and his own jewelry (worn throughout). Liam Samuels wears SACAI fishnet shirt.  Liam Samuels, 19 from Thailand represented by Fusion Models, wears DEVON HALFNIGHT LEFLUFY hoodie.  Luca Adamik, 23 from Hungary represented by Muse Management, wears MM6 MAISON MARGIELA top. Yuoye wears MM6 MAISON MARGIELA dress.  Emma Silverton, 19 from England represented by Elite Model Management wears OFF-WHITE t-shirt. Vincent Beier wears ALEXANDER WANG jeans.  Sara Cummings, 19 from Texas represented by Soul Artist Management, wears BALENCIAGA tunic. Sarah McCall wears BALENCIAGA shirt.  Sarah McCall, 22 from Ireland represented by MSA Models, wears LRS BY RAUL SOLIS dress. Sara Cummings wears LRS BY RAUL SOLIS dress.  Vincent Beier, 18 from Denmark represented by Fusion Models, wears CÉLINE coat and pants. Emma Silverton wears CÉLINE coat.  Zuo Ye, 21 from China represented by Muse Management, wears OFF-WHITE dress and stylist’s own choker. Luca Adamik wears OFF-WHITE t-shirt. Photographer: Alexander SaladrigasStylist: Christine de Lassus for Art DepartmentModels: Luca Adamik, Ursula Hendrickx, and Zuoye for Muse Model Management, Vincent Beier for Fusion Models, Sara Cummings for Soul Artist Management, Sarah McCall for MSA Models, Griffin Reed and Liam Samuels for Fusion Models, and Emma Sliverton for Elite ModelsHair: Shinya Nakagawa for ArtList NY using KérastaseMakeup: Mariko ARai for The Wall GroupArt Director: Dfernando ZarembaPhotography Assistant: John SpyrouStyling Assistants: Pedro Rodrigo Gonzales and Karen Macías LópezLocation: Studio11NY The Girlfriends Issue Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                      Allie Teilz is one of those superhumanly driven multi-hyphenates that manage to excel in fields that others pour their entire lives into, making it all look impossibly easy. As if actress-DJ-model-musician wasn’t enough, she has now earned yet another appellation: fashion designer. We were lucky enough to join Allie and crew at uber-hip Silver Lake standby Tenants of the Trees to celebrate the release of her debut collection, “a line of affordable luxury suits for women, men, and agender with rock ‘n’ roll swagger,” inspired by the likes of luminaries like Grace Jones, Apollonia Kotero, Annie Hall, Bianca Jagger, and Erykah Badu. We spoke to Allie about her new line, her many pursuits, and why fashion needed some shaking up: It’s still not too common to see a fashion line designed for “women, men, and agender” clientele—what influenced you to do so? Do you think that the larger fashion world still maintains a certain gendered or binary approach, or do you see that breaking down? It’s very important to me that no one feels excluded by my brand. I believe that everyone should feel confident, strong, and sexy. Music, art, and fashion can build bridges and spark movements. To me, suits have always been the clothing that evokes the greatest sense of power, and I want to share that feeling with everyone. I do see the fashion world and society start to break down the boundaries of gender, but there is still so far to go. I’d love to see this movement travel from major cultural hubs to the masses. It’s an oft-leveled criticism that high fashion is usually unaffordable to all but the most well off, which makes it neat to see a purposefully “affordable” line. What made you decide to price your line at the point you did? Is “affordable” a stigma or an asset? Does the fashion world cater too much to elite clientele in your opinion? Affordable to me is a massive asset. Offering something that feels luxury and is yet affordable without compromising quality in fabrications, manufacturing and in fair labor practices. I have no interest in making things that are unattainable. My brand will always be accessible and unpretentious. With my brand I want to set an example of advocating inclusivity and hope that inspires others in the industry to follow in building brands that promote such values. Can you talk a little bit about your path as a designer? Were there any challenges or difficulties you faced as a first time designer coming from the music world? What inspired you to take those challenges on and to create this line? From a very young age I was customizing and making my own clothes. I would find inspiration from the cover art of my records, music videos, and soul train reruns. When i started DJ-ing I took my style to the next level, and when I moved to close to LA’s fashion district in downtown, the ceiling shattered. It was very challenging to build this collection, especially coming from a musical background and without formal training where I had only dabbled in simpler designs and alterations. I was motivated to create something that channeled a strong message and that was different from what was out there. It’s amazing how music and fashion inspire each other, and how the internet makes anything you dream of and want to learn available at your fingertips. I’ve learned so much and its been very rewarding to see it come to life. How did the idea for this line come about? What did the process of executing the idea look like? The idea sparked when I was on a press tour with my boyfriend at the time. I had spent the afternoon wandering the streets of Rome looking for a nice outfit for the premier I was attending. It was difficult because I didn’t vibe with anything I saw. His stylist brought him a rack of beautiful suits and I slid one of them on that was small, it was the first time I wore suit and it was instant love. The suit then became a staple in my closet and my uniform during gigs. I then realized that no one was making sexy suits for women, and I became tired of buying and altering men’s clothes for my frame so I began navigating the fashion world and teaching myself the science behind tailoring and making clothes. What started as making custom suits for myself and friends that dug them and wanted them for tours organically grew into the collection we launched ALLIE TEILZ with. Did you have a certain type of person in mind when designing these clothes? Who would you like to see wearing them? When designing clothes I imagine the entire spectrum of humanity rocking my threads. Anyone from the young girl entering the workforce, the seasoned business lady, to the punk teenager going to prom. My brand is definitely music centric, so I love to see musicians and performers wearing them on stage. Also, thinking back to my younger teenage angst years and remembering how I was never able to find a suit in high school, I would really really love to see other outcast teens adorned in my pieces. In the end though, I really make clothes with everyone from all shapes, sizes and walks of life in mind. What’s next on the horizon for you? Will fashion be a focus going forward? At the moment we are working on the next collection while finishing up an EP and planning an Asia tour. Fashion will forever be a focus for me and I look forward to evolving this brand and taking it around the world! Photography by Jason Agron / BFAWritten by Sid Feddema Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017     Left to right: Nike wears PRADA silk dress with feather trim and LOQUET LONDON locket (worn throughout). Lary wears CHLOÉ plissé tiered dress.  DIOR embroidered tulle long dress and EMILIA WICKSTEAD sheer top.  MARCO DE VINCENZO black and white sleeveless dress, ISA ARFEN white off-the shoulder top, DRIES VAN NOTEN silk shoes, MARC JACOBS knit socks, and SOPHIE BILLE BRAHE hoop and pearl earring (worn throughout).   FENDI sheer dress with pleats, MULBERRY shirt and skirt, and MARC JACOBS knit socks.  Left to right: CHRISTOPHER KANE dress with printed panels. PACO RABANNE jewel skirt and BASERANGE bra and underwear.  Left to right: ROCHAS yellow tulle dress. SIMONE ROCHA pink and nude floral embroidered tulle coat and ruffled dress.  SALVATORE FERRAGAMO dress and MARQUES’ALMEIDA top.  COACH dress and DRIES VAN NOTEN top.  LOEWE dress and SOPHIE BILLE BRAHE earring.  LOEWE dress and SOPHIE BILLE BRAHE earring.  PACO RABANNE jewel skirt and BASERANGE bra and underwear. Photographer: Sophia AertsStylist: Francesca TurnerModels: Nike for Wilhelmina and Lary Muller for The Hive ManagementHair: Liam Curran using Bumble and bumble and Tangle TeezerMakeup: Michelle Dacillo for Caren Agency using Milk MakeupStyling Assistant: Emma Archer Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    CÉLINE techno jacket, pants, shirt, and shoes.  MARC JACOBS zebra and checkered sequin coat and skirt and stylist’s own shoes and socks.  HUDSON JEANS distressed denim jacket, BIG STAR denim jacket, and CULT OF INDIVIDUALITY ripped jeans.  BIG STAR denim jacket, AG button-up jumpsuit, and stylist’s own earrings and cap.  Both models wear CHANEL jacket, dress, necklace, and bracelet.  GUCCI washed t-shirt, silk print skirt, velvet slippers with removable platform, and silk headband.  MARC JACOBS wool blend embroidered “MTV” sweatshirt, striped shirt with martini pin and velvet tie, and crinkle taffeta skirt with tulle petticoat.  Stylist’s own top, KSUBI jeans, and TOPSHOP earrings.  H&M nylon bomber, BIG STAR denim jacket, DL1961 button-up jeans, and stylist’s own boots.  BALENCIAGA jacket, shorts, earrings, and cap. Photographer: Camilla Armbrust.Stylist: Henna Koskinen for Jed Root.Models: Ava McAvoy for Photogenics media and Zarina Nares for Vision LA.Hair: Ashlee Rose for Art Department using Oribe.Makeup: Karo Kangas for Opus Beauty using Tom Ford Beauty. The Girlfriends Issue Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Allsaints releases new film featuring s/s 2017 collection with Maya Hawke  Allsaints releases new film featuring s/s 2017 collection with Maya Hawke  Allsaints releases new film featuring s/s 2017 collection with Maya Hawke  Allsaints releases new film featuring s/s 2017 collection with Maya Hawke  Allsaints releases new film featuring s/s 2017 collection with Maya Hawke AllSaints decided to forego the chaotic, crowded, elite-access world of New York Fashion Week for something a bit more democratic and pastoral, taking a trip to the countryside around Woodstock with Maya Hawke to make a film highlighting their new spring/summer 2017 collection. In their words: “AllSaints eschews the conventions and expectations of showing in New York Fashion Week this season by presenting its collection in a short film starring Maya Hawke entitled ‘Far From Here’. The film signals the start of a season-long collaboration for Spring/Summer 2017 between AllSaints and Maya Hawke, daughter of Uma Thurman and Ethan Hawke. Evoking the longing to escape the city in search of the space and freedom of summer, the film follows Maya in and around her hometown of Woodstock in upstate New York, expressing the endless possibilities of youth. AllSaints’ creative director Wil Beedle comments: “Anyone who spends any time with Maya will tell you that she’s smart, cool and possesses an infectious enthusiasm for new ideas, the creative process, and life in general. And as the title suggests, making this film with Maya is a conscious decision to escape from the city and New York’s increasingly overcrowded fashion week. Taking a trip up to Woodstock with Maya to capture the collection in the environment that inspired it – and then share it a week later with the world – felt more appropriate, more free, more now.” See more of AllSaints’ collection here. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                     Backstage at Pamella Roland's F/W 2017 presentation for NYFW Photography by Anna Fischer Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                      Backstage at Louis Verdad's F/W 2017 presentation for NYFW Photography by Anna Fischer Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                    Backstage at Tanya Taylor's F/W 2017 presentation for NYFW Photography by Anna Fischer Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                    Backstage at Laurence and Chico's F/W 2017 presentation for NYFW Photography by Anna Fischer Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                        Backstage at Custo Barcelona's F/W 2017 presentation for NYFW Photography by Anna Fischer Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    We caught up with the designer on her personal style, what's in her studio, and the main influences of her design sensibilities. What is your definition of style? Style to me is expressing yourself through the colours, textures, shapes you put together. You have placed those pieces together for a particular reason to make you feel a particular way to build your story of style, allowing people to perceive you in a certain way. Which five pieces of clothing could you not be without? Why do you hold them so dear? 1. Givenchy couture red tailcoat: One of my first designer pieces from Rellik 2. 1970's black drape two layer crepe trousers: £10 from a market, they're so flattering and an easy throw-on . 3. Copper embroidered bomber: My signature piece, it's full of coppery goodness. 4. Philip Treacy hats: When I'm not having a day with my fro out I will put one of my Philip Treacy hats on. I adore the shape. 5. Frida Khalo socks: She is a huge muse of mine and I feel like I Channel lots of positivity when I'm wearing them Where is your favorite place to brainstorm and get inspired? In my study at home. I have my crystals there and my scraps of sampling of copper, my iMac and my favourite pen Who for you is the most inspiring fashion designer of all time, and why? Iris Van Herpen. I love the way she fuses art/fashion and technology. The shapes she creates - it's real fashion! She also then makes wearable pieces for the buyers. See, it can be done!  Do you think of your work as art or craftsmanship? How do you balance form and function as a designer? I think craftsmanship is an art. I feel fashion is moving back to what it used to be: intricate, beautiful, quality pieces of craftsmanship that are works of art. Yes, I would consider myself as an artist that channels energy into clothing and sculpture. Fashion is art and I want to be within the new generation that explores this and merges them. Let's swipe this fast fashion, boring clothing OUT! Your clothing is very focused on decoration, form and textures. When did you begin using unconventional materials in your designs? When I was at college after I left school I played with lots of textures and forms but it wasn't until I was doing my degree when I really began to explore. My graduate collection show pieces were made from copper metal. I always wanted to work with metal, but not brass, not gold, not silver as you see that everywhere. Having said that now copper is everywhere too  the season I worked with Mark Lebon I developed the copper metal, I plenished it and put a gas burner to it to add another texture and colour. How does your aesthetic reflect your personality? Loud and crazy ey! I'm all about the bigger the better, the more daring, the more exciting! I'm a Sagittarius, what can I say? I am very spiritual so the copper stones brings good luck. I always include copper in my pieces. Then my experimental sculptural pieces will inspire my simplified commercial pieces. There are two sides to every woman. Who do you design your clothes for?  Grace Jones — she is my ultimate! What has been the most exciting moment in your career so far? There's a few things that made me mega excited: 1. Been asked to demonstrate my copper metal work inside the Alexander McQueen /Nick Waplington exhibition at the Tate Britain, then going on to lead a workshop at the Tate Modern. 2. My collaboration with Nixon, I reached out to them to ask to build a watch ( aim high ha) I ended up customising x3 watches - copper and black, with a copper oxidised face. That was surreal. 3. I'm showcasing a retrospective of my art pieces at Art Basel in Miami at the end of this year - super excited! What challenges did you have to face to get where you are in the industry? Firstly, not fitting in with the 'trends' that the new designers have going on. Having to prove myself and really convince that there are commercial pieces within the collections.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   MARC JACOBS fragmented v-neck tulle gown and GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI DESIGN leather heels.     PROENZA SCHOULER silk viscose natte long sleeve halter crop top with tie and crepe suiting flared pant with cummerbund and CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN ‘Dorissima Claire de lune’ round toe leather pump with crystal aplique.     ALEXANDER WANG denim parka with patch pocket and fringe detail, distressed denim cropped jeans with mesh over lay and mesh pullover.     PRADA silk sable dress, cashmere vest, and leather heels.     CHANEL lambskin top, lambskin dress, and metallic sandals.     LANVIN jersey gown with back corset.     HERMÈS lamb leather jacket and cotton pants.     CÉLINE calf leather dress, rayon dress and leather boots.     CHRISTIAN DIOR cropped scallop edge printed wool sweater, cotton long sleeve shirt dress, and cotton extra short shorts and PRADA leather strappy heels.     GUCCI multicolor jacquard long sleeve crew neck gown with embroidery and CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN ‘bain de soleil’ peep toe suede platform shoes.     GIVENCHY satin and lace top, silk pants with lace skirt, and leather heels.     BOTTEGA VENETA leather and lace top and leather short shorts, and JIMMY CHOO leather lace up boots.                   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                  This is precisely what the Rational Dress Society wants you to do. The group has produced a manifesto, in which they urge consumers to reject the choices provided by fast fashion: "We live in an era of personal choice and free expression. We express ourselves in strip malls, in department stores, and on Rodeo Drive. The doctrine of style preaches the goodness of choice and the perpetual redefinition of self. We are told that our options are endless, that each day we are born again in the dressing rooms of Forever 21. But fast fashion is a false god." The jumpsuit comes in 284 sizes, meaning that traditional, gendered sizing can be deemed irrelevant. The Rational Dress society has already made waves with their successful Kickstarter campaign and fashion week protests, and plans to end the project once they have raised enough profits for an ad in American Vogue. "In the future," they say, "we will be brothers and sisters together in JUMPSUITS." Appropriately, Rational Dress Society co-founders Maura Brewer and Abigail Glaum-Lathbury answered our questions together, in solidarity: How did the Rational Dress Society find each other? We met during our undergraduate studies at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago, so we’ve known each other for upwards of ten years. When we were eighteen we were both in a feminist art collective, and that was how we first started working together, and how our friendship began. In many ways, JUMPSUIT is feminist collective 2.0. The idea for JUMPSUIT and the Rational Dress Society came out of a series of conversations that we were having in the summer of 2014 about the art world, the fashion industry and issues of identity and persona. JUMPSUIT started off as a response to a need – What do we want to wear every day But it immediately became broader, and connected to ideas about consumption and choice, and how we wanted to live in the world. The RDS has articulated in "JUMPSUIT, a manifesto" that much of the opposition to fast fashion comes from human rights concerns and the lies of capitalism. But why standardization? Is there a place for expression through clothing, if it were able to be separated from the issues of late capitalism? Rather than an argument for standardization or against freedom of expression, JUMPSUIT instead questions the conflation of expression and consumption. As a culture, how do we make that differentiation? Can we establish a difference between meaningful choice and meaningless choice? Fast fashion suggests that the more choices you make, the more you are expressing yourself. But if that choice is simply picking one out of a dozen identical t-shirts, is that expression at all? In one way or another, people have to shop less. Our current economic system is simply unsustainable. JUMPSUIT pushes people to think critically about the system they are buying into. JUMPSUIT is not just an article of clothing, it’s also a conversation. The primary goal of JUMPSUIT is to open up a critical dialogue about our relationship to consumption. JUMPSUIT is just one approach to that conversation; it is a collective reimagining of our relationship to dress. It's fascinating that you see the potential for alliances to be formed through the erasure of sartorial choice. How has this looked so far? Our clothing is inscribed with all kinds of meaning and the creation of alliances between people wearing the same thing is surprisingly common. We see this is the donning of sports jerseys as a show of collective support or solidarity. In this case, individuals subsume their identities in favor of forming communal bonds between other fans. JUMPSUIT functions similarly, signifying a collective rejection of the yoke of relentless consumption we find ourselves mired in. We are team JUMPSUIT. We root for dress reform and not buying clothing. The manifesto also says that once funds for an ad in American Vogue are acquired, it will mark the end of JUMPSUIT. Why stop there? Do you see the movement as one that will continue? By the time that we acquire both the funds and the cultural capital to get into Vogue, which is carefully curated, JUMPSUIT will then operate on the level of lived social reality. At this point we will stop production, but the patterns will stay up on the website for people to make on their own. This definitive end point is important to the concept of the project, because it needs to maintain its position as a critical construct. The embedded “off switch” prevents the project from simply reproducing the system that it is criticizing. Part of the problem with fast fashion is that capitalism itself demands continuous growth and that demand is the thing that has led to this situation, in which H&M must produce larger and larger quantities of clothing each year. In criticizing this model of production, JUMPSUIT cannot begin to simulate it. The end goal of this project is to put people in JUMPSUITS. When an ad in Vogue is finally attainable, we will no longer need to continue in the same way. People will make their own jumpsuits and it will live on. Utopia achieved! Do you wear your JUMPSUIT everyday? What did you like to wear before? Absolutely! Before JUMPSUIT we wore less utopian clothing; it’s better now. How difficult is it to use the restroom? We find it to be very easy! JUMPSUIT features a heavy metal duty zipper (made in Los Angeles) and fly front closure for ease of use. We get this question with some frequency. It’s not that different from a pair of jeans; the zip is just longer. Why do you think in all sci-fi descriptions of the future, people are wearing jumpsuits? Jumpsuits in sci-fi usually signify that we’ve evolved into a more tolerant society in which class distinctions have been rendered meaningless. For example in Star Trek, there is no currency. Technology allows for a classless society in which social solidarity manifests in the form of the jumpsuit. It also demarcates efficiency. In terms of the jumpsuit’s historical valence, the 60’s were when the garment really took off. It is completely linked to the space race - astronauts made jumpsuits futuristic and cool. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   GAULTIER PARIS silk acid washed print slip dress, cotton linen crochet strapless dress, and leather gloves. DIOR HOMME wool single-breasted suit, cotton shirt, silk tie, leather gloves.     CHANEL HAUTE COUTURE lognon pleated sleeve and tiered skirt organza dress with bodice embroidered with wood shards, beads, and sequins and cork wedge heels and CHANEL FINE JEWELRY ‘secrète’ diamond bracelet set in 18k white gold, ‘secrète’ diamond ring set in 18k white gold and ‘attirante’ diamond earrings set in 18k white gold.     GIAMBATTISTA VALLI HAUTE COUTURE silk organza metallic embroidered cocktail dress with open shoulder, and tulle floral paillettes embroidered puff sleeves. DIOR HOMME wool single-breasted suit, cotton shirt, silk tie, leather gloves, and leather shoes.     GIORGIO ARMANI PRIVÉ tulle flare tunic embroidered with ribbons and crystals, long gazar skirt, and leather plastic slippers, and CHANEL FINE JEWELRY ‘charleston’ brilliant and baguette cut diamonds and carved onyx bracelet on 18k white gold. DIOR HOMME wool single-breasted suit, cotton shirt, silk tie, leather gloves, and leather shoes.     VALENTINO HAUTE COUTURE tulle and antique velvet long dress with arabesque applications and snake headdress.     DIOR HAUTE COUTURE lace slip dress, silk embroidered slit skirt and leather slip heels. DIOR HOMME wool single- breasted suit and leather shoes.     AOUADI PARIS organza and lace short sleeve dress with feather swans embroideries and ATELIER VERSACE JEWELRY COLLECTION diamond rings set on 18k white gold.     ATELIER VERSACE silk cutaway dress with embroidered ropes and straps and leather heels and ATELIER VERSACE JEWELRY COLLECTION diamond necklace and earrings on 18k white gold.     ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER embroidered lace side slit dress and leather strappy heels.     YIQING YIN silk rope-gathered flare dress.     BOUCHRA JARRAR velvet and silk brocade zippered sleeveless biker vest and silk cigarette pants. ATELIER VERSACE JEWELRY COLLECTION diamond necklace on 18k white gold.     ELIE SAAB tulle embroidered jumpsuit, leather belt, and leather heels. DIOR HOMME wool single-breasted suit and leather shoes.                 The taxi drivers were striking a few hours before the Chanel Haute Couture show, burning tires on the periphérique near Porte Maillot, blockading entry points to the city, and clashing violently with police in protest of Uber. Simultaneously, air traffic controllers, civil servants, and teachers were striking across France. Amidst the tense state of emergency, the instructions for guests to the Chanel show at the Grand Palais were that each guest must use a specific entrance according to the assigned seat section, and their identification was matched to their invitation and the door list. Kicking off the show, Baptiste Giabiconi signaled open the front door of a wood plank house enclosed within the Grand Palais. A meditative moment of calm descended before the door opened, and a classical concerto blasted from the speakers as model after model paced around the lush garden surrounding the house. They wore cropped jackets with long skirts for daywear, and soft languid dresses in a lean silhouette falling just above the knee for evening. Under Karl Lagerfeld’s direction, the Chanel ateliers demonstrated technical wizardry and unmatched craftsmanship. Argentinian model Mica Arganaraz opened with a beige linen puff-sleeved cropped jacket, with matching above-the-ankle skirt and cork platform shoes, then wore a solo wedding look; a hooded baseball jacket and a strapless dress with a short back train of raw organic cotton embroidered on tulle with miniature fine carved wood chips, mini pearls, and beads. At the Dior show, the giant mirrored tent in the gardens of the Musée Rodin served as a reminder of the continuity of the house since the abrupt departure of Creative Director Raf Simons last October. Lacking a designer, the house opted for the guidance of studio heads Lucie Meier and Serge Ruffieux, both of whom took a bow at the end of the show with their principal assistants. The collection was based around the Dior heritage and the reworking of the Bar silhouette, with an attempt at making couture more streetwise and commercial. That Bar jacket—now in white wool with floral embroidery and long flared sleeves, accompanied by a below- the-knee black skirt—was an ode to the past, while a black silk version was there to woo a younger global customer. Missing from the show—despite the impressive surrounding reflective mirrored walls—was the sense of grandeur and awe that only couture can afford. Since launching his first couture collection in 2011, Giambattista Valli has held his own road with a focused aesthetic and an eye to business. Staged at the Carreau du Temple, Valli was inspired by Paris’ famous gardens. Armed with the craftsmanship of his atelier and his fervent imagination, Valli created a vivid tableau of smart dresses. White silk crêpe with ruffle trim with floral bouquet paillette embroidery on the shoulder and front thigh or floral macramé and crystal flowers, the grey silk printed lily shift with paillette bustier and black draped macramé, and a mini mousseline cape mixed the modern 1960s mini cocktail with 19th century Empire shapes—all a part of Valli’s signature aesthetic. “I was born with feminine strength to overcome obstacles and take nothing for granted,” urged the Portuguese musician Violet over the loudspeakers at the Atelier Versace show, as Yasmin Wijnaldum—in a white cropped zippered jacket with yellow utility cords, sports bra, and ski pants— stomped down the runway. Donatella Versace has distilled elements of athletics in constructing her clothes to endow women with the power of fashion in these perilous times. In her own quiet manner, Yiqing Yin’s long silk dress with leather harness, short LED-wrapped dress, and metal mesh dress, balanced the designer’s extremely complex couture garments with her more commercial impulses. Blooming Ashes—the title of Yin’s show—is based on the notion of metamorphosis: of creating a new object by merging different elements and processes together. Her bustier made of laser-cut leather strings with a leather and silk wrap dress is a perfect combination of wearable and experimental. Two thin gold lines running up a pair of silk gabardine pants worn with a sleeveless gold-zippered velvet and silk brocade biker brought a whiff of military uniform to Bouchra Jarrar’s confident show. On the soundtrack was an excerpt of Marcel Proust’s final volume of À La Recherche Du Temps Perdu, Le Temps Retrouvé. Jarrar’s sailor garb—here a midnight blue cropped jacket with gold ribbon trim and buttons— was rendered feminine and refined with a Chantilly lace blouse and a long gold silk vest. Yacine Aouadi’s second thirteen piece collection—Saison Des Amours Aux Rayons X at the Petit Palais—featured the intricate workmanship that embody the designer. Hybrids of materials and techniques highlighted slim elongated silhouettes like embroidered pink flamingoes on organza or silicon lace enmeshed in a short sleeve sheath dress. In future seasons the designer will have to expand the scope of his work with a more diverse choice of garments for women to buy, while still bearing his hallmark handiwork and embellishment. Maria Grazia Chiuri and Pier Paolo Piccioli at Valentino took the Delphos gown— an early 20th century pleated silk shift dress weighted by glass beads—as an influence in their modern and timeless collection. Freedom expressed in a dress meant a garment that floated yet clung to the body, allowing for movement without constriction. The models walked barefoot along rose petals with gold snakes in their tresses, and a green velvet dress with golden handmade peacocks leant an air of timelessness, yet the collection felt decidedly current with floaty pleated chiffon shifts that brushed the rose petals on the wooden floor; a reflection of our ultimate desire to move and think freely. Fashion is never divorced from the environment and the world we live in. Designers use the language of clothes— especially when speaking couture— and craft a response in the form of an inspirational show that counters the darkness around us. The human touch intrinsic in each of these couture garments is a form of resistance, a stand against the pervasiveness of technology and the super fast pace of life today. Imagine the 2,200 hours of meticulous handiwork it took to make that Valentino chiffon plissé dress with gold butterfly and petal motif; that’s close to an eternity in a world that is a click away from instant gratification.   Beauty Notes: CHANEL poudre universelle libre translucent 2, poudre universelle compacte translucent 2, les 4 ombres multi-effects quadra eyeshadow tissé smoky and tissé riviera, le volume mascara waterproof black, rouge coco ultra hydrating lip colour cécile, dimitri and mademoiselle, rouge coco stylo complete care lipshine romain and conte, le vernis nail lacquer ballerina, organdi and monochrome. KÉRASTASE elixir ultime original oil, cristal sculpt, lumière liquide and touche finale. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                            Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   ANTHONY VACCARELLO silk and viscose dress with metal hook strap and CORPUS CHRISTI bracelets     ANTHONY VACCARELLO dress, APERLAÏ heels, and CORPUS CHRISTI bracelets                  Vaccarello received his start in Milan, designing furs at Fendi under Karl Lagerfeld. At the time, he was fresh off of his studies at La Cambre, his graduate collection garnering him first prize the Hyères fashion and photography festival in the French Riviera. With an urge to create his own label (and because he’d fallen in love), Vaccarello moved to Paris, and had his first small presentation in 2008 in the windows of Maria Luisa’s boutique. In Paris, he fell in love some more (with a group of strong, beautiful women who are now his muses), and in 2011, he took home the prestigious ANDAM award. Love truly is a powerful catalyst. Vaccarello’s take on love is a modern one: clothes cut with clean, precise tailoring, in which femme fatale harlotry reigns alongside a strong, intelligent edge. We hounded Vaccarello until he finally found a moment after the shows and sales meetings to discuss sex, among other interests, from his studio in Paris. How did you get into fashion?
I’ve always drawn clothes without knowing I would become a fashion designer. It was more about drawing women that I saw on TV. I did a lot of collage. Then I discovered designers in the early ’90s; that probably made me want to become a designer—people like Alaïa, Helmut Lang, and Gianni Versace. I’m from Brussels in Belgium, so I studied in La Cambre, which was the best school in Belgium for what I wanted to do. I realized that people liked what I was doing, but I didn’t begin to trust myself until around 2006. Who do you have in mind when you design your collections?
A girl, a city, a walk, and attitude. I like real women [who are] alive; I’m not obsessed with dead women. I think a lot about modern women, such as my friend Lou Doillon—women who have a real life, a real job, a real family, a real sensitivity, and also, failures. Who’s your favorite sex symbol in history?
A cross between Jane Birkin and Beatrice Dalle. Very different but complementaire. Your clothes embody a modern sexiness. What is your definition of sexy in these modern times?
If a girl is sexy, the dress can reveal her, but it’s always about her attitude. What’s the sexiest moment you’ve ever had in your life?
I will not tell you. Fair enough. What’s your favorite late night spot in Paris?
My studio with a friend who comes by to drink a good bottle of red wine. What is your aphrodisiac?
The sunset. What’s the sexiest film ever made?
All the Fassbinder and Pasolini scenes are sexy to me. While “sexy” is the most commonly used word people use to describe your clothes, it’s also just as much about the strength, power, and confidence of a woman.
I think it’s because it’s not just sexy. Everyone can make a sexy dress. That’s not interesting. It’s sexy when a girl is sexy. With the interesting cutouts and geometric shapes that emerge in your clothing, do you have a favorite geometric shape? Trapezoid, octagon, hexagon…
I hate the trapezoid! I don’t know. It’s always the body that inspires the line for me. It depends on the body, the fabrics. Every season it seems you grow leaps and bounds. How do you keep focused and not let the pressure get to you?
I try not to read a lot of press, and I try to see my non-fashion friends. It’s becoming hard to see them, but of course, there is always someone to remind you of the pressure—thank you! Sorry! I didn’t mean to remind you. Back to the female body. What is the most alluring part of a woman’s anatomy to you?
I have a little weakness for the collarbone. Special Thanks: Amanda Gutterman.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   After four years as Creative and Image Director of the esteemed Saint Laurent Fashion house, Hedi Slimane has left to pursue work elsewhere. In his four years, Slimane aimed to elevate Saint Laurent through a repositioning of the house’s entire brand. His work throughout this time proved measurably successful, in one year elevating revenue by 38 percent. Slimane’s bold decisions which directly influenced this growth included relocating the design studio from Paris to L.A., redesigning the company’s logo, and dropping the “Yves” from the company’s name. By revamping Saint Laurent's tone, Slimane created a more edgy, grungier aesthetic that garnered fashion world admiration. Slimane’s presence and input at the esteemed fashion house will be missed, but his influential passion will remain indelible.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   VIVIENNE WESTWOOD MAN suit, shirt, and pants and ALBERTO ZAMBELLI socks.     MONCLER GAMME BLEU jacket.     MARNI shirt and pants, stylist’s own vest and socks, and MAISON MARGIELA shoes.     ETRO coat, shirt, and pants.     RICK OWENS top, pants, and shoes.     ACNE STUDIOS jacket, shirt, and shoes and LEVI’S jeans.     RICK OWENS top, pants, and shoes.     RICK OWENS top and pants.     Raf Simons vintage  jacket, JIL SANDER jacket and shirt.     MONCLER GAMME BLEU suit, shirt, and pants.     ISSEY MIYAKE shirt and pants, MESUX head crown, and GUCCI ring.     VERSACE jacket, shirt, and pants, TRUSSARDI fur sleeves, and stylist’s own papillon.     MAISON MARGIELA t-shirt, FENDI pants, and VERSACE shoes     MAISON MARGIELA jacket and t-shirt, FENDI pants, and VERSACE shoes.                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   ACNE jacket, MARGARET HOWELL sweater, ACQUASCUTUM shirt, and SAND pants.     BELSTAFF suede poncho and MARGARET HOWELL sweater.     Jacket by SAND jacket and PAUL SMITH blouse.     CHRISTIAN DIOR sleeveless jacket, PHILIPP PLEIN jacket, LANVIN airtex, VICTORIA BECKHAM trousers, MARGARET HOWELL socks, PAUL SMITH sandals and hat.     CÉLINE dress, PAUL SMITH sandals, and MARGARET HOWELL socks.     HERMÈS coat.     PHILIPP PLEIN jacket and MARGARET HOWELL sweater.     BALLY coat, GUCCI blouse, DUNHILL pants, and PAUL SMITH shoes.     ALEXANDER MCQUEEN trench and trousers and PAUL SMITH shoes.     MIU MIU coat and PAUL SMITH hat.     MARGARET HOWELL sweater, VICTORIA BECKHAM vest, and PAUL SMITH hat.     MARGARET HOWELL suit, sweater, and socks and PAUL SMITH shoes.                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Hazel wears FENDI silk chiffon blouse and CHANEL metal headbands. DOLCE & GABBANA aurealux mask, aurealux radiance moisturizer cream, aurealux eye gel, perfect luminous concealer in caramel, mascara in nero, eyeliner in black, luminous cheek color in nude, brow liner in soft brown, and dolce rosa excelsa eau de parfum.     Marine wears LOUIS VUITTON embroidered shrug, embroidered top, and bra. DOLCE & GABBANA perfect luminous liquid foundation in natural glow, eyeliner in platinum and black, perfect mono cream eye color in elegance, glam liner in black intense (layered over the black eyeliner pencil), brow liner in mocha, and dolce rosa excelsa eau de parfum.     Veronika wears MARNI cotton sleeveless top and silk and cotton dress. DOLCE & GABBANA perfect mono cream eye color in bronze, eyeshadow duo in gold, classic cream lipstick in caramel, and dolce rosa excelsa eau de parfum.     Liene wears BURBERRY silk crepe and lace long dress. DOLCE&GABBANA perfect luminous liquid foundation in classic, perfect mono cream eye color in antique rose, luminous cheek color in nude and delight, shimmer powder duo in glow light, intenseyes mascara in black intense, and classic cream lipstick in chic, and dolce rosa excelsa eau de parfum.     Liene wears ACNE STUDIOS wool and mohair guitar top. DOLCE&GABBANA perfect luminous liquid foundation in bisque, perfect mono cream eye color in antique gold, luminous cheek color in delight illuminator in luna, lipstick sophia no1 all available at Saks Fifth Avenue, and dolce rosa excelsa eau de parfum.     Rose wears MIU MIU silk dress, cotton shirt and feather ornament. DOLCE&GABBANA perfect luminous liquid foundation in natural glow, shimmer powder duo in glow light, luminous cheek color in delight, mascara in nero, glam liner in black intense, dolce rosa matte lipstick in dolce nudo, and dolce rosa excelsa eau de parfum.     Nora wears GUCCI embroidered collar with bow and tulle top with embroidery. DOLCE&GABBANA perfect luminous liquid foundation in natural glow, illuminator glow illuminating powder in luna, perfect mono cream eye color in antique gold, dolce rosa matte lipstick in dolce nudo, precision lipliner in cashmere, nail lacquer in lava and rose petal, and dolce rosa excelsa eau de parfum.     Laura wears GUESS cotton jean jacket and stylist’s own silver necklace. DOLCE&GABBANA perfect reveal lift foundation in classic, dolce rosa matte lipstick in dolce nudo, perfect mono cream eye color in sage and dolce rosa excelsa eau de parfum.     Tamara wears BARBARA BUI silk georgette dress and double-weave georgette triangle bra. DOLCE&GABBANA luminous cheek color in peach, perfect mono cream eye color in amore, mascara in nero, dolce rosa matte lipstick in dolce dolcezza, and dolce rosa excelsa eau de parfum.     Tara wears MARC JACOBS knit wool and feather top. DOLCE&GABBANA perfect luminous liquid foundation in golden honey, shimmer powder duo in glow light, luminous cheek color in bacio, sheer shine gloss in baby, brow liner in mocha, eyeliner in chocolate and coffee, perfect mono intense cream eye color in coffee, mascara in nero, and dolce rosa excelsa eau de parfum.     Alyssa wears FAITH CONNEXION hand painted cotton parka and JAMES PERSE cotton tank top. DOLCE&GABBANA perfect luminous liquid foundation in bisque, perfect luminous concealer in caramel, brow liner in mocha, perfect mono cream eye color in gold dust and desert,  luminous cheek color in bacio, dolce matte lipstick in dolce desire, and dolce rosa excelsa eau de parfum.     Ola wears DIOR wool sweater and dioroscope necklace with metal, resin, and palladium finish. DOLCE&GABBANA dolce matte lipstick in dolce blood and dolce desire, perfect mono cream eye color in desert, and dolce rosa excelsa eau de parfum.     Tara wears PRADA embroidered organza dress, cashmere sweater with velvet and tulle veil. DOLCE&GABBANA aurealux mask, aurealux radiance moisturizer cream, aurealux eye gel, dolce rosa matte lipstick in dolce dolcezza,  illuminator in luna, and dolce rosa excelsa eau de parfum.     Justine wears DIESEL BLACK GOLD leather top. DOLCE&GABBANA perfect matte liquid foundation in creamy, shimmer powder duo in glow light, dolce rosa matte lipstick in dolce rosa, passioneyes mascara in nero, brow pencil in soft brown, and nail lacquer in lava, and dolce rosa excelsa eau de parfum.                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   L’AGENCE leather jacket and jeans, SAINT LAURENT silk shirt, vintage t-shirt, CONVERSE sneakers, and ANDA & MASHA hat     Vintage denim vest, MADEWELL t-shirt and jewelry     ACNE STUDIOS jacket, vintage sweatshirt, GUESS jeans, DR. MARTENS boots, and MADEWELL rings (worn throughout)     ACNE STUDIOS jacket and vintage sweatshirt     Vintage letterman jacket, ZARA shirt, and DIESEL denim shorts.     BLK DNM leather jacket, AG denim jacket, JOHNNY WAS dress, and DR. MARTENS boots     On her: ZARA shirt. On him: Vintage jacket, DIESEL jeans, and ANDA & MASHA hat     A.L.C. dress and LEVI’S jeans                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   H&M denim top, dress shirt, and jeans and HOLLY SILIUS & HANNAH WARNER Pineapple necklace, SWAROVSKI ring and cosmic cluster ring (both worn throughout), and talent’s own jewelry.     SIWY jeans     PHLEMUNS extended sleeve crop top, raw silk spaghetti strap top, and recycled denim snap flare jeans, CÉLINE woven kidskin slippers (worn throughout), and HOLLY SILIUS & HANNAH WARNER pineapple necklace.     WILDFOX short sleeve t-shirt, BASSIKE long sleeve t-shirt, AG DENIM jeans, and HOLLY SILIUS & HANNAH WARNER pineapple necklace.     CALVIN KLEIN COLLECTION sequined silk chain strap slip dress and ARTISAN DELUXE flared jeans.     DIOR cropped cotton veil ‘lingerie’ top and shorts and HUDSON JEANS flared jeans.     AX ARMANI EXCHANGE denim seamed coat, J BRAND jeans, and CÉLINE woven shoes.           CÉLINE blouse, printed skirt, and woven shoes, and G-STAR RAW denim shirt.     GUESS dolamn-sleeve pullover sweater, CITIZENS OF HUMANITY quince overall, and HOLLY SILIUS & HANNAH WARNER pineapple necklace.                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   CHANEL blouse, skirt and pants.     PRADA top.     Vintage t-shirt, and ACNE ARCHIVE dress.     GUCCI dress.     PARI DESAI bodysuit, and RYAN ROCHE pants.     HARLEY DAVIDSON vintage t-shirt, CAMILLA AND MARC dress, and CONVERSE model’s own shoes.     BOSS waistcoat, top and pants, and CHANEL sandals.     STUSSY hoodie and vintage jacket.     RYAN ROCHE bodysuit and skirt, and CHANEL sandals.     Vintage t-shirt, CÉLINE dress, and CONVERSE model’s own shoes.                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   COMME DES GARÇONS jacket.     COMME DES GARÇONS jacket.              Stylist’s own vintage jacket, RAQUEL ALLEGRA top, GOSHA RUBCHINSKIV t-shirt, Y-3 pants, and COMMON PROJECTS shoes.         COMME DES GARÇONS jacket, Y-3 pants, MAISON MARTIN MARGIELA shoes, and POLO socks.     MSBHV top.          VETEMENTS jacket and SUPREME shirt.         OFF WHITE jacket, ECKS DESIGN WORKS top, and Y-3 pants.                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                      Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   DESIGNERS REMIX knitted sweater.     DESIGNERS REMIX dress and knitted sweater.     MARK KENLY DOMINO TAN blouse and pants.     MARK KENLY DOMINO TAN blouse and pants.     WEEKDAY dress, SAK POTTS fur, and ACNE STUDIOS boots.      ACNE STUDIOS shirt and boots, and BØGELUND-JENSEN pants.     ACNE STUDIOS shirt and boots, and BØGELUND-JENSEN pants.     WEEKDAY dress, SAK POTTS fur, and ACNE STUDIOS boots.     BAUM UND PFERDGARTEN dress.     MARK KENLY DOMINO TAN blouse and pants, ITEM M6 socks, CHEAP MONDAY sandals, and JANE KØNIG jewelry.           BAUM UND PFERDGARTEN dress.     CACHAREL jacket, GINA TRICOT knitted sweater, H&M skirt, ACNE STUDIOS boots, and JANE KØNIG jewelry.     DESIGNERS REMIX dress and knitted sweater.     LINA FUNDER dress and ACNE STUDIOS boots.     LINA FUNDER dress.     LINA FUNDER dress and ACNE STUDIOS boots.     MARK KENLY DOMINO TAN blouse and pants, and JANE KØNIG jewelry.                 Makeup: Amy Strozzi   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Perverze is the burgeoning Tokyo-based, avant-garde street label taking off in global proportions. The brand is comprised of an on-going collaboration between creative visionaries in Japan, and founded on the retro styles of the 80s and 90s counterculture. Despite the decline of fashion retailers in recent years, Perverze is one of Japan's fastest-growing fashion startups. From shredded knits to tailored coats and bucket hats, the brand champions it's vintage aesthetic with modern functionality.  With recent media frenzy, Perverze has teamed up with Assembly NY to launch it's official U.S. presence. Starting November 15th, the Fall/Winter 2019 collection will be on display in New York's Lower East Side for a month-long showcase. Although this pop-up will be brief, Perverze has no plans to slow down any time soon. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On a mid-fall afternoon, Graham Tyler and I sat down at the High Line Hotel. Surrounded by its collegiate gothic-style architecture and mid-19th-century mementos, we reflect on the time ambiguousness of it— much like his work. Once a student of sculpture and millinery, Tyler found his craft somewhere between bespoke and ready-to-wear, although, he’s not the typical trend-leaning, Instagram-hype designer we’ve become accustomed to. Rather, he’s more introspective, and frankly, unparalleled in his skill. Blending Renaissance, Edwardian, and Victorian silhouettes, Graham modernizes each garment reference through a contemporary lens. In conversation, we spoke of his interests, inspirations, and career from past to present.  How did you decide to study sculpture at Cleveland Institute of Art, and how did that lead you to your millinery apprenticeship with Marta Glazen? I started with painting, and my work was about the body. When it came to actually choosing my major, I ended up going with sculpture because I was more interested in tactile 3d works at the time. And again, I was making a lot of things about the body. From there, I realized I really wanted to learn a craft and wanted to have a skill— a real solid craft skill set. I was looking around at what would be of interest to me, and then I became kind of obsessive about really fascinating textiles. So just in happenstance, I found a woman in Cleveland that was taking an apprentice. Her name was Marta, and she took me in very kindly, and it was very intense; it was about two years with her. Two years, for five, maybe six days a week. I learned a lot from her. She's worked with everybody, and she was wonderful.  How did you decide to switch from sculpture to hats to ready to wear? I was making headwear for a lot of different people in New York, from stylists to runway to a lot of nightlife personalities. People would constantly ask me, "Can you make a garment to go with the hats that your making?" So I thought that I probably should learn how to make clothes. I was making a lot of clothing and headwear. Then, some of the designers that I was working with for their own lines  said, "Just start your own thing."  You went on to make custom headwear for Lady Gaga, Barneys NY, Adam Selman, and Polo Ralph Lauren, to name a few. What were those experiences like? Ralph Lauren for Polo was a full-time day job, and I was doing headwear. That was a really great experience of learning the ins and outs of a brand and how a brand functions at that scale. It's especially nice to work at a brand with such a specific aesthetic. When it comes to celebrities, I work with a few different stylists and such. I largely work with Zaldy, who is a big costume designer. He used to be the designer for LAMB for Gwen Stefani. I worked with him, and it's a really great relationship because he can transfer the information and the aesthetic that they're looking for quite easily. Celebrity work can be tricky because we both come to the table with totally different aesthetics. So I try to translate their thoughts and their words through my hand, which can be kind of a tedious process. It's a lot of give and take on that, but in the end, it's fun. Speaking of costume design— have you ever considered crossing over into that category? I mean, I now understand why Christian Lacroix decided to be a costume designer. Because there's a lot more freedom in that— I don't think I would, because I don't feel that my clothes and the topics that I'm discussing in my work translate well on stage, so I probably would never become a costume designer. None of my clothes have any historical accuracy. I'm usually re-cutting a historical garment into something totally different, or I cut a jacket as a shirt, and I cut a corset as a jacket. I kind of am shifting and re-translating and re-curating things. Your silhouettes are a modern and original take on historical fashion with an emphasis on curved seams, leg of mutton sleeves, corsets, suit vests, and so on. What era's in fashion do you find most influential to you? And do you see a resurgence in antiquated-style clothing? I think the world is consistently reflexive. I think that that is relevant to me. I do see a resurgence in— at least currently, there's a lot of Victorian and Edwardian references transpiring. Especially with puffed sleeves, these are quite popular at the moment. The most recent collection was largely about Mary Shelley and her husband and the Pforzheimer collection at the New York Public Library, which focuses on 1819 to 1845. I mainly stuck to that time period as to the corsets, jackets, and shirts that I was cutting— I was referencing those styles. My work blends Renaissance, Edwardian, Victorian, and some extremely contemporary styles of cutting so that things never feel historical, and they never feel contemporary. They always feel like this very time ambiguous work, which I think is a new way of making clothes — to be very time ambiguous about the way that you're working. Overarchingly, people describe my work as being very Amish. I definitely take that as a compliment, just because I think I cut very graphic shapes, but with very tactile textiles and very hand ROT textiles- and that's kind of an Amish practice. The wonderful thing about Amish is that they look the same today as they did, and they do still.  Speaking of your SS20 collection, "The Origin of Failure," what's the meaning behind this title? It's a long, drawn-out situation. Though the collection was about the Pforzheimer collection and Mary Shelley and her husband, it also was in tandem with trying to figure out what contemporarily is a Romantics approach to making things. I was really inspired by glitch art — also, the act of being romantic about pixelated data. A lot of the prints were all glitched out. I was glitching the images with the love letters. I was typing the love letters into the code of the photos and glitching them through that by putting too much data into the back end. So the long drawn out part of it is that there's only one real piece of critical academic writing about the glitch art that's called The Aesthetics of Post-Digital Objects, I believe. It refers to a glitch as the origin of failure. I was really fascinated by that term. Also, it's terminology as linked to Mary Shelley's obsession with failure in her book and most of her literature, but especially in Frankenstein. What were some of your other points of inspiration for the collection?  I was looking at one specific love letter, which is dated August 23rd — my birthday, that Mary Shelley's husband sent to her. Then when he passed away, she rewrote it, and the rewritten version is at the library. That was the main graphic, and then I referenced for the styles that I was cutting a few original Parisian fashion magazines from the early 1800s, these little women's books. Then a diary-slash-entertainment book that a woman named Anne Wagner kept, and I created a dress using her entire book that I reprint. That dress now will be in the permanent collection of the Phorzheimer. They have bought it, and it'll be the only piece of contemporary clothing that exists in their archive, which is really wonderful. Those are the main things that I was focusing on visually.  Do you have a favorite piece from this collection? The jacquard triptych. The three-piece suit that had their love letters and embroidered into it was my favorite look. That garment is made with this new technology that I'm working on with a computer weaving company in California to be able to create jacquard garments with no wastage. That's how the Mary Shelley corset was also created. They normally create a lot of wastage to make that work.  Art plays an innate influence in your work. Do you prefer antiquity or modern art? It's a big mix in between. I don't think there's an art style that I don't like for the most part, but I'm not a big Surrealist fan. There are a few artists that I'm always thinking about, but I only look at historical art when it's when it pertains to a specific topic. I know the Smithsonian Institution in DC was an important gallery to you growing up. What's your favorite museum today? As a child, we went to that museum almost every summer in DC. There's a Vermeer room that was important to me, and the room about Alexander Calder in the Modern was significant for me as a kid. The feeling of uncanniness inspired me in his work. I recently went to the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum. That was probably the most fantastic art experience I've had because it's really beautiful to experience art of that nature and of that caliber on non-white institutional walls. What are some of your favorite art movements and painters? My favorite artist is Joseph Cornell, who created these incredible little boxes filled with objects. He dealt with melancholy, nostalgia, and love in the same way that I do. I have a soft spot for miniatures and small works of art. I am more inspired by the underpaintings of paintings than I am of the paintings themselves. The color palettes from my work are based on Versailles' underpaintings, which are black and white paintings that they do before they do the painting on top. Any of the artists in the Baroque time period did that a lot. I look at Baroque paintings and Baroque unfinished works of art quite often. I also look at Jasper Johns work a lot. Currently, there's an artist Jefferson Hayman. He's a photographer, and he does these really beautiful little photographs that are my current obsession. Your last two collections have focused on the use of muted colors. Why are you more drawn to grays and blacks, and do you plan on reintroducing color in future collections? I'm partially color blind, and managing all of those colors was very hard for me. I realized I was in a very different place at that point in time. The short answer is no; I won't be going back to color. I consider those first two collections iterations of me attempting to figure out what I wanted to make. Then the most recent collections are me telling the world what I am making and what I am planning to continue to make. Gray, black and white will always be the base, and I will softly incorporate beiges and taupes and rusts, and some kind of soft lilacs. Everything else will stay rooted in those colors. I also like that you could, in theory, take any piece from those collections and moving forward be able to put them together because colors will always match up. I think that's important for the people who look at the clothes and also wear them. How do you achieve your impeccable tailoring? What's your trial and error process like while developing silhouettes each collection? My suits are sewn by hand. They are quite meticulously sewn, and I make all of the patterns and samples.  I keep everything really structured, largely just because I'm drawn to those really aesthetic lines. It was more so a very long learning curve to have to teach myself how to sew a suit like that. I was looking at a lot of old designer suits who made stunning haute couture suits. That's where I learned how to make the ones that I make now. So what's next?  I'm launching e-commerce in the next month or so with some of our core styles and shapes. I am really focusing on the dress shirts. That's kind of everyone's favorite item from us. I'm currently in the Elaine Gold Launch Pad program, so lots of things to come through the CFDA and the EGLP. Then I am already starting the textile development process. The process is very long, and we create entirely new textiles every season, almost every textile is exclusive to the brand. I'm in the process of ideation and also agreements between what collection I'm going to be allowed to use next. There's a lot of logistical things with these collections, so I'm working on what collection I'll be using next. Clothing: Graham Tyler ‘The Origin of Failure’ Produced and Directed by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: Jack Belli Styled by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Mia Varrone Model: Inga Dezhina at Supreme Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Veronica Vilim, Luka Sabbat. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Frida Aasen, Laquan Smith, Daniela Braga, Robin Holzken. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Lion Babe. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Beau Jangless. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  LaQuan Smith. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Aamito Lagum. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA Photo by Avi Gill Last Thursday, New York designer LaQuan Smith and cherub denim brand, Jordache, celebrated its capsule collection at Cipriani's private club, Socialista. Elsa Hosk, Luka Sabbat, Danielle Herrington, and Elisa Johnson, to name a few, sported their Jordache x LaQuan Smith looks as they wined, dined, and grooved to an impromptu performance by Lion Babe. The collaboration, displayed in Smith's Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, is inspired by the NYC nightlife, offering a fresh and reinterpreted version of Jordache's playful denim silhouettes. To view the full collection debuted in LaQuan Smith SS20 click here. Photo by Avi Gill Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Kelcie Schofield is the founder and designer of the contemporary clothing label, CIE Denim. Conceived in 2018, Kelcie fills a gap in her industry by reusing and reworking pre-existing denim as well as solidifying a new and less toxic manufacturing process. Whether it’s restructured silhouettes, deadstock materials, or Naveena Mills’ cutting edge Horizon fabric, CIE represents the future of manufactured denim in our increasingly destructive global climate.  In addition to responsible garments, Kelcie melds this effort with creative design applications— each piece one of a kind. With flipped pockets on the ankle hem, an upside-down jean fit, and color-blocked seams, each design reflects a unique twist on traditional denim norms. Post Spring/ Summer 2020 presentation, Flaunt spoke with Schofield to discuss the past, present, and future of CIE Denim. Tell us about the inception of CIE. CIE was started from our two core silhouettes - our upside-down jeans and shorts. I wanted to create an item that made heads turn (literally) but could also be worn day to day. How do you aim to be a new and unique voice in the industry of denim? Every piece we come out with should have something that gives it an extra spark. We’re here to make unique investment pieces that you feel good about buying.  How do you view sustainability as an essential component of the current fashion climate? That’s exactly how I view it - an essential component. Sustainability, for me, is a non-negotiable for any new business to find success in the current climate. Since I launched CIE in 2018, there has been a noticeable change in the industry and how customers view their clothing.  What are your efforts in regards to sustainability? Explain your “slow-fashion” philosophy. I have two sustainable mediums I work with right now. The first and the essence of what built CIE is reworked vintage. Even for our knits, we reworked Hanes T-shirts. Using fully recycled materials creates an exciting challenge for each style that I enjoy working through. For the sustainably manufactured denim that we source through Naveena Mills, we do fully “new” jeans made entirely from the Naveena fabric as well as combining the new fabric with vintage materials.  How do you believe denim will evolve in years to come? I think sustainability will continue to be a driving force in the denim industry. My hope is that companies established and emerging will embrace responsible practices. It’s slowly transitioning, but it’s not quite there yet.  What’s next for CIE? More learning and growing! We plan to push the brand into unexplored territories, whether it’s new materials or new silhouettes.  Clothing: CIE Denim SS20 Photography by: Phoenix Johnson Model: Lyn Hersh Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli. Creative director Wil Beedle hosted an event in honor of AllSaints 25th anniversary.  Accompanied by musical guests such as Flaunt Fave Arsun Sorrenti, the night was a classic celebration at Chateau Marmont’s bungalow 1. Hoards of the coolest kids hung out chain smoking by the pool while a DJ set by Hateboy got the rocking crowd weirding out to some house tracks. The influence soaked crowd included Ariel Beesley, Bec Adams, Ally HilFiger, Amanda Steele, Eddie Mitsou, Gavin Turek, Finneas, Kate Parfet, Kilo Kish, Marta Pozzan, Rainsford, Salem Mitchell, Sara Cummings Zach VIlla, and a host of other Beauts. Photographed by David Vassalli. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The contemporary retail concept, Maiden Name, is the brainchild of Alix Freireich, and David Lê. While the founders met at Vassar College, they reunited to bridge a gap in the interconnected realm of e-commerce. With assistance from Jesse Hudnutt and Susan Lee, the four embark on a journey to reconnect the roots which link fashion and fine art.  Following a seasonal calendar, Maiden Name will organize its collections as an online, and interdisciplinary group show; showcasing exclusive artist collaborations alongside in-house women’s apparel. Like a chest full of curated gold, Maiden Name may hold the key to your future treasures.  In a recent conversation, Flaunt spoke with the founders to discuss the start of this forward-thinking, art formed, and eco-minded community. Tell us about the genesis of your retail concept, Maiden Name. Maiden Name really emerged out of our own sense that we didn't have a place where we loved to shop. It also came out of an acknowledgment that we spend a lot of time shopping and consuming media online, and those activities all seem to take place in the same dead, zombified e-comm context. So when we found ourselves with an opportunity to share work we love, made by people we love, alongside the apparel we make, it felt like there was an opening to use e-comm differently. We call ourselves "Maiden Name" because we want to highlight the people and stories (the "maiden names") that usually get erased when things enter the public sphere. And we wanted to keep this feminist gesture, insisting on a kind of independence, even as we credited those that came before us. Tihngs by Eric Oglander Photo by David Behl What are your thoughts on the link between fine art and fashion? We think about this a lot, in part because we need to protect the fine artists we work with, and an association with fashion can make their work seem trivial. That's just a fact, even though, by and large, we think it's bunk. We think of artist/designers like Sonia Delaunay, or photographers like Grete Stern and Ilse Bing, who all straddled the worlds of art and fashion and did great work (a full century before Sterling Ruby and Cindy Sherman!). That's why we highlight them on our Instagram @maiden.name.store. But we do recognize the need to let art and fashion excel on their own terms. We want to produce fashion that's technically perfect, that's beautiful. Our objects are freer, in some ways, to be about other things––they can be "about" history; they can be weird, or conceptual. What unifies everything is our sense of our customer's needs––they want beautiful, thoughtful, well-made clothes, and they want to collect beautiful, thoughtful, and well-made objects. What influenced the first womenswear collection? The collection draws on Alix's archival research, so it brings together 19th-century reference pieces and touches of the 1970s, modernized and rendered in high-quality materials. The Zoe Shirt, for example, is modeled on an Edwardian grandfather shirt that was still in great condition because it was made in silk. Ours is silk too, and we hope it also lasts a century. We describe the core concept as "70s Renaissance Fair," which sounds odd, but the end products are all meant to be totally wearable and versatile. We want them to be sexy and smart. And it felt like that was missing from what's out there now.   How does sustainability play a part in your collections? Sustainability is core to what we're trying to achieve. We make everything here in NYC, so it's a local supply chain. We use deadstock material, and because our production runs are so small, the wastage is minimal. More broadly, we need to slow consumption down (which is an odd thing for a fashion company to acknowledge). But we want customers to buy less and buy better. Our next step is to scale up in ways that will allow us to ensure sustainability from raw materials to end product. That's a challenge, particularly when you're small. You feature collaborative work with Paul Arnhold’s hand-blown glass and Eric Oglander’s collection of 19th and 20th-century folk art. What prompted the choice of these artists for your first collection?  Paul is a dear friend making very beautiful work here in Brooklyn. That was a no-brainer. We found Eric through his "Craigslist Mirrors" project (@craigslist_mirrors) his Instagram-based collection of images, sourced from Craigslist, of mirrors for sale. We thought that was brilliant. And his Tihngs project is too. Both Eric and Paul have such distinct points of view (and are making work that is almost diametrically opposed, formally). So they seemed like great partners to open the collection with. Indigo Vase by Paul Arnhold Photo by David Behl What are your favorite pieces from your inaugural collection? We love the Tamara Top. It almost verges into historical costume, but doesn't, and ends up being so cool. We also love the Tramp Box, which is sculptural, and modern, and old at the same time, and the Graffiti Vase, which is kind of a twisted take on Paul's other work. And we love the framed set of Leung Kui Ting prints––they look simple, but the more time you spend with them, the more you like them. That's always the real test when you collect.  How do you envision the growth of Maiden Name? I think first and foremost we want Maiden Name to build out the line beyond shirting. We also want to have more of a physical presence. It's hard to communicate something like the perfect fit, or the beauty of hand painting without having people see things in the real world. At the same time, we want to expand our digital presence and knit together a community, folding in our friends in Berlin (at the end of 2019) and then with more cities in 2020. Photography by: Matt Grubb Styling by: Gabriel Held Model: Fiffany Luu Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   While the fashion industry is backed by an insatiable appetite for the new, we find ourselves in a current climate of trying to stay well-fed, while simultaneously reminding ourselves the importance of sustainability. These three young designers have found a way to bring forth something innovative, while also holding themselves accountable. We have Bethany Williams, conceptualizing clothing with a focus on social issues, Christopher John Rogers, designing for those influencing radical change, and Emily Adams Bode, sourcing from the past to create something for the now. Interviewed by Mui-Hai Chu Photo courtesy Bethany Williams What drew to design? My love for fabric construction, and how design can be used to find solutions. I read your mom help knit and create pieces for you. Was she ever in fashion as well? She used to be a pattern cutter for factory in Liverpool,  and now she does soft furnishings and she also does my netting as well. Obviously your family is really important to you. You grew up in Liverpool?  I was born in Liverpool but then I grew up on the Isle of Man. It’s such a small tight-knit community. Loads of things are locally produced and there weren’t many main stores growing up. How do you describe your design process? It always starts with an issue I am trying to solve and then we work with a charity that tries to talk about that issue. What issues are you looking forward to promoting? I think for the next collection I’m working with a charity that makes temporary housing for women and children. Who would you say are your inspiration or muses? I love other designers like Walter Van Beirendonck I’ve been a massive fan girl for a while. Do you have any type of life inspiration outside of fashion? I do like artists like Egon Schiele. I really love his work. My inspiration is probably my family.  What do you think are the bigger challenges you face trying to be sustainable? I think sourcing is a massive one, as is pricing, and having things available. How do you decide to up-cycle a piece? How does the process come about?  It kind of depends on the project we’re doing. We will be doing the collection and there are staples that we always upcycle. I’m trying to introduce more and more. Where do you hope to see yourself in the next five years? I would like to start my own social manufacturing project in the UK. Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy  Christopher John Rogers To start at the beginning, what drew you to design?  Anime, manga, and cartoons—especially people with special powers. The ability for clothing to help people self-actualize and to give them a newfound confidence. You grew up in Louisiana. What effect, if any, did growing up in the south have on your creative evolution?   A real sense of polish and refinement is found in the South – especially in the Black Church. Spending time with my mother and grandmother in church helped me curate an eye for the finish and cut of clothing and has been an inspiration for me ever since. How would you describe your design process?  I'd describe it as visceral. Although I try to be strategic, I'm ultimately extremely influenced by my intuition, emotion, and heavily inspired by color. As a recent graduate, what is the best advice you've received from your mentors at SCAD?  Work hard and stay true to yourself. There are always people that might be more talented or more privileged than you, but hard work and humility know no bounds.  Where do you find inspiration? Everywhere! Debris on the side of the street, mid-century couture, things my friends are wearing, et You've dressed people from Cardi B to Michelle Obama. Having worked with so many influential figures, is there a lasting moment with one that stands out to you the most?  To work with a woman that's equally revered for her intellect and passion, as well as her individualistic sense of style, is definitely a highlight. My family was also extremely proud of me, so that's a plus! Where do you see the fashion industry headed in the next 5 years?  A sense of increased accountability and transparency that's come with the proliferation of social media. I think we're going to see a complete upheaval of the traditional ways of showing and interacting with fashion. Tell us about your fall collection.  Stonehenge, quinceañeras, and Dr. Seuss. What's next?  Everything! We're working on our Spring 2020 collection and are also finalists for the CFDA Vogue Fashion Fund, so we're working our tails off! Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Where are you from, and how has that made an impression on you creatively? I’m from Atlanta. My parents were from Massachusetts, so I spent a lot of time in Cape Cod. I have this juxtaposition of New England and the South. The effect Atlanta had on me was not only the southern hospitality, but a lot about celebrating craft and culture. Tell us about the moment you knew you wanted to become a designer.   In high school, I was taking extracurricular art classes, like how to draw, technical fashion. I also took a croquis drawing class, and it must’ve been junior year that I knew that I wanted to be a designer as a career choice. I went to Parsons for menswear design and I went to Eugene Lang for philosophy. In what ways does the study of philosophy and your interest in fashion design connect? I think it’s primarily the way that I come up with a narrative for the season, and what sorts of questions in culture—my culture, other people’s culture and tradition—should be asked and should be addressed. How to talk about the historical narrative around clothing, and dressing. You’re known for re-contextualizing materials in a lot of your garments, many of which are vintage textiles. How did you get into the textile portion of it? Since I was a little kid, I had been interested in buying antiques and all of the historical narratives alongside that. We would go to all of these antique markets in Atlanta, and flea markets in New England, in and around Massachusetts. Why design menswear? I went to school for it, but I’ve always been interested in designing for someone outside of myself. Tell us about your fall collection. That collection was inspired by a narrative around gallerist Todd Alden, who is an ephemera dealer in downtown New York. I worked with him and talked to him about his life, collecting, what sorts of things inspired him to collect, where he lives, history of that location, his family history, how he came to become a curator, and the moment he opened his own gallery. Where abouts do you find inspiration? Following the life of someone and their relationship to objects, the domestic space, and the traditions that have shaped their lifestyle. Do you ever see yourself getting into womenswear? Not right now. We have a bunch of stores that pick it up as women’s, but it is traditionally a menswear brand. In the future maybe we’ll have a different conversation around that. What’s next?  Right now, we’re working on production, but really building out our own manufacturing space. Most of the collections we make in New York is made in our own studio, so building that out is the next step.  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Images courtesy Bethany Williams. Images courtesy Christopher John Rogers. Images courtesy Emily Adams Bode.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. A brand that makes style, comfort, and practicability a priority while making sure to evoke confidence, Knorts recently launched a new collection called, Scarlet Knorts. Color is the main factor of enhancing the garments’ attributes. Traditionally, Knorts has used the color blue which represents calmness, coolness, stability, and reliability, which are all components of confidence and is the signature color of their denim wear.  Knorts’ new capsule collection, Scarlet Knorts, incorporates the feelings associated with the color red. This collection aims to evoke strength, warmth, comfort, love, and power into the customers’ everyday life. Befitting to their aim, these characteristics can also support the feeling of confidence. There are future plans to create more color capsules to keep both the brand and wearers in an emotional equilibrium. This launch is partially used to spread awareness about California fires with 10% of proceeds from the Scarlet Knorts collection being donated to fire aid services.  Shop the new collection here    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   As I walk in the flagship Messika store, I’m greeted with smiles, macarons and diamonds. Immediately I felt that I had entered a world of femininity and style. The pieces are beautiful and delicate, yet powerful. Messika is an iconic jewelry brand worn by celebrities like  Rhianna, Penelope Cruz, and even Serena Williams during her training session. Valerie Messika, founder of the brand, created the trend of “everyday diamonds.” Much of Valérie’s inspiration comes from art, playing with a Calder sculpture in her father's office, absorbing from his collection various details of line, movement, color, composition, which have shaped her overall sense of form and proportion. I got the opportunity to chat with Valarie and try on some of the most gorgeous pieces of jewelry I’ve ever seen.  Why did you choose LA for your flagship store?  We are a family business so we are very intuitive and organic on how we do our business. We met a partner here in Los Angeles called Westime. They are very strong in the jewelry and watch industry. They work with Richard Mille and Audemars Piguet. They are also strong with red carpets in Hollywood so we decided it would be a good idea to open our first flagship store here. What do you hope the new store will bring to the brand?  I’m so excited because I can smell that the Americans in this area love jewelry. But they want something easy to wear, cool and light. This is the Messika philosophy; bringing a coolness to wearing jewelry that is very fine and delicate.  The workmanship and quality of the diamond is the top, but it’s cool. You can enjoy it and wear it everyday or on a big occasion. You can mix it with a casual or sophisticated style.  What was it like having Kate Moss as a muse? The moment I launched my brand 15 years ago I knew she was my muse and inspiration. She's really iconic for me. She embodies femininity, fashion and style. When I launched my brand and the philosophy I wanted to break the traditional code of jewelry. It was made for big occasions, but I wanted to make it apart of fashion and style. That’s why women like Kate Moss are so strong for me.   How would you explain the woman in the street wearing Messika?  The strength of Messika is that the women wearing it range from 18 to 70 years old. I love when I see different types of women wearing it with different styles. It’s not that we are putting a logo on the woman. We can see the personality and the style they embody with the pieces. It’s not about how rich or strong you are. It’s about the feeling and attitude that you have with your own style. It gives you self-confidence.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On Wednesday we celebrated Benetton’s new pop up shop in Santa Monica with prosecco and polaroids. Benetton Group is one of the best-known fashion companies in the world with a network of about 5,000 stores and a headquarters in Ponzano Veneto. The brand is known for its bright colors, the revolution of the retail outlet, and their unique sales network.  The new collections embody both the old and the new, featuring an exciting fusion of its classic colorful style with its newer streetwear-inspired elements. The artistic direction of Jean-Charles de Castelbajac, who is known for his iconic teddy bear coat worn by Madonna and portraits of Andy Warhol, shines through the recent collections. He recently united with the Benetton Group earlier this year, which was announced at Milan Fashion Week. He announced backstage that “The DNA of Benetton and mine have many similarities…this meeting between us is happening at the right moment, too, because this idea that desirable things can be of good quality and be affordable to many people is very interesting now…Benetton has been sleeping a little bit. But it has all this sleeping potential. And its base is very strong.”  Bring some color into your life and visit the pop up open from October 25 through November 24th!  Santa Monica Place Floor 1  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Courtesy Hublot With Halloween around the corner, Hublot stirred the cauldron to create a sapphire and emerald green Big Bang MP-11 watch. To give it its unique shade of green (not quite emerald and not quite sapphire), they used a material that has never been used in a watchcase. The material is called SAXEM, which is short for sapphire aluminum oxide and rare earth material. It is a mixture of aluminum oxide (the basic component of sapphire) with rare-earth elements like thulium and holmium.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   KAIMIN is the raising utopian brand initiating the posterity of attire. With a foundation of innovation and inclusivity, the namesake designer may well be sent from the future— sent back a couple of hundred years to propel the industry forward. Harnessing the power of the digital space, and the resourcefulness of sustainability, KAIMIN crafts intergalactic garments with a cunning dose of raunchiness. In a recent interview, Flaunt spoke with the avant-garde designer to discuss the evolution of the label, cyberspace, and the forecast of tech-induced fashion.  Tell us about the creation of the brand with your business partner Dmitri Pchelintsev. My initial foray into clothing design came in 2014 with the Zero Zero Vol. 02 project – a multi-sensory, high-tech video popup exhibition with an installation by Snarkitecture, which I was the protagonist of and also directed alongside stylist Nicola Formichetti and photographer Miles Aldridge. We had the honor of presenting the Vol. 02 book at my beloved Paris store, Colette. As part of that project, I created a stand-alone clothing capsule for the female character, and a very prominent singer ended up wearing some of my pieces in her music video. I felt compelled to create a full collection, and my very good friend Dmitri, who helped produce that very pivotal Zero Zero project, really believed in me as a designer, so we formed the KAIMIN label together in 2016. Dmitri is a creative marketer and business operator who happens to have a very strong background in finance, having spent many years at some of Wall Street's premier institutions investing in renewables, green-tech, and sustainability. Having helped grow several tech-enabled startups, he now oversees all of KAIMIN's business strategy and operations, while leading our expansion as a digitally-native brand, including the recent launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line.  How have innovation and inclusivity played essential roles in the brand? Innovation and inclusivity go hand-in-hand for me, as tolerance for new and crossover ideas breeds progress. KAIMIN leans heavily on technology in everything we do, and aesthetically we work with all types of creatives, communities, and personalities because anyone can uncover something new and beautiful, irrespective of age, race, and gender.  Besides using innovative materials, production techniques, and data analytics, the brand benefits from social media's global reach and the unprecedented direct access to talent that it affords. The Internet is a boundless creative nursery of young innovators that come from all different realms, including art, fashion, music – we love and fully utilize this cross-functionality. I grew up an outlier in a homogeneous society, so I feel my clothes have to speak to things beyond style and promote ideals that are important to me, including social and economic inclusivity, as I feel everyone deserves a voice. In addition to connecting through unrestrained creativity, I try to make items that are more accessible, including from an economic standpoint, and which still adhere to my design and high-quality philosophy – we launched SLFF KAIMIN exactly for this. What facets of New York's underground scene make appearances in your garments? The New York underground scene has this alluring aura of the forbidden, with sexier and darker undertones and the sense of a risque adventure that is addicting. During our SS20 show, for instance, we contrasted the primarily bright and colorful collection with a very dark and sexy setting, aiming for the set design to evoke a feeling of an underground party with red backlighting and a minimal, heavy electronic soundtrack. NYC subculture is edgy, extremely diverse, and creative and demonstrates some of the greatest social acceptance anywhere in the world, which really allows me to meld it with high fashion in a fun way. I love working with established as well as cool new, up-and-coming artists and personalities that grew up in this environment— I draw a lot of inspiration here for my design, music, lifestyle, and the overall direction for KAIMIN. The digital world is a key influence to the brand, hence your Fall/ Winter 2019 collection, "2081: CYBER-ORDINARY". What were your main inspirations and references for that season? Our Fall/ Winter 2019 collection explored archetypes of future beauty and was heavily influenced by such films as Blade Runner and Ex-Machina, specifically their protagonists – androids and cyborgs. I'm a total believer in the eventual symbiosis of man and machine.  In large part, that collection was about defeating the mundane and exploring and strengthening that which sets one apart, no matter the era. If today's fever pitch around privacy, sexual correctness, censorship, etc. ever leads to a dystopian control of self-expression, I'd want my clothes to declare: "when the extraordinary is outlawed, only the outlaws will be extraordinary." What's your view on cyberspace and it's distraction from the real world? I think we're in uncharted waters, and we won't be able to properly assess how good or bad this "distraction" from the real world is for a while, if ever. The cyber is already the real. There are definitely multiple ways to look at this, and it's certainly also a generational thing— just look at the debate around "screen time" for kids among young parents and scientists and the interesting arguments presented by media proponents, including Gary Vaynerchuk. All I know is that this is the manifestation of human progress, and there's no way back regardless, but to me, the benefits outweigh the potential hazards. We are now superbly equipped for improved communication and increased input – although, where the quality of consumed content, general overexposure, and the "3-second" wars are going is a different question.  For KAIMIN, Elon Musk's Neuralink can't arrive fast enough! What were your conceptions involving the recent Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, "INTROSPECTIVE PRISM"? This season, our main collection shared the runway with the launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line, which celebrates self-confidence and self-expression. The overall creative direction was influenced by the sub-conscience theories of Sigmund Freud and films like Annihilation, aiming to expose inner fears to release suppressed identity and desires— literal empowerment through self-discovery.  The collection explores two distinct notions for evolution of human form – through technology and through biological mutation. From the outside, the driver is mechanical – artificial furthering of self via machine. From the inside, the driver is bio-spiritual-- the natural furthering of self via selective mutation of flesh and mind— a physical metamorphosis through the unrestrained self. This season's motto is: "Introspective Prism – Refract all versions of self, Mutate desire and identity, Evolve in spirit and form." With our current climate reality, how do you plan to focus the brand on a more sustainable level? Being on the cutting edge is important to us to both achieve a futuristic design and to help push progress, validating applications of new technologies. We always keep an eye on the new tech that has shown promise in helping to lower the environmental impact of manufacturing, and we try to do our part by using many recycled, sustainable, and organic materials, including Better Cotton Initiative fabrics in our SLFF KAIMIN denim line. As we grow, we will continue to place greater emphasis on better production practices, safer materials, and less waste. Explain some of the laser cutting, production techniques, and 3-D print experiments that are implemented throughout your garment construction process. KAIMIN utilizes quite a bit of technology for manufacturing, content production, and branding, including 3D printing, laser cutting, digital art, AR/VR, motion tracking, etc. and we always seek to emphasize our future-forward thinking in our designs. For garment construction, we use some techniques because they create unexpected and groundbreaking visual results, while other methods actually make sense from a time and capital-intensity perspective.  We're pushing the brand's tech boundaries with the "Stratasys x KAIMIN" 3D-Print Denim Capsule Collection— the first time ever an industrial-quality 3D geometry is printed directly onto denim. We designed the intricate CGI geometry, multi-depth opacity, and colormap in collaboration with Fitchwork to make the final print. Stratasys are pioneers in the additive manufacturing space and have some of the most advanced 3D printing technology in the industry, accompanied by an inherent desire to experiment and come up with something new and cool. They wish to make everyday life better by bringing 3D printing technology to a greater part of the world faster and disrupting the fashion realm is quite big on the radar of Stratasys global creative director, Naomi Kaempfer— so what better way to help assimilate and democratize the tech for clothing than with one of the most common garments, jeans! How do you envision the future of fashion norms? I'd like to think that the future will bring abundance and innovation not just in the material sense but also in our culture and thinking, where humans will finally reach total equilibrium with nature, and each other— no prejudices— and KAIMIN clothing is but one way to represent this future. Like everything else in our society, fashion will continue to be transformed by technology, faster and more accessible information transfer, and diverse global audiences. This, of course, means a lot will change in fashion's tangible areas, like materials with never-before-imagined physical properties, more efficient production techniques, the continued proliferation of smart garments, and increased expectations of what clothing should do for the body and mind. But, to me, the most interesting changes are already occurring on the more intangible, creative side. People's unprecedented ability to communicate who they are has opened up new frontiers. In only a few years, social media exposed how varied yet similar and interconnected different cultures' tastes are, and how people of all walks of life can become influential by traversing these different planes. Being skilled in multiple areas has become the norm for many young creatives today, and this 'polymathism' affects fashion a lot. There are so many cross-functional innovators out there, and fashion definitely benefits from this, becoming more interesting and multifaceted.  What's next for KAIMIN? KAIMIN's mission is to keep innovating ourselves and keep collaborating with people that push the boundaries across the various artistic disciplines and product segments. We want to be more cross-functional and would love to do more than just fashion, even if it's in a more non-permanent format like seasonal collaborations. I wish to meet and inspire more people and to learn from them so we can all come up with a never-before-seen symbiosis of unlikely fields that not only is cool but also could change lives for the better and bring signature KAIMIN flavor to people in more than one way. With that said, I hope to continue building our artistic community and form a creative confluence platform – a culture nebula for local and global artists – to support innovation. To that end, we have already established an endowment fund some time ago, via our Zero Zero Project initiative, which periodically disperses funds to help finance targeted projects. And in that same vein, KAIMIN presented the SS20 show in collaboration with Studio 525, an iconic exhibition & event space housed in the former Andrea Rosen Art Gallery in Chelsea, as the inaugural project for Studio 525 Art Accelerator, which has a very similar vision to ours and aims to provide a physical place for work and showcases to artists and the creative community in general. Produced by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: : Franco Velastiqui Art Direction by: Delfina Pia Rey Styling by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Kevin Cheah Model: Cassie Priestley at Next Models. Styling assistance by: Sabrina Aguirre and Mila Sanguinetti  Credits: FW19 KAIMIN clothing, and GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI heels. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. MAX MARA dress, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. VERSACE dress, earrings, and rings and AGENT PROVOCATEUR underwear. ETRO dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, B-LOW THE BELT belt, and NANCY NEWBERG earrings. HALPERN dress, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring, and ERINESS ring. MAX MARA sweater and dress, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. PREEN BY THORNTON BREGAZZI dress, B-LOW THE BELT belt and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings. ALESSANDRA RICH dress and necklace and MIU MIU earrings all available at MatchesFashion.com, and NANCY NEWBERG rings. AGENT PROVOCATEUR slip dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace and ring, ALINA ABEGG earrings, and STATE PROPERTY pearl ring. ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER dress and scarf, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings and ring. PALOMO SPAIN jacket available at Please Do Not Enter, LA, ALINA ABEGG ring, and MISHO earring. Photographer: Vince M. Aung.  Model: Inga Dezhina. Stylist: Mui-Hai Chu.  Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co. & Oribe Hair Care at Nest Artists.  Makeup: Natasha Severino using NARS Cosmetics at Forward Artists.  Production, Photo, and Styling Assistant: Corrine Ciani Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Being Sustainably responsible in 2019 now means making some changes with how designers are choosing their resources. The female founders behind 42|54 and long time friends Elodie Ouedraogo and Olivia Borlee are both Belgian Gold metal athletes, and now business partners who strongly believe in that type of fashionably responsible involvement. It took them two a clean 42.54 seconds to win a Silver Medal at the Olympic Games in Beijing 2008. That Silver medal turned into Gold, when the winning team was disqualified due to a failed drug test. It was abundantly clear that dirty athletes have no place in sports. That’s when the Gold medalists decided they wanted to make a change. “Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes!” The contemporary active label launched its first 100% sustainable FW19 capsule collection  made of plastic bottles and recycled ocean waste. They believe that great design should also be sustainable. The brand teamed up with renowned textile companies who propose fabrics made from a fiber called SEAQUAL and NEWLIFE recycled from ocean plastics to create the new high-end "made from waste" active wear line that asserts the modern streetwear appeal.  The founders make a conscious effort to be an honest and transparent brand, by largely working with local manufacturers and suppliers.  Elodie and Olivia’s next steps will also be 100% sustainable using organic yarns working with GOTS (Global Organic Textile Standards) certified factories, hang tags produced with recycled paper along with recycled fabrics developed with fibers using the oceans waste and plastic bottles. They both are devoted to giving a second life to stock and leftover fabrics from previous productions along with biodegradable packaging. The The fashion-forward duo provide advanced functionality while calling themselves a "100% sustainable company in the way we work, produce, and live." Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. What was your biggest fear about starting your own line? We believe there are a lot of similarities between the world of sports and fashion. It is about being fearless,  following the process put in place while listening to your gut feeling at the same time to achieve the absolute best. It is about taking a leap of faith in yourself, your partner and your idea. For us creating an activewear collection that was high-end, transcendent  and made in honest and transparent conditions Felt like a void that needed to be filled within our community. There was a clear vision, which was bring some fun and fashion back into the world of sports without ignoring the functional and technical side of the garments. When we decided to launch 42|54, a reference to our winning time during the 2008 Olympics, we didn't really think about it as we both love a great challenge. We just jumped, head first.  There was a lack of experience. (We had both been guest designers for other brands, but came quickly to the realization that this doesn't even come close to owning and managing a brand.)  With that lack of real experience sometimes came also the fear of not being taken seriously. In the beginning we went probably over prepared into ever meeting we had. Not only out of respect for the person sitting in front of us, but also because we wanted to show that we were serious about entrepreneurship.  That we understood that there are no shortcuts to success Initially we also didn't communicate a lot about our backstory either. We didn't want to be perceived as two women who were the faces of the brand, while having an entire team waiting in the back to do the real and hard work. From the beginning we sourced every fabric, button, zipper, label or elastic band you'll find in our collection. Through (sometimes) expensive mistakes and failure we learned a lot. And today we are an authentic brand and a viable business because of it. Aside from the activewear, what other sustainable efforts are being practiced within your company? 42|54 has always been mindful of how and where we produce. After having represented our country in the best way possible in sports it only seemed logical to carry out the strong identity and values that Belgium has created with 'The Antwerp Six' in the world of fashion. We worked a lot with local suppliers. This put our brand already at a 50% of sustainability, solely based on the business decisions we made from the very beginning. Last year we were able to evolve in our sustainable journey by replacing already locally created fabrics by sustainable ones. We also adapted our online service by working with Repack. Repack is a company that offers reusable bags. For every bag clients return to us after their purchase, they receive a small discount. We on the other hand can recover the packaging for a new customer. Additionally we switched to biodegradable labels, we don't use plastic bottles in the office and work with a cleaning company that only uses natural and biological cleaning products. All the employees who live in Brussels, where we are based, walk or take their bike to work.  What was the moment or person that inspired you to produce your own line? We have always looked up to and been inspired by strong female athletes and more so in the 80's and 90's. These were absolute fun times where athletes didn't only stand out with their extraordinary performances, but also by the way the dressed on the field. Women like Florence Griffith and Jackie Joyner-Kersee wore leotards, belted bodysuits, one-legged  and lace leggings. They highlighted their personalities with exciting, daring activewear.  But of course we don't have to look too far. We are surrounded by strong women. Our mothers, sisters, friends and colleagues. 42I54 is built by women, who work very hard every day to create the best possible collection for women. Our sustainable mission on the other hand comes from a very personal experience.  We initially won a silver medal during the Olympic Games in 2008. Eight years later that silver eventually turned into gold when that winning team was disqualified due to substance abuse discovered during a large series of retesting.  This had a major impact on the on athletes worldwide. And while many of us became strong advocates for clean, drug free sports we are less outspoken when it comes to clothes we wear while performing. We felt this too has to change.  Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes.  Sportswear made in honest conditions and without the environmental strain it has today. We can no longer only applaud recognition and financial gain while wearing our low cost shirts. Because someone, somewhere is suffering because of it. Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Just for fun, what are your zodiac signs? Aries and Pisces What are you wanting to accomplish in 2020 with 42|54? It has always been our goal to become the brand that serves as today’s personal survival-kit and Wonder Woman cape all wrapped into one fashion-forward label for all women. 42|54 is for the young women we help through our 'Athlete Ambassador Program'. By supporting them with well made performance gear, we support their dreams of one day becoming professional athletes. Often big brands want to see results first and will later support in anyway possible. We believe talent need’s to be nurtured when  personal budgets are insignificant or non-existent. Today we are proud to announce that 3 women from our ambassadors program will participate in next year’s Olympic and Paralympic Games. We are most definitely also the go-to brand for women who like to have something that is different. Today many women try and balance a career, family and personal time. Finding an outfit that accommodates that lifestyle can be quite the search. The idea to have a legging that has the advanced functionality you'd expect from activewear, yet the high-end look and feel that makes it chic enough to wear outside the gym is very appealing to a lot of women. A winning combination we can offer to our women as we can pull from our own experience and expertise. On top of the need to be unique or different, women want to be informed on what they are putting both in and on their bodies today. Furthermore we would like to continue to develop our sustainable journey and dress as many great women in the US as we possibly can.  We had the opportunity to visit LA recently and it is inspiring to see how a city has succeeded into merging sports into the everyday life. It embodies the definition of an 'active lifestyle'. What were your childhood ambitions? Elodie: I always wanted to be a hairdresser or own my own cafe. That was until I realized that being a bar owner entails more than just serving great coffee. Olivia: I wanted to be a florist. I think I have always been inspired by beauty and making beautiful things. In what place are you the happiest? Most productive? The school of Sports is a great one to graduate from. Being professional athletes has taught us many life lessons. It teaches you to be independent,  winning, losing and how to persevere. Through our careers as professional athletes we have had the privilege of seeing a part of the world and experiencing different cultures and people. We are very appreciative that to this day we get to travel for work from time to time and see our designs come to life in our factory. Funnily enough, the traveling in the past also taught us the importance of home. And how it remains the happiest place for us. It is also where we get most creative. Before we were able to rent our own office space we used to work out of the kitchen. Today we still come up with the best ideas when we are surrounded by the feeling of familiarity. So thank God for WhatsApp these days. How do you live a sustainable life outside of the company? It is important to stress that we are by no means green warriors or examples of how to live a sustainable life. But we 100% get the message and understand the urge to react today. We all have different battles to fight in life but we are convinced that with little effort we can already make  a big difference. A few changes that we have made:  -no to fast fashion; buying less clothes and smarter -no more plastic bottles and additionally be more mindful of the use of plastic in general -buying fresh and seasonal fruit and vegetables instead of pre-packed food,  -reusing the same bag instead of buying a new one for groceries,  -sort trash -the use of natural cosmetics -leave our cars in the garage if not needed  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Published for the first time and celebrating 50 years since the works were created, ‘DESIRE’ by Lloyd Ziff documents New York City in the late 1960s. Ziff’s work captures a New York teeming with fantasy and rebellion. The book tells a story of cultural resistance through Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe.  ‘DESIRE’ was the first photo shoot that Patti and Robert had together. The two of them were photographed in their Hall Street Space in Brooklyn in 1968 and in Ziff’s small apartment in the heart of Greenwich Village in 1969. The book features 65 previously unpublished works including street photographs, original contact sheets, and notes that form the history around 1960s New York and the lives of these two iconic figures. The intimacy between the two paints a picture of the city at this time, pushing their icon status aside to view the city with a more personal lens. 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff “I myself never felt comfortable doing anything with the pictures. Then in 2009 Patti phoned and asked me for permission to publish two of the Hall Street portraits in JUST KIDS, the first portraits of them together she noted. 41 years had passed. . . Robert and Patti had become legendary. Robert and I had remained friends until he died in 1989, and I had enjoyed commissioning and publishing photographs of his when I was the Design Director of House & Garden, Vanity Fair, and Condé Nast Traveler in the ’80s. Now it’s been 50+ years since I happened to see Robert and Patti crossing the street near their place in Brooklyn. The photographs we shot then are, as are all photographs, documents of a particular moment in time. They have also become documents of a time when two of America’s most important artists were very young, very beautiful, and very ambitious. It amazes me to share those moments from so long ago today.” – Lloyd Ziff, 2019 100 “Strictly Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff, with a “Limited Edition” signed and numbered C-Type print. 500 “Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff. Available now Photos courtesy of Lloyd Ziff and Avenue Communications  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker. HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  FALGUNI SHANE PEACOCK bodysuit, HARDEMAN chaps, BUSTED BRAND gloves, PLANET I sunglasses, and MELODY EHSANI earrings and DALMATA choker. It’s been just over a year since Doja Cat’s “Mooo!” swept the screens of millions across the globe. And unless you’ve been living under a rock, the American singer, rapper and producer begs no further introduction. With that said, in case you have in fact been dwelling beneath stone, then you should know that the future of music is Doja’s for the taking. With her 2018 claim-to-fame music video sitting atop 50M views on YouTube, and her most recent visual release for “Juicy,” featuring Tyga, breaking 20M in two weeks, the musician’s growth is unshakeable, having cemented her place through sweet sonics and visuals that pack a punch. As she so bluntly claims over the phone from her apartment in Los Angeles, “It’s only the beginning. I feel like I really know who I am and what I’m doing with my next project.” The bovine-style music video released last August would eventually flourish into a viral meme. “I didn’t mean for ‘Mooo!’ to get as big as it did,” she admits. “I had more serious music to put out, I’d been working on so much other stuff, but once I put the cow costume on, I had to do it. It was the only way I could get it out of my head,” she explains. Within days of the abrupt upload to YouTube, the video had racked millions of views. The dairy dreamscape was by no means Doja’s introduction to the music industry. In fact, she had been signed to RCA Records since 2014, after the successful release of her debut single, “So High.” From there, she followed up with several tracks, including “Go To Town,” off of her debut studio album in 2018. “Before ‘Mooo!,’ we hadn’t really gotten any viral hits, or had any hits, period. We were doing okay, but things weren’t at their fullest potential. That was the most significant part about ‘Mooo!’ going where it did—it allowed all my other work to have a foundation and have a pull.” Taking a moment to consider the past whirlwind year, she reasons, “Since ‘Mooo!’ blew up, it’s been kind of non-stop. I don’t know if it’s really allowed me to reflect, but I feel like I’ve refined my style and refined who I am. I kind of have to have the spotlight on me.” MATT SARAFA coat and GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses. MATT SARAFA coat, ABODI bodysuit and boots, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and NOÄ earrings. The spotlight she speaks of shines focused and fixed, with no intention of moving elsewhere, but as a consistent subject of such recognition, Doja Cat has experienced two sides to the coin that is internet fame. Since its inception, the Internet has proven an untamable beast, and the environment it has bred has developed twice as feral. Through public domains like Tumblr to TikTok, and YouTube to Twitter, a vast stretch of subcultures and trends have been cultivated. On opposite poles of this digital sphere, there stands viral fame and cancel culture. It’s no secret that the musician has faced multiple controversies regarding comments she’s made online, and it’s even less of a secret that the public is quick to mobilize on social media. After old tweets resurfaced of the artist using derogatory terms towards other rappers, a rallied audience of critics made it its mission to take her down. Admittedly hurt by some of the criticisms, she reasons, “I’m not invincible, I do get hurt by some comments. I’m not superhuman.” Immediately requiting, she follows up with, “But being raised on the Internet gives me the ability to know how to deal with negativity most of the time.” Then, at once in a final stride, she claims of her presence online, “It’s just a small portion of my life.” And just like that, if we’ve learned anything in 2019, it’s that you can’t cancel Doja Cat. HARDEMAN top, thong, and hat, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and DALMATA necklace. Fresh off the release of a new music video with LunchMoney Lewis for “Make That Cake,” while still riding the success of “Juicy,” she’s traveling cross country for performances and appearances on a weekly basis. In the age of virality, such sustainability is impressive. That said, she’s in no way the first artist to have a viral hit catapult their work to an unfamiliar stratosphere of celebrity, and certainly not the last. We’ve seen fellow musical phenoms like Mason Ramsey and Megan Thee Stallion reap the benefits of a trending tweet and hashtag or two. Could it just be that we’re experiencing the dawning of a new age in music? An educated guess would reason, yes. With democratized media-sharing platforms like Spotify and SoundCloud, there’s been an inevitable boom in bedroom pop-stardom. Not only that, but with the increasing irrelevance of labels across younger generations, classification proves less important in not only topics of gender, but music, too. Lines blur across styles nowadays, with artists coloring the outsides more than ever. In attempts to maintain order through categorical standards, we see the term “Alternative” tacked onto the classic genres we’ve come to know. I LOVE PRETTY skirt. I LOVE PRETTY skirt and BUFFALO LONDON shoes. Prompted to describe her forthcoming record, Hot Pink, in three words, she replies with little to no hesitation: “Too. Many. Genres.” Declining a subscription to any one breed of song, the response points to her exploration of sound, a progression of her euphony, and the future of music. “My last record is a lot different from this one because I didn’t understand what it was to be in the studio and in an environment where there’s a bunch of musical equipment,” Doja shares, candidly. “I was young, I was a teenager and I really didn’t know who I was. My character wasn’t really shining the way it does now. I can tell you Hot Pink is one of the best things I’ve done, the best project I will have ever released.” Then, implored to divulge more about the release in detail, she retracts to the previously implemented three-word limit: “Super, duper, mystery.” So while Doja—who won the world over with an onomatopoeia in 2018—makes a favorable case for the future of music today, her own music remains as ambiguous as it does full of promise. Photographed by: Julian Buchan.  Styled by: Katie Qian.  Hair: Frankie Payne using Oribe at Opus Beauty.  Makeup: Jadyn Ngo using Surratt Beauty and Artisbrush.com at The Visionaries. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj Photos by Steven Klein Think metallic, high-end glamour with a neon pink accent. Think barbie doll in outer-space. This iconic FENDI and Nicki Minaj collaboration is the perfect combination of bold yet sophisticated.  Teaming up with Silvia Venturini Fendi, the duo created the next chapter of the FF Series with a line for women’s, men’s and kids: FENDI Prints On. Nicki is known for her body-hugging clothing and most of the line is just that, but she beautifully contrasts it with leisurewear and classy pieces. With the FF logo covering the majority of the print, this line is nothing but eye-catching.  They took staple pieces that everyone needs in their wardrobe and added their own flare to it such as:  tulle dresses, reversible puffer coats, asymmetric body-con dresses, raincoats with leather sleeves, silver tracksuits, bomber jackets with knitted sleeves and metallic windbreakers.  This collection would not be complete without some daring accessories, and that is exactly what they have provided us. They have everything from sequined bags and fanny packs to customized snow boots and wedge trainers. These accessories will take any outfit to the next level.  They went above and beyond and created a collection that embodied Nicki’s personality along with high-end fashion and street style.  The FENDI Prints On capsule collection will be sold in 52 FENDI boutiques worldwide and on fendi.com from October 14th.  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj   Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj                    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   69 shirt, JEAN PAUL KNOTT pants available at Please Do Not Enter, and NIKE shoes.   Brooklyn born and LA based producer and artist, Kingdom, is bringing back is clubby and unique dance music to the industry. With two new EPs, the first one called “EXTERRA, Vol. 1,” on the way and an album coming in 2020, he is back in the realm of dance music, but keeping true to his innovative style.  All the way from the east coast, Kingdom was booked to perform in LA in the early 2000s, which gave him a foot in the door to the west coast’s music scene. From here, he has continued to expand his musical capacity and does not abide by genres or any type of limitation; with experimental taste and a desire to create, he strives to generate music that he loves and that the audience can appreciate/value.  He was kind enough to join me for a phone interview in which I asked many questions, hoping to find out more about him as a person and his career.  I know that Nacho Nava kind of helped bring you to LA, how did he influence you? I was DJing a lot in New York, but he was the first person to put me on a flight and bring me to the west coast to DJ. I think that the influence he really has is that he was putting people on like me who didn’t have any other shows or have a lot of hype or a lot of press or anything like that. He really just believed in the new talent and was always just so generous with that regardless of how well the show did or anything like that. It was really just like he was excited to put people on and it never seemed like it was something he was doing for his own to serve his own interest. It really was something he was doing for the community in LA. Specifically, influential in creating a really special scene on the eastside of LA. I think most people will associate like the gay scene with the west side, West Hollywood scene, which is so specific and there really wasn’t much going on on the eastside maybe a couple bars, but he was the first to create a really vibrant night life scene that involved art and dance and all different kinds of Djs of all different races, but also it wasn’t just a community vibe, it was also like he was bringing really really good music and reall really amazing performers, so it also drew in just from straight people music fans who knew that Mustache would have more edgy stuff, so it wasn’t just creating an alternative it was also just about quality. He had such a good eye for innovative stuff.  FENG CHEN WANG jacket available at Please Do Not Enter and ALLIGATOR JESUS bracelet. What was it like working with Nacho Nava cause I know you guys were working on a Netflix show together. Working with him was always a pleasure. He was always just so sweet so generous and he was just a great figure and really supportive of my label and my parties too. He would always, without me even asking, support a face of mine or event that I was doing that had nothing to do with Mustache. He was always so sweet. More recently, that’s actually kind of why the music video is dedicated to Nacho because basically I met the video director through Nacho. Nacho put us together in a conference call and basically we started talking and they had planned to bring some type of documentary for Netflix about kind of the more alternative more POC side of LA nightlife, specifically gay nightlife and queer nightlife. It was really just in the early stages of talk. We really didn’t get it off the ground, but Shahana, the director, was gonna obviously be on the director’s side and working on the shots and the camera stuff and all that. They wanted me to come in and add music to it, but essentially throw in some different raves and help bring in music so that we could create some events to film because there’s not, sadly there’s not a lot of footage of a lot of the old Mustache parties. They’re relatively undocumented, so that was the idea, but I think when he passed Shahana felt like it didnt’t make sense to pursue it still. It really was Nacho’s project. It was really just a conversation, but even just that concept was inspirational and meeting the director is kind of what spawned us to create the music video together in honor of him.  It seems like Nacho has been really influential to kind of your start here in LA and the music scene, but has he influenced your work at all kind of like maybe the beats you decide to use or the music has he influenced any of it? Since he’s not a musician or DJ himself I wouldn’t say it’s a direct influence on the actual sound. I’d say he’s more of an influence when it comes to throwing parties and bringing people together in the community and just showing people kindness and more of the things I spoke about a moment ago. Just about the social element of music more than the sound exactly, but I know the sound he likes and I think he had an appreciation for the sounds I work with.  MEALS shirt and pants. How does it feel to be in the genre again? It feels really good. I feel like with my last album Tears in the Club I was in a very kind of like atmospheric moody RnB space and ever since that album came out I’ve been doing more vocal production, working with singers, and I worked really hard launching the new singer that signed to Fade to Mind called Semma, so I’ve been really in that zone of creating something for vocalists and when I’m doing that I sometimes put aside exactly the Kingdom sound and I’m trying to create a universe for the singer that gives them a unique identity. It’s just a totally different assignment. It’s a different thing and it’s a different lifestyle too. It’s a lot of hours spent helping singers songwrite and it definitely tested my patience a lot of the time because I’ve spent quite a bit of time with several vocalists making demos for their projects and singers make hundreds of demos to test their project. A lot of time your beat doesn’t get picked or they go in a different direction or sometimes the vocalist is just caught up in other stuff and they don’t even release something. I might have been so in that world, so it was really refreshing to just kind of stop accepting bookings to do vocal sessions and I think it was kind of a reaction to doing all those vocal sessions that made me really want to just get back into my more ravey, clubby, housey references and it’s kind of also where I started. My first release ever, “Mind Reader,” was very kind of hard, weird, dance stuff, so I’m kind of going back and starting from scratch and starting from the beginning again and it just feels really good. I’m just excited to put stuff that’s more high energy and I’m DJing a lot right now, so it’s exciting to just play things that I can blend and just be kind of weird again cause I think working with vocalists it’s a lot more compromises, a lot more catering to them.  Do you have any inspirations for creating music, like are there any other artists that you look towards to or does everything just come from within? There’s definitely artists I look up to. Sometimes I freeze with the question because there’s so many that I have. I would have to say Rod Lee, Terror Danjah, and Darkchild. YOSHIO KUBO jacket and stylist’s own glasses. Would you ever mix different genres together like if you did RnB and dance music? Or is that something that you’ve already ventured into before?   Even though I do make some fully RnB sounding stuff, I kind of think that’s really what I’m known for even though the new stuff is pretty clubby, but I think you can still hear these little shreds of like the vocal stuff, the vocal samples. I think that RnB element is always there. That’s pretty much my mission, either I’m weaving back and forth or I’m weaving them together just kind of RnB sound with the club sound. For the next volume, I’m making another volume of the EXTERRA series and that one’s either gonna have more of the vocal stuff in it and I’m also working on my next album. I’ve got a lot of homework right now. I’m bringing in more vocal stuff as it progresses from my EP to my next album.  In regards to the vocal production, is there anything you look for in an artist when you want them to be on one of your songs? I love weird vocal textures. I just love when someone has a baby voice or has a strange croaky texture or has certain types of node that they like to hit. Just something that sets it apart because there’s so many people that sound so similar. And someone who’s not afraid of intense rhythm cause I think a lot of singers come from the studio wanting a really simple beat or something that sounds like their favorite, you know, Ella Mai song or like H.E.R. song or maybe a Corella song they heard or something, so I think someone who is down to get experimental and doesn’t mind sampling their voice. I’m especially also just addicted to high voices. I love falsetto. I’m known for working with women, which is my favorite working with female vocals. If I’m working with a guy he definitely has to be able to channel his feminine side. I don’t really like to work with men who wanna sing about the macho shit on the mic like I’m way more into men who are singing. you know explore both sides  MEALS jacket and pants. Do you have a certain process of producing or like how do you kind of create your songs? I’ve always been a drummer, so I feel like when I’m on my own making beats I always start with drums and just playing with different drum sounds and I finally, after years of not doing it, started to create my own drum kits and drum packs, so I have my own custom samples that I’m playing around with. When it comes to singers usually they’ll just freestyle over an existing beat. With Sema, the artist I recently signed to my label, she was one of the first people that I really just improvised with and sometimes she would just come in and she would start singing something first, so that’s a totally different process like kind of working in reverse and working from what her voice is doing.  Do you have any stories of the first time you met MikeQ or Ms. Boogie? This new EP I just put out, EXTERRA, Vol. 1, is kind of a throwback to the beginning of my career in many ways. One of them being that I’m returning to dance music and making just like much clubbier, harder material than I’ve made in a long time, but it also actually has two collaborations with artists that I’ve known for I think over a decade. Me and MikeQ and Shane Oliver from Hood by Air were the three Djs who got booked to DJ this artist named Reshaw Newsom. He had a party for one of his art openings. I had actually been a fan of Mike from MySpace and his website for years already and when I finally met him I just completely fanned out and got to play a track. My set was pretty much like MikeQ and Ivana Lore who’s like another ballroom legend. I basically played all super hard underground ballroom voguing music. I don’t think that Mike was expecting that from me necessarily and actually Mike went out on the dance floor and started voguing and he’s not a voguer, he’s a DJ. He rarely ever actually hits the dance floor and vogue. That was back when we Dj’d on CD so that night me and him like traded CDs and he gave me his CDs from his like case logic and I gave him CDs from mine. Ever since then we’ve been in touch and he’s producing music on my label as well, but he’s kind of hard to nail down and get a studio session with, so I’m just really excited to me and him having a track together 10 years later finally. My very first party that I threw on my own in NY was called “Club Vortex” and it was like in the back room of this art space, so it’s not really a venue at all and they didn’t have any security or anything and I think after the first one the word kind of got around cause you know under age kids are always looking for those very few places that they aren’t going to card, so I think word got around that there was this party happening that wasn’t carding and that was super open and fun and a few friends of mine actually showed up with Ms. Boogie at that very first party and me and her hit it off. She kind of got in a little bit of trouble that night. There was kind of like a little bit of a tussle on the dance floor and I think some wigs got pulled, but it was a pretty crazy night and that was before she was even just vocals, so it’s been amazing to see her progress into rapping and making music and I just love what she brings to the track. Saturday Kingdom performs with an Allstar roster including Bae Bae, BrownSkinHazel, Total Freedom and Uniiqu3 get tickets HERE Photographed by Alligator Jesus. Styled by Ally Nikoltchev Produced by: BJ Panda Bear Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. It was a family affair as last night UGG threw a banger to celebrate their now campaign featuring creatives in fashion and music including Slick Woods and son, Paloma and Ama Elsesser, Kim Gordon of Sonic Youth and daughter Coco Gordon Moore, Sasha and Sergio Lane, and Luka and Clark Sabbat. The event was a dazzling event paying homage to the brands California heritage.  The brand drew inspiration from the #UGGLIFE  campaign family-focused narrative highlighting the relationships and the spirit across generations that brings families together along with inspiring and challenging one another DJ’s and eyewear designers Coco & Breezy curated the events soundtrack. Staying on theme with a musical performance by SoCal local indie punk rock duo/brothers The Garden. UGG founded in 1978 by an Australian surfer originated on the coast of California. Renowned for its iconic classic UGG boot boosted by Hollywood celebs, and fashion editors around the world, the brand has extended into apparel and accessories with recent collaborations with the brands like Y/PROJECT and Eckhaus Latta. The evenings launch also featured the new range of buckle boots that also presented an exaggerated sole and a soon to be everywhere thigh grazing boot. After a dinner at the Roosevelt hotel, we caught up with the mama, muse, and all around bad ass Slick Woods to chat about #UGGLIFE.  Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Did you end up going out last night after the dinner at The Roosevelt? I’m a little exhausted but I don’t think I went out, I think went out went on me. How do you feel like UGG has fit into your life as a mother? UGG has been a big part of my life since the last campaign so we have been linking up. Do you feel like having a child has fit into life of the badass fashion creature you’ve always been known for? Yes, of course. I mean getting into motherhood and being an UGG mom has definitely been a big part of my life. You have really empowered the persona of the badass into this new creation, it’s beautiful. Of course, I had to slip into motherhood very unexpectedly. What do you see in the space between comfort and style? Well, comfort and style has always been missed together. I mean my style in very comfortable. Do you think simple comfort can be stylish? Yes, definitely, I am a little bit mixed with Tomb Raider, with a little bit of Kim Possible, and a little bit of, let’s say, Al Pacino. All together – that’s me What is one comfort faux pas you feel can never be chic? Broke shit… I don’t do broke shit. What is one comfort faux pas you feel we need to embrace more? Probably aristocratic shit. Like real rich nigga shit. I wish we did more of that. Yeah do more of that now! Do you see your son as following your footsteps in the modelling world? Hell no. My sons going to be a police officer or a fireman. And I’m gonna let him do that. Your film Goldie got great reviews. Do you see yourself getting more into film? No, the director was trash but my acting was fucking great. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   BUFFALO shoes. Make way for the newest edition to the female power movement, a DJ from Berlin who goes by Martafakka. With a background in Tech House, Funk House, Hip-Hop, RnB, and Afro House, she curates explosive beats that pulsate through the listener’s body causing them to not only feel Martafakka’s energy in her songs, but also having an almost out of body experience. As well, her expertise in mixing different genres creates a new kind of music and allows for a wide range of people to enjoy her work. Beyond her musical genius, she is an avid traveller, inspired learner, and according to her Instagram, is an animal lover as well. Take pleasure in reading the following interview with the creative genius.   BUFFALO shoes. Who would your dream collaboration be with? My favorites would be Dixon, Honey Dijon and Black Coffee What are you currently working on? And how is the process going? My main goal right now is to achieve the knowledge of producing myself. I have my roots in Hip- Hop and RnB and want to learn now more about electronic music especially tech house, funkhouse… I know that you have performed in Berlin, where would you love to perform next? I would love to perform in Ibiza, Amsterdam, London and New York. What is your favorite thing about performing and your fans? The best thing about djing is when you feel that people are getting exactly into your vibe and enjoy the party. What inspires your specific sound? I already traveled a lot in my life and I have been to many clubs where I got a lot of different vibe and music inspiration. What do you want your listeners to feel or take away from your music? The most important thing is LOVE, LOVE, LOVE and of course amazing energy! People should feel good and free while listening to my music. Its all about energy. What does your music creating process look like? I start with collecting my current favourite songs. After that it goes on with the main part; FIND MATCHING SONGS! It is my goal to combine all music genres with each other. There are no boundaries! Its kind of a process of course. Do you have a specific song that means a lot to you? What makes it special to you? It’s “Dirty Diana“ from Michael Jackson since I was a kid. It always hat something mystic about it…Who the f*** is Diana?!  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   REBECCA VALLANCE suit, ANDREA FOHRMAN earrings, and ANNA-KARIN KARLSSON sunglasses. She might not be a household name in America, yet, but Lila Iké has already taken Jamaica’s music scene by storm. Hailing from Manchester, Jamaica, she sharpened her teeth by performing at Jamnesia’s open mic on Saturday nights. The seaside venue (located in Bully Bay, about 20 minutes outside Kingston), has hosted many prominent Jamaican artists including Chronixx, Jah9, NoMaddz, and Protoje. The latter performer, Protoje, happens to be a Grammy nominated artist and his ears perked when he first heard Lila Iké’s music. He signed her as part of his collective, In.Digg.Nation.  Lila’s friendship with Protoje turned out to be the turn her music career needed. The signing thrusted her into the spotlight, where she’s performed alongside him at Jamaica’s Reggae Sumfest (basically it’s the Coachella for the country) with 30,000 heads in attendance then making her NYC debut at BRIC’s Celebrate Brooklyn! Concert. In 2017, Lila dropped her first official track, titled “Biggest Fan.” She wrote the song for her mother, whom she dubbed her “biggest fan.” The song’s release opened the floodgates for her solo career, with several other songs following suit. Earlier this summer, she performed on Protoje’s song “Not Another Word,” which acted as the biggest track she’s been apart of. After premiering on Rolling Stone, “Not Another Word” has graced Spotify playlists “Dancehall Queen,” and “Dancehall Official.”  While Lila Iké might hold the Reggae universe in the palm of her had, she’s not interested in classifying herself as a Reggae artist. She believes her music is more universal than to label inside a single genre. Flaunt spoke with the rising artist about her humble beginnings, treasured inspirations, and the meaning behind the words Lila Iké.  MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit and JIMMY CHOO shoes. I always like to know what influences an artist when they are writing and recording their songs. Who would you say are your musical influences? My favorite singer of all time is Garnett Silk. I love Toni Braxton, I really love Lauren Hill. All great artists in different genres and different types of music. But my all-time favorite is Garnett Silk. Why would they inspire you? Garnett Silk is my all-time favorite because of what he did for the music I don’t think anybody else did it. I feel like his voice, his style, he had a spiritual thing with his voice. Also, the fact that he didn’t get much time to do what I really think he wanted to do. Very powerful and very spiritual. How he was cut down so early almost makes me take up the responsibility, just make sure my music is on that level.  What’s your intention when performing your music? What are you trying to give your listeners with your talents? When I’m performing, I’m basically giving everything. With certain performers, You can identify with what they are saying. , You can see certain movements in their body, you can feel in your presence that music isn’t something they are doing to make some money. So when I’m performing I’m doing what I’m supposed to do, which is give it all Every artist has a different creative process when writing and recording music. What does your look like?  I search for inspiration, I don’t necessarily like writing with a pen and paper. When going through my everyday life, if a thought comes to me, i’ll whip out my phone and record it. Somethings I don’t record all my inspirations, but it comes upon you and for some people, it comes through like mediation or dancing or going different places. For me it’s all of the above. I like having conversations about different things. like learning as much as I can. I like listening to music, going to jam sessions.  ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER coat and boots, HALPERN turtleneck, and MISHO earrings. You’ve released four singles so far. What’s next? Is there an album or an EP on the way? Naturally, but I can’t say when. I am definitely working on new music.  We will keep our ears open! There’s a lot of musical genres, what inspired you to chose reggae? Is there a connection to the genre which drew you to it?  Personally, I don’t really associate myself with any particular genre, I feel like its a conscious thing. Like a work of poetry. I grew up in Jamaica, where there is lots of reggae. But I love reggae, it’s my favorite genre. I love spoken music, jazz, country music, reggaeton. But for me, reggae music is a part of me.  Are you still based in Jamaica? Yes. Rolling Stone premiered “Not Another World,” which features you working with Protoje and Agent Sasco. Are there any more collaborations coming up which you can tell us about? I recently did a song produced by Izzy which was released on the same day, so I haven’t been pushing it that much. That’s the most recent collaboration I’ve worked on but I’m interested in working with a lot of artists. I’d love to do a song with Chronixx and Koffee. These are things I have in my head that hopefully work out.  You recently performed at LA’s Delicious Pizza for their block party. Are there any more US shows coming up on your itinerary? Not right this minute, the next time I’m in America for a show is in Washington. My friend wants to come perform at his venue. Me, Sevana, a new artist called Jaz Elise, and another artist named Apollo. We are apart of their acoustic presentation. That’s the only thing I’m certain about. October 14th. Where did the name Lila Iké come from? What does it mean to you?  Lila, biblically was coined from my original name Alecia Grey. When I was born people would always shorten my name. They’d call me Leekee or Leelee. Once somebody called me Lila and I was very drawn to that name because I felt like a “Lila”. I made a Facebook account and used it as my Facebook name, it was “Lila Music.” And people started calling me Lila. Before I know it, everybody actually thinks my name is Lila.  Iké, I got that name from a friend of mine I met when I moved to Kingston. This guy had a Nigerian background. He grew up in Africa and said Iké is short for Ikechukwu, he told me that it meant “God is powerful” I grew up in a Christian home, my mom always went to church and believing in a higher being was always a crucial part of our everyday life. And I personally believe that there is something more beautiful and powerful than all of us here on Earth.  I wanted to appropriate this energy, which is the purest form of my music. That’s where Lila Iké came from.  It was great talking to you, is there anything you would like to add? I want people to know that it’s okay for them to be themselves, and they should go for whatever they want if they feel it in their hearts. If it brings them joy.   MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit. Photographed by Nolwen Cifuentes. Styled by Mui-Hai Chu. Hair: Darren Hau using Oribe at Opus Beauty. Makeup: Mylah Morales  at Exclusive Artists.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Autumn Hrubý is the founder of knitwear enthusiast and journal, Hesperios. The carefully crafted, sustainable collections express Hrubý’s philosophy of “quality over quantity,” with garments meant to last a lifetime. An extension of the brand is it’s dedication to classic and contemporary art, literature, and travel, which reveals itself in a biannual anthology— distributed internationally through art-and-design book stores, galleries, newsstands, and museums. This month, Hesperios released it’s third edition of the ongoing journal series, marking the celebration of both established and emerging creatives. From artists to chefs to filmmakers and poets, No.3 is packed with visual references, intellectual nuances, and personal anecdotes that will galvanize any and every reader. Flaunt spoke with Hrubý post-Journal No.3 launch to chat all things Hesperios. HESPERIOS founder, Autumn Hrubý. What’s the story behind the name of your line and literary journal, Hesperios, meaning “the evening star”?  My friend Evan Dando started calling me Hess as a nickname, short for Hesperios. At the time, Glenn O’ Brien and I were brainstorming potential names for my company to be. It was a long process, and he had several amusing options, but when I heard Hesperios, everything just clicked.   Of all the interviews in this issue, who surprised you most, and why?  Miranda Brooks interview. I loved discovering that she meditates with her client before each project to bless the land and ask the spirits for help.  “In Japan there is a standard practice to have a land blessing with the client and architect before any construction begins, to make peace with who has been there before, and to suggest where the spirits can safely wait until construction ends. Once construction is complete, they are invited back to bring love and a sense of being to what was created.”  Visually, how has literature and the art world influenced your designs?  Art and literature have influenced our brand in every possible way. I knew I wanted to make the perfect sweater and cardigan with reoccurring artist collaborations and less common color palettes. And of course, we publish art and literary books, which is at the heart of what we do. This has always been the idea behind Hesperios. Sometimes working with an artist on a particular cardigan will influence the range of colors for the collection, but I usually have a well-defined palette from the very beginning. I often have Maria Sibylla Merian’s books around for reference.   As fashion is the second most polluting industry in the world, how does your brand support sustainable practices? I’m glad you asked. This is a long answer, but it is the most important question I am asked. Hesperios has been called a “sustainable brand,” and I’m not sure what that means or if any brand can be truly “sustainable,” but we are trying, every day. I have set very high standards in the way I’d like to run everything. We are a small team, but we all care and want to do things differently and thoughtfully rather than arbitrarily pushing out more product. I think we’ve had a head start as a new company forming good habits in the early stages, rather than having to unravel detrimental ones later on. Even so, it’s a constant process which requires a tremendous amount of time to research alternative materials and more efficient methods of production.  It was always my intention to create a well-made, high-quality product that would last forever and age well. Our collection began with a sweater; designed as something you can keep as an heirloom— quality over quantity. We produce two seasons a year, with limited releases in between, all of which are produced in low quantities, so we aren’t sitting on excessive inventory.   We also recycle our inventory in a way that I’m proud of. In our last three collections, we selected a few styles from our inventory, like our Gayle or Lou knit tank, and combined them with pleating to create our signature Paloma and Lola dresses. Our collection also consists of a core library of year-round knits, which means we can keep these on our website longer because they technically don’t fall out of style. If we have inventory in a color that hasn’t sold as well, we dye it sustainably. Timeless and well-made products retain their value.  All of our wovens are produced locally in New York City. This reduces the waste of packaging and shipping materials. We try to use as much deadstock, antique, and recycled materials as possible. We will never produce leather, and we’ve kept our material options to a minimum. I don’t plan on using cashmere or wool. We plan to use 100% organic cotton by next year, and we’re also in the planning phase of bringing our knit production in-house, so we are in control of all phases of production.   I wish building a company was just about telling stories and making beautiful things, but this is such a small fraction of what is required. There can be a myriad of factors and variables which influence every decision and sometimes can be overwhelming. But we approach everything with thoughtfulness and integrity in mind.  I’ve been a vegetarian for 18 years, and I’ve always been conscious of my environment. When I was 20, I lived on a permaculture and biodynamic farm in San Miguel de Allende, and when I moved back to the states, I viewed our resources differently. I think this experience has informed my life decisions going forward, and I’m constantly reminded of those lessons. I recently sat through the Earthlings documentary and was completely shaken. It takes you through all the industries that rely on animals and how corrupt so many industries are. After watching this, I wanted to begin taking steps to become vegan. I also became overwhelmed with all the lifestyle choices associated with this decision and that if I became vegan, I would want the brand to be as well. Suddenly, becoming vegan was harder than anything I’ve ever thought about doing, especially regarding fashion. Right now, I am gathering the facts so that it isn’t an overwhelming transition. Leather is everywhere. There is no reason when there are plenty of alternative materials to use for a handbag or a shoe. But then, you also have to be knowledgeable about how those materials are made and the waste or toxic threats they could be creating.   Patagonia has been a big inspiration for my colleagues and me. My best friend, Miye McCullough, is our Director of Operations, and she has a background in Conservation, so we are always talking about sustainability. She recommended a book called The Responsible Company by Vincent Stanley and Yvon Chouinard. It has been my ongoing resource for information. I recommend this book to everyone, both personally and professionally. You can learn from their past mistakes as a company, how transparent they are, and what they did to learn and improve not only their production but practices on a global scale. The bottom line is that it takes a community effort to create change. The book is also a reminder that while mistakes are inevitable, what counts is how we solve each problem.  Everyone on our team has a genuine interest in sustainability. We enjoy the research process equally as much as the creative one. I’ve been a member of an innovative design library ever since we started, which gives architects and designers access to sustainable, biodegradable, recyclable, certified organic materials around the world. They have an actual library you can walk through and scan swatch cards; giving you instant access to suppliers who produce bio-leather from pineapple juice.   I don’t want to turn a blind eye to our ecological crisis. If I’m made aware of something that isn’t right, I will go to great lengths to try and correct it and make it better. But I have to remind myself that it cannot happen overnight.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 Drop 1 launching today, October 8th, Zara aims to release their variations on the here to stay khaki and uniform stylized core pieces. For decades in DIY culture, core basics have been used as representation and a source of visual language to identify rebellion and counterculture. These two characteristics are still used as the main sources of inspiration to highlight individual style and remain part of being unbranded in a capitalistic society. As well as being inspired by figures involved in the arts, musicians, actors, artists, and so forth. Zara is taking classic clothing archetypes with this new SRPLS CHPTR 03 line, consisting of outerwear, shirts, pants, and accessories, remixing them with new proportions, cuts, and sews every release to give a new meaning. This will be the 3rd instalment of Zara’s bi-annual SRPLS collection, showcasing men and women collections as in the past, but for the first time a kid’s line will be available. The collection speaks on the military influenced clothes that have become part of the world’s wardrobe vernacular for the past 60 years in popular culture. Made from premium materials, in limited edition with three releases each season. The collection will be available online and in select stores across the US, Spain, Germany, UK, France, Italy, Poland, Japan and China. Photos courtesy of ZARA Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Gucci has begun accepting applications for the North American Changemakers program, which includes its $1.5 million Scholarship Program and its $5 million Impact Fund for nonprofit organizations, and they have brought a collaboration with DRØME Creative Director Satchel Lee to announce it. The grant and scholarship open call announcement invites young people and nonprofits to apply to be Gucci Changemakers.  Earlier this year, Gucci announced its North American Changemakers Program, working in alignment with the company’s vision for garnering a greater social impact and pushing diversity and equity forward within the fashion industry. The film announcing the open call for applications was narrated by Changemakers Council Co-Chair, Poet, and Author Cleo Wade, and allowed for young people to share their own stories. Wade stated, “Change does not happen in theory, it happens in community. We are bringing the Gucci Changemakers initiative to life by bringing not only funds, but also time, energy, and care to communities that have been historically and systemically under resourced and overlooked for too long.” Both of the programs aim to do exactly that. They give to and prioritize historically underrepresented and marginalized communities in order to allow for the advancement of the youth and nonprofit organizations hoping to create broader change, starting within their own communities.  Learn more on applications and eligibility at www.changemakersus.gucci.com. Photos and video courtesy of Gucci Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   GUCCI jacket, pants, and shoes.  BEN SHERMAN top and pants, BRUNO MAGLI boots. The singer-songwriter and actor Chord Overstreet surprised a lot of his fans when, in 2015, he left behind his acting days on Glee to pursue a career in music. The son of Grammy-award-winning country music singer-songwriter Paul Overstreet, Chord had grown up surrounded by music, which he quickly developed an affinity for. Once he formed his own band, Overstreet, the singer was already opening for Demi Lovato and Nick Jonas on their Future Now Tour. After releasing some well-received tracks, the band came along with their first EP earlier this year Man on the Moon, Overstreet is back with the new track “My Ex.“ Flaunt sat down with Chord Overstreet and discussed his relationship with music, songwriting, and his newest single “My Ex”. I wanted to ask you a little bit about your upbringing. You were brought up by a Grammy award-winning father, you have a music-related name—it’s almost as if it was predetermined that you would be involved with music. It was probably my dad’s way of nudging me out the door with a guitar in my hand. I was the third one born into my family, and there’s three notes in a chord, so my dad and mom had names like that for everybody. My sister’s name is Harmony, like a four-part harmony, and a brother named Nash for Nashville, so everyone’s got a wacky name.  How would you say your relationship with music has evolved throughout your childhood up until today?  My relationship with music started out when I was really young and my dad introduced me to Elvis, the Beatles, and James Taylor. The stuff that I responded to was the lyrical content—songs with a story that helped you stepping out of reality, just being in your head and going wherever the music takes you. Lyrics first for me is where I always go, such as James Taylor and Bob Dylan, guys who were really able to paint a world.  Branching out into your own musical career—did you always want to do that, or was it a more recent decision after Glee?  I always did it just because I grew up around it. When I first moved out to LA, I was trying to get the acting thing going, and I had my guitar—it was always there. I never thought about it too much, I just always did it. I would be writing and I would be playing. Everything I got involved in and it worked always coincidentally had music involved, it kept chasing after me. I also always had the desire to do what my dad was doing. When I was probably 17 and playing football—I wanted to play pro football—I got a knee injury and was on Oxycontin on the couch. I was playing video games and my dad was like “Turn that damn game off and write a song!” So I picked up the guitar and couldn’t put it down.   That’s amazing. It’s good that it stuck, because I remember my parents forcing me to learn the piano at a young age, and I would get so bored by it. But then, the love for music sticks with you. It’s interesting because, when you’re a kid and taking music lessons, you don’t necessarily have the drive and determination —although some people do—to push that as a kid and develop those skills. Thank God that parents make kids take lessons because when you’re older, it’s there. I’m really thankful for my mom driving me to guitar lessons. It’s about having the foresight to see that it would be useful someday. Of course, I saw my dad do it, and he obviously taught me a lot about songwriting. My dad said something interesting to me. He had a rough childhood—he came from a broken home—and yet was always very positive in his songwriting, his message was really uplifting. Somebody asked him where his inspiration comes from when he’s writing, and he responded that he always wrote about how he wished his life was, not how it actually was, how he wanted it to be. I thought that was really cool, to be able to twist anything and make a positive message out of it. I’ve learned a lot from him out of my 30 years of studying him. I was really blessed that he put great music in front of me for me to learn from versus some of the stuff that’s pretty bad [laughs].  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. From all of these influences, how is it that you came to the sound you have now? I have a lot of modern influences even just in production, with the sound and current alternative stuff. Finding your niche within that, going back and taking some older retro production vibes and going in some of that—I would say it came from a lot of trial and error, honestly, just throwing a bunch of things at the wall. I was frustrated with not having a sound, so I went back and listened to a lot of Beach Boys stuff, as well as diving into deep tracks of music, while always wanting to make stuff that lasts for a long time. You find inspiration from the best.   You’re getting what inspiration you can from different artists and injecting it into your own style. Exactly. It’s like I really liked the way they presented that sound, how they had fifty different voices way back then, and just finding your own voice within that. A lot of the stuff I love listening to is just stuff that I want to drive to. Then I did a bunch of tours with just me and an acoustic, that singer-songwriter stuff. That’s a different side of me that is there, but after a while you just want to put on a rock show, you want to have fun, you want to express yourself and do crazy shit and not give a fuck about anybody.  GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and talents own ring. That’s actually what I wanted to ask you about next, about your shift from performing solo to having a band. It makes sense that you did it like your father before with the singer-songwriter aspect, and then you wanted to branch out.  That side of it for me is about expressing your emotions. You’ll to be up there, you’re vulnerable, and pouring your soul out. The band stuff and the energy—the crowd has so much to do with it. It’s such a release to be able to express yourself, and be that big, and be that loud, and to do whatever the fuck you wanna do. There’s such a rush in that, and when you go on and perform, you just black out—from the time it starts to the time it ends. Then all of a sudden I’m going, “Wait, is it over? Did that just happen?” It’s almost like its own drug, which you can get out of the singer-songwriter stuff, but that’s a little more therapeutic, and reliving some dark, heavier stuff.  You also have this support network of the rest of your band with you on stage.  Yeah. It’s fun to be able to make music with your friends, to shake out all of your anxiety, and nerves. I’m not a great dancer, so on stage I can just do the weirdest, craziest, stupidest stuff, and not give a fuck. That’s one of the things I like. That’s the only time you’re gonna see me blow off steam. It’s almost like you turn into a different person, which I love. That has a very similar connection with me that acting does. When acting, you get to disappear for a second. GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and KSWISS shoes. I really like that, because there’s also this other side of performing that’s filled with nerves, and you’re always worried about what people will think. But when it’s right for you, you just melt into it.  Once you say, “Fuck it,” and jump off…The first time I started doing live stuff with a band, I was learning my body, and how I move, and how I do things. But then, once you rip the band aid off and learn to not give a shit, to just have fun and move around like nobody’s watching…that’s the best. Once you can take that jump, it’s fun.  Great. I’m wondering, what artists today would you like to collaborate with if you had the opportunity? I would love to collaborate with Sting or, I listened to a lot of Aerosmith growing up they were probably one of my favorite bands. I don’t know what that would sound like, but probably more so the legends. Just to be able to say I did it and pick their brain. To get into their headspace and see what their creative process is like. Yeah, I’d ask a lot of questions like, “Hey, when you wrote ‘Dude (Looks Like a Lady),’ what was the story behind that? I’d probably be the most annoying person sitting next to them, because I would be asking them so many questions. I find that the process of songwriting is so different for everybody that “What inspired this, what inspired this, what inspired this” might open your eyes to all the things around you that you wouldn’t normally pay attention to.  BEN SHERMAN t-shirt, KENZO pants, and BALLY shoes. Going off of that, I want to ask you a similar question about your upcoming single “My Ex.” The songs on your Man on the Moon EP have a lot to do with past relationships and the effect they had on you. How does this single play off that? What inspired this direction that you’re going in? I wrote this song the next day after running into one of my exes. I ran into her at the bar and she was with one of her friends, and I used to hang out with both of them when we were together. I run into this person all the time, and I ran into her, and every time I run into her she’s with her boyfriend. It’s a little odd, because he’s just a little bit odd about it. We’re cool though, I love her to death she’s super sweet. She started flirting with me a little bit, talking and drinking. To make a long story short, we hung out and afterwards I felt like she was making a move on me—not that I would’ve done anything. Then her boyfriend showed up and the whole vibe completely changed. I found all of this really interesting, so the next day when I went into the studio to write, I started working on the track with my buddy, and in thirty minutes I had the song written. The thing I thought was interesting was, what if I actually did go home with my ex-girlfriend and she left her current boyfriend? I just thought that would’ve been an interesting hypothetical situation, because once you had that relationship with somebody, there’s always something that’s underneath a little bit. You’re always wondering “What if it turned out differently?  When you’re young, relationships end for reasons that when you’re older I’m sure they never would. There’s probably a reason and a good reason it did end. I self-examine a lot of my dating life. It’s an easy thing for me to really look at that while I’m writing.  That’s a positive thing—self-examination, looking at how everything went down and how you can change for the future—it’s a very good thing. It’s very much like therapy.  Like self-therapy almost.  It is difficult to analyze yourself without you running through your own protective filter. When something happens in a relationship, people see it from a slanted view where they end up not being as harsh on themselves as they are on the person they’re breaking up with. Being that way with yourself can be tough.  KENZO jacket and pants. Very true. My final question is, you know how people usually get an impression of an artist whenever they listen to their album or a single. I’m wondering, with the debut album you’re releasing next year, is there a specific impression you want people to get of you, whether as a person or as a musician? That’s a good question. My goal for this next batch of songs is—everybody relates to love, loss, things changing. They might not relate to the exact story, but everybody has felt that way, everyone has had that emotion. Being able to really put out emotions that are relatable, that hard stuff that you don’t really want to talk about, or being able to share the good feelings. It’s about being able to emote and give people something they can relate to.  They end up feeling an emotional connection to it. They have a connection to the music. Even if it is specific to my story. That’s probably the main goal.  That’s probably the main unifier between people and music—the ability to connect with an emotion or lyric, anything about it—it’s great.  It could just be a lyric, it could be something that makes you say “I felt that way.” Even Drake with “Why you gotta fight with me at Cheesecake Factory/ You know I love to go there.” That’s funny, and it’s real. I think it’s genius how specific that is, because you can’t make that shit up.  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. It’s specific enough that you can imagine being in a similar situation. Everybody has got into a fight with somebody at a place like that. Cheesecake Factory is just—I think that’s hilarious. Drake does that better than anyone. Great. That’s it on my part, is there anything you wanted to talk about that we haven’t touched on? We talked about the sound, the inspiration…The one thing I also wanted to talk about…just the…I guess we talked about it. Letting people in and getting a good look at who I actually am and what goes on behind the curtains, what grinds my gears I guess. Especially with this new project you’re doing, it’s a new path, and for people to see that and get their impression of you, it’s really important. It’s new for me, but it’s also thirty years of  my experience in self-discovery, and giving people a look into the reality of where I’ve been and where I’ve come from, that’s really important. That’s great. We very much look forward to your new material.  Yeah, I’m constantly writing, so hopefully I’ll get a bunch of new stuff out there.  Photographed by Jonny Marlow at Early Morning Riot. Styled by Brendon Alexander. Grooming: Avian King using Davines at The Rex Agency. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   A woman with a past containing hardships to a future where she can clearly see what she wants, Diana Gordon is back with her new single, “Becoming” which is all about celebrating hard work, being in control, and having her family by her side. She is a multi talented woman who sings, song writes, produces, and is a visual artist. Diana is not afraid to be herself and through her voice and singing, she has been able to have an emotional outlet. Her music is a mix of rhythmic drums, alternative rock, and dark folk, which create a melodic base for her powerful and captivating voice.  Diana has won Grammys in the past for her songwriting and producing work with many prominent artists, including Mark Ronson, Dua Lipa (“Electricity”), Beyonce ("Sorry", "Daddy Lessons", "Don't Hurt Yourself'), and more.  Her 2018 EP Pure was described by Pitchfork as being, “marked by her striking voice and emotional candor.” Diana has an album set to come out next year and will follow the tone of her new single “Becoming.”   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The high desert has remained as popular as it was 40 years ago to getaway to, when your dad was planning a Joshua Tree trip with his buddies and forgot to pack the trail mix, as well as the good suede boston birkenstock’s.  HWY 62 ART TOURS is becoming one of the fastest growing attractions taking place over 3 weekends in October, featuring 150 artists opening their studios to showcase artwork.  Part of the fun derrives from its self-driven aspect, furtherly explained by Art Tours Director, Bill Green: “The best thing about the Art Tours is that you never know what you’ll discover. With over 30 different categories of art, you might see a tile house followed by an abstract painter followed by a sculptor. You get to choose what you want based on your interest. There are so many different artists here with unique studio spaces that you can’t possibly see them all. It’s a big reason why we went to three weekends this year.” This special desert art tour taking place under the stars will take place this month in October over the spand of 3 weeks.  Weekend Oct. 5th & 6th, the 11th & 12th, and lastly the 18th & 19th. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Photo courtesy Nike. This is what we have been waiting for. In Los Angeles, Nike is coming out with limited-edition Air Max 270 React sneakers and fleece hoodies. Not only are they limited-edition, they are specially-designed by three talented L.A. artists: Sage Adams, Jheyda McGarrell, and Gabrielle Richardson. Each artist used their stories to create a this new collection of sneakers and hoodies, incorporating their unique style and flare. Flaunt was fortunate enough to get to chat with the women, see below.  SAGE ADAMS: The NY Transplant “Designed by artist and curator Sage Adams, this Air Max 270 React is a reinvention of the classic white shoe that Adams saw in her childhood. The shoe comes outfitted with a pizza slice charm to nod to the classic comfort from her home-state, a reminder to pay tribute to your roots.” What inspired you to pursue art? For me the lack of representation of marginalized people as popular visual artists really spoke to a gap I wanted to fill. We needed more than Basquiat, we needed to know Carrie Mae Weems, Kara Walker, Henry Taylor! I needed to see more of a spectrum of the stories being told and mediums used.  Do you feel that art has opened up new possibilities for expression for you?  Art In many ways has taken over how I see the world. Before I started breaking things down into shape rather than how they ‘actually look’ was the moment I began to feel like an artist. It’s opened my mind to an array of possibilities otherwise deemed impossible. I didn’t even think I could draw as a kid. What is the process you go through when curating an exhibition? Do you have a specific message in mind? For me it’s getting to know the artist and what made them make the thing and then it’s how do these things come together to tell the story.  What connects the works, what makes them different from other pieces in archive? What medium? What does the architecture of the actual gallery space look like? Creating an authentic representation of an idea or ethos is one of the hardest and most rewarding things there is.   JHEYDA MCGARRELL: The Homegrown Angeleno “L.A. native artist Jheyda McGarrell’s take on the Air Max 270 React is influenced by her Black and Mexican upbringing. Pops of red pay homage to rose bushes grown in the front yard of her childhood home, while gold accents represent the evolving idea of opulence for Black and Brown communities. Topped off with a cherub charm, a reminder to honor traditions and use the lessons of the past to keep it moving forward.” Questions for Jhyeda Mcgarrell: How does your heritage, as an Angeleno of both Black and Mexican decent, reflect onto your artwork? My heritage is reflected in all of my work due to the heavy impact of it in my formation. The contention of growing up experiencing all these different aspects of culture and tradition is an experience many without their stories ever been told. This specific project in my mind has worked to piece together the different aspects of the different culture backgrounds, that our two cultures share. This shoe to me bridges the created tension of an American landscape. It shows the ways we are one and the ways people like me live between these different ideologies and physical spaces. It bridges the weird black kid in the white neighborhood to the dark skinned mixed Mexican kid growing up with Tias smoothing down their curls and gives us space to just be all our different facets without contention.  What was the most rewarding and challenging part of this process? The most rewarding part in this has been seeing the smile on my mom’s face when I told her I was working on a collaboration with Nike. The most challenging but also rewarding part has been working with an entire crew of people to execute an idea which is still relatively new to me. It’s so beautiful to see all these brilliant, different minds working to make something I once imagined.  What do you hope people feel when they wear your shoes/hoodie? Confidence? Individuality?  I hope when they wear the apparel they feel like they are truly reflecting their highest self. I hope they feel comfortable and free. I hope they feel every good emotion that has been out into the making and the lifestyle behind the creation. I hope they feel loved because I know I do from them.  What qualities do you see in yourself that you know you got from your family? Pretty much everything. My family is completely made up of immigrants and all of the qualities I’ve gained from their strength and preservation in a country against them is appreciated. I have learned love and a desire to improve our lives and the lives around us and to honor heritage. I have learned even the qualities they might oppose in me. I have learned to always crave freedom and to always have a strong sense of self among so many other things.  It is so amazing that you get to work with Nike to be a source of inspiration for many people. What has inspired you, and in return, what do you want your work to inspire in others?  Thank you! It is literally such an honor. I’ve been inspired by everyone around me embodying the phrase “existence is resistance”. I’ve been inspired by the black, the brown, the indigenous, the queer, the trans, the fat, the disabled, the people who make up the qualities most worth embodying, utter freedom of expression and true strength. I hope my work inspires people to follow myself and others in moving forward towards freeing themselves and seeing the value in their everyday life, even when it’s boring, even if you hate yourself, like I did once and still do sometimes, I hope they know they are important.  GABRIELLE RICHARDSON: The Passionate Traveler “Neon meets pastel in a technicolor dream in the Air Max 270 React designed by model and multimedia artist Gabrielle Richardson. The colorway exhibits the dichotomy of the modern-day jetsetter — neon being those moments of movement, and pastels representing the comforts of home. Embellished with a ‘Real’ charm, an encouragement to make creative dreams a reality without letting others restrict your point of view.” Questions for Gabby Richardson: Which place that you’ve travelled to been the most influential, or just your favorite and why? I think the most influential place I’ve ever been is in Cape Town, South Africa. It was beautiful to be in a majority black country, but still felt a sense of disillusion being in a country with such an intense racial caste system. I felt so lucky to be in Africa, a continent that felt so connected to my identity but where I had never been. I met so many young talented South African artists in Cape Town who shared their art with me, and it reinforced my drive to do better to create and facilitate spaces for young black kids globally. What do you want people to feel or think when wearing your design? I want people to feel validated, I want to give people hope. I want people to know, in our constant shared state of anxiety that we live in that there is a silver lining. I used the neon colors because they’re utilitarian colors used often in industrial and emergency settings, I offset the abrasive colors with pastels to give it a sense of softness, and a sheer window so people can show off their personality. I think the real chain is self-explanatory, what you do, whatever you want to do, that shits real, that shits valid, don’t let anyone limit you and tell you that your aspirations are fake. What does it mean for you to be a part of Nike’s limited edition collection? It feels crazy! I As a child I never thought it was a possibility for me to work in the creative world and even more of a ludicrous fantasy to be able to have my own shoe. I think it’s a testament that any dream you have can be built. This journey with Nike has been a really formative experience for me as artist, I have never been so affirmed in my artistry. I was able to direct so many aspects of the campaign from the casting, color ways, and insert in the shoe. Being believed in is a magic that I want to pass on. Everything can be real!! What does travel mean to you? Through my time traveling I’ve realized that I learn mostly through experience. Through meeting people and exchanging stories of each other’s lives, I not only gain an objective knowledge but also broaden my emotional intelligence. A willingness to learn doesn't have to only connote traditional practices of learning, an education can be childlike and involves a lot of falling and getting back up. Traveling allows to see me to see the world for the first time always, everything and anything can fill me with wonder.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    WILDFOX clothing.  WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, JF LONDON shoes, ASOS belt, and KRYSIA RENAI necklace.  WILDFOX clothing and DALMATA necklace and ring.  WILDFOX clothing, B JAMES bag, WOLF CIRCUS necklace, and FARRADAS KNITS clips.  WILDFOX t-shirt and CLYDE hat  WILDFOX clothing, ASOS headband, IMAGO-A belt, and MALONE SOULIERS shoes.  WILDFOX clothing and MISCREANTS gloves.   Left to right: WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, VIA SPIGA shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. WILDFOX sunglasses, MALONE SOULIERS shoes, FARRADAS KNITSearrings, I.O. COLLECTIVE ring, and NORA KOGAN ring.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings.  WILDFOX clothing, TIBI belt, LADY GREY earrings, and MARY MACGILL necklace.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. In a city more rife with wantrepreneurs than we care to truly consider, there are origin stories aplenty. Divided this in two, split that up, and presto! Success! Took the family business and scaled it. Had an invention idea come in a dream and now we're shipping ten thousand units. Was in the right place at the right time. Knew a guy who knew a guy and the rest is history. Often rather boring stories. But how often do you hear of success stories that originate in the club? Business is done in clubs, business is celebrated in clubs, but rarely do you witness material success be birthed in the club. Enter saxophonist and entrepreneur Jimmy Sommers, CEO of Wildfox and 100% owner of the lifestyle brand known for its sun-soaked, sexy California attitude. In addition to being Wildfox CEO, Jimmy Sommers is a partner in top shelf tequila, Perfectomundo, with multi-Grammy winning DJ and producer, Paul Oakenfold, and owns a boutique line of beautifully hand-forged eyewear, very appropriately named Sommers.  Wildfox was birthed over a decade ago. While throwing must-attend parties all over the world, and made in LA units flying fast, the company navigated the economic recession and explosion of e-commerce with a big smile on its face. The birth of influencer marketing across Instagram, however, and a glut of fast, cheap fashion brands, have created challenges in recent seasons, and Sommers is continually seeking ways in which to stay true to how his brand was built and scaled, while integrating a modern sensibility for how fashion is currently consumed. Sommers took time on the deck of his Modern home in the Hollywood Hills, to speak on the changes he's witnessed in the apparel industry, as well as Los Angeles, as well as his only-in-Hollywood story of rising to musical prominence, and in so doing, creating a platform for himself with which to meet the world and explore other ventures. In support is a Wildfox Fall '19 editorial, photographed on the azure hills of Malibu late this summer by frequent Flaunt photographer, Shane McCauley. You found your footing in Hollywood with an exceptional saxophone talent right?  Exactly, being good at something was my way in. The saxophone was my in to Hollywood, in to different events, meeting people. It was a tool. I used the sax as a tool. In college I got a scholarship for it. Then I got to take a crack at LA because I had a reason: to become a professional saxophone player. I was very fortunate to have parents that are supportive and together still, which is rare. They’re my backbone.   And what sort of evolutions have you observed in the music industry over time? The music industry is… well, it’s funny because when I came out here there was something called smooth jazz, and there were jazz and smooth jazz stations. I grew up listening to David Sanborn and Marcus Miller and their style was my key influence. I had gigs all the time. But that’s changed and so has my music career. I used to go on tour all the time. So, the radio stations changed their formats and then comes Hip-Hop. When I was out here recording, it was Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg and Tupac and that era, which was cool shit—it still is cool—but now it’s a whole new and different thing.  You actually mentioned you recorded with all manner of artists at the time, like Tupac himself? Well it just happened that Dr. Dre and Tupac’s engineer lived in my house on Sunset. That’s how it came to be. All of the sudden I was exposed to this music, so then I was playing with them… What’s interesting is that when I was out here, I played saxophone at the China Club, and the China Club is where all the musicians came. I played with Prince, I played with the Kal David band. Rick James came to play. I was immersed with all these great musicians. And what was the sort of lightning bolt moment that deepened your involvement? I was a guest at a part of John Paul DeJoria’s house, the guy that started Paul Mitchell. I was at the bar drinking Patrón with Rod Stewart, who I had just met. We got to laughing and I said, “Rod, let’s go play with the band. I’ve got my sax in the car.” I went to get out my sax and next thing we’re on stage with the band. And that’s where JP was like, ‘Wow, you’re great.’ I didn’t have a record deal at the time, but he was like, ‘How can I help you? Come to my office.’ So inspiring. So I end up playing his gatherings where ten thousand people come, all his hairdressers. He puts a package together, about a hundred and fifty thousand CDs, and distributes them at the salons, which was a catapult to me getting a record deal. It was outside the box, and that really helped me stand out from the rest. That’s what he does. He builds people up. All of the sudden, when my record was done, all of the record labels wanted some. That’s when I ended up getting into the record business with Universal. They pushed me because JP believed in me. And what a vision. He actually started Patrón Tequila 29 years ago, sold it for five billion bucks. And what is he doing now? Giving back. He’s doing great things, and he’s always done that. Doesn’t just go buy a yacht or whatever. He’s such a humanitarian. The guy is just too good to be true. WILDFOX clothing And now you’ve launched your own tequila brand, Perfectomundo? My best friend met someone that owned the best distillery in Mexico. He said ‘we have the best blend of Tequila,’ so we decided to make it. We ended up collaborating with Paul Oakenfold to do Perfectomundo tequila, which is the same name as Paul’s label. It seemed like a good fit. It’s nice to have a business with friends that you can enjoy. We started it a couple years ago, and it’s doing great, and God damn you should try it. It’s delicious! Tequila’s growing big time. And ours has been rated in several shows and tastings, it’s won a lot of awards. The problem with these big tequila companies is they can’t make it fast enough. So they pump it through, and it’s not as good anymore. Being a boutique brand, it’s small batches, and extremely good. Has LA changed a lot to you since coming here? Oh man, in so many ways. To start, there was no bottle service. You’d go out, it wasn’t all the phones with the cameras. You’d go out there, you’d talk to people, not everyone was staring at their phones. That’s just in general, not just LA. But it’s not the same as it used to be. It still is beautiful. It’s still got talented people. Beautiful beaches, you know, beautiful hills. I suppose it’s just that technology has changed.   And how did you make the music to fashion transition? Were you inspired by something in general? Being in that circuit, going to Paris, seeing all that, the fashion shows and having friends in the fashion business was major. And what goes on in London, Paris, Milan—it's so different. Music propelled me to go and experience the world and fortunately enough there came an opportunity to get involved in something else. I knew what was going on in fashion, I was going to the trade shows, seeing what people were doing out there. And to put a different spin on something was key. These two girls came and pitched an idea, something different with a t-shirt company. Oversized, different shapes, something completely different. That’s when we first launched Wildfox. And of course it blew up. Was there a key moment in time? A couple girls came to me with an idea. I said as long as it’s the coziest, softest material, I’m down. That’s what I was going for—the best materials with the right washes. But, we couldn’t even get into the majors, because we had just started. One day, a friend, Alessandra Ambrosio, said, ‘Jimmy Sommers, I’ll model for you. I’ll put your clothes on and I’ll take some pictures. But you do it! You take the pictures.’ So when she was in town, I threw the T-Shirts on her. I had never done this before, so I went to Samy’s Camera and said, ‘Give me your best camera.; It was a 5D and I said, ‘Well, what do you do? I’m shooting a Victoria’s Secret model, what do you do?’ And they just go, ‘Yeah right, sir. Just put it in auto.”’ So, I bought the camera for five grand and went and she put on all the shirts. Then Alessandra was like, ‘Well you can’t use these because Victoria’s Secret is going to get mad.’ So, I said, ‘Ok, of course not, I won’t use these.’ Then, at the trade show, I blew up the biggest photo of her, which was overlooking the whole show. People took notice, and the first order I got was a $60,000 order from Kitson. And I go, ‘How did you see us over here? We’re not even in the main show!?’ And of course they said ‘well, we saw that poster of Alessandra.’ Of course, I was in debt, so it was so great. Alessandra was the key thing. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. How would you describe the identity of the Wildfox brand, how it came to be a force? I’d say along the lines of, ‘Oh, that’s the brand with the softest material,’ the funny sayings, ‘celebrities wear it’, that sorta thing. As the current Wildfox CEO, I ensure we make all our clothes in LA, and it’s great stuff that’ll last forever. Quality. Any person that has a shirt since we started is still wearing it—I’m wearing one right now. They’re out there and they’ve got a frickin’ Wildfox—especially in LA and New York and London—they have something of ours in their closet. Now these other brands come, these fast fashion brands that have Internet money, and it’s cheaper clothes. And there’s all this paying people to wear stuff. We never had to do that when I started. And there’s a lot of that now. Yes, and the mimicry scales so fast. There’s a lot of copycat brands, but what can you do? Just be original. When I started as Wildfox CEO, we thought simply: let’s make t-shirts like butter. The softest t-shirts ever. People say that our first shirts are like fine wine. They just keep getting better and better. They don’t fall apart. Now we have to keep evolving and doing other things. From dresses and higher fashion stuff. Everyone still loves a good shirt and sweats and loungewear, but you have to watch where the world is up to. And now we’re all watching each other on little screens? Yes! Instagram wasn’t around when we started. In fact, we were one of the first accounts to get so many followers. Now, everyone’s influenced by it, which is kind of sad, because it can easily get carried away. It’s good to get these people’s support, but you know… these influencers have so much coming to them. If someone likes a brand, they’ll wear it and talk about it. I talk about a lot of things I like. But, like, one post? It’s not sincere. Left to right: CLYDE hat, JF LONDON shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. CLYDE hat, HARDEMAN shoes, stylist’s own socks, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings. And have you felt tested by owning a company, dealing with the ebbs and flows from the top? Of course. Having a company, you’re working with people, spending more time with your colleagues than anyone. It’s nice to do special things and, hey, if you can be successful and be funny as a company, isn’t that great for everyone involved? Me, being an artist, I get carried away a little and spend too much, and it catches up. This month we are restructuring our offices, tightening up my business. Now we have all these incredible new designs, and there’s excitement at first, then a little stagnancy. Like a relationship. You have to keep tooling and pushing. And do you feel the trajectory is normal for a brand, like a cycle, or is Jimmy Sommers’ Wildfox different?  There are unique circumstances to Wildfox and then much of it is normal high’s and low’s for any brand. Looking back, when you’re rising every year, a lot of big brands would call me and I gave them the middle finger because I thought everything was going to keep going up. ‘I don’t need this, everything's fine.’ But sometimes you do need someone to come in and give some help. It’s been my strategy to stay a one hundred percent owner, but I'm always looking for a strategic partner who can grow it bigger and bigger. You’re always hearing about the pitfalls of growth in the fashion and apparel industry. Any truth to that? You get cocky, but, you know, the consistent factor is you always need some really good people around. I’m still dealing with people that I find out they were faking it. It’s like, what was I doing for the last seven years paying you a hundred and twenty grand? What were you doing? Because I love it when people leave or go and you don’t even need to replace them. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. And how about outside insights or consultation? Not being from this business, I’ve hired a lot of consultants. I’ve figured out that they’ve told me everything I was already doing. With consultants, I’ve learned they’re typically the failed CEOs of their own businesses, or CEOs that got fired, and they want a lot of money. Every consultant I’ve taken aboard hasn’t changed shit. They’ll move certain things around and they’re just shuffling papers. They’ll come in and paper shuffle, and it’s like ‘Oh my God, how much money am I spending?’ So perhaps it’s more in the creative structure? Who at this stage might you think to be an ideal partner? It’s got to be a funny cat. Look at Pharrell! He’s got all this crazy music, he’s great. We’ve met a few times and once I was like, ‘Aren’t you doing fashion?’ and he named four different companies. Wow, what a talent. So someone like that I’d like to get in the mix. New approach on creative ideas. Even Nike does all these things. Collaborations are big business these days. It sparks energy into something, so I’m looking for collabs and there’s a lot of possibilities. Jimmy, aside from being Wildfox CEO and tequila entrepreneur, how about your personal trajectory? Any excerpts from the book of life? All you can do is just learn from life and other people. But you have to trust other people so you truly can learn from them. And that doesn’t always work out, but you have to try. ‘If you look back,’ my father used to ask me, ‘would you change anything?’ You know what, no I wouldn’t. But maybe I have to say that because my father asked me! And how about music? You’re still keeping an eye on the scene? I’m always supporting new artists, as I was one back in the day. Lately I’ve been signing country artists. I know how it is, it’s tough. So it’s nice for me to help out other people, and not just for one song. You have to throw a lot in there and see what sticks. I did that with my music. I worked on three albums at once, and could never finish anything! But then I’d be putting together a record in Chicago, and I’d meet someone and they’d be like, ‘Let’s have ten songs in three months.’ And I was like, ‘Wow, that works.’ Deadlines are important! CLYDE hat, TIBI shoes, IMAGO-A bag, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace. And you’re building a studio up here in the Hills? It’s pretty amazing, the sound. I have a great sound system up here, and you can really hear when someone knows how to record, or mix. Man, that’s a big deal, the mixing. My favorite place to create is like this, where something sounds good. You know, in the Hills, in the studio. That’s why Tupac and everyone used to roll through back in the day! I had a recording studio! That’s why I’m building a new one up here. It’s a special spot. When you’re first in the Hills, you look out there and you’re thinking ‘Wow, I wanna move out here.’ And so I’ve always lived in the Hills, from all the way around. Like seven different houses, and I finally bought one. I look out, and I see the city sparkling, and all those people and their lives from here to as far as you can see, and you’re just on top of the hill, on top of the world. It feels frickin’ good, and it still does. And how’s it all going to land? What’s the big picture look like? Well, it would be nice to have a great relationship, and kids, and this and that. But who knows? Let’s just say I’m gonna die however, but with a smile on my face. Peter Fonda just passed away, and you know, his sister Jane, that’s what she said, that he ‘passed but he had a smile on his face.’ It’s like, have a good ride, because we’re not here forever. Photographed by Shane McCauley.  Flaunt Film Directed by Lucas Chemotti. Models: Dani Dolinger at LA Models and Patterson Wells at Visions Models LA. Styled by Britton Litow. Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co and Oribe at Nest Artists. Makeup: Cedric Jolivet using MAC Cosmetics at Lowe & Co. Manicurist: Lisa Jachno using Chanel Le Vernis at Opus Beauty. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019 The contemporary jewelry line, AGMES, is the brainchild of Morgan and Jaclyn Solomon. Each collection is influenced by facets of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art. The geometric and sculptural, metallic silhouettes reflect modern heirlooms, meant to last a lifetime. Handcrafted in New York, the sisters provide local jobs and utilize recycled metals, which is central to their code of ethicality. With the release of their Fall 2019 lookbook, Flaunt spoke with the Solomon gals to chat all things AGMES. Tell us about the inception of AGMES. Morgan Solomon: We hadn’t anticipated starting a line together years ago, it all happened naturally and kind of fell into place this way. I was working as a buyer at Bloomingdale’s at the time but always felt like something was missing in my life. After catching up with an old friend, I was re-inspired and decided to pursue jewelry design full-time. Meanwhile, Jaclyn had just resigned from her job as a sweater designer at Proenza Schouler. She had planned to take a little time off, but as I was getting ready to launch my first collection, I was asking her for more and more input. It started out with small projects, to larger projects like producing our first lookbook, and naturally led us to form a partnership. What aspects of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art inspire the geometry of your designs? MS: Our collection is very sculptural in nature, so we’re often inspired by sculptors such as Jean Arp, Henry Moore, and Barbara Hepworth, to name a few. We’ve also been greatly inspired by the designs of Charlotte Perriand, Pierre Jeanneret, and Mies van der Rohe. For our most recent SS19 collection, we drew from Ellsworth Kelly’s plant drawings. What dedications has the brand made in regards to sustainability?  MS: Sustainability has always been very important to us, but we feel that now more than ever, it’s crucial to keep our environmental footprint as small as possible. There is so much waste in this industry, and we think it’s our responsibility to make sure we’re not adding to the problem. All our products are made locally in NYC, which helps keep our carbon footprint small, and we use only recycled metals for all our jewelry. Any excess metal that hasn’t been used in our jewelry is melted and repurposed for new pieces.  Jaclyn Solomon: We recycle and reuse everything we can. We’re always bringing in bubble wrap, packaging materials, boxes, etc. from packages we receive at home so that we can reuse them instead of letting them go to waste. What are some of the ideas and concepts behind your Fall 2019 collection? JS: We drew from one of our favorite pieces from the existing collection, the Gabriela Bangle, which we had hand-formed from clay. We love the weight of this piece, the feel of it, and the look. So we wanted to continue playing with this sculptural hand-formed look, but play with the proportions and symmetry further. Most of this collection came from pieces we hand-formed from clay. Do you have a favorite piece from the collection? JS: My favorite is the Gabriela Hairclip! MS: I’ve been wearing the Medium Celia Hoops almost every day lately. And I’ve also been wearing our Domed Ring layered with the Cara Ring from last season. I love being able to build off the styles I already have.  What’s next?  MS: We’ve only just begun expanding into the accessories category – first jewelry, and then we introduced some home and hair accessories. We’ve been exploring the idea of expanding further into these categories, in a way that stays true to us – beautiful organic forms, all of which will become modern heirlooms and embody a sense of timelessness. Photography: Arno Frugier Creative direction: Ashley Helvey Model: Audrey Marnay Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Perverze is the burgeoning Tokyo-based, avant-garde street label taking off in global proportions. The brand is comprised of an on-going collaboration between creative visionaries in Japan, and founded on the retro styles of the 80s and 90s counterculture. Despite the decline of fashion retailers in recent years, Perverze is one of Japan's fastest-growing fashion startups. From shredded knits to tailored coats and bucket hats, the brand champions it's vintage aesthetic with modern functionality.  With recent media frenzy, Perverze has teamed up with Assembly NY to launch it's official U.S. presence. Starting November 15th, the Fall/Winter 2019 collection will be on display in New York's Lower East Side for a month-long showcase. Although this pop-up will be brief, Perverze has no plans to slow down any time soon. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On a mid-fall afternoon, Graham Tyler and I sat down at the High Line Hotel. Surrounded by its collegiate gothic-style architecture and mid-19th-century mementos, we reflect on the time ambiguousness of it— much like his work. Once a student of sculpture and millinery, Tyler found his craft somewhere between bespoke and ready-to-wear, although, he’s not the typical trend-leaning, Instagram-hype designer we’ve become accustomed to. Rather, he’s more introspective, and frankly, unparalleled in his skill. Blending Renaissance, Edwardian, and Victorian silhouettes, Graham modernizes each garment reference through a contemporary lens. In conversation, we spoke of his interests, inspirations, and career from past to present.  How did you decide to study sculpture at Cleveland Institute of Art, and how did that lead you to your millinery apprenticeship with Marta Glazen? I started with painting, and my work was about the body. When it came to actually choosing my major, I ended up going with sculpture because I was more interested in tactile 3d works at the time. And again, I was making a lot of things about the body. From there, I realized I really wanted to learn a craft and wanted to have a skill— a real solid craft skill set. I was looking around at what would be of interest to me, and then I became kind of obsessive about really fascinating textiles. So just in happenstance, I found a woman in Cleveland that was taking an apprentice. Her name was Marta, and she took me in very kindly, and it was very intense; it was about two years with her. Two years, for five, maybe six days a week. I learned a lot from her. She's worked with everybody, and she was wonderful.  How did you decide to switch from sculpture to hats to ready to wear? I was making headwear for a lot of different people in New York, from stylists to runway to a lot of nightlife personalities. People would constantly ask me, "Can you make a garment to go with the hats that your making?" So I thought that I probably should learn how to make clothes. I was making a lot of clothing and headwear. Then, some of the designers that I was working with for their own lines  said, "Just start your own thing."  You went on to make custom headwear for Lady Gaga, Barneys NY, Adam Selman, and Polo Ralph Lauren, to name a few. What were those experiences like? Ralph Lauren for Polo was a full-time day job, and I was doing headwear. That was a really great experience of learning the ins and outs of a brand and how a brand functions at that scale. It's especially nice to work at a brand with such a specific aesthetic. When it comes to celebrities, I work with a few different stylists and such. I largely work with Zaldy, who is a big costume designer. He used to be the designer for LAMB for Gwen Stefani. I worked with him, and it's a really great relationship because he can transfer the information and the aesthetic that they're looking for quite easily. Celebrity work can be tricky because we both come to the table with totally different aesthetics. So I try to translate their thoughts and their words through my hand, which can be kind of a tedious process. It's a lot of give and take on that, but in the end, it's fun. Speaking of costume design— have you ever considered crossing over into that category? I mean, I now understand why Christian Lacroix decided to be a costume designer. Because there's a lot more freedom in that— I don't think I would, because I don't feel that my clothes and the topics that I'm discussing in my work translate well on stage, so I probably would never become a costume designer. None of my clothes have any historical accuracy. I'm usually re-cutting a historical garment into something totally different, or I cut a jacket as a shirt, and I cut a corset as a jacket. I kind of am shifting and re-translating and re-curating things. Your silhouettes are a modern and original take on historical fashion with an emphasis on curved seams, leg of mutton sleeves, corsets, suit vests, and so on. What era's in fashion do you find most influential to you? And do you see a resurgence in antiquated-style clothing? I think the world is consistently reflexive. I think that that is relevant to me. I do see a resurgence in— at least currently, there's a lot of Victorian and Edwardian references transpiring. Especially with puffed sleeves, these are quite popular at the moment. The most recent collection was largely about Mary Shelley and her husband and the Pforzheimer collection at the New York Public Library, which focuses on 1819 to 1845. I mainly stuck to that time period as to the corsets, jackets, and shirts that I was cutting— I was referencing those styles. My work blends Renaissance, Edwardian, Victorian, and some extremely contemporary styles of cutting so that things never feel historical, and they never feel contemporary. They always feel like this very time ambiguous work, which I think is a new way of making clothes — to be very time ambiguous about the way that you're working. Overarchingly, people describe my work as being very Amish. I definitely take that as a compliment, just because I think I cut very graphic shapes, but with very tactile textiles and very hand ROT textiles- and that's kind of an Amish practice. The wonderful thing about Amish is that they look the same today as they did, and they do still.  Speaking of your SS20 collection, "The Origin of Failure," what's the meaning behind this title? It's a long, drawn-out situation. Though the collection was about the Pforzheimer collection and Mary Shelley and her husband, it also was in tandem with trying to figure out what contemporarily is a Romantics approach to making things. I was really inspired by glitch art — also, the act of being romantic about pixelated data. A lot of the prints were all glitched out. I was glitching the images with the love letters. I was typing the love letters into the code of the photos and glitching them through that by putting too much data into the back end. So the long drawn out part of it is that there's only one real piece of critical academic writing about the glitch art that's called The Aesthetics of Post-Digital Objects, I believe. It refers to a glitch as the origin of failure. I was really fascinated by that term. Also, it's terminology as linked to Mary Shelley's obsession with failure in her book and most of her literature, but especially in Frankenstein. What were some of your other points of inspiration for the collection?  I was looking at one specific love letter, which is dated August 23rd — my birthday, that Mary Shelley's husband sent to her. Then when he passed away, she rewrote it, and the rewritten version is at the library. That was the main graphic, and then I referenced for the styles that I was cutting a few original Parisian fashion magazines from the early 1800s, these little women's books. Then a diary-slash-entertainment book that a woman named Anne Wagner kept, and I created a dress using her entire book that I reprint. That dress now will be in the permanent collection of the Phorzheimer. They have bought it, and it'll be the only piece of contemporary clothing that exists in their archive, which is really wonderful. Those are the main things that I was focusing on visually.  Do you have a favorite piece from this collection? The jacquard triptych. The three-piece suit that had their love letters and embroidered into it was my favorite look. That garment is made with this new technology that I'm working on with a computer weaving company in California to be able to create jacquard garments with no wastage. That's how the Mary Shelley corset was also created. They normally create a lot of wastage to make that work.  Art plays an innate influence in your work. Do you prefer antiquity or modern art? It's a big mix in between. I don't think there's an art style that I don't like for the most part, but I'm not a big Surrealist fan. There are a few artists that I'm always thinking about, but I only look at historical art when it's when it pertains to a specific topic. I know the Smithsonian Institution in DC was an important gallery to you growing up. What's your favorite museum today? As a child, we went to that museum almost every summer in DC. There's a Vermeer room that was important to me, and the room about Alexander Calder in the Modern was significant for me as a kid. The feeling of uncanniness inspired me in his work. I recently went to the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum. That was probably the most fantastic art experience I've had because it's really beautiful to experience art of that nature and of that caliber on non-white institutional walls. What are some of your favorite art movements and painters? My favorite artist is Joseph Cornell, who created these incredible little boxes filled with objects. He dealt with melancholy, nostalgia, and love in the same way that I do. I have a soft spot for miniatures and small works of art. I am more inspired by the underpaintings of paintings than I am of the paintings themselves. The color palettes from my work are based on Versailles' underpaintings, which are black and white paintings that they do before they do the painting on top. Any of the artists in the Baroque time period did that a lot. I look at Baroque paintings and Baroque unfinished works of art quite often. I also look at Jasper Johns work a lot. Currently, there's an artist Jefferson Hayman. He's a photographer, and he does these really beautiful little photographs that are my current obsession. Your last two collections have focused on the use of muted colors. Why are you more drawn to grays and blacks, and do you plan on reintroducing color in future collections? I'm partially color blind, and managing all of those colors was very hard for me. I realized I was in a very different place at that point in time. The short answer is no; I won't be going back to color. I consider those first two collections iterations of me attempting to figure out what I wanted to make. Then the most recent collections are me telling the world what I am making and what I am planning to continue to make. Gray, black and white will always be the base, and I will softly incorporate beiges and taupes and rusts, and some kind of soft lilacs. Everything else will stay rooted in those colors. I also like that you could, in theory, take any piece from those collections and moving forward be able to put them together because colors will always match up. I think that's important for the people who look at the clothes and also wear them. How do you achieve your impeccable tailoring? What's your trial and error process like while developing silhouettes each collection? My suits are sewn by hand. They are quite meticulously sewn, and I make all of the patterns and samples.  I keep everything really structured, largely just because I'm drawn to those really aesthetic lines. It was more so a very long learning curve to have to teach myself how to sew a suit like that. I was looking at a lot of old designer suits who made stunning haute couture suits. That's where I learned how to make the ones that I make now. So what's next?  I'm launching e-commerce in the next month or so with some of our core styles and shapes. I am really focusing on the dress shirts. That's kind of everyone's favorite item from us. I'm currently in the Elaine Gold Launch Pad program, so lots of things to come through the CFDA and the EGLP. Then I am already starting the textile development process. The process is very long, and we create entirely new textiles every season, almost every textile is exclusive to the brand. I'm in the process of ideation and also agreements between what collection I'm going to be allowed to use next. There's a lot of logistical things with these collections, so I'm working on what collection I'll be using next. Clothing: Graham Tyler ‘The Origin of Failure’ Produced and Directed by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: Jack Belli Styled by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Mia Varrone Model: Inga Dezhina at Supreme Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Veronica Vilim, Luka Sabbat. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Frida Aasen, Laquan Smith, Daniela Braga, Robin Holzken. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Lion Babe. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Beau Jangless. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  LaQuan Smith. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Aamito Lagum. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA Photo by Avi Gill Last Thursday, New York designer LaQuan Smith and cherub denim brand, Jordache, celebrated its capsule collection at Cipriani's private club, Socialista. Elsa Hosk, Luka Sabbat, Danielle Herrington, and Elisa Johnson, to name a few, sported their Jordache x LaQuan Smith looks as they wined, dined, and grooved to an impromptu performance by Lion Babe. The collaboration, displayed in Smith's Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, is inspired by the NYC nightlife, offering a fresh and reinterpreted version of Jordache's playful denim silhouettes. To view the full collection debuted in LaQuan Smith SS20 click here. Photo by Avi Gill Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Kelcie Schofield is the founder and designer of the contemporary clothing label, CIE Denim. Conceived in 2018, Kelcie fills a gap in her industry by reusing and reworking pre-existing denim as well as solidifying a new and less toxic manufacturing process. Whether it’s restructured silhouettes, deadstock materials, or Naveena Mills’ cutting edge Horizon fabric, CIE represents the future of manufactured denim in our increasingly destructive global climate.  In addition to responsible garments, Kelcie melds this effort with creative design applications— each piece one of a kind. With flipped pockets on the ankle hem, an upside-down jean fit, and color-blocked seams, each design reflects a unique twist on traditional denim norms. Post Spring/ Summer 2020 presentation, Flaunt spoke with Schofield to discuss the past, present, and future of CIE Denim. Tell us about the inception of CIE. CIE was started from our two core silhouettes - our upside-down jeans and shorts. I wanted to create an item that made heads turn (literally) but could also be worn day to day. How do you aim to be a new and unique voice in the industry of denim? Every piece we come out with should have something that gives it an extra spark. We’re here to make unique investment pieces that you feel good about buying.  How do you view sustainability as an essential component of the current fashion climate? That’s exactly how I view it - an essential component. Sustainability, for me, is a non-negotiable for any new business to find success in the current climate. Since I launched CIE in 2018, there has been a noticeable change in the industry and how customers view their clothing.  What are your efforts in regards to sustainability? Explain your “slow-fashion” philosophy. I have two sustainable mediums I work with right now. The first and the essence of what built CIE is reworked vintage. Even for our knits, we reworked Hanes T-shirts. Using fully recycled materials creates an exciting challenge for each style that I enjoy working through. For the sustainably manufactured denim that we source through Naveena Mills, we do fully “new” jeans made entirely from the Naveena fabric as well as combining the new fabric with vintage materials.  How do you believe denim will evolve in years to come? I think sustainability will continue to be a driving force in the denim industry. My hope is that companies established and emerging will embrace responsible practices. It’s slowly transitioning, but it’s not quite there yet.  What’s next for CIE? More learning and growing! We plan to push the brand into unexplored territories, whether it’s new materials or new silhouettes.  Clothing: CIE Denim SS20 Photography by: Phoenix Johnson Model: Lyn Hersh Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli. Creative director Wil Beedle hosted an event in honor of AllSaints 25th anniversary.  Accompanied by musical guests such as Flaunt Fave Arsun Sorrenti, the night was a classic celebration at Chateau Marmont’s bungalow 1. Hoards of the coolest kids hung out chain smoking by the pool while a DJ set by Hateboy got the rocking crowd weirding out to some house tracks. The influence soaked crowd included Ariel Beesley, Bec Adams, Ally HilFiger, Amanda Steele, Eddie Mitsou, Gavin Turek, Finneas, Kate Parfet, Kilo Kish, Marta Pozzan, Rainsford, Salem Mitchell, Sara Cummings Zach VIlla, and a host of other Beauts. Photographed by David Vassalli. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The contemporary retail concept, Maiden Name, is the brainchild of Alix Freireich, and David Lê. While the founders met at Vassar College, they reunited to bridge a gap in the interconnected realm of e-commerce. With assistance from Jesse Hudnutt and Susan Lee, the four embark on a journey to reconnect the roots which link fashion and fine art.  Following a seasonal calendar, Maiden Name will organize its collections as an online, and interdisciplinary group show; showcasing exclusive artist collaborations alongside in-house women’s apparel. Like a chest full of curated gold, Maiden Name may hold the key to your future treasures.  In a recent conversation, Flaunt spoke with the founders to discuss the start of this forward-thinking, art formed, and eco-minded community. Tell us about the genesis of your retail concept, Maiden Name. Maiden Name really emerged out of our own sense that we didn't have a place where we loved to shop. It also came out of an acknowledgment that we spend a lot of time shopping and consuming media online, and those activities all seem to take place in the same dead, zombified e-comm context. So when we found ourselves with an opportunity to share work we love, made by people we love, alongside the apparel we make, it felt like there was an opening to use e-comm differently. We call ourselves "Maiden Name" because we want to highlight the people and stories (the "maiden names") that usually get erased when things enter the public sphere. And we wanted to keep this feminist gesture, insisting on a kind of independence, even as we credited those that came before us. Tihngs by Eric Oglander Photo by David Behl What are your thoughts on the link between fine art and fashion? We think about this a lot, in part because we need to protect the fine artists we work with, and an association with fashion can make their work seem trivial. That's just a fact, even though, by and large, we think it's bunk. We think of artist/designers like Sonia Delaunay, or photographers like Grete Stern and Ilse Bing, who all straddled the worlds of art and fashion and did great work (a full century before Sterling Ruby and Cindy Sherman!). That's why we highlight them on our Instagram @maiden.name.store. But we do recognize the need to let art and fashion excel on their own terms. We want to produce fashion that's technically perfect, that's beautiful. Our objects are freer, in some ways, to be about other things––they can be "about" history; they can be weird, or conceptual. What unifies everything is our sense of our customer's needs––they want beautiful, thoughtful, well-made clothes, and they want to collect beautiful, thoughtful, and well-made objects. What influenced the first womenswear collection? The collection draws on Alix's archival research, so it brings together 19th-century reference pieces and touches of the 1970s, modernized and rendered in high-quality materials. The Zoe Shirt, for example, is modeled on an Edwardian grandfather shirt that was still in great condition because it was made in silk. Ours is silk too, and we hope it also lasts a century. We describe the core concept as "70s Renaissance Fair," which sounds odd, but the end products are all meant to be totally wearable and versatile. We want them to be sexy and smart. And it felt like that was missing from what's out there now.   How does sustainability play a part in your collections? Sustainability is core to what we're trying to achieve. We make everything here in NYC, so it's a local supply chain. We use deadstock material, and because our production runs are so small, the wastage is minimal. More broadly, we need to slow consumption down (which is an odd thing for a fashion company to acknowledge). But we want customers to buy less and buy better. Our next step is to scale up in ways that will allow us to ensure sustainability from raw materials to end product. That's a challenge, particularly when you're small. You feature collaborative work with Paul Arnhold’s hand-blown glass and Eric Oglander’s collection of 19th and 20th-century folk art. What prompted the choice of these artists for your first collection?  Paul is a dear friend making very beautiful work here in Brooklyn. That was a no-brainer. We found Eric through his "Craigslist Mirrors" project (@craigslist_mirrors) his Instagram-based collection of images, sourced from Craigslist, of mirrors for sale. We thought that was brilliant. And his Tihngs project is too. Both Eric and Paul have such distinct points of view (and are making work that is almost diametrically opposed, formally). So they seemed like great partners to open the collection with. Indigo Vase by Paul Arnhold Photo by David Behl What are your favorite pieces from your inaugural collection? We love the Tamara Top. It almost verges into historical costume, but doesn't, and ends up being so cool. We also love the Tramp Box, which is sculptural, and modern, and old at the same time, and the Graffiti Vase, which is kind of a twisted take on Paul's other work. And we love the framed set of Leung Kui Ting prints––they look simple, but the more time you spend with them, the more you like them. That's always the real test when you collect.  How do you envision the growth of Maiden Name? I think first and foremost we want Maiden Name to build out the line beyond shirting. We also want to have more of a physical presence. It's hard to communicate something like the perfect fit, or the beauty of hand painting without having people see things in the real world. At the same time, we want to expand our digital presence and knit together a community, folding in our friends in Berlin (at the end of 2019) and then with more cities in 2020. Photography by: Matt Grubb Styling by: Gabriel Held Model: Fiffany Luu Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   While the fashion industry is backed by an insatiable appetite for the new, we find ourselves in a current climate of trying to stay well-fed, while simultaneously reminding ourselves the importance of sustainability. These three young designers have found a way to bring forth something innovative, while also holding themselves accountable. We have Bethany Williams, conceptualizing clothing with a focus on social issues, Christopher John Rogers, designing for those influencing radical change, and Emily Adams Bode, sourcing from the past to create something for the now. Interviewed by Mui-Hai Chu Photo courtesy Bethany Williams What drew to design? My love for fabric construction, and how design can be used to find solutions. I read your mom help knit and create pieces for you. Was she ever in fashion as well? She used to be a pattern cutter for factory in Liverpool,  and now she does soft furnishings and she also does my netting as well. Obviously your family is really important to you. You grew up in Liverpool?  I was born in Liverpool but then I grew up on the Isle of Man. It’s such a small tight-knit community. Loads of things are locally produced and there weren’t many main stores growing up. How do you describe your design process? It always starts with an issue I am trying to solve and then we work with a charity that tries to talk about that issue. What issues are you looking forward to promoting? I think for the next collection I’m working with a charity that makes temporary housing for women and children. Who would you say are your inspiration or muses? I love other designers like Walter Van Beirendonck I’ve been a massive fan girl for a while. Do you have any type of life inspiration outside of fashion? I do like artists like Egon Schiele. I really love his work. My inspiration is probably my family.  What do you think are the bigger challenges you face trying to be sustainable? I think sourcing is a massive one, as is pricing, and having things available. How do you decide to up-cycle a piece? How does the process come about?  It kind of depends on the project we’re doing. We will be doing the collection and there are staples that we always upcycle. I’m trying to introduce more and more. Where do you hope to see yourself in the next five years? I would like to start my own social manufacturing project in the UK. Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy  Christopher John Rogers To start at the beginning, what drew you to design?  Anime, manga, and cartoons—especially people with special powers. The ability for clothing to help people self-actualize and to give them a newfound confidence. You grew up in Louisiana. What effect, if any, did growing up in the south have on your creative evolution?   A real sense of polish and refinement is found in the South – especially in the Black Church. Spending time with my mother and grandmother in church helped me curate an eye for the finish and cut of clothing and has been an inspiration for me ever since. How would you describe your design process?  I'd describe it as visceral. Although I try to be strategic, I'm ultimately extremely influenced by my intuition, emotion, and heavily inspired by color. As a recent graduate, what is the best advice you've received from your mentors at SCAD?  Work hard and stay true to yourself. There are always people that might be more talented or more privileged than you, but hard work and humility know no bounds.  Where do you find inspiration? Everywhere! Debris on the side of the street, mid-century couture, things my friends are wearing, et You've dressed people from Cardi B to Michelle Obama. Having worked with so many influential figures, is there a lasting moment with one that stands out to you the most?  To work with a woman that's equally revered for her intellect and passion, as well as her individualistic sense of style, is definitely a highlight. My family was also extremely proud of me, so that's a plus! Where do you see the fashion industry headed in the next 5 years?  A sense of increased accountability and transparency that's come with the proliferation of social media. I think we're going to see a complete upheaval of the traditional ways of showing and interacting with fashion. Tell us about your fall collection.  Stonehenge, quinceañeras, and Dr. Seuss. What's next?  Everything! We're working on our Spring 2020 collection and are also finalists for the CFDA Vogue Fashion Fund, so we're working our tails off! Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Where are you from, and how has that made an impression on you creatively? I’m from Atlanta. My parents were from Massachusetts, so I spent a lot of time in Cape Cod. I have this juxtaposition of New England and the South. The effect Atlanta had on me was not only the southern hospitality, but a lot about celebrating craft and culture. Tell us about the moment you knew you wanted to become a designer.   In high school, I was taking extracurricular art classes, like how to draw, technical fashion. I also took a croquis drawing class, and it must’ve been junior year that I knew that I wanted to be a designer as a career choice. I went to Parsons for menswear design and I went to Eugene Lang for philosophy. In what ways does the study of philosophy and your interest in fashion design connect? I think it’s primarily the way that I come up with a narrative for the season, and what sorts of questions in culture—my culture, other people’s culture and tradition—should be asked and should be addressed. How to talk about the historical narrative around clothing, and dressing. You’re known for re-contextualizing materials in a lot of your garments, many of which are vintage textiles. How did you get into the textile portion of it? Since I was a little kid, I had been interested in buying antiques and all of the historical narratives alongside that. We would go to all of these antique markets in Atlanta, and flea markets in New England, in and around Massachusetts. Why design menswear? I went to school for it, but I’ve always been interested in designing for someone outside of myself. Tell us about your fall collection. That collection was inspired by a narrative around gallerist Todd Alden, who is an ephemera dealer in downtown New York. I worked with him and talked to him about his life, collecting, what sorts of things inspired him to collect, where he lives, history of that location, his family history, how he came to become a curator, and the moment he opened his own gallery. Where abouts do you find inspiration? Following the life of someone and their relationship to objects, the domestic space, and the traditions that have shaped their lifestyle. Do you ever see yourself getting into womenswear? Not right now. We have a bunch of stores that pick it up as women’s, but it is traditionally a menswear brand. In the future maybe we’ll have a different conversation around that. What’s next?  Right now, we’re working on production, but really building out our own manufacturing space. Most of the collections we make in New York is made in our own studio, so building that out is the next step.  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Images courtesy Bethany Williams. Images courtesy Christopher John Rogers. Images courtesy Emily Adams Bode.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. A brand that makes style, comfort, and practicability a priority while making sure to evoke confidence, Knorts recently launched a new collection called, Scarlet Knorts. Color is the main factor of enhancing the garments’ attributes. Traditionally, Knorts has used the color blue which represents calmness, coolness, stability, and reliability, which are all components of confidence and is the signature color of their denim wear.  Knorts’ new capsule collection, Scarlet Knorts, incorporates the feelings associated with the color red. This collection aims to evoke strength, warmth, comfort, love, and power into the customers’ everyday life. Befitting to their aim, these characteristics can also support the feeling of confidence. There are future plans to create more color capsules to keep both the brand and wearers in an emotional equilibrium. This launch is partially used to spread awareness about California fires with 10% of proceeds from the Scarlet Knorts collection being donated to fire aid services.  Shop the new collection here    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   As I walk in the flagship Messika store, I’m greeted with smiles, macarons and diamonds. Immediately I felt that I had entered a world of femininity and style. The pieces are beautiful and delicate, yet powerful. Messika is an iconic jewelry brand worn by celebrities like  Rhianna, Penelope Cruz, and even Serena Williams during her training session. Valerie Messika, founder of the brand, created the trend of “everyday diamonds.” Much of Valérie’s inspiration comes from art, playing with a Calder sculpture in her father's office, absorbing from his collection various details of line, movement, color, composition, which have shaped her overall sense of form and proportion. I got the opportunity to chat with Valarie and try on some of the most gorgeous pieces of jewelry I’ve ever seen.  Why did you choose LA for your flagship store?  We are a family business so we are very intuitive and organic on how we do our business. We met a partner here in Los Angeles called Westime. They are very strong in the jewelry and watch industry. They work with Richard Mille and Audemars Piguet. They are also strong with red carpets in Hollywood so we decided it would be a good idea to open our first flagship store here. What do you hope the new store will bring to the brand?  I’m so excited because I can smell that the Americans in this area love jewelry. But they want something easy to wear, cool and light. This is the Messika philosophy; bringing a coolness to wearing jewelry that is very fine and delicate.  The workmanship and quality of the diamond is the top, but it’s cool. You can enjoy it and wear it everyday or on a big occasion. You can mix it with a casual or sophisticated style.  What was it like having Kate Moss as a muse? The moment I launched my brand 15 years ago I knew she was my muse and inspiration. She's really iconic for me. She embodies femininity, fashion and style. When I launched my brand and the philosophy I wanted to break the traditional code of jewelry. It was made for big occasions, but I wanted to make it apart of fashion and style. That’s why women like Kate Moss are so strong for me.   How would you explain the woman in the street wearing Messika?  The strength of Messika is that the women wearing it range from 18 to 70 years old. I love when I see different types of women wearing it with different styles. It’s not that we are putting a logo on the woman. We can see the personality and the style they embody with the pieces. It’s not about how rich or strong you are. It’s about the feeling and attitude that you have with your own style. It gives you self-confidence.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On Wednesday we celebrated Benetton’s new pop up shop in Santa Monica with prosecco and polaroids. Benetton Group is one of the best-known fashion companies in the world with a network of about 5,000 stores and a headquarters in Ponzano Veneto. The brand is known for its bright colors, the revolution of the retail outlet, and their unique sales network.  The new collections embody both the old and the new, featuring an exciting fusion of its classic colorful style with its newer streetwear-inspired elements. The artistic direction of Jean-Charles de Castelbajac, who is known for his iconic teddy bear coat worn by Madonna and portraits of Andy Warhol, shines through the recent collections. He recently united with the Benetton Group earlier this year, which was announced at Milan Fashion Week. He announced backstage that “The DNA of Benetton and mine have many similarities…this meeting between us is happening at the right moment, too, because this idea that desirable things can be of good quality and be affordable to many people is very interesting now…Benetton has been sleeping a little bit. But it has all this sleeping potential. And its base is very strong.”  Bring some color into your life and visit the pop up open from October 25 through November 24th!  Santa Monica Place Floor 1  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Courtesy Hublot With Halloween around the corner, Hublot stirred the cauldron to create a sapphire and emerald green Big Bang MP-11 watch. To give it its unique shade of green (not quite emerald and not quite sapphire), they used a material that has never been used in a watchcase. The material is called SAXEM, which is short for sapphire aluminum oxide and rare earth material. It is a mixture of aluminum oxide (the basic component of sapphire) with rare-earth elements like thulium and holmium.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   KAIMIN is the raising utopian brand initiating the posterity of attire. With a foundation of innovation and inclusivity, the namesake designer may well be sent from the future— sent back a couple of hundred years to propel the industry forward. Harnessing the power of the digital space, and the resourcefulness of sustainability, KAIMIN crafts intergalactic garments with a cunning dose of raunchiness. In a recent interview, Flaunt spoke with the avant-garde designer to discuss the evolution of the label, cyberspace, and the forecast of tech-induced fashion.  Tell us about the creation of the brand with your business partner Dmitri Pchelintsev. My initial foray into clothing design came in 2014 with the Zero Zero Vol. 02 project – a multi-sensory, high-tech video popup exhibition with an installation by Snarkitecture, which I was the protagonist of and also directed alongside stylist Nicola Formichetti and photographer Miles Aldridge. We had the honor of presenting the Vol. 02 book at my beloved Paris store, Colette. As part of that project, I created a stand-alone clothing capsule for the female character, and a very prominent singer ended up wearing some of my pieces in her music video. I felt compelled to create a full collection, and my very good friend Dmitri, who helped produce that very pivotal Zero Zero project, really believed in me as a designer, so we formed the KAIMIN label together in 2016. Dmitri is a creative marketer and business operator who happens to have a very strong background in finance, having spent many years at some of Wall Street's premier institutions investing in renewables, green-tech, and sustainability. Having helped grow several tech-enabled startups, he now oversees all of KAIMIN's business strategy and operations, while leading our expansion as a digitally-native brand, including the recent launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line.  How have innovation and inclusivity played essential roles in the brand? Innovation and inclusivity go hand-in-hand for me, as tolerance for new and crossover ideas breeds progress. KAIMIN leans heavily on technology in everything we do, and aesthetically we work with all types of creatives, communities, and personalities because anyone can uncover something new and beautiful, irrespective of age, race, and gender.  Besides using innovative materials, production techniques, and data analytics, the brand benefits from social media's global reach and the unprecedented direct access to talent that it affords. The Internet is a boundless creative nursery of young innovators that come from all different realms, including art, fashion, music – we love and fully utilize this cross-functionality. I grew up an outlier in a homogeneous society, so I feel my clothes have to speak to things beyond style and promote ideals that are important to me, including social and economic inclusivity, as I feel everyone deserves a voice. In addition to connecting through unrestrained creativity, I try to make items that are more accessible, including from an economic standpoint, and which still adhere to my design and high-quality philosophy – we launched SLFF KAIMIN exactly for this. What facets of New York's underground scene make appearances in your garments? The New York underground scene has this alluring aura of the forbidden, with sexier and darker undertones and the sense of a risque adventure that is addicting. During our SS20 show, for instance, we contrasted the primarily bright and colorful collection with a very dark and sexy setting, aiming for the set design to evoke a feeling of an underground party with red backlighting and a minimal, heavy electronic soundtrack. NYC subculture is edgy, extremely diverse, and creative and demonstrates some of the greatest social acceptance anywhere in the world, which really allows me to meld it with high fashion in a fun way. I love working with established as well as cool new, up-and-coming artists and personalities that grew up in this environment— I draw a lot of inspiration here for my design, music, lifestyle, and the overall direction for KAIMIN. The digital world is a key influence to the brand, hence your Fall/ Winter 2019 collection, "2081: CYBER-ORDINARY". What were your main inspirations and references for that season? Our Fall/ Winter 2019 collection explored archetypes of future beauty and was heavily influenced by such films as Blade Runner and Ex-Machina, specifically their protagonists – androids and cyborgs. I'm a total believer in the eventual symbiosis of man and machine.  In large part, that collection was about defeating the mundane and exploring and strengthening that which sets one apart, no matter the era. If today's fever pitch around privacy, sexual correctness, censorship, etc. ever leads to a dystopian control of self-expression, I'd want my clothes to declare: "when the extraordinary is outlawed, only the outlaws will be extraordinary." What's your view on cyberspace and it's distraction from the real world? I think we're in uncharted waters, and we won't be able to properly assess how good or bad this "distraction" from the real world is for a while, if ever. The cyber is already the real. There are definitely multiple ways to look at this, and it's certainly also a generational thing— just look at the debate around "screen time" for kids among young parents and scientists and the interesting arguments presented by media proponents, including Gary Vaynerchuk. All I know is that this is the manifestation of human progress, and there's no way back regardless, but to me, the benefits outweigh the potential hazards. We are now superbly equipped for improved communication and increased input – although, where the quality of consumed content, general overexposure, and the "3-second" wars are going is a different question.  For KAIMIN, Elon Musk's Neuralink can't arrive fast enough! What were your conceptions involving the recent Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, "INTROSPECTIVE PRISM"? This season, our main collection shared the runway with the launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line, which celebrates self-confidence and self-expression. The overall creative direction was influenced by the sub-conscience theories of Sigmund Freud and films like Annihilation, aiming to expose inner fears to release suppressed identity and desires— literal empowerment through self-discovery.  The collection explores two distinct notions for evolution of human form – through technology and through biological mutation. From the outside, the driver is mechanical – artificial furthering of self via machine. From the inside, the driver is bio-spiritual-- the natural furthering of self via selective mutation of flesh and mind— a physical metamorphosis through the unrestrained self. This season's motto is: "Introspective Prism – Refract all versions of self, Mutate desire and identity, Evolve in spirit and form." With our current climate reality, how do you plan to focus the brand on a more sustainable level? Being on the cutting edge is important to us to both achieve a futuristic design and to help push progress, validating applications of new technologies. We always keep an eye on the new tech that has shown promise in helping to lower the environmental impact of manufacturing, and we try to do our part by using many recycled, sustainable, and organic materials, including Better Cotton Initiative fabrics in our SLFF KAIMIN denim line. As we grow, we will continue to place greater emphasis on better production practices, safer materials, and less waste. Explain some of the laser cutting, production techniques, and 3-D print experiments that are implemented throughout your garment construction process. KAIMIN utilizes quite a bit of technology for manufacturing, content production, and branding, including 3D printing, laser cutting, digital art, AR/VR, motion tracking, etc. and we always seek to emphasize our future-forward thinking in our designs. For garment construction, we use some techniques because they create unexpected and groundbreaking visual results, while other methods actually make sense from a time and capital-intensity perspective.  We're pushing the brand's tech boundaries with the "Stratasys x KAIMIN" 3D-Print Denim Capsule Collection— the first time ever an industrial-quality 3D geometry is printed directly onto denim. We designed the intricate CGI geometry, multi-depth opacity, and colormap in collaboration with Fitchwork to make the final print. Stratasys are pioneers in the additive manufacturing space and have some of the most advanced 3D printing technology in the industry, accompanied by an inherent desire to experiment and come up with something new and cool. They wish to make everyday life better by bringing 3D printing technology to a greater part of the world faster and disrupting the fashion realm is quite big on the radar of Stratasys global creative director, Naomi Kaempfer— so what better way to help assimilate and democratize the tech for clothing than with one of the most common garments, jeans! How do you envision the future of fashion norms? I'd like to think that the future will bring abundance and innovation not just in the material sense but also in our culture and thinking, where humans will finally reach total equilibrium with nature, and each other— no prejudices— and KAIMIN clothing is but one way to represent this future. Like everything else in our society, fashion will continue to be transformed by technology, faster and more accessible information transfer, and diverse global audiences. This, of course, means a lot will change in fashion's tangible areas, like materials with never-before-imagined physical properties, more efficient production techniques, the continued proliferation of smart garments, and increased expectations of what clothing should do for the body and mind. But, to me, the most interesting changes are already occurring on the more intangible, creative side. People's unprecedented ability to communicate who they are has opened up new frontiers. In only a few years, social media exposed how varied yet similar and interconnected different cultures' tastes are, and how people of all walks of life can become influential by traversing these different planes. Being skilled in multiple areas has become the norm for many young creatives today, and this 'polymathism' affects fashion a lot. There are so many cross-functional innovators out there, and fashion definitely benefits from this, becoming more interesting and multifaceted.  What's next for KAIMIN? KAIMIN's mission is to keep innovating ourselves and keep collaborating with people that push the boundaries across the various artistic disciplines and product segments. We want to be more cross-functional and would love to do more than just fashion, even if it's in a more non-permanent format like seasonal collaborations. I wish to meet and inspire more people and to learn from them so we can all come up with a never-before-seen symbiosis of unlikely fields that not only is cool but also could change lives for the better and bring signature KAIMIN flavor to people in more than one way. With that said, I hope to continue building our artistic community and form a creative confluence platform – a culture nebula for local and global artists – to support innovation. To that end, we have already established an endowment fund some time ago, via our Zero Zero Project initiative, which periodically disperses funds to help finance targeted projects. And in that same vein, KAIMIN presented the SS20 show in collaboration with Studio 525, an iconic exhibition & event space housed in the former Andrea Rosen Art Gallery in Chelsea, as the inaugural project for Studio 525 Art Accelerator, which has a very similar vision to ours and aims to provide a physical place for work and showcases to artists and the creative community in general. Produced by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: : Franco Velastiqui Art Direction by: Delfina Pia Rey Styling by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Kevin Cheah Model: Cassie Priestley at Next Models. Styling assistance by: Sabrina Aguirre and Mila Sanguinetti  Credits: FW19 KAIMIN clothing, and GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI heels. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. MAX MARA dress, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. VERSACE dress, earrings, and rings and AGENT PROVOCATEUR underwear. ETRO dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, B-LOW THE BELT belt, and NANCY NEWBERG earrings. HALPERN dress, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring, and ERINESS ring. MAX MARA sweater and dress, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. PREEN BY THORNTON BREGAZZI dress, B-LOW THE BELT belt and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings. ALESSANDRA RICH dress and necklace and MIU MIU earrings all available at MatchesFashion.com, and NANCY NEWBERG rings. AGENT PROVOCATEUR slip dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace and ring, ALINA ABEGG earrings, and STATE PROPERTY pearl ring. ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER dress and scarf, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings and ring. PALOMO SPAIN jacket available at Please Do Not Enter, LA, ALINA ABEGG ring, and MISHO earring. Photographer: Vince M. Aung.  Model: Inga Dezhina. Stylist: Mui-Hai Chu.  Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co. & Oribe Hair Care at Nest Artists.  Makeup: Natasha Severino using NARS Cosmetics at Forward Artists.  Production, Photo, and Styling Assistant: Corrine Ciani Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Being Sustainably responsible in 2019 now means making some changes with how designers are choosing their resources. The female founders behind 42|54 and long time friends Elodie Ouedraogo and Olivia Borlee are both Belgian Gold metal athletes, and now business partners who strongly believe in that type of fashionably responsible involvement. It took them two a clean 42.54 seconds to win a Silver Medal at the Olympic Games in Beijing 2008. That Silver medal turned into Gold, when the winning team was disqualified due to a failed drug test. It was abundantly clear that dirty athletes have no place in sports. That’s when the Gold medalists decided they wanted to make a change. “Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes!” The contemporary active label launched its first 100% sustainable FW19 capsule collection  made of plastic bottles and recycled ocean waste. They believe that great design should also be sustainable. The brand teamed up with renowned textile companies who propose fabrics made from a fiber called SEAQUAL and NEWLIFE recycled from ocean plastics to create the new high-end "made from waste" active wear line that asserts the modern streetwear appeal.  The founders make a conscious effort to be an honest and transparent brand, by largely working with local manufacturers and suppliers.  Elodie and Olivia’s next steps will also be 100% sustainable using organic yarns working with GOTS (Global Organic Textile Standards) certified factories, hang tags produced with recycled paper along with recycled fabrics developed with fibers using the oceans waste and plastic bottles. They both are devoted to giving a second life to stock and leftover fabrics from previous productions along with biodegradable packaging. The The fashion-forward duo provide advanced functionality while calling themselves a "100% sustainable company in the way we work, produce, and live." Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. What was your biggest fear about starting your own line? We believe there are a lot of similarities between the world of sports and fashion. It is about being fearless,  following the process put in place while listening to your gut feeling at the same time to achieve the absolute best. It is about taking a leap of faith in yourself, your partner and your idea. For us creating an activewear collection that was high-end, transcendent  and made in honest and transparent conditions Felt like a void that needed to be filled within our community. There was a clear vision, which was bring some fun and fashion back into the world of sports without ignoring the functional and technical side of the garments. When we decided to launch 42|54, a reference to our winning time during the 2008 Olympics, we didn't really think about it as we both love a great challenge. We just jumped, head first.  There was a lack of experience. (We had both been guest designers for other brands, but came quickly to the realization that this doesn't even come close to owning and managing a brand.)  With that lack of real experience sometimes came also the fear of not being taken seriously. In the beginning we went probably over prepared into ever meeting we had. Not only out of respect for the person sitting in front of us, but also because we wanted to show that we were serious about entrepreneurship.  That we understood that there are no shortcuts to success Initially we also didn't communicate a lot about our backstory either. We didn't want to be perceived as two women who were the faces of the brand, while having an entire team waiting in the back to do the real and hard work. From the beginning we sourced every fabric, button, zipper, label or elastic band you'll find in our collection. Through (sometimes) expensive mistakes and failure we learned a lot. And today we are an authentic brand and a viable business because of it. Aside from the activewear, what other sustainable efforts are being practiced within your company? 42|54 has always been mindful of how and where we produce. After having represented our country in the best way possible in sports it only seemed logical to carry out the strong identity and values that Belgium has created with 'The Antwerp Six' in the world of fashion. We worked a lot with local suppliers. This put our brand already at a 50% of sustainability, solely based on the business decisions we made from the very beginning. Last year we were able to evolve in our sustainable journey by replacing already locally created fabrics by sustainable ones. We also adapted our online service by working with Repack. Repack is a company that offers reusable bags. For every bag clients return to us after their purchase, they receive a small discount. We on the other hand can recover the packaging for a new customer. Additionally we switched to biodegradable labels, we don't use plastic bottles in the office and work with a cleaning company that only uses natural and biological cleaning products. All the employees who live in Brussels, where we are based, walk or take their bike to work.  What was the moment or person that inspired you to produce your own line? We have always looked up to and been inspired by strong female athletes and more so in the 80's and 90's. These were absolute fun times where athletes didn't only stand out with their extraordinary performances, but also by the way the dressed on the field. Women like Florence Griffith and Jackie Joyner-Kersee wore leotards, belted bodysuits, one-legged  and lace leggings. They highlighted their personalities with exciting, daring activewear.  But of course we don't have to look too far. We are surrounded by strong women. Our mothers, sisters, friends and colleagues. 42I54 is built by women, who work very hard every day to create the best possible collection for women. Our sustainable mission on the other hand comes from a very personal experience.  We initially won a silver medal during the Olympic Games in 2008. Eight years later that silver eventually turned into gold when that winning team was disqualified due to substance abuse discovered during a large series of retesting.  This had a major impact on the on athletes worldwide. And while many of us became strong advocates for clean, drug free sports we are less outspoken when it comes to clothes we wear while performing. We felt this too has to change.  Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes.  Sportswear made in honest conditions and without the environmental strain it has today. We can no longer only applaud recognition and financial gain while wearing our low cost shirts. Because someone, somewhere is suffering because of it. Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Just for fun, what are your zodiac signs? Aries and Pisces What are you wanting to accomplish in 2020 with 42|54? It has always been our goal to become the brand that serves as today’s personal survival-kit and Wonder Woman cape all wrapped into one fashion-forward label for all women. 42|54 is for the young women we help through our 'Athlete Ambassador Program'. By supporting them with well made performance gear, we support their dreams of one day becoming professional athletes. Often big brands want to see results first and will later support in anyway possible. We believe talent need’s to be nurtured when  personal budgets are insignificant or non-existent. Today we are proud to announce that 3 women from our ambassadors program will participate in next year’s Olympic and Paralympic Games. We are most definitely also the go-to brand for women who like to have something that is different. Today many women try and balance a career, family and personal time. Finding an outfit that accommodates that lifestyle can be quite the search. The idea to have a legging that has the advanced functionality you'd expect from activewear, yet the high-end look and feel that makes it chic enough to wear outside the gym is very appealing to a lot of women. A winning combination we can offer to our women as we can pull from our own experience and expertise. On top of the need to be unique or different, women want to be informed on what they are putting both in and on their bodies today. Furthermore we would like to continue to develop our sustainable journey and dress as many great women in the US as we possibly can.  We had the opportunity to visit LA recently and it is inspiring to see how a city has succeeded into merging sports into the everyday life. It embodies the definition of an 'active lifestyle'. What were your childhood ambitions? Elodie: I always wanted to be a hairdresser or own my own cafe. That was until I realized that being a bar owner entails more than just serving great coffee. Olivia: I wanted to be a florist. I think I have always been inspired by beauty and making beautiful things. In what place are you the happiest? Most productive? The school of Sports is a great one to graduate from. Being professional athletes has taught us many life lessons. It teaches you to be independent,  winning, losing and how to persevere. Through our careers as professional athletes we have had the privilege of seeing a part of the world and experiencing different cultures and people. We are very appreciative that to this day we get to travel for work from time to time and see our designs come to life in our factory. Funnily enough, the traveling in the past also taught us the importance of home. And how it remains the happiest place for us. It is also where we get most creative. Before we were able to rent our own office space we used to work out of the kitchen. Today we still come up with the best ideas when we are surrounded by the feeling of familiarity. So thank God for WhatsApp these days. How do you live a sustainable life outside of the company? It is important to stress that we are by no means green warriors or examples of how to live a sustainable life. But we 100% get the message and understand the urge to react today. We all have different battles to fight in life but we are convinced that with little effort we can already make  a big difference. A few changes that we have made:  -no to fast fashion; buying less clothes and smarter -no more plastic bottles and additionally be more mindful of the use of plastic in general -buying fresh and seasonal fruit and vegetables instead of pre-packed food,  -reusing the same bag instead of buying a new one for groceries,  -sort trash -the use of natural cosmetics -leave our cars in the garage if not needed  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Published for the first time and celebrating 50 years since the works were created, ‘DESIRE’ by Lloyd Ziff documents New York City in the late 1960s. Ziff’s work captures a New York teeming with fantasy and rebellion. The book tells a story of cultural resistance through Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe.  ‘DESIRE’ was the first photo shoot that Patti and Robert had together. The two of them were photographed in their Hall Street Space in Brooklyn in 1968 and in Ziff’s small apartment in the heart of Greenwich Village in 1969. The book features 65 previously unpublished works including street photographs, original contact sheets, and notes that form the history around 1960s New York and the lives of these two iconic figures. The intimacy between the two paints a picture of the city at this time, pushing their icon status aside to view the city with a more personal lens. 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff “I myself never felt comfortable doing anything with the pictures. Then in 2009 Patti phoned and asked me for permission to publish two of the Hall Street portraits in JUST KIDS, the first portraits of them together she noted. 41 years had passed. . . Robert and Patti had become legendary. Robert and I had remained friends until he died in 1989, and I had enjoyed commissioning and publishing photographs of his when I was the Design Director of House & Garden, Vanity Fair, and Condé Nast Traveler in the ’80s. Now it’s been 50+ years since I happened to see Robert and Patti crossing the street near their place in Brooklyn. The photographs we shot then are, as are all photographs, documents of a particular moment in time. They have also become documents of a time when two of America’s most important artists were very young, very beautiful, and very ambitious. It amazes me to share those moments from so long ago today.” – Lloyd Ziff, 2019 100 “Strictly Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff, with a “Limited Edition” signed and numbered C-Type print. 500 “Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff. Available now Photos courtesy of Lloyd Ziff and Avenue Communications  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker. HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  FALGUNI SHANE PEACOCK bodysuit, HARDEMAN chaps, BUSTED BRAND gloves, PLANET I sunglasses, and MELODY EHSANI earrings and DALMATA choker. It’s been just over a year since Doja Cat’s “Mooo!” swept the screens of millions across the globe. And unless you’ve been living under a rock, the American singer, rapper and producer begs no further introduction. With that said, in case you have in fact been dwelling beneath stone, then you should know that the future of music is Doja’s for the taking. With her 2018 claim-to-fame music video sitting atop 50M views on YouTube, and her most recent visual release for “Juicy,” featuring Tyga, breaking 20M in two weeks, the musician’s growth is unshakeable, having cemented her place through sweet sonics and visuals that pack a punch. As she so bluntly claims over the phone from her apartment in Los Angeles, “It’s only the beginning. I feel like I really know who I am and what I’m doing with my next project.” The bovine-style music video released last August would eventually flourish into a viral meme. “I didn’t mean for ‘Mooo!’ to get as big as it did,” she admits. “I had more serious music to put out, I’d been working on so much other stuff, but once I put the cow costume on, I had to do it. It was the only way I could get it out of my head,” she explains. Within days of the abrupt upload to YouTube, the video had racked millions of views. The dairy dreamscape was by no means Doja’s introduction to the music industry. In fact, she had been signed to RCA Records since 2014, after the successful release of her debut single, “So High.” From there, she followed up with several tracks, including “Go To Town,” off of her debut studio album in 2018. “Before ‘Mooo!,’ we hadn’t really gotten any viral hits, or had any hits, period. We were doing okay, but things weren’t at their fullest potential. That was the most significant part about ‘Mooo!’ going where it did—it allowed all my other work to have a foundation and have a pull.” Taking a moment to consider the past whirlwind year, she reasons, “Since ‘Mooo!’ blew up, it’s been kind of non-stop. I don’t know if it’s really allowed me to reflect, but I feel like I’ve refined my style and refined who I am. I kind of have to have the spotlight on me.” MATT SARAFA coat and GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses. MATT SARAFA coat, ABODI bodysuit and boots, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and NOÄ earrings. The spotlight she speaks of shines focused and fixed, with no intention of moving elsewhere, but as a consistent subject of such recognition, Doja Cat has experienced two sides to the coin that is internet fame. Since its inception, the Internet has proven an untamable beast, and the environment it has bred has developed twice as feral. Through public domains like Tumblr to TikTok, and YouTube to Twitter, a vast stretch of subcultures and trends have been cultivated. On opposite poles of this digital sphere, there stands viral fame and cancel culture. It’s no secret that the musician has faced multiple controversies regarding comments she’s made online, and it’s even less of a secret that the public is quick to mobilize on social media. After old tweets resurfaced of the artist using derogatory terms towards other rappers, a rallied audience of critics made it its mission to take her down. Admittedly hurt by some of the criticisms, she reasons, “I’m not invincible, I do get hurt by some comments. I’m not superhuman.” Immediately requiting, she follows up with, “But being raised on the Internet gives me the ability to know how to deal with negativity most of the time.” Then, at once in a final stride, she claims of her presence online, “It’s just a small portion of my life.” And just like that, if we’ve learned anything in 2019, it’s that you can’t cancel Doja Cat. HARDEMAN top, thong, and hat, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and DALMATA necklace. Fresh off the release of a new music video with LunchMoney Lewis for “Make That Cake,” while still riding the success of “Juicy,” she’s traveling cross country for performances and appearances on a weekly basis. In the age of virality, such sustainability is impressive. That said, she’s in no way the first artist to have a viral hit catapult their work to an unfamiliar stratosphere of celebrity, and certainly not the last. We’ve seen fellow musical phenoms like Mason Ramsey and Megan Thee Stallion reap the benefits of a trending tweet and hashtag or two. Could it just be that we’re experiencing the dawning of a new age in music? An educated guess would reason, yes. With democratized media-sharing platforms like Spotify and SoundCloud, there’s been an inevitable boom in bedroom pop-stardom. Not only that, but with the increasing irrelevance of labels across younger generations, classification proves less important in not only topics of gender, but music, too. Lines blur across styles nowadays, with artists coloring the outsides more than ever. In attempts to maintain order through categorical standards, we see the term “Alternative” tacked onto the classic genres we’ve come to know. I LOVE PRETTY skirt. I LOVE PRETTY skirt and BUFFALO LONDON shoes. Prompted to describe her forthcoming record, Hot Pink, in three words, she replies with little to no hesitation: “Too. Many. Genres.” Declining a subscription to any one breed of song, the response points to her exploration of sound, a progression of her euphony, and the future of music. “My last record is a lot different from this one because I didn’t understand what it was to be in the studio and in an environment where there’s a bunch of musical equipment,” Doja shares, candidly. “I was young, I was a teenager and I really didn’t know who I was. My character wasn’t really shining the way it does now. I can tell you Hot Pink is one of the best things I’ve done, the best project I will have ever released.” Then, implored to divulge more about the release in detail, she retracts to the previously implemented three-word limit: “Super, duper, mystery.” So while Doja—who won the world over with an onomatopoeia in 2018—makes a favorable case for the future of music today, her own music remains as ambiguous as it does full of promise. Photographed by: Julian Buchan.  Styled by: Katie Qian.  Hair: Frankie Payne using Oribe at Opus Beauty.  Makeup: Jadyn Ngo using Surratt Beauty and Artisbrush.com at The Visionaries. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj Photos by Steven Klein Think metallic, high-end glamour with a neon pink accent. Think barbie doll in outer-space. This iconic FENDI and Nicki Minaj collaboration is the perfect combination of bold yet sophisticated.  Teaming up with Silvia Venturini Fendi, the duo created the next chapter of the FF Series with a line for women’s, men’s and kids: FENDI Prints On. Nicki is known for her body-hugging clothing and most of the line is just that, but she beautifully contrasts it with leisurewear and classy pieces. With the FF logo covering the majority of the print, this line is nothing but eye-catching.  They took staple pieces that everyone needs in their wardrobe and added their own flare to it such as:  tulle dresses, reversible puffer coats, asymmetric body-con dresses, raincoats with leather sleeves, silver tracksuits, bomber jackets with knitted sleeves and metallic windbreakers.  This collection would not be complete without some daring accessories, and that is exactly what they have provided us. They have everything from sequined bags and fanny packs to customized snow boots and wedge trainers. These accessories will take any outfit to the next level.  They went above and beyond and created a collection that embodied Nicki’s personality along with high-end fashion and street style.  The FENDI Prints On capsule collection will be sold in 52 FENDI boutiques worldwide and on fendi.com from October 14th.  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj   Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj                    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   69 shirt, JEAN PAUL KNOTT pants available at Please Do Not Enter, and NIKE shoes.   Brooklyn born and LA based producer and artist, Kingdom, is bringing back is clubby and unique dance music to the industry. With two new EPs, the first one called “EXTERRA, Vol. 1,” on the way and an album coming in 2020, he is back in the realm of dance music, but keeping true to his innovative style.  All the way from the east coast, Kingdom was booked to perform in LA in the early 2000s, which gave him a foot in the door to the west coast’s music scene. From here, he has continued to expand his musical capacity and does not abide by genres or any type of limitation; with experimental taste and a desire to create, he strives to generate music that he loves and that the audience can appreciate/value.  He was kind enough to join me for a phone interview in which I asked many questions, hoping to find out more about him as a person and his career.  I know that Nacho Nava kind of helped bring you to LA, how did he influence you? I was DJing a lot in New York, but he was the first person to put me on a flight and bring me to the west coast to DJ. I think that the influence he really has is that he was putting people on like me who didn’t have any other shows or have a lot of hype or a lot of press or anything like that. He really just believed in the new talent and was always just so generous with that regardless of how well the show did or anything like that. It was really just like he was excited to put people on and it never seemed like it was something he was doing for his own to serve his own interest. It really was something he was doing for the community in LA. Specifically, influential in creating a really special scene on the eastside of LA. I think most people will associate like the gay scene with the west side, West Hollywood scene, which is so specific and there really wasn’t much going on on the eastside maybe a couple bars, but he was the first to create a really vibrant night life scene that involved art and dance and all different kinds of Djs of all different races, but also it wasn’t just a community vibe, it was also like he was bringing really really good music and reall really amazing performers, so it also drew in just from straight people music fans who knew that Mustache would have more edgy stuff, so it wasn’t just creating an alternative it was also just about quality. He had such a good eye for innovative stuff.  FENG CHEN WANG jacket available at Please Do Not Enter and ALLIGATOR JESUS bracelet. What was it like working with Nacho Nava cause I know you guys were working on a Netflix show together. Working with him was always a pleasure. He was always just so sweet so generous and he was just a great figure and really supportive of my label and my parties too. He would always, without me even asking, support a face of mine or event that I was doing that had nothing to do with Mustache. He was always so sweet. More recently, that’s actually kind of why the music video is dedicated to Nacho because basically I met the video director through Nacho. Nacho put us together in a conference call and basically we started talking and they had planned to bring some type of documentary for Netflix about kind of the more alternative more POC side of LA nightlife, specifically gay nightlife and queer nightlife. It was really just in the early stages of talk. We really didn’t get it off the ground, but Shahana, the director, was gonna obviously be on the director’s side and working on the shots and the camera stuff and all that. They wanted me to come in and add music to it, but essentially throw in some different raves and help bring in music so that we could create some events to film because there’s not, sadly there’s not a lot of footage of a lot of the old Mustache parties. They’re relatively undocumented, so that was the idea, but I think when he passed Shahana felt like it didnt’t make sense to pursue it still. It really was Nacho’s project. It was really just a conversation, but even just that concept was inspirational and meeting the director is kind of what spawned us to create the music video together in honor of him.  It seems like Nacho has been really influential to kind of your start here in LA and the music scene, but has he influenced your work at all kind of like maybe the beats you decide to use or the music has he influenced any of it? Since he’s not a musician or DJ himself I wouldn’t say it’s a direct influence on the actual sound. I’d say he’s more of an influence when it comes to throwing parties and bringing people together in the community and just showing people kindness and more of the things I spoke about a moment ago. Just about the social element of music more than the sound exactly, but I know the sound he likes and I think he had an appreciation for the sounds I work with.  MEALS shirt and pants. How does it feel to be in the genre again? It feels really good. I feel like with my last album Tears in the Club I was in a very kind of like atmospheric moody RnB space and ever since that album came out I’ve been doing more vocal production, working with singers, and I worked really hard launching the new singer that signed to Fade to Mind called Semma, so I’ve been really in that zone of creating something for vocalists and when I’m doing that I sometimes put aside exactly the Kingdom sound and I’m trying to create a universe for the singer that gives them a unique identity. It’s just a totally different assignment. It’s a different thing and it’s a different lifestyle too. It’s a lot of hours spent helping singers songwrite and it definitely tested my patience a lot of the time because I’ve spent quite a bit of time with several vocalists making demos for their projects and singers make hundreds of demos to test their project. A lot of time your beat doesn’t get picked or they go in a different direction or sometimes the vocalist is just caught up in other stuff and they don’t even release something. I might have been so in that world, so it was really refreshing to just kind of stop accepting bookings to do vocal sessions and I think it was kind of a reaction to doing all those vocal sessions that made me really want to just get back into my more ravey, clubby, housey references and it’s kind of also where I started. My first release ever, “Mind Reader,” was very kind of hard, weird, dance stuff, so I’m kind of going back and starting from scratch and starting from the beginning again and it just feels really good. I’m just excited to put stuff that’s more high energy and I’m DJing a lot right now, so it’s exciting to just play things that I can blend and just be kind of weird again cause I think working with vocalists it’s a lot more compromises, a lot more catering to them.  Do you have any inspirations for creating music, like are there any other artists that you look towards to or does everything just come from within? There’s definitely artists I look up to. Sometimes I freeze with the question because there’s so many that I have. I would have to say Rod Lee, Terror Danjah, and Darkchild. YOSHIO KUBO jacket and stylist’s own glasses. Would you ever mix different genres together like if you did RnB and dance music? Or is that something that you’ve already ventured into before?   Even though I do make some fully RnB sounding stuff, I kind of think that’s really what I’m known for even though the new stuff is pretty clubby, but I think you can still hear these little shreds of like the vocal stuff, the vocal samples. I think that RnB element is always there. That’s pretty much my mission, either I’m weaving back and forth or I’m weaving them together just kind of RnB sound with the club sound. For the next volume, I’m making another volume of the EXTERRA series and that one’s either gonna have more of the vocal stuff in it and I’m also working on my next album. I’ve got a lot of homework right now. I’m bringing in more vocal stuff as it progresses from my EP to my next album.  In regards to the vocal production, is there anything you look for in an artist when you want them to be on one of your songs? I love weird vocal textures. I just love when someone has a baby voice or has a strange croaky texture or has certain types of node that they like to hit. Just something that sets it apart because there’s so many people that sound so similar. And someone who’s not afraid of intense rhythm cause I think a lot of singers come from the studio wanting a really simple beat or something that sounds like their favorite, you know, Ella Mai song or like H.E.R. song or maybe a Corella song they heard or something, so I think someone who is down to get experimental and doesn’t mind sampling their voice. I’m especially also just addicted to high voices. I love falsetto. I’m known for working with women, which is my favorite working with female vocals. If I’m working with a guy he definitely has to be able to channel his feminine side. I don’t really like to work with men who wanna sing about the macho shit on the mic like I’m way more into men who are singing. you know explore both sides  MEALS jacket and pants. Do you have a certain process of producing or like how do you kind of create your songs? I’ve always been a drummer, so I feel like when I’m on my own making beats I always start with drums and just playing with different drum sounds and I finally, after years of not doing it, started to create my own drum kits and drum packs, so I have my own custom samples that I’m playing around with. When it comes to singers usually they’ll just freestyle over an existing beat. With Sema, the artist I recently signed to my label, she was one of the first people that I really just improvised with and sometimes she would just come in and she would start singing something first, so that’s a totally different process like kind of working in reverse and working from what her voice is doing.  Do you have any stories of the first time you met MikeQ or Ms. Boogie? This new EP I just put out, EXTERRA, Vol. 1, is kind of a throwback to the beginning of my career in many ways. One of them being that I’m returning to dance music and making just like much clubbier, harder material than I’ve made in a long time, but it also actually has two collaborations with artists that I’ve known for I think over a decade. Me and MikeQ and Shane Oliver from Hood by Air were the three Djs who got booked to DJ this artist named Reshaw Newsom. He had a party for one of his art openings. I had actually been a fan of Mike from MySpace and his website for years already and when I finally met him I just completely fanned out and got to play a track. My set was pretty much like MikeQ and Ivana Lore who’s like another ballroom legend. I basically played all super hard underground ballroom voguing music. I don’t think that Mike was expecting that from me necessarily and actually Mike went out on the dance floor and started voguing and he’s not a voguer, he’s a DJ. He rarely ever actually hits the dance floor and vogue. That was back when we Dj’d on CD so that night me and him like traded CDs and he gave me his CDs from his like case logic and I gave him CDs from mine. Ever since then we’ve been in touch and he’s producing music on my label as well, but he’s kind of hard to nail down and get a studio session with, so I’m just really excited to me and him having a track together 10 years later finally. My very first party that I threw on my own in NY was called “Club Vortex” and it was like in the back room of this art space, so it’s not really a venue at all and they didn’t have any security or anything and I think after the first one the word kind of got around cause you know under age kids are always looking for those very few places that they aren’t going to card, so I think word got around that there was this party happening that wasn’t carding and that was super open and fun and a few friends of mine actually showed up with Ms. Boogie at that very first party and me and her hit it off. She kind of got in a little bit of trouble that night. There was kind of like a little bit of a tussle on the dance floor and I think some wigs got pulled, but it was a pretty crazy night and that was before she was even just vocals, so it’s been amazing to see her progress into rapping and making music and I just love what she brings to the track. Saturday Kingdom performs with an Allstar roster including Bae Bae, BrownSkinHazel, Total Freedom and Uniiqu3 get tickets HERE Photographed by Alligator Jesus. Styled by Ally Nikoltchev Produced by: BJ Panda Bear Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. It was a family affair as last night UGG threw a banger to celebrate their now campaign featuring creatives in fashion and music including Slick Woods and son, Paloma and Ama Elsesser, Kim Gordon of Sonic Youth and daughter Coco Gordon Moore, Sasha and Sergio Lane, and Luka and Clark Sabbat. The event was a dazzling event paying homage to the brands California heritage.  The brand drew inspiration from the #UGGLIFE  campaign family-focused narrative highlighting the relationships and the spirit across generations that brings families together along with inspiring and challenging one another DJ’s and eyewear designers Coco & Breezy curated the events soundtrack. Staying on theme with a musical performance by SoCal local indie punk rock duo/brothers The Garden. UGG founded in 1978 by an Australian surfer originated on the coast of California. Renowned for its iconic classic UGG boot boosted by Hollywood celebs, and fashion editors around the world, the brand has extended into apparel and accessories with recent collaborations with the brands like Y/PROJECT and Eckhaus Latta. The evenings launch also featured the new range of buckle boots that also presented an exaggerated sole and a soon to be everywhere thigh grazing boot. After a dinner at the Roosevelt hotel, we caught up with the mama, muse, and all around bad ass Slick Woods to chat about #UGGLIFE.  Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Did you end up going out last night after the dinner at The Roosevelt? I’m a little exhausted but I don’t think I went out, I think went out went on me. How do you feel like UGG has fit into your life as a mother? UGG has been a big part of my life since the last campaign so we have been linking up. Do you feel like having a child has fit into life of the badass fashion creature you’ve always been known for? Yes, of course. I mean getting into motherhood and being an UGG mom has definitely been a big part of my life. You have really empowered the persona of the badass into this new creation, it’s beautiful. Of course, I had to slip into motherhood very unexpectedly. What do you see in the space between comfort and style? Well, comfort and style has always been missed together. I mean my style in very comfortable. Do you think simple comfort can be stylish? Yes, definitely, I am a little bit mixed with Tomb Raider, with a little bit of Kim Possible, and a little bit of, let’s say, Al Pacino. All together – that’s me What is one comfort faux pas you feel can never be chic? Broke shit… I don’t do broke shit. What is one comfort faux pas you feel we need to embrace more? Probably aristocratic shit. Like real rich nigga shit. I wish we did more of that. Yeah do more of that now! Do you see your son as following your footsteps in the modelling world? Hell no. My sons going to be a police officer or a fireman. And I’m gonna let him do that. Your film Goldie got great reviews. Do you see yourself getting more into film? No, the director was trash but my acting was fucking great. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   BUFFALO shoes. Make way for the newest edition to the female power movement, a DJ from Berlin who goes by Martafakka. With a background in Tech House, Funk House, Hip-Hop, RnB, and Afro House, she curates explosive beats that pulsate through the listener’s body causing them to not only feel Martafakka’s energy in her songs, but also having an almost out of body experience. As well, her expertise in mixing different genres creates a new kind of music and allows for a wide range of people to enjoy her work. Beyond her musical genius, she is an avid traveller, inspired learner, and according to her Instagram, is an animal lover as well. Take pleasure in reading the following interview with the creative genius.   BUFFALO shoes. Who would your dream collaboration be with? My favorites would be Dixon, Honey Dijon and Black Coffee What are you currently working on? And how is the process going? My main goal right now is to achieve the knowledge of producing myself. I have my roots in Hip- Hop and RnB and want to learn now more about electronic music especially tech house, funkhouse… I know that you have performed in Berlin, where would you love to perform next? I would love to perform in Ibiza, Amsterdam, London and New York. What is your favorite thing about performing and your fans? The best thing about djing is when you feel that people are getting exactly into your vibe and enjoy the party. What inspires your specific sound? I already traveled a lot in my life and I have been to many clubs where I got a lot of different vibe and music inspiration. What do you want your listeners to feel or take away from your music? The most important thing is LOVE, LOVE, LOVE and of course amazing energy! People should feel good and free while listening to my music. Its all about energy. What does your music creating process look like? I start with collecting my current favourite songs. After that it goes on with the main part; FIND MATCHING SONGS! It is my goal to combine all music genres with each other. There are no boundaries! Its kind of a process of course. Do you have a specific song that means a lot to you? What makes it special to you? It’s “Dirty Diana“ from Michael Jackson since I was a kid. It always hat something mystic about it…Who the f*** is Diana?!  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   REBECCA VALLANCE suit, ANDREA FOHRMAN earrings, and ANNA-KARIN KARLSSON sunglasses. She might not be a household name in America, yet, but Lila Iké has already taken Jamaica’s music scene by storm. Hailing from Manchester, Jamaica, she sharpened her teeth by performing at Jamnesia’s open mic on Saturday nights. The seaside venue (located in Bully Bay, about 20 minutes outside Kingston), has hosted many prominent Jamaican artists including Chronixx, Jah9, NoMaddz, and Protoje. The latter performer, Protoje, happens to be a Grammy nominated artist and his ears perked when he first heard Lila Iké’s music. He signed her as part of his collective, In.Digg.Nation.  Lila’s friendship with Protoje turned out to be the turn her music career needed. The signing thrusted her into the spotlight, where she’s performed alongside him at Jamaica’s Reggae Sumfest (basically it’s the Coachella for the country) with 30,000 heads in attendance then making her NYC debut at BRIC’s Celebrate Brooklyn! Concert. In 2017, Lila dropped her first official track, titled “Biggest Fan.” She wrote the song for her mother, whom she dubbed her “biggest fan.” The song’s release opened the floodgates for her solo career, with several other songs following suit. Earlier this summer, she performed on Protoje’s song “Not Another Word,” which acted as the biggest track she’s been apart of. After premiering on Rolling Stone, “Not Another Word” has graced Spotify playlists “Dancehall Queen,” and “Dancehall Official.”  While Lila Iké might hold the Reggae universe in the palm of her had, she’s not interested in classifying herself as a Reggae artist. She believes her music is more universal than to label inside a single genre. Flaunt spoke with the rising artist about her humble beginnings, treasured inspirations, and the meaning behind the words Lila Iké.  MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit and JIMMY CHOO shoes. I always like to know what influences an artist when they are writing and recording their songs. Who would you say are your musical influences? My favorite singer of all time is Garnett Silk. I love Toni Braxton, I really love Lauren Hill. All great artists in different genres and different types of music. But my all-time favorite is Garnett Silk. Why would they inspire you? Garnett Silk is my all-time favorite because of what he did for the music I don’t think anybody else did it. I feel like his voice, his style, he had a spiritual thing with his voice. Also, the fact that he didn’t get much time to do what I really think he wanted to do. Very powerful and very spiritual. How he was cut down so early almost makes me take up the responsibility, just make sure my music is on that level.  What’s your intention when performing your music? What are you trying to give your listeners with your talents? When I’m performing, I’m basically giving everything. With certain performers, You can identify with what they are saying. , You can see certain movements in their body, you can feel in your presence that music isn’t something they are doing to make some money. So when I’m performing I’m doing what I’m supposed to do, which is give it all Every artist has a different creative process when writing and recording music. What does your look like?  I search for inspiration, I don’t necessarily like writing with a pen and paper. When going through my everyday life, if a thought comes to me, i’ll whip out my phone and record it. Somethings I don’t record all my inspirations, but it comes upon you and for some people, it comes through like mediation or dancing or going different places. For me it’s all of the above. I like having conversations about different things. like learning as much as I can. I like listening to music, going to jam sessions.  ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER coat and boots, HALPERN turtleneck, and MISHO earrings. You’ve released four singles so far. What’s next? Is there an album or an EP on the way? Naturally, but I can’t say when. I am definitely working on new music.  We will keep our ears open! There’s a lot of musical genres, what inspired you to chose reggae? Is there a connection to the genre which drew you to it?  Personally, I don’t really associate myself with any particular genre, I feel like its a conscious thing. Like a work of poetry. I grew up in Jamaica, where there is lots of reggae. But I love reggae, it’s my favorite genre. I love spoken music, jazz, country music, reggaeton. But for me, reggae music is a part of me.  Are you still based in Jamaica? Yes. Rolling Stone premiered “Not Another World,” which features you working with Protoje and Agent Sasco. Are there any more collaborations coming up which you can tell us about? I recently did a song produced by Izzy which was released on the same day, so I haven’t been pushing it that much. That’s the most recent collaboration I’ve worked on but I’m interested in working with a lot of artists. I’d love to do a song with Chronixx and Koffee. These are things I have in my head that hopefully work out.  You recently performed at LA’s Delicious Pizza for their block party. Are there any more US shows coming up on your itinerary? Not right this minute, the next time I’m in America for a show is in Washington. My friend wants to come perform at his venue. Me, Sevana, a new artist called Jaz Elise, and another artist named Apollo. We are apart of their acoustic presentation. That’s the only thing I’m certain about. October 14th. Where did the name Lila Iké come from? What does it mean to you?  Lila, biblically was coined from my original name Alecia Grey. When I was born people would always shorten my name. They’d call me Leekee or Leelee. Once somebody called me Lila and I was very drawn to that name because I felt like a “Lila”. I made a Facebook account and used it as my Facebook name, it was “Lila Music.” And people started calling me Lila. Before I know it, everybody actually thinks my name is Lila.  Iké, I got that name from a friend of mine I met when I moved to Kingston. This guy had a Nigerian background. He grew up in Africa and said Iké is short for Ikechukwu, he told me that it meant “God is powerful” I grew up in a Christian home, my mom always went to church and believing in a higher being was always a crucial part of our everyday life. And I personally believe that there is something more beautiful and powerful than all of us here on Earth.  I wanted to appropriate this energy, which is the purest form of my music. That’s where Lila Iké came from.  It was great talking to you, is there anything you would like to add? I want people to know that it’s okay for them to be themselves, and they should go for whatever they want if they feel it in their hearts. If it brings them joy.   MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit. Photographed by Nolwen Cifuentes. Styled by Mui-Hai Chu. Hair: Darren Hau using Oribe at Opus Beauty. Makeup: Mylah Morales  at Exclusive Artists.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Autumn Hrubý is the founder of knitwear enthusiast and journal, Hesperios. The carefully crafted, sustainable collections express Hrubý’s philosophy of “quality over quantity,” with garments meant to last a lifetime. An extension of the brand is it’s dedication to classic and contemporary art, literature, and travel, which reveals itself in a biannual anthology— distributed internationally through art-and-design book stores, galleries, newsstands, and museums. This month, Hesperios released it’s third edition of the ongoing journal series, marking the celebration of both established and emerging creatives. From artists to chefs to filmmakers and poets, No.3 is packed with visual references, intellectual nuances, and personal anecdotes that will galvanize any and every reader. Flaunt spoke with Hrubý post-Journal No.3 launch to chat all things Hesperios. HESPERIOS founder, Autumn Hrubý. What’s the story behind the name of your line and literary journal, Hesperios, meaning “the evening star”?  My friend Evan Dando started calling me Hess as a nickname, short for Hesperios. At the time, Glenn O’ Brien and I were brainstorming potential names for my company to be. It was a long process, and he had several amusing options, but when I heard Hesperios, everything just clicked.   Of all the interviews in this issue, who surprised you most, and why?  Miranda Brooks interview. I loved discovering that she meditates with her client before each project to bless the land and ask the spirits for help.  “In Japan there is a standard practice to have a land blessing with the client and architect before any construction begins, to make peace with who has been there before, and to suggest where the spirits can safely wait until construction ends. Once construction is complete, they are invited back to bring love and a sense of being to what was created.”  Visually, how has literature and the art world influenced your designs?  Art and literature have influenced our brand in every possible way. I knew I wanted to make the perfect sweater and cardigan with reoccurring artist collaborations and less common color palettes. And of course, we publish art and literary books, which is at the heart of what we do. This has always been the idea behind Hesperios. Sometimes working with an artist on a particular cardigan will influence the range of colors for the collection, but I usually have a well-defined palette from the very beginning. I often have Maria Sibylla Merian’s books around for reference.   As fashion is the second most polluting industry in the world, how does your brand support sustainable practices? I’m glad you asked. This is a long answer, but it is the most important question I am asked. Hesperios has been called a “sustainable brand,” and I’m not sure what that means or if any brand can be truly “sustainable,” but we are trying, every day. I have set very high standards in the way I’d like to run everything. We are a small team, but we all care and want to do things differently and thoughtfully rather than arbitrarily pushing out more product. I think we’ve had a head start as a new company forming good habits in the early stages, rather than having to unravel detrimental ones later on. Even so, it’s a constant process which requires a tremendous amount of time to research alternative materials and more efficient methods of production.  It was always my intention to create a well-made, high-quality product that would last forever and age well. Our collection began with a sweater; designed as something you can keep as an heirloom— quality over quantity. We produce two seasons a year, with limited releases in between, all of which are produced in low quantities, so we aren’t sitting on excessive inventory.   We also recycle our inventory in a way that I’m proud of. In our last three collections, we selected a few styles from our inventory, like our Gayle or Lou knit tank, and combined them with pleating to create our signature Paloma and Lola dresses. Our collection also consists of a core library of year-round knits, which means we can keep these on our website longer because they technically don’t fall out of style. If we have inventory in a color that hasn’t sold as well, we dye it sustainably. Timeless and well-made products retain their value.  All of our wovens are produced locally in New York City. This reduces the waste of packaging and shipping materials. We try to use as much deadstock, antique, and recycled materials as possible. We will never produce leather, and we’ve kept our material options to a minimum. I don’t plan on using cashmere or wool. We plan to use 100% organic cotton by next year, and we’re also in the planning phase of bringing our knit production in-house, so we are in control of all phases of production.   I wish building a company was just about telling stories and making beautiful things, but this is such a small fraction of what is required. There can be a myriad of factors and variables which influence every decision and sometimes can be overwhelming. But we approach everything with thoughtfulness and integrity in mind.  I’ve been a vegetarian for 18 years, and I’ve always been conscious of my environment. When I was 20, I lived on a permaculture and biodynamic farm in San Miguel de Allende, and when I moved back to the states, I viewed our resources differently. I think this experience has informed my life decisions going forward, and I’m constantly reminded of those lessons. I recently sat through the Earthlings documentary and was completely shaken. It takes you through all the industries that rely on animals and how corrupt so many industries are. After watching this, I wanted to begin taking steps to become vegan. I also became overwhelmed with all the lifestyle choices associated with this decision and that if I became vegan, I would want the brand to be as well. Suddenly, becoming vegan was harder than anything I’ve ever thought about doing, especially regarding fashion. Right now, I am gathering the facts so that it isn’t an overwhelming transition. Leather is everywhere. There is no reason when there are plenty of alternative materials to use for a handbag or a shoe. But then, you also have to be knowledgeable about how those materials are made and the waste or toxic threats they could be creating.   Patagonia has been a big inspiration for my colleagues and me. My best friend, Miye McCullough, is our Director of Operations, and she has a background in Conservation, so we are always talking about sustainability. She recommended a book called The Responsible Company by Vincent Stanley and Yvon Chouinard. It has been my ongoing resource for information. I recommend this book to everyone, both personally and professionally. You can learn from their past mistakes as a company, how transparent they are, and what they did to learn and improve not only their production but practices on a global scale. The bottom line is that it takes a community effort to create change. The book is also a reminder that while mistakes are inevitable, what counts is how we solve each problem.  Everyone on our team has a genuine interest in sustainability. We enjoy the research process equally as much as the creative one. I’ve been a member of an innovative design library ever since we started, which gives architects and designers access to sustainable, biodegradable, recyclable, certified organic materials around the world. They have an actual library you can walk through and scan swatch cards; giving you instant access to suppliers who produce bio-leather from pineapple juice.   I don’t want to turn a blind eye to our ecological crisis. If I’m made aware of something that isn’t right, I will go to great lengths to try and correct it and make it better. But I have to remind myself that it cannot happen overnight.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 Drop 1 launching today, October 8th, Zara aims to release their variations on the here to stay khaki and uniform stylized core pieces. For decades in DIY culture, core basics have been used as representation and a source of visual language to identify rebellion and counterculture. These two characteristics are still used as the main sources of inspiration to highlight individual style and remain part of being unbranded in a capitalistic society. As well as being inspired by figures involved in the arts, musicians, actors, artists, and so forth. Zara is taking classic clothing archetypes with this new SRPLS CHPTR 03 line, consisting of outerwear, shirts, pants, and accessories, remixing them with new proportions, cuts, and sews every release to give a new meaning. This will be the 3rd instalment of Zara’s bi-annual SRPLS collection, showcasing men and women collections as in the past, but for the first time a kid’s line will be available. The collection speaks on the military influenced clothes that have become part of the world’s wardrobe vernacular for the past 60 years in popular culture. Made from premium materials, in limited edition with three releases each season. The collection will be available online and in select stores across the US, Spain, Germany, UK, France, Italy, Poland, Japan and China. Photos courtesy of ZARA Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Gucci has begun accepting applications for the North American Changemakers program, which includes its $1.5 million Scholarship Program and its $5 million Impact Fund for nonprofit organizations, and they have brought a collaboration with DRØME Creative Director Satchel Lee to announce it. The grant and scholarship open call announcement invites young people and nonprofits to apply to be Gucci Changemakers.  Earlier this year, Gucci announced its North American Changemakers Program, working in alignment with the company’s vision for garnering a greater social impact and pushing diversity and equity forward within the fashion industry. The film announcing the open call for applications was narrated by Changemakers Council Co-Chair, Poet, and Author Cleo Wade, and allowed for young people to share their own stories. Wade stated, “Change does not happen in theory, it happens in community. We are bringing the Gucci Changemakers initiative to life by bringing not only funds, but also time, energy, and care to communities that have been historically and systemically under resourced and overlooked for too long.” Both of the programs aim to do exactly that. They give to and prioritize historically underrepresented and marginalized communities in order to allow for the advancement of the youth and nonprofit organizations hoping to create broader change, starting within their own communities.  Learn more on applications and eligibility at www.changemakersus.gucci.com. Photos and video courtesy of Gucci Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   GUCCI jacket, pants, and shoes.  BEN SHERMAN top and pants, BRUNO MAGLI boots. The singer-songwriter and actor Chord Overstreet surprised a lot of his fans when, in 2015, he left behind his acting days on Glee to pursue a career in music. The son of Grammy-award-winning country music singer-songwriter Paul Overstreet, Chord had grown up surrounded by music, which he quickly developed an affinity for. Once he formed his own band, Overstreet, the singer was already opening for Demi Lovato and Nick Jonas on their Future Now Tour. After releasing some well-received tracks, the band came along with their first EP earlier this year Man on the Moon, Overstreet is back with the new track “My Ex.“ Flaunt sat down with Chord Overstreet and discussed his relationship with music, songwriting, and his newest single “My Ex”. I wanted to ask you a little bit about your upbringing. You were brought up by a Grammy award-winning father, you have a music-related name—it’s almost as if it was predetermined that you would be involved with music. It was probably my dad’s way of nudging me out the door with a guitar in my hand. I was the third one born into my family, and there’s three notes in a chord, so my dad and mom had names like that for everybody. My sister’s name is Harmony, like a four-part harmony, and a brother named Nash for Nashville, so everyone’s got a wacky name.  How would you say your relationship with music has evolved throughout your childhood up until today?  My relationship with music started out when I was really young and my dad introduced me to Elvis, the Beatles, and James Taylor. The stuff that I responded to was the lyrical content—songs with a story that helped you stepping out of reality, just being in your head and going wherever the music takes you. Lyrics first for me is where I always go, such as James Taylor and Bob Dylan, guys who were really able to paint a world.  Branching out into your own musical career—did you always want to do that, or was it a more recent decision after Glee?  I always did it just because I grew up around it. When I first moved out to LA, I was trying to get the acting thing going, and I had my guitar—it was always there. I never thought about it too much, I just always did it. I would be writing and I would be playing. Everything I got involved in and it worked always coincidentally had music involved, it kept chasing after me. I also always had the desire to do what my dad was doing. When I was probably 17 and playing football—I wanted to play pro football—I got a knee injury and was on Oxycontin on the couch. I was playing video games and my dad was like “Turn that damn game off and write a song!” So I picked up the guitar and couldn’t put it down.   That’s amazing. It’s good that it stuck, because I remember my parents forcing me to learn the piano at a young age, and I would get so bored by it. But then, the love for music sticks with you. It’s interesting because, when you’re a kid and taking music lessons, you don’t necessarily have the drive and determination —although some people do—to push that as a kid and develop those skills. Thank God that parents make kids take lessons because when you’re older, it’s there. I’m really thankful for my mom driving me to guitar lessons. It’s about having the foresight to see that it would be useful someday. Of course, I saw my dad do it, and he obviously taught me a lot about songwriting. My dad said something interesting to me. He had a rough childhood—he came from a broken home—and yet was always very positive in his songwriting, his message was really uplifting. Somebody asked him where his inspiration comes from when he’s writing, and he responded that he always wrote about how he wished his life was, not how it actually was, how he wanted it to be. I thought that was really cool, to be able to twist anything and make a positive message out of it. I’ve learned a lot from him out of my 30 years of studying him. I was really blessed that he put great music in front of me for me to learn from versus some of the stuff that’s pretty bad [laughs].  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. From all of these influences, how is it that you came to the sound you have now? I have a lot of modern influences even just in production, with the sound and current alternative stuff. Finding your niche within that, going back and taking some older retro production vibes and going in some of that—I would say it came from a lot of trial and error, honestly, just throwing a bunch of things at the wall. I was frustrated with not having a sound, so I went back and listened to a lot of Beach Boys stuff, as well as diving into deep tracks of music, while always wanting to make stuff that lasts for a long time. You find inspiration from the best.   You’re getting what inspiration you can from different artists and injecting it into your own style. Exactly. It’s like I really liked the way they presented that sound, how they had fifty different voices way back then, and just finding your own voice within that. A lot of the stuff I love listening to is just stuff that I want to drive to. Then I did a bunch of tours with just me and an acoustic, that singer-songwriter stuff. That’s a different side of me that is there, but after a while you just want to put on a rock show, you want to have fun, you want to express yourself and do crazy shit and not give a fuck about anybody.  GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and talents own ring. That’s actually what I wanted to ask you about next, about your shift from performing solo to having a band. It makes sense that you did it like your father before with the singer-songwriter aspect, and then you wanted to branch out.  That side of it for me is about expressing your emotions. You’ll to be up there, you’re vulnerable, and pouring your soul out. The band stuff and the energy—the crowd has so much to do with it. It’s such a release to be able to express yourself, and be that big, and be that loud, and to do whatever the fuck you wanna do. There’s such a rush in that, and when you go on and perform, you just black out—from the time it starts to the time it ends. Then all of a sudden I’m going, “Wait, is it over? Did that just happen?” It’s almost like its own drug, which you can get out of the singer-songwriter stuff, but that’s a little more therapeutic, and reliving some dark, heavier stuff.  You also have this support network of the rest of your band with you on stage.  Yeah. It’s fun to be able to make music with your friends, to shake out all of your anxiety, and nerves. I’m not a great dancer, so on stage I can just do the weirdest, craziest, stupidest stuff, and not give a fuck. That’s one of the things I like. That’s the only time you’re gonna see me blow off steam. It’s almost like you turn into a different person, which I love. That has a very similar connection with me that acting does. When acting, you get to disappear for a second. GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and KSWISS shoes. I really like that, because there’s also this other side of performing that’s filled with nerves, and you’re always worried about what people will think. But when it’s right for you, you just melt into it.  Once you say, “Fuck it,” and jump off…The first time I started doing live stuff with a band, I was learning my body, and how I move, and how I do things. But then, once you rip the band aid off and learn to not give a shit, to just have fun and move around like nobody’s watching…that’s the best. Once you can take that jump, it’s fun.  Great. I’m wondering, what artists today would you like to collaborate with if you had the opportunity? I would love to collaborate with Sting or, I listened to a lot of Aerosmith growing up they were probably one of my favorite bands. I don’t know what that would sound like, but probably more so the legends. Just to be able to say I did it and pick their brain. To get into their headspace and see what their creative process is like. Yeah, I’d ask a lot of questions like, “Hey, when you wrote ‘Dude (Looks Like a Lady),’ what was the story behind that? I’d probably be the most annoying person sitting next to them, because I would be asking them so many questions. I find that the process of songwriting is so different for everybody that “What inspired this, what inspired this, what inspired this” might open your eyes to all the things around you that you wouldn’t normally pay attention to.  BEN SHERMAN t-shirt, KENZO pants, and BALLY shoes. Going off of that, I want to ask you a similar question about your upcoming single “My Ex.” The songs on your Man on the Moon EP have a lot to do with past relationships and the effect they had on you. How does this single play off that? What inspired this direction that you’re going in? I wrote this song the next day after running into one of my exes. I ran into her at the bar and she was with one of her friends, and I used to hang out with both of them when we were together. I run into this person all the time, and I ran into her, and every time I run into her she’s with her boyfriend. It’s a little odd, because he’s just a little bit odd about it. We’re cool though, I love her to death she’s super sweet. She started flirting with me a little bit, talking and drinking. To make a long story short, we hung out and afterwards I felt like she was making a move on me—not that I would’ve done anything. Then her boyfriend showed up and the whole vibe completely changed. I found all of this really interesting, so the next day when I went into the studio to write, I started working on the track with my buddy, and in thirty minutes I had the song written. The thing I thought was interesting was, what if I actually did go home with my ex-girlfriend and she left her current boyfriend? I just thought that would’ve been an interesting hypothetical situation, because once you had that relationship with somebody, there’s always something that’s underneath a little bit. You’re always wondering “What if it turned out differently?  When you’re young, relationships end for reasons that when you’re older I’m sure they never would. There’s probably a reason and a good reason it did end. I self-examine a lot of my dating life. It’s an easy thing for me to really look at that while I’m writing.  That’s a positive thing—self-examination, looking at how everything went down and how you can change for the future—it’s a very good thing. It’s very much like therapy.  Like self-therapy almost.  It is difficult to analyze yourself without you running through your own protective filter. When something happens in a relationship, people see it from a slanted view where they end up not being as harsh on themselves as they are on the person they’re breaking up with. Being that way with yourself can be tough.  KENZO jacket and pants. Very true. My final question is, you know how people usually get an impression of an artist whenever they listen to their album or a single. I’m wondering, with the debut album you’re releasing next year, is there a specific impression you want people to get of you, whether as a person or as a musician? That’s a good question. My goal for this next batch of songs is—everybody relates to love, loss, things changing. They might not relate to the exact story, but everybody has felt that way, everyone has had that emotion. Being able to really put out emotions that are relatable, that hard stuff that you don’t really want to talk about, or being able to share the good feelings. It’s about being able to emote and give people something they can relate to.  They end up feeling an emotional connection to it. They have a connection to the music. Even if it is specific to my story. That’s probably the main goal.  That’s probably the main unifier between people and music—the ability to connect with an emotion or lyric, anything about it—it’s great.  It could just be a lyric, it could be something that makes you say “I felt that way.” Even Drake with “Why you gotta fight with me at Cheesecake Factory/ You know I love to go there.” That’s funny, and it’s real. I think it’s genius how specific that is, because you can’t make that shit up.  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. It’s specific enough that you can imagine being in a similar situation. Everybody has got into a fight with somebody at a place like that. Cheesecake Factory is just—I think that’s hilarious. Drake does that better than anyone. Great. That’s it on my part, is there anything you wanted to talk about that we haven’t touched on? We talked about the sound, the inspiration…The one thing I also wanted to talk about…just the…I guess we talked about it. Letting people in and getting a good look at who I actually am and what goes on behind the curtains, what grinds my gears I guess. Especially with this new project you’re doing, it’s a new path, and for people to see that and get their impression of you, it’s really important. It’s new for me, but it’s also thirty years of  my experience in self-discovery, and giving people a look into the reality of where I’ve been and where I’ve come from, that’s really important. That’s great. We very much look forward to your new material.  Yeah, I’m constantly writing, so hopefully I’ll get a bunch of new stuff out there.  Photographed by Jonny Marlow at Early Morning Riot. Styled by Brendon Alexander. Grooming: Avian King using Davines at The Rex Agency. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   A woman with a past containing hardships to a future where she can clearly see what she wants, Diana Gordon is back with her new single, “Becoming” which is all about celebrating hard work, being in control, and having her family by her side. She is a multi talented woman who sings, song writes, produces, and is a visual artist. Diana is not afraid to be herself and through her voice and singing, she has been able to have an emotional outlet. Her music is a mix of rhythmic drums, alternative rock, and dark folk, which create a melodic base for her powerful and captivating voice.  Diana has won Grammys in the past for her songwriting and producing work with many prominent artists, including Mark Ronson, Dua Lipa (“Electricity”), Beyonce ("Sorry", "Daddy Lessons", "Don't Hurt Yourself'), and more.  Her 2018 EP Pure was described by Pitchfork as being, “marked by her striking voice and emotional candor.” Diana has an album set to come out next year and will follow the tone of her new single “Becoming.”   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The high desert has remained as popular as it was 40 years ago to getaway to, when your dad was planning a Joshua Tree trip with his buddies and forgot to pack the trail mix, as well as the good suede boston birkenstock’s.  HWY 62 ART TOURS is becoming one of the fastest growing attractions taking place over 3 weekends in October, featuring 150 artists opening their studios to showcase artwork.  Part of the fun derrives from its self-driven aspect, furtherly explained by Art Tours Director, Bill Green: “The best thing about the Art Tours is that you never know what you’ll discover. With over 30 different categories of art, you might see a tile house followed by an abstract painter followed by a sculptor. You get to choose what you want based on your interest. There are so many different artists here with unique studio spaces that you can’t possibly see them all. It’s a big reason why we went to three weekends this year.” This special desert art tour taking place under the stars will take place this month in October over the spand of 3 weeks.  Weekend Oct. 5th & 6th, the 11th & 12th, and lastly the 18th & 19th. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Photo courtesy Nike. This is what we have been waiting for. In Los Angeles, Nike is coming out with limited-edition Air Max 270 React sneakers and fleece hoodies. Not only are they limited-edition, they are specially-designed by three talented L.A. artists: Sage Adams, Jheyda McGarrell, and Gabrielle Richardson. Each artist used their stories to create a this new collection of sneakers and hoodies, incorporating their unique style and flare. Flaunt was fortunate enough to get to chat with the women, see below.  SAGE ADAMS: The NY Transplant “Designed by artist and curator Sage Adams, this Air Max 270 React is a reinvention of the classic white shoe that Adams saw in her childhood. The shoe comes outfitted with a pizza slice charm to nod to the classic comfort from her home-state, a reminder to pay tribute to your roots.” What inspired you to pursue art? For me the lack of representation of marginalized people as popular visual artists really spoke to a gap I wanted to fill. We needed more than Basquiat, we needed to know Carrie Mae Weems, Kara Walker, Henry Taylor! I needed to see more of a spectrum of the stories being told and mediums used.  Do you feel that art has opened up new possibilities for expression for you?  Art In many ways has taken over how I see the world. Before I started breaking things down into shape rather than how they ‘actually look’ was the moment I began to feel like an artist. It’s opened my mind to an array of possibilities otherwise deemed impossible. I didn’t even think I could draw as a kid. What is the process you go through when curating an exhibition? Do you have a specific message in mind? For me it’s getting to know the artist and what made them make the thing and then it’s how do these things come together to tell the story.  What connects the works, what makes them different from other pieces in archive? What medium? What does the architecture of the actual gallery space look like? Creating an authentic representation of an idea or ethos is one of the hardest and most rewarding things there is.   JHEYDA MCGARRELL: The Homegrown Angeleno “L.A. native artist Jheyda McGarrell’s take on the Air Max 270 React is influenced by her Black and Mexican upbringing. Pops of red pay homage to rose bushes grown in the front yard of her childhood home, while gold accents represent the evolving idea of opulence for Black and Brown communities. Topped off with a cherub charm, a reminder to honor traditions and use the lessons of the past to keep it moving forward.” Questions for Jhyeda Mcgarrell: How does your heritage, as an Angeleno of both Black and Mexican decent, reflect onto your artwork? My heritage is reflected in all of my work due to the heavy impact of it in my formation. The contention of growing up experiencing all these different aspects of culture and tradition is an experience many without their stories ever been told. This specific project in my mind has worked to piece together the different aspects of the different culture backgrounds, that our two cultures share. This shoe to me bridges the created tension of an American landscape. It shows the ways we are one and the ways people like me live between these different ideologies and physical spaces. It bridges the weird black kid in the white neighborhood to the dark skinned mixed Mexican kid growing up with Tias smoothing down their curls and gives us space to just be all our different facets without contention.  What was the most rewarding and challenging part of this process? The most rewarding part in this has been seeing the smile on my mom’s face when I told her I was working on a collaboration with Nike. The most challenging but also rewarding part has been working with an entire crew of people to execute an idea which is still relatively new to me. It’s so beautiful to see all these brilliant, different minds working to make something I once imagined.  What do you hope people feel when they wear your shoes/hoodie? Confidence? Individuality?  I hope when they wear the apparel they feel like they are truly reflecting their highest self. I hope they feel comfortable and free. I hope they feel every good emotion that has been out into the making and the lifestyle behind the creation. I hope they feel loved because I know I do from them.  What qualities do you see in yourself that you know you got from your family? Pretty much everything. My family is completely made up of immigrants and all of the qualities I’ve gained from their strength and preservation in a country against them is appreciated. I have learned love and a desire to improve our lives and the lives around us and to honor heritage. I have learned even the qualities they might oppose in me. I have learned to always crave freedom and to always have a strong sense of self among so many other things.  It is so amazing that you get to work with Nike to be a source of inspiration for many people. What has inspired you, and in return, what do you want your work to inspire in others?  Thank you! It is literally such an honor. I’ve been inspired by everyone around me embodying the phrase “existence is resistance”. I’ve been inspired by the black, the brown, the indigenous, the queer, the trans, the fat, the disabled, the people who make up the qualities most worth embodying, utter freedom of expression and true strength. I hope my work inspires people to follow myself and others in moving forward towards freeing themselves and seeing the value in their everyday life, even when it’s boring, even if you hate yourself, like I did once and still do sometimes, I hope they know they are important.  GABRIELLE RICHARDSON: The Passionate Traveler “Neon meets pastel in a technicolor dream in the Air Max 270 React designed by model and multimedia artist Gabrielle Richardson. The colorway exhibits the dichotomy of the modern-day jetsetter — neon being those moments of movement, and pastels representing the comforts of home. Embellished with a ‘Real’ charm, an encouragement to make creative dreams a reality without letting others restrict your point of view.” Questions for Gabby Richardson: Which place that you’ve travelled to been the most influential, or just your favorite and why? I think the most influential place I’ve ever been is in Cape Town, South Africa. It was beautiful to be in a majority black country, but still felt a sense of disillusion being in a country with such an intense racial caste system. I felt so lucky to be in Africa, a continent that felt so connected to my identity but where I had never been. I met so many young talented South African artists in Cape Town who shared their art with me, and it reinforced my drive to do better to create and facilitate spaces for young black kids globally. What do you want people to feel or think when wearing your design? I want people to feel validated, I want to give people hope. I want people to know, in our constant shared state of anxiety that we live in that there is a silver lining. I used the neon colors because they’re utilitarian colors used often in industrial and emergency settings, I offset the abrasive colors with pastels to give it a sense of softness, and a sheer window so people can show off their personality. I think the real chain is self-explanatory, what you do, whatever you want to do, that shits real, that shits valid, don’t let anyone limit you and tell you that your aspirations are fake. What does it mean for you to be a part of Nike’s limited edition collection? It feels crazy! I As a child I never thought it was a possibility for me to work in the creative world and even more of a ludicrous fantasy to be able to have my own shoe. I think it’s a testament that any dream you have can be built. This journey with Nike has been a really formative experience for me as artist, I have never been so affirmed in my artistry. I was able to direct so many aspects of the campaign from the casting, color ways, and insert in the shoe. Being believed in is a magic that I want to pass on. Everything can be real!! What does travel mean to you? Through my time traveling I’ve realized that I learn mostly through experience. Through meeting people and exchanging stories of each other’s lives, I not only gain an objective knowledge but also broaden my emotional intelligence. A willingness to learn doesn't have to only connote traditional practices of learning, an education can be childlike and involves a lot of falling and getting back up. Traveling allows to see me to see the world for the first time always, everything and anything can fill me with wonder.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    WILDFOX clothing.  WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, JF LONDON shoes, ASOS belt, and KRYSIA RENAI necklace.  WILDFOX clothing and DALMATA necklace and ring.  WILDFOX clothing, B JAMES bag, WOLF CIRCUS necklace, and FARRADAS KNITS clips.  WILDFOX t-shirt and CLYDE hat  WILDFOX clothing, ASOS headband, IMAGO-A belt, and MALONE SOULIERS shoes.  WILDFOX clothing and MISCREANTS gloves.   Left to right: WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, VIA SPIGA shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. WILDFOX sunglasses, MALONE SOULIERS shoes, FARRADAS KNITSearrings, I.O. COLLECTIVE ring, and NORA KOGAN ring.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings.  WILDFOX clothing, TIBI belt, LADY GREY earrings, and MARY MACGILL necklace.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. In a city more rife with wantrepreneurs than we care to truly consider, there are origin stories aplenty. Divided this in two, split that up, and presto! Success! Took the family business and scaled it. Had an invention idea come in a dream and now we're shipping ten thousand units. Was in the right place at the right time. Knew a guy who knew a guy and the rest is history. Often rather boring stories. But how often do you hear of success stories that originate in the club? Business is done in clubs, business is celebrated in clubs, but rarely do you witness material success be birthed in the club. Enter saxophonist and entrepreneur Jimmy Sommers, CEO of Wildfox and 100% owner of the lifestyle brand known for its sun-soaked, sexy California attitude. In addition to being Wildfox CEO, Jimmy Sommers is a partner in top shelf tequila, Perfectomundo, with multi-Grammy winning DJ and producer, Paul Oakenfold, and owns a boutique line of beautifully hand-forged eyewear, very appropriately named Sommers.  Wildfox was birthed over a decade ago. While throwing must-attend parties all over the world, and made in LA units flying fast, the company navigated the economic recession and explosion of e-commerce with a big smile on its face. The birth of influencer marketing across Instagram, however, and a glut of fast, cheap fashion brands, have created challenges in recent seasons, and Sommers is continually seeking ways in which to stay true to how his brand was built and scaled, while integrating a modern sensibility for how fashion is currently consumed. Sommers took time on the deck of his Modern home in the Hollywood Hills, to speak on the changes he's witnessed in the apparel industry, as well as Los Angeles, as well as his only-in-Hollywood story of rising to musical prominence, and in so doing, creating a platform for himself with which to meet the world and explore other ventures. In support is a Wildfox Fall '19 editorial, photographed on the azure hills of Malibu late this summer by frequent Flaunt photographer, Shane McCauley. You found your footing in Hollywood with an exceptional saxophone talent right?  Exactly, being good at something was my way in. The saxophone was my in to Hollywood, in to different events, meeting people. It was a tool. I used the sax as a tool. In college I got a scholarship for it. Then I got to take a crack at LA because I had a reason: to become a professional saxophone player. I was very fortunate to have parents that are supportive and together still, which is rare. They’re my backbone.   And what sort of evolutions have you observed in the music industry over time? The music industry is… well, it’s funny because when I came out here there was something called smooth jazz, and there were jazz and smooth jazz stations. I grew up listening to David Sanborn and Marcus Miller and their style was my key influence. I had gigs all the time. But that’s changed and so has my music career. I used to go on tour all the time. So, the radio stations changed their formats and then comes Hip-Hop. When I was out here recording, it was Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg and Tupac and that era, which was cool shit—it still is cool—but now it’s a whole new and different thing.  You actually mentioned you recorded with all manner of artists at the time, like Tupac himself? Well it just happened that Dr. Dre and Tupac’s engineer lived in my house on Sunset. That’s how it came to be. All of the sudden I was exposed to this music, so then I was playing with them… What’s interesting is that when I was out here, I played saxophone at the China Club, and the China Club is where all the musicians came. I played with Prince, I played with the Kal David band. Rick James came to play. I was immersed with all these great musicians. And what was the sort of lightning bolt moment that deepened your involvement? I was a guest at a part of John Paul DeJoria’s house, the guy that started Paul Mitchell. I was at the bar drinking Patrón with Rod Stewart, who I had just met. We got to laughing and I said, “Rod, let’s go play with the band. I’ve got my sax in the car.” I went to get out my sax and next thing we’re on stage with the band. And that’s where JP was like, ‘Wow, you’re great.’ I didn’t have a record deal at the time, but he was like, ‘How can I help you? Come to my office.’ So inspiring. So I end up playing his gatherings where ten thousand people come, all his hairdressers. He puts a package together, about a hundred and fifty thousand CDs, and distributes them at the salons, which was a catapult to me getting a record deal. It was outside the box, and that really helped me stand out from the rest. That’s what he does. He builds people up. All of the sudden, when my record was done, all of the record labels wanted some. That’s when I ended up getting into the record business with Universal. They pushed me because JP believed in me. And what a vision. He actually started Patrón Tequila 29 years ago, sold it for five billion bucks. And what is he doing now? Giving back. He’s doing great things, and he’s always done that. Doesn’t just go buy a yacht or whatever. He’s such a humanitarian. The guy is just too good to be true. WILDFOX clothing And now you’ve launched your own tequila brand, Perfectomundo? My best friend met someone that owned the best distillery in Mexico. He said ‘we have the best blend of Tequila,’ so we decided to make it. We ended up collaborating with Paul Oakenfold to do Perfectomundo tequila, which is the same name as Paul’s label. It seemed like a good fit. It’s nice to have a business with friends that you can enjoy. We started it a couple years ago, and it’s doing great, and God damn you should try it. It’s delicious! Tequila’s growing big time. And ours has been rated in several shows and tastings, it’s won a lot of awards. The problem with these big tequila companies is they can’t make it fast enough. So they pump it through, and it’s not as good anymore. Being a boutique brand, it’s small batches, and extremely good. Has LA changed a lot to you since coming here? Oh man, in so many ways. To start, there was no bottle service. You’d go out, it wasn’t all the phones with the cameras. You’d go out there, you’d talk to people, not everyone was staring at their phones. That’s just in general, not just LA. But it’s not the same as it used to be. It still is beautiful. It’s still got talented people. Beautiful beaches, you know, beautiful hills. I suppose it’s just that technology has changed.   And how did you make the music to fashion transition? Were you inspired by something in general? Being in that circuit, going to Paris, seeing all that, the fashion shows and having friends in the fashion business was major. And what goes on in London, Paris, Milan—it's so different. Music propelled me to go and experience the world and fortunately enough there came an opportunity to get involved in something else. I knew what was going on in fashion, I was going to the trade shows, seeing what people were doing out there. And to put a different spin on something was key. These two girls came and pitched an idea, something different with a t-shirt company. Oversized, different shapes, something completely different. That’s when we first launched Wildfox. And of course it blew up. Was there a key moment in time? A couple girls came to me with an idea. I said as long as it’s the coziest, softest material, I’m down. That’s what I was going for—the best materials with the right washes. But, we couldn’t even get into the majors, because we had just started. One day, a friend, Alessandra Ambrosio, said, ‘Jimmy Sommers, I’ll model for you. I’ll put your clothes on and I’ll take some pictures. But you do it! You take the pictures.’ So when she was in town, I threw the T-Shirts on her. I had never done this before, so I went to Samy’s Camera and said, ‘Give me your best camera.; It was a 5D and I said, ‘Well, what do you do? I’m shooting a Victoria’s Secret model, what do you do?’ And they just go, ‘Yeah right, sir. Just put it in auto.”’ So, I bought the camera for five grand and went and she put on all the shirts. Then Alessandra was like, ‘Well you can’t use these because Victoria’s Secret is going to get mad.’ So, I said, ‘Ok, of course not, I won’t use these.’ Then, at the trade show, I blew up the biggest photo of her, which was overlooking the whole show. People took notice, and the first order I got was a $60,000 order from Kitson. And I go, ‘How did you see us over here? We’re not even in the main show!?’ And of course they said ‘well, we saw that poster of Alessandra.’ Of course, I was in debt, so it was so great. Alessandra was the key thing. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. How would you describe the identity of the Wildfox brand, how it came to be a force? I’d say along the lines of, ‘Oh, that’s the brand with the softest material,’ the funny sayings, ‘celebrities wear it’, that sorta thing. As the current Wildfox CEO, I ensure we make all our clothes in LA, and it’s great stuff that’ll last forever. Quality. Any person that has a shirt since we started is still wearing it—I’m wearing one right now. They’re out there and they’ve got a frickin’ Wildfox—especially in LA and New York and London—they have something of ours in their closet. Now these other brands come, these fast fashion brands that have Internet money, and it’s cheaper clothes. And there’s all this paying people to wear stuff. We never had to do that when I started. And there’s a lot of that now. Yes, and the mimicry scales so fast. There’s a lot of copycat brands, but what can you do? Just be original. When I started as Wildfox CEO, we thought simply: let’s make t-shirts like butter. The softest t-shirts ever. People say that our first shirts are like fine wine. They just keep getting better and better. They don’t fall apart. Now we have to keep evolving and doing other things. From dresses and higher fashion stuff. Everyone still loves a good shirt and sweats and loungewear, but you have to watch where the world is up to. And now we’re all watching each other on little screens? Yes! Instagram wasn’t around when we started. In fact, we were one of the first accounts to get so many followers. Now, everyone’s influenced by it, which is kind of sad, because it can easily get carried away. It’s good to get these people’s support, but you know… these influencers have so much coming to them. If someone likes a brand, they’ll wear it and talk about it. I talk about a lot of things I like. But, like, one post? It’s not sincere. Left to right: CLYDE hat, JF LONDON shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. CLYDE hat, HARDEMAN shoes, stylist’s own socks, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings. And have you felt tested by owning a company, dealing with the ebbs and flows from the top? Of course. Having a company, you’re working with people, spending more time with your colleagues than anyone. It’s nice to do special things and, hey, if you can be successful and be funny as a company, isn’t that great for everyone involved? Me, being an artist, I get carried away a little and spend too much, and it catches up. This month we are restructuring our offices, tightening up my business. Now we have all these incredible new designs, and there’s excitement at first, then a little stagnancy. Like a relationship. You have to keep tooling and pushing. And do you feel the trajectory is normal for a brand, like a cycle, or is Jimmy Sommers’ Wildfox different?  There are unique circumstances to Wildfox and then much of it is normal high’s and low’s for any brand. Looking back, when you’re rising every year, a lot of big brands would call me and I gave them the middle finger because I thought everything was going to keep going up. ‘I don’t need this, everything's fine.’ But sometimes you do need someone to come in and give some help. It’s been my strategy to stay a one hundred percent owner, but I'm always looking for a strategic partner who can grow it bigger and bigger. You’re always hearing about the pitfalls of growth in the fashion and apparel industry. Any truth to that? You get cocky, but, you know, the consistent factor is you always need some really good people around. I’m still dealing with people that I find out they were faking it. It’s like, what was I doing for the last seven years paying you a hundred and twenty grand? What were you doing? Because I love it when people leave or go and you don’t even need to replace them. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. And how about outside insights or consultation? Not being from this business, I’ve hired a lot of consultants. I’ve figured out that they’ve told me everything I was already doing. With consultants, I’ve learned they’re typically the failed CEOs of their own businesses, or CEOs that got fired, and they want a lot of money. Every consultant I’ve taken aboard hasn’t changed shit. They’ll move certain things around and they’re just shuffling papers. They’ll come in and paper shuffle, and it’s like ‘Oh my God, how much money am I spending?’ So perhaps it’s more in the creative structure? Who at this stage might you think to be an ideal partner? It’s got to be a funny cat. Look at Pharrell! He’s got all this crazy music, he’s great. We’ve met a few times and once I was like, ‘Aren’t you doing fashion?’ and he named four different companies. Wow, what a talent. So someone like that I’d like to get in the mix. New approach on creative ideas. Even Nike does all these things. Collaborations are big business these days. It sparks energy into something, so I’m looking for collabs and there’s a lot of possibilities. Jimmy, aside from being Wildfox CEO and tequila entrepreneur, how about your personal trajectory? Any excerpts from the book of life? All you can do is just learn from life and other people. But you have to trust other people so you truly can learn from them. And that doesn’t always work out, but you have to try. ‘If you look back,’ my father used to ask me, ‘would you change anything?’ You know what, no I wouldn’t. But maybe I have to say that because my father asked me! And how about music? You’re still keeping an eye on the scene? I’m always supporting new artists, as I was one back in the day. Lately I’ve been signing country artists. I know how it is, it’s tough. So it’s nice for me to help out other people, and not just for one song. You have to throw a lot in there and see what sticks. I did that with my music. I worked on three albums at once, and could never finish anything! But then I’d be putting together a record in Chicago, and I’d meet someone and they’d be like, ‘Let’s have ten songs in three months.’ And I was like, ‘Wow, that works.’ Deadlines are important! CLYDE hat, TIBI shoes, IMAGO-A bag, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace. And you’re building a studio up here in the Hills? It’s pretty amazing, the sound. I have a great sound system up here, and you can really hear when someone knows how to record, or mix. Man, that’s a big deal, the mixing. My favorite place to create is like this, where something sounds good. You know, in the Hills, in the studio. That’s why Tupac and everyone used to roll through back in the day! I had a recording studio! That’s why I’m building a new one up here. It’s a special spot. When you’re first in the Hills, you look out there and you’re thinking ‘Wow, I wanna move out here.’ And so I’ve always lived in the Hills, from all the way around. Like seven different houses, and I finally bought one. I look out, and I see the city sparkling, and all those people and their lives from here to as far as you can see, and you’re just on top of the hill, on top of the world. It feels frickin’ good, and it still does. And how’s it all going to land? What’s the big picture look like? Well, it would be nice to have a great relationship, and kids, and this and that. But who knows? Let’s just say I’m gonna die however, but with a smile on my face. Peter Fonda just passed away, and you know, his sister Jane, that’s what she said, that he ‘passed but he had a smile on his face.’ It’s like, have a good ride, because we’re not here forever. Photographed by Shane McCauley.  Flaunt Film Directed by Lucas Chemotti. Models: Dani Dolinger at LA Models and Patterson Wells at Visions Models LA. Styled by Britton Litow. Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co and Oribe at Nest Artists. Makeup: Cedric Jolivet using MAC Cosmetics at Lowe & Co. Manicurist: Lisa Jachno using Chanel Le Vernis at Opus Beauty. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019 The contemporary jewelry line, AGMES, is the brainchild of Morgan and Jaclyn Solomon. Each collection is influenced by facets of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art. The geometric and sculptural, metallic silhouettes reflect modern heirlooms, meant to last a lifetime. Handcrafted in New York, the sisters provide local jobs and utilize recycled metals, which is central to their code of ethicality. With the release of their Fall 2019 lookbook, Flaunt spoke with the Solomon gals to chat all things AGMES. Tell us about the inception of AGMES. Morgan Solomon: We hadn’t anticipated starting a line together years ago, it all happened naturally and kind of fell into place this way. I was working as a buyer at Bloomingdale’s at the time but always felt like something was missing in my life. After catching up with an old friend, I was re-inspired and decided to pursue jewelry design full-time. Meanwhile, Jaclyn had just resigned from her job as a sweater designer at Proenza Schouler. She had planned to take a little time off, but as I was getting ready to launch my first collection, I was asking her for more and more input. It started out with small projects, to larger projects like producing our first lookbook, and naturally led us to form a partnership. What aspects of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art inspire the geometry of your designs? MS: Our collection is very sculptural in nature, so we’re often inspired by sculptors such as Jean Arp, Henry Moore, and Barbara Hepworth, to name a few. We’ve also been greatly inspired by the designs of Charlotte Perriand, Pierre Jeanneret, and Mies van der Rohe. For our most recent SS19 collection, we drew from Ellsworth Kelly’s plant drawings. What dedications has the brand made in regards to sustainability?  MS: Sustainability has always been very important to us, but we feel that now more than ever, it’s crucial to keep our environmental footprint as small as possible. There is so much waste in this industry, and we think it’s our responsibility to make sure we’re not adding to the problem. All our products are made locally in NYC, which helps keep our carbon footprint small, and we use only recycled metals for all our jewelry. Any excess metal that hasn’t been used in our jewelry is melted and repurposed for new pieces.  Jaclyn Solomon: We recycle and reuse everything we can. We’re always bringing in bubble wrap, packaging materials, boxes, etc. from packages we receive at home so that we can reuse them instead of letting them go to waste. What are some of the ideas and concepts behind your Fall 2019 collection? JS: We drew from one of our favorite pieces from the existing collection, the Gabriela Bangle, which we had hand-formed from clay. We love the weight of this piece, the feel of it, and the look. So we wanted to continue playing with this sculptural hand-formed look, but play with the proportions and symmetry further. Most of this collection came from pieces we hand-formed from clay. Do you have a favorite piece from the collection? JS: My favorite is the Gabriela Hairclip! MS: I’ve been wearing the Medium Celia Hoops almost every day lately. And I’ve also been wearing our Domed Ring layered with the Cara Ring from last season. I love being able to build off the styles I already have.  What’s next?  MS: We’ve only just begun expanding into the accessories category – first jewelry, and then we introduced some home and hair accessories. We’ve been exploring the idea of expanding further into these categories, in a way that stays true to us – beautiful organic forms, all of which will become modern heirlooms and embody a sense of timelessness. Photography: Arno Frugier Creative direction: Ashley Helvey Model: Audrey Marnay Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Perverze is the burgeoning Tokyo-based, avant-garde street label taking off in global proportions. The brand is comprised of an on-going collaboration between creative visionaries in Japan, and founded on the retro styles of the 80s and 90s counterculture. Despite the decline of fashion retailers in recent years, Perverze is one of Japan's fastest-growing fashion startups. From shredded knits to tailored coats and bucket hats, the brand champions it's vintage aesthetic with modern functionality.  With recent media frenzy, Perverze has teamed up with Assembly NY to launch it's official U.S. presence. Starting November 15th, the Fall/Winter 2019 collection will be on display in New York's Lower East Side for a month-long showcase. Although this pop-up will be brief, Perverze has no plans to slow down any time soon. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On a mid-fall afternoon, Graham Tyler and I sat down at the High Line Hotel. Surrounded by its collegiate gothic-style architecture and mid-19th-century mementos, we reflect on the time ambiguousness of it— much like his work. Once a student of sculpture and millinery, Tyler found his craft somewhere between bespoke and ready-to-wear, although, he’s not the typical trend-leaning, Instagram-hype designer we’ve become accustomed to. Rather, he’s more introspective, and frankly, unparalleled in his skill. Blending Renaissance, Edwardian, and Victorian silhouettes, Graham modernizes each garment reference through a contemporary lens. In conversation, we spoke of his interests, inspirations, and career from past to present.  How did you decide to study sculpture at Cleveland Institute of Art, and how did that lead you to your millinery apprenticeship with Marta Glazen? I started with painting, and my work was about the body. When it came to actually choosing my major, I ended up going with sculpture because I was more interested in tactile 3d works at the time. And again, I was making a lot of things about the body. From there, I realized I really wanted to learn a craft and wanted to have a skill— a real solid craft skill set. I was looking around at what would be of interest to me, and then I became kind of obsessive about really fascinating textiles. So just in happenstance, I found a woman in Cleveland that was taking an apprentice. Her name was Marta, and she took me in very kindly, and it was very intense; it was about two years with her. Two years, for five, maybe six days a week. I learned a lot from her. She's worked with everybody, and she was wonderful.  How did you decide to switch from sculpture to hats to ready to wear? I was making headwear for a lot of different people in New York, from stylists to runway to a lot of nightlife personalities. People would constantly ask me, "Can you make a garment to go with the hats that your making?" So I thought that I probably should learn how to make clothes. I was making a lot of clothing and headwear. Then, some of the designers that I was working with for their own lines  said, "Just start your own thing."  You went on to make custom headwear for Lady Gaga, Barneys NY, Adam Selman, and Polo Ralph Lauren, to name a few. What were those experiences like? Ralph Lauren for Polo was a full-time day job, and I was doing headwear. That was a really great experience of learning the ins and outs of a brand and how a brand functions at that scale. It's especially nice to work at a brand with such a specific aesthetic. When it comes to celebrities, I work with a few different stylists and such. I largely work with Zaldy, who is a big costume designer. He used to be the designer for LAMB for Gwen Stefani. I worked with him, and it's a really great relationship because he can transfer the information and the aesthetic that they're looking for quite easily. Celebrity work can be tricky because we both come to the table with totally different aesthetics. So I try to translate their thoughts and their words through my hand, which can be kind of a tedious process. It's a lot of give and take on that, but in the end, it's fun. Speaking of costume design— have you ever considered crossing over into that category? I mean, I now understand why Christian Lacroix decided to be a costume designer. Because there's a lot more freedom in that— I don't think I would, because I don't feel that my clothes and the topics that I'm discussing in my work translate well on stage, so I probably would never become a costume designer. None of my clothes have any historical accuracy. I'm usually re-cutting a historical garment into something totally different, or I cut a jacket as a shirt, and I cut a corset as a jacket. I kind of am shifting and re-translating and re-curating things. Your silhouettes are a modern and original take on historical fashion with an emphasis on curved seams, leg of mutton sleeves, corsets, suit vests, and so on. What era's in fashion do you find most influential to you? And do you see a resurgence in antiquated-style clothing? I think the world is consistently reflexive. I think that that is relevant to me. I do see a resurgence in— at least currently, there's a lot of Victorian and Edwardian references transpiring. Especially with puffed sleeves, these are quite popular at the moment. The most recent collection was largely about Mary Shelley and her husband and the Pforzheimer collection at the New York Public Library, which focuses on 1819 to 1845. I mainly stuck to that time period as to the corsets, jackets, and shirts that I was cutting— I was referencing those styles. My work blends Renaissance, Edwardian, Victorian, and some extremely contemporary styles of cutting so that things never feel historical, and they never feel contemporary. They always feel like this very time ambiguous work, which I think is a new way of making clothes — to be very time ambiguous about the way that you're working. Overarchingly, people describe my work as being very Amish. I definitely take that as a compliment, just because I think I cut very graphic shapes, but with very tactile textiles and very hand ROT textiles- and that's kind of an Amish practice. The wonderful thing about Amish is that they look the same today as they did, and they do still.  Speaking of your SS20 collection, "The Origin of Failure," what's the meaning behind this title? It's a long, drawn-out situation. Though the collection was about the Pforzheimer collection and Mary Shelley and her husband, it also was in tandem with trying to figure out what contemporarily is a Romantics approach to making things. I was really inspired by glitch art — also, the act of being romantic about pixelated data. A lot of the prints were all glitched out. I was glitching the images with the love letters. I was typing the love letters into the code of the photos and glitching them through that by putting too much data into the back end. So the long drawn out part of it is that there's only one real piece of critical academic writing about the glitch art that's called The Aesthetics of Post-Digital Objects, I believe. It refers to a glitch as the origin of failure. I was really fascinated by that term. Also, it's terminology as linked to Mary Shelley's obsession with failure in her book and most of her literature, but especially in Frankenstein. What were some of your other points of inspiration for the collection?  I was looking at one specific love letter, which is dated August 23rd — my birthday, that Mary Shelley's husband sent to her. Then when he passed away, she rewrote it, and the rewritten version is at the library. That was the main graphic, and then I referenced for the styles that I was cutting a few original Parisian fashion magazines from the early 1800s, these little women's books. Then a diary-slash-entertainment book that a woman named Anne Wagner kept, and I created a dress using her entire book that I reprint. That dress now will be in the permanent collection of the Phorzheimer. They have bought it, and it'll be the only piece of contemporary clothing that exists in their archive, which is really wonderful. Those are the main things that I was focusing on visually.  Do you have a favorite piece from this collection? The jacquard triptych. The three-piece suit that had their love letters and embroidered into it was my favorite look. That garment is made with this new technology that I'm working on with a computer weaving company in California to be able to create jacquard garments with no wastage. That's how the Mary Shelley corset was also created. They normally create a lot of wastage to make that work.  Art plays an innate influence in your work. Do you prefer antiquity or modern art? It's a big mix in between. I don't think there's an art style that I don't like for the most part, but I'm not a big Surrealist fan. There are a few artists that I'm always thinking about, but I only look at historical art when it's when it pertains to a specific topic. I know the Smithsonian Institution in DC was an important gallery to you growing up. What's your favorite museum today? As a child, we went to that museum almost every summer in DC. There's a Vermeer room that was important to me, and the room about Alexander Calder in the Modern was significant for me as a kid. The feeling of uncanniness inspired me in his work. I recently went to the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum. That was probably the most fantastic art experience I've had because it's really beautiful to experience art of that nature and of that caliber on non-white institutional walls. What are some of your favorite art movements and painters? My favorite artist is Joseph Cornell, who created these incredible little boxes filled with objects. He dealt with melancholy, nostalgia, and love in the same way that I do. I have a soft spot for miniatures and small works of art. I am more inspired by the underpaintings of paintings than I am of the paintings themselves. The color palettes from my work are based on Versailles' underpaintings, which are black and white paintings that they do before they do the painting on top. Any of the artists in the Baroque time period did that a lot. I look at Baroque paintings and Baroque unfinished works of art quite often. I also look at Jasper Johns work a lot. Currently, there's an artist Jefferson Hayman. He's a photographer, and he does these really beautiful little photographs that are my current obsession. Your last two collections have focused on the use of muted colors. Why are you more drawn to grays and blacks, and do you plan on reintroducing color in future collections? I'm partially color blind, and managing all of those colors was very hard for me. I realized I was in a very different place at that point in time. The short answer is no; I won't be going back to color. I consider those first two collections iterations of me attempting to figure out what I wanted to make. Then the most recent collections are me telling the world what I am making and what I am planning to continue to make. Gray, black and white will always be the base, and I will softly incorporate beiges and taupes and rusts, and some kind of soft lilacs. Everything else will stay rooted in those colors. I also like that you could, in theory, take any piece from those collections and moving forward be able to put them together because colors will always match up. I think that's important for the people who look at the clothes and also wear them. How do you achieve your impeccable tailoring? What's your trial and error process like while developing silhouettes each collection? My suits are sewn by hand. They are quite meticulously sewn, and I make all of the patterns and samples.  I keep everything really structured, largely just because I'm drawn to those really aesthetic lines. It was more so a very long learning curve to have to teach myself how to sew a suit like that. I was looking at a lot of old designer suits who made stunning haute couture suits. That's where I learned how to make the ones that I make now. So what's next?  I'm launching e-commerce in the next month or so with some of our core styles and shapes. I am really focusing on the dress shirts. That's kind of everyone's favorite item from us. I'm currently in the Elaine Gold Launch Pad program, so lots of things to come through the CFDA and the EGLP. Then I am already starting the textile development process. The process is very long, and we create entirely new textiles every season, almost every textile is exclusive to the brand. I'm in the process of ideation and also agreements between what collection I'm going to be allowed to use next. There's a lot of logistical things with these collections, so I'm working on what collection I'll be using next. Clothing: Graham Tyler ‘The Origin of Failure’ Produced and Directed by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: Jack Belli Styled by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Mia Varrone Model: Inga Dezhina at Supreme Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Veronica Vilim, Luka Sabbat. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Frida Aasen, Laquan Smith, Daniela Braga, Robin Holzken. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Lion Babe. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Beau Jangless. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  LaQuan Smith. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Aamito Lagum. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA Photo by Avi Gill Last Thursday, New York designer LaQuan Smith and cherub denim brand, Jordache, celebrated its capsule collection at Cipriani's private club, Socialista. Elsa Hosk, Luka Sabbat, Danielle Herrington, and Elisa Johnson, to name a few, sported their Jordache x LaQuan Smith looks as they wined, dined, and grooved to an impromptu performance by Lion Babe. The collaboration, displayed in Smith's Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, is inspired by the NYC nightlife, offering a fresh and reinterpreted version of Jordache's playful denim silhouettes. To view the full collection debuted in LaQuan Smith SS20 click here. Photo by Avi Gill Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Kelcie Schofield is the founder and designer of the contemporary clothing label, CIE Denim. Conceived in 2018, Kelcie fills a gap in her industry by reusing and reworking pre-existing denim as well as solidifying a new and less toxic manufacturing process. Whether it’s restructured silhouettes, deadstock materials, or Naveena Mills’ cutting edge Horizon fabric, CIE represents the future of manufactured denim in our increasingly destructive global climate.  In addition to responsible garments, Kelcie melds this effort with creative design applications— each piece one of a kind. With flipped pockets on the ankle hem, an upside-down jean fit, and color-blocked seams, each design reflects a unique twist on traditional denim norms. Post Spring/ Summer 2020 presentation, Flaunt spoke with Schofield to discuss the past, present, and future of CIE Denim. Tell us about the inception of CIE. CIE was started from our two core silhouettes - our upside-down jeans and shorts. I wanted to create an item that made heads turn (literally) but could also be worn day to day. How do you aim to be a new and unique voice in the industry of denim? Every piece we come out with should have something that gives it an extra spark. We’re here to make unique investment pieces that you feel good about buying.  How do you view sustainability as an essential component of the current fashion climate? That’s exactly how I view it - an essential component. Sustainability, for me, is a non-negotiable for any new business to find success in the current climate. Since I launched CIE in 2018, there has been a noticeable change in the industry and how customers view their clothing.  What are your efforts in regards to sustainability? Explain your “slow-fashion” philosophy. I have two sustainable mediums I work with right now. The first and the essence of what built CIE is reworked vintage. Even for our knits, we reworked Hanes T-shirts. Using fully recycled materials creates an exciting challenge for each style that I enjoy working through. For the sustainably manufactured denim that we source through Naveena Mills, we do fully “new” jeans made entirely from the Naveena fabric as well as combining the new fabric with vintage materials.  How do you believe denim will evolve in years to come? I think sustainability will continue to be a driving force in the denim industry. My hope is that companies established and emerging will embrace responsible practices. It’s slowly transitioning, but it’s not quite there yet.  What’s next for CIE? More learning and growing! We plan to push the brand into unexplored territories, whether it’s new materials or new silhouettes.  Clothing: CIE Denim SS20 Photography by: Phoenix Johnson Model: Lyn Hersh Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli. Creative director Wil Beedle hosted an event in honor of AllSaints 25th anniversary.  Accompanied by musical guests such as Flaunt Fave Arsun Sorrenti, the night was a classic celebration at Chateau Marmont’s bungalow 1. Hoards of the coolest kids hung out chain smoking by the pool while a DJ set by Hateboy got the rocking crowd weirding out to some house tracks. The influence soaked crowd included Ariel Beesley, Bec Adams, Ally HilFiger, Amanda Steele, Eddie Mitsou, Gavin Turek, Finneas, Kate Parfet, Kilo Kish, Marta Pozzan, Rainsford, Salem Mitchell, Sara Cummings Zach VIlla, and a host of other Beauts. Photographed by David Vassalli. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The contemporary retail concept, Maiden Name, is the brainchild of Alix Freireich, and David Lê. While the founders met at Vassar College, they reunited to bridge a gap in the interconnected realm of e-commerce. With assistance from Jesse Hudnutt and Susan Lee, the four embark on a journey to reconnect the roots which link fashion and fine art.  Following a seasonal calendar, Maiden Name will organize its collections as an online, and interdisciplinary group show; showcasing exclusive artist collaborations alongside in-house women’s apparel. Like a chest full of curated gold, Maiden Name may hold the key to your future treasures.  In a recent conversation, Flaunt spoke with the founders to discuss the start of this forward-thinking, art formed, and eco-minded community. Tell us about the genesis of your retail concept, Maiden Name. Maiden Name really emerged out of our own sense that we didn't have a place where we loved to shop. It also came out of an acknowledgment that we spend a lot of time shopping and consuming media online, and those activities all seem to take place in the same dead, zombified e-comm context. So when we found ourselves with an opportunity to share work we love, made by people we love, alongside the apparel we make, it felt like there was an opening to use e-comm differently. We call ourselves "Maiden Name" because we want to highlight the people and stories (the "maiden names") that usually get erased when things enter the public sphere. And we wanted to keep this feminist gesture, insisting on a kind of independence, even as we credited those that came before us. Tihngs by Eric Oglander Photo by David Behl What are your thoughts on the link between fine art and fashion? We think about this a lot, in part because we need to protect the fine artists we work with, and an association with fashion can make their work seem trivial. That's just a fact, even though, by and large, we think it's bunk. We think of artist/designers like Sonia Delaunay, or photographers like Grete Stern and Ilse Bing, who all straddled the worlds of art and fashion and did great work (a full century before Sterling Ruby and Cindy Sherman!). That's why we highlight them on our Instagram @maiden.name.store. But we do recognize the need to let art and fashion excel on their own terms. We want to produce fashion that's technically perfect, that's beautiful. Our objects are freer, in some ways, to be about other things––they can be "about" history; they can be weird, or conceptual. What unifies everything is our sense of our customer's needs––they want beautiful, thoughtful, well-made clothes, and they want to collect beautiful, thoughtful, and well-made objects. What influenced the first womenswear collection? The collection draws on Alix's archival research, so it brings together 19th-century reference pieces and touches of the 1970s, modernized and rendered in high-quality materials. The Zoe Shirt, for example, is modeled on an Edwardian grandfather shirt that was still in great condition because it was made in silk. Ours is silk too, and we hope it also lasts a century. We describe the core concept as "70s Renaissance Fair," which sounds odd, but the end products are all meant to be totally wearable and versatile. We want them to be sexy and smart. And it felt like that was missing from what's out there now.   How does sustainability play a part in your collections? Sustainability is core to what we're trying to achieve. We make everything here in NYC, so it's a local supply chain. We use deadstock material, and because our production runs are so small, the wastage is minimal. More broadly, we need to slow consumption down (which is an odd thing for a fashion company to acknowledge). But we want customers to buy less and buy better. Our next step is to scale up in ways that will allow us to ensure sustainability from raw materials to end product. That's a challenge, particularly when you're small. You feature collaborative work with Paul Arnhold’s hand-blown glass and Eric Oglander’s collection of 19th and 20th-century folk art. What prompted the choice of these artists for your first collection?  Paul is a dear friend making very beautiful work here in Brooklyn. That was a no-brainer. We found Eric through his "Craigslist Mirrors" project (@craigslist_mirrors) his Instagram-based collection of images, sourced from Craigslist, of mirrors for sale. We thought that was brilliant. And his Tihngs project is too. Both Eric and Paul have such distinct points of view (and are making work that is almost diametrically opposed, formally). So they seemed like great partners to open the collection with. Indigo Vase by Paul Arnhold Photo by David Behl What are your favorite pieces from your inaugural collection? We love the Tamara Top. It almost verges into historical costume, but doesn't, and ends up being so cool. We also love the Tramp Box, which is sculptural, and modern, and old at the same time, and the Graffiti Vase, which is kind of a twisted take on Paul's other work. And we love the framed set of Leung Kui Ting prints––they look simple, but the more time you spend with them, the more you like them. That's always the real test when you collect.  How do you envision the growth of Maiden Name? I think first and foremost we want Maiden Name to build out the line beyond shirting. We also want to have more of a physical presence. It's hard to communicate something like the perfect fit, or the beauty of hand painting without having people see things in the real world. At the same time, we want to expand our digital presence and knit together a community, folding in our friends in Berlin (at the end of 2019) and then with more cities in 2020. Photography by: Matt Grubb Styling by: Gabriel Held Model: Fiffany Luu Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   While the fashion industry is backed by an insatiable appetite for the new, we find ourselves in a current climate of trying to stay well-fed, while simultaneously reminding ourselves the importance of sustainability. These three young designers have found a way to bring forth something innovative, while also holding themselves accountable. We have Bethany Williams, conceptualizing clothing with a focus on social issues, Christopher John Rogers, designing for those influencing radical change, and Emily Adams Bode, sourcing from the past to create something for the now. Interviewed by Mui-Hai Chu Photo courtesy Bethany Williams What drew to design? My love for fabric construction, and how design can be used to find solutions. I read your mom help knit and create pieces for you. Was she ever in fashion as well? She used to be a pattern cutter for factory in Liverpool,  and now she does soft furnishings and she also does my netting as well. Obviously your family is really important to you. You grew up in Liverpool?  I was born in Liverpool but then I grew up on the Isle of Man. It’s such a small tight-knit community. Loads of things are locally produced and there weren’t many main stores growing up. How do you describe your design process? It always starts with an issue I am trying to solve and then we work with a charity that tries to talk about that issue. What issues are you looking forward to promoting? I think for the next collection I’m working with a charity that makes temporary housing for women and children. Who would you say are your inspiration or muses? I love other designers like Walter Van Beirendonck I’ve been a massive fan girl for a while. Do you have any type of life inspiration outside of fashion? I do like artists like Egon Schiele. I really love his work. My inspiration is probably my family.  What do you think are the bigger challenges you face trying to be sustainable? I think sourcing is a massive one, as is pricing, and having things available. How do you decide to up-cycle a piece? How does the process come about?  It kind of depends on the project we’re doing. We will be doing the collection and there are staples that we always upcycle. I’m trying to introduce more and more. Where do you hope to see yourself in the next five years? I would like to start my own social manufacturing project in the UK. Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy  Christopher John Rogers To start at the beginning, what drew you to design?  Anime, manga, and cartoons—especially people with special powers. The ability for clothing to help people self-actualize and to give them a newfound confidence. You grew up in Louisiana. What effect, if any, did growing up in the south have on your creative evolution?   A real sense of polish and refinement is found in the South – especially in the Black Church. Spending time with my mother and grandmother in church helped me curate an eye for the finish and cut of clothing and has been an inspiration for me ever since. How would you describe your design process?  I'd describe it as visceral. Although I try to be strategic, I'm ultimately extremely influenced by my intuition, emotion, and heavily inspired by color. As a recent graduate, what is the best advice you've received from your mentors at SCAD?  Work hard and stay true to yourself. There are always people that might be more talented or more privileged than you, but hard work and humility know no bounds.  Where do you find inspiration? Everywhere! Debris on the side of the street, mid-century couture, things my friends are wearing, et You've dressed people from Cardi B to Michelle Obama. Having worked with so many influential figures, is there a lasting moment with one that stands out to you the most?  To work with a woman that's equally revered for her intellect and passion, as well as her individualistic sense of style, is definitely a highlight. My family was also extremely proud of me, so that's a plus! Where do you see the fashion industry headed in the next 5 years?  A sense of increased accountability and transparency that's come with the proliferation of social media. I think we're going to see a complete upheaval of the traditional ways of showing and interacting with fashion. Tell us about your fall collection.  Stonehenge, quinceañeras, and Dr. Seuss. What's next?  Everything! We're working on our Spring 2020 collection and are also finalists for the CFDA Vogue Fashion Fund, so we're working our tails off! Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Where are you from, and how has that made an impression on you creatively? I’m from Atlanta. My parents were from Massachusetts, so I spent a lot of time in Cape Cod. I have this juxtaposition of New England and the South. The effect Atlanta had on me was not only the southern hospitality, but a lot about celebrating craft and culture. Tell us about the moment you knew you wanted to become a designer.   In high school, I was taking extracurricular art classes, like how to draw, technical fashion. I also took a croquis drawing class, and it must’ve been junior year that I knew that I wanted to be a designer as a career choice. I went to Parsons for menswear design and I went to Eugene Lang for philosophy. In what ways does the study of philosophy and your interest in fashion design connect? I think it’s primarily the way that I come up with a narrative for the season, and what sorts of questions in culture—my culture, other people’s culture and tradition—should be asked and should be addressed. How to talk about the historical narrative around clothing, and dressing. You’re known for re-contextualizing materials in a lot of your garments, many of which are vintage textiles. How did you get into the textile portion of it? Since I was a little kid, I had been interested in buying antiques and all of the historical narratives alongside that. We would go to all of these antique markets in Atlanta, and flea markets in New England, in and around Massachusetts. Why design menswear? I went to school for it, but I’ve always been interested in designing for someone outside of myself. Tell us about your fall collection. That collection was inspired by a narrative around gallerist Todd Alden, who is an ephemera dealer in downtown New York. I worked with him and talked to him about his life, collecting, what sorts of things inspired him to collect, where he lives, history of that location, his family history, how he came to become a curator, and the moment he opened his own gallery. Where abouts do you find inspiration? Following the life of someone and their relationship to objects, the domestic space, and the traditions that have shaped their lifestyle. Do you ever see yourself getting into womenswear? Not right now. We have a bunch of stores that pick it up as women’s, but it is traditionally a menswear brand. In the future maybe we’ll have a different conversation around that. What’s next?  Right now, we’re working on production, but really building out our own manufacturing space. Most of the collections we make in New York is made in our own studio, so building that out is the next step.  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Images courtesy Bethany Williams. Images courtesy Christopher John Rogers. Images courtesy Emily Adams Bode.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. A brand that makes style, comfort, and practicability a priority while making sure to evoke confidence, Knorts recently launched a new collection called, Scarlet Knorts. Color is the main factor of enhancing the garments’ attributes. Traditionally, Knorts has used the color blue which represents calmness, coolness, stability, and reliability, which are all components of confidence and is the signature color of their denim wear.  Knorts’ new capsule collection, Scarlet Knorts, incorporates the feelings associated with the color red. This collection aims to evoke strength, warmth, comfort, love, and power into the customers’ everyday life. Befitting to their aim, these characteristics can also support the feeling of confidence. There are future plans to create more color capsules to keep both the brand and wearers in an emotional equilibrium. This launch is partially used to spread awareness about California fires with 10% of proceeds from the Scarlet Knorts collection being donated to fire aid services.  Shop the new collection here    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   As I walk in the flagship Messika store, I’m greeted with smiles, macarons and diamonds. Immediately I felt that I had entered a world of femininity and style. The pieces are beautiful and delicate, yet powerful. Messika is an iconic jewelry brand worn by celebrities like  Rhianna, Penelope Cruz, and even Serena Williams during her training session. Valerie Messika, founder of the brand, created the trend of “everyday diamonds.” Much of Valérie’s inspiration comes from art, playing with a Calder sculpture in her father's office, absorbing from his collection various details of line, movement, color, composition, which have shaped her overall sense of form and proportion. I got the opportunity to chat with Valarie and try on some of the most gorgeous pieces of jewelry I’ve ever seen.  Why did you choose LA for your flagship store?  We are a family business so we are very intuitive and organic on how we do our business. We met a partner here in Los Angeles called Westime. They are very strong in the jewelry and watch industry. They work with Richard Mille and Audemars Piguet. They are also strong with red carpets in Hollywood so we decided it would be a good idea to open our first flagship store here. What do you hope the new store will bring to the brand?  I’m so excited because I can smell that the Americans in this area love jewelry. But they want something easy to wear, cool and light. This is the Messika philosophy; bringing a coolness to wearing jewelry that is very fine and delicate.  The workmanship and quality of the diamond is the top, but it’s cool. You can enjoy it and wear it everyday or on a big occasion. You can mix it with a casual or sophisticated style.  What was it like having Kate Moss as a muse? The moment I launched my brand 15 years ago I knew she was my muse and inspiration. She's really iconic for me. She embodies femininity, fashion and style. When I launched my brand and the philosophy I wanted to break the traditional code of jewelry. It was made for big occasions, but I wanted to make it apart of fashion and style. That’s why women like Kate Moss are so strong for me.   How would you explain the woman in the street wearing Messika?  The strength of Messika is that the women wearing it range from 18 to 70 years old. I love when I see different types of women wearing it with different styles. It’s not that we are putting a logo on the woman. We can see the personality and the style they embody with the pieces. It’s not about how rich or strong you are. It’s about the feeling and attitude that you have with your own style. It gives you self-confidence.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On Wednesday we celebrated Benetton’s new pop up shop in Santa Monica with prosecco and polaroids. Benetton Group is one of the best-known fashion companies in the world with a network of about 5,000 stores and a headquarters in Ponzano Veneto. The brand is known for its bright colors, the revolution of the retail outlet, and their unique sales network.  The new collections embody both the old and the new, featuring an exciting fusion of its classic colorful style with its newer streetwear-inspired elements. The artistic direction of Jean-Charles de Castelbajac, who is known for his iconic teddy bear coat worn by Madonna and portraits of Andy Warhol, shines through the recent collections. He recently united with the Benetton Group earlier this year, which was announced at Milan Fashion Week. He announced backstage that “The DNA of Benetton and mine have many similarities…this meeting between us is happening at the right moment, too, because this idea that desirable things can be of good quality and be affordable to many people is very interesting now…Benetton has been sleeping a little bit. But it has all this sleeping potential. And its base is very strong.”  Bring some color into your life and visit the pop up open from October 25 through November 24th!  Santa Monica Place Floor 1  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Courtesy Hublot With Halloween around the corner, Hublot stirred the cauldron to create a sapphire and emerald green Big Bang MP-11 watch. To give it its unique shade of green (not quite emerald and not quite sapphire), they used a material that has never been used in a watchcase. The material is called SAXEM, which is short for sapphire aluminum oxide and rare earth material. It is a mixture of aluminum oxide (the basic component of sapphire) with rare-earth elements like thulium and holmium.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   KAIMIN is the raising utopian brand initiating the posterity of attire. With a foundation of innovation and inclusivity, the namesake designer may well be sent from the future— sent back a couple of hundred years to propel the industry forward. Harnessing the power of the digital space, and the resourcefulness of sustainability, KAIMIN crafts intergalactic garments with a cunning dose of raunchiness. In a recent interview, Flaunt spoke with the avant-garde designer to discuss the evolution of the label, cyberspace, and the forecast of tech-induced fashion.  Tell us about the creation of the brand with your business partner Dmitri Pchelintsev. My initial foray into clothing design came in 2014 with the Zero Zero Vol. 02 project – a multi-sensory, high-tech video popup exhibition with an installation by Snarkitecture, which I was the protagonist of and also directed alongside stylist Nicola Formichetti and photographer Miles Aldridge. We had the honor of presenting the Vol. 02 book at my beloved Paris store, Colette. As part of that project, I created a stand-alone clothing capsule for the female character, and a very prominent singer ended up wearing some of my pieces in her music video. I felt compelled to create a full collection, and my very good friend Dmitri, who helped produce that very pivotal Zero Zero project, really believed in me as a designer, so we formed the KAIMIN label together in 2016. Dmitri is a creative marketer and business operator who happens to have a very strong background in finance, having spent many years at some of Wall Street's premier institutions investing in renewables, green-tech, and sustainability. Having helped grow several tech-enabled startups, he now oversees all of KAIMIN's business strategy and operations, while leading our expansion as a digitally-native brand, including the recent launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line.  How have innovation and inclusivity played essential roles in the brand? Innovation and inclusivity go hand-in-hand for me, as tolerance for new and crossover ideas breeds progress. KAIMIN leans heavily on technology in everything we do, and aesthetically we work with all types of creatives, communities, and personalities because anyone can uncover something new and beautiful, irrespective of age, race, and gender.  Besides using innovative materials, production techniques, and data analytics, the brand benefits from social media's global reach and the unprecedented direct access to talent that it affords. The Internet is a boundless creative nursery of young innovators that come from all different realms, including art, fashion, music – we love and fully utilize this cross-functionality. I grew up an outlier in a homogeneous society, so I feel my clothes have to speak to things beyond style and promote ideals that are important to me, including social and economic inclusivity, as I feel everyone deserves a voice. In addition to connecting through unrestrained creativity, I try to make items that are more accessible, including from an economic standpoint, and which still adhere to my design and high-quality philosophy – we launched SLFF KAIMIN exactly for this. What facets of New York's underground scene make appearances in your garments? The New York underground scene has this alluring aura of the forbidden, with sexier and darker undertones and the sense of a risque adventure that is addicting. During our SS20 show, for instance, we contrasted the primarily bright and colorful collection with a very dark and sexy setting, aiming for the set design to evoke a feeling of an underground party with red backlighting and a minimal, heavy electronic soundtrack. NYC subculture is edgy, extremely diverse, and creative and demonstrates some of the greatest social acceptance anywhere in the world, which really allows me to meld it with high fashion in a fun way. I love working with established as well as cool new, up-and-coming artists and personalities that grew up in this environment— I draw a lot of inspiration here for my design, music, lifestyle, and the overall direction for KAIMIN. The digital world is a key influence to the brand, hence your Fall/ Winter 2019 collection, "2081: CYBER-ORDINARY". What were your main inspirations and references for that season? Our Fall/ Winter 2019 collection explored archetypes of future beauty and was heavily influenced by such films as Blade Runner and Ex-Machina, specifically their protagonists – androids and cyborgs. I'm a total believer in the eventual symbiosis of man and machine.  In large part, that collection was about defeating the mundane and exploring and strengthening that which sets one apart, no matter the era. If today's fever pitch around privacy, sexual correctness, censorship, etc. ever leads to a dystopian control of self-expression, I'd want my clothes to declare: "when the extraordinary is outlawed, only the outlaws will be extraordinary." What's your view on cyberspace and it's distraction from the real world? I think we're in uncharted waters, and we won't be able to properly assess how good or bad this "distraction" from the real world is for a while, if ever. The cyber is already the real. There are definitely multiple ways to look at this, and it's certainly also a generational thing— just look at the debate around "screen time" for kids among young parents and scientists and the interesting arguments presented by media proponents, including Gary Vaynerchuk. All I know is that this is the manifestation of human progress, and there's no way back regardless, but to me, the benefits outweigh the potential hazards. We are now superbly equipped for improved communication and increased input – although, where the quality of consumed content, general overexposure, and the "3-second" wars are going is a different question.  For KAIMIN, Elon Musk's Neuralink can't arrive fast enough! What were your conceptions involving the recent Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, "INTROSPECTIVE PRISM"? This season, our main collection shared the runway with the launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line, which celebrates self-confidence and self-expression. The overall creative direction was influenced by the sub-conscience theories of Sigmund Freud and films like Annihilation, aiming to expose inner fears to release suppressed identity and desires— literal empowerment through self-discovery.  The collection explores two distinct notions for evolution of human form – through technology and through biological mutation. From the outside, the driver is mechanical – artificial furthering of self via machine. From the inside, the driver is bio-spiritual-- the natural furthering of self via selective mutation of flesh and mind— a physical metamorphosis through the unrestrained self. This season's motto is: "Introspective Prism – Refract all versions of self, Mutate desire and identity, Evolve in spirit and form." With our current climate reality, how do you plan to focus the brand on a more sustainable level? Being on the cutting edge is important to us to both achieve a futuristic design and to help push progress, validating applications of new technologies. We always keep an eye on the new tech that has shown promise in helping to lower the environmental impact of manufacturing, and we try to do our part by using many recycled, sustainable, and organic materials, including Better Cotton Initiative fabrics in our SLFF KAIMIN denim line. As we grow, we will continue to place greater emphasis on better production practices, safer materials, and less waste. Explain some of the laser cutting, production techniques, and 3-D print experiments that are implemented throughout your garment construction process. KAIMIN utilizes quite a bit of technology for manufacturing, content production, and branding, including 3D printing, laser cutting, digital art, AR/VR, motion tracking, etc. and we always seek to emphasize our future-forward thinking in our designs. For garment construction, we use some techniques because they create unexpected and groundbreaking visual results, while other methods actually make sense from a time and capital-intensity perspective.  We're pushing the brand's tech boundaries with the "Stratasys x KAIMIN" 3D-Print Denim Capsule Collection— the first time ever an industrial-quality 3D geometry is printed directly onto denim. We designed the intricate CGI geometry, multi-depth opacity, and colormap in collaboration with Fitchwork to make the final print. Stratasys are pioneers in the additive manufacturing space and have some of the most advanced 3D printing technology in the industry, accompanied by an inherent desire to experiment and come up with something new and cool. They wish to make everyday life better by bringing 3D printing technology to a greater part of the world faster and disrupting the fashion realm is quite big on the radar of Stratasys global creative director, Naomi Kaempfer— so what better way to help assimilate and democratize the tech for clothing than with one of the most common garments, jeans! How do you envision the future of fashion norms? I'd like to think that the future will bring abundance and innovation not just in the material sense but also in our culture and thinking, where humans will finally reach total equilibrium with nature, and each other— no prejudices— and KAIMIN clothing is but one way to represent this future. Like everything else in our society, fashion will continue to be transformed by technology, faster and more accessible information transfer, and diverse global audiences. This, of course, means a lot will change in fashion's tangible areas, like materials with never-before-imagined physical properties, more efficient production techniques, the continued proliferation of smart garments, and increased expectations of what clothing should do for the body and mind. But, to me, the most interesting changes are already occurring on the more intangible, creative side. People's unprecedented ability to communicate who they are has opened up new frontiers. In only a few years, social media exposed how varied yet similar and interconnected different cultures' tastes are, and how people of all walks of life can become influential by traversing these different planes. Being skilled in multiple areas has become the norm for many young creatives today, and this 'polymathism' affects fashion a lot. There are so many cross-functional innovators out there, and fashion definitely benefits from this, becoming more interesting and multifaceted.  What's next for KAIMIN? KAIMIN's mission is to keep innovating ourselves and keep collaborating with people that push the boundaries across the various artistic disciplines and product segments. We want to be more cross-functional and would love to do more than just fashion, even if it's in a more non-permanent format like seasonal collaborations. I wish to meet and inspire more people and to learn from them so we can all come up with a never-before-seen symbiosis of unlikely fields that not only is cool but also could change lives for the better and bring signature KAIMIN flavor to people in more than one way. With that said, I hope to continue building our artistic community and form a creative confluence platform – a culture nebula for local and global artists – to support innovation. To that end, we have already established an endowment fund some time ago, via our Zero Zero Project initiative, which periodically disperses funds to help finance targeted projects. And in that same vein, KAIMIN presented the SS20 show in collaboration with Studio 525, an iconic exhibition & event space housed in the former Andrea Rosen Art Gallery in Chelsea, as the inaugural project for Studio 525 Art Accelerator, which has a very similar vision to ours and aims to provide a physical place for work and showcases to artists and the creative community in general. Produced by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: : Franco Velastiqui Art Direction by: Delfina Pia Rey Styling by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Kevin Cheah Model: Cassie Priestley at Next Models. Styling assistance by: Sabrina Aguirre and Mila Sanguinetti  Credits: FW19 KAIMIN clothing, and GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI heels. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. MAX MARA dress, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. VERSACE dress, earrings, and rings and AGENT PROVOCATEUR underwear. ETRO dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, B-LOW THE BELT belt, and NANCY NEWBERG earrings. HALPERN dress, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring, and ERINESS ring. MAX MARA sweater and dress, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. PREEN BY THORNTON BREGAZZI dress, B-LOW THE BELT belt and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings. ALESSANDRA RICH dress and necklace and MIU MIU earrings all available at MatchesFashion.com, and NANCY NEWBERG rings. AGENT PROVOCATEUR slip dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace and ring, ALINA ABEGG earrings, and STATE PROPERTY pearl ring. ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER dress and scarf, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings and ring. PALOMO SPAIN jacket available at Please Do Not Enter, LA, ALINA ABEGG ring, and MISHO earring. Photographer: Vince M. Aung.  Model: Inga Dezhina. Stylist: Mui-Hai Chu.  Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co. & Oribe Hair Care at Nest Artists.  Makeup: Natasha Severino using NARS Cosmetics at Forward Artists.  Production, Photo, and Styling Assistant: Corrine Ciani Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Being Sustainably responsible in 2019 now means making some changes with how designers are choosing their resources. The female founders behind 42|54 and long time friends Elodie Ouedraogo and Olivia Borlee are both Belgian Gold metal athletes, and now business partners who strongly believe in that type of fashionably responsible involvement. It took them two a clean 42.54 seconds to win a Silver Medal at the Olympic Games in Beijing 2008. That Silver medal turned into Gold, when the winning team was disqualified due to a failed drug test. It was abundantly clear that dirty athletes have no place in sports. That’s when the Gold medalists decided they wanted to make a change. “Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes!” The contemporary active label launched its first 100% sustainable FW19 capsule collection  made of plastic bottles and recycled ocean waste. They believe that great design should also be sustainable. The brand teamed up with renowned textile companies who propose fabrics made from a fiber called SEAQUAL and NEWLIFE recycled from ocean plastics to create the new high-end "made from waste" active wear line that asserts the modern streetwear appeal.  The founders make a conscious effort to be an honest and transparent brand, by largely working with local manufacturers and suppliers.  Elodie and Olivia’s next steps will also be 100% sustainable using organic yarns working with GOTS (Global Organic Textile Standards) certified factories, hang tags produced with recycled paper along with recycled fabrics developed with fibers using the oceans waste and plastic bottles. They both are devoted to giving a second life to stock and leftover fabrics from previous productions along with biodegradable packaging. The The fashion-forward duo provide advanced functionality while calling themselves a "100% sustainable company in the way we work, produce, and live." Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. What was your biggest fear about starting your own line? We believe there are a lot of similarities between the world of sports and fashion. It is about being fearless,  following the process put in place while listening to your gut feeling at the same time to achieve the absolute best. It is about taking a leap of faith in yourself, your partner and your idea. For us creating an activewear collection that was high-end, transcendent  and made in honest and transparent conditions Felt like a void that needed to be filled within our community. There was a clear vision, which was bring some fun and fashion back into the world of sports without ignoring the functional and technical side of the garments. When we decided to launch 42|54, a reference to our winning time during the 2008 Olympics, we didn't really think about it as we both love a great challenge. We just jumped, head first.  There was a lack of experience. (We had both been guest designers for other brands, but came quickly to the realization that this doesn't even come close to owning and managing a brand.)  With that lack of real experience sometimes came also the fear of not being taken seriously. In the beginning we went probably over prepared into ever meeting we had. Not only out of respect for the person sitting in front of us, but also because we wanted to show that we were serious about entrepreneurship.  That we understood that there are no shortcuts to success Initially we also didn't communicate a lot about our backstory either. We didn't want to be perceived as two women who were the faces of the brand, while having an entire team waiting in the back to do the real and hard work. From the beginning we sourced every fabric, button, zipper, label or elastic band you'll find in our collection. Through (sometimes) expensive mistakes and failure we learned a lot. And today we are an authentic brand and a viable business because of it. Aside from the activewear, what other sustainable efforts are being practiced within your company? 42|54 has always been mindful of how and where we produce. After having represented our country in the best way possible in sports it only seemed logical to carry out the strong identity and values that Belgium has created with 'The Antwerp Six' in the world of fashion. We worked a lot with local suppliers. This put our brand already at a 50% of sustainability, solely based on the business decisions we made from the very beginning. Last year we were able to evolve in our sustainable journey by replacing already locally created fabrics by sustainable ones. We also adapted our online service by working with Repack. Repack is a company that offers reusable bags. For every bag clients return to us after their purchase, they receive a small discount. We on the other hand can recover the packaging for a new customer. Additionally we switched to biodegradable labels, we don't use plastic bottles in the office and work with a cleaning company that only uses natural and biological cleaning products. All the employees who live in Brussels, where we are based, walk or take their bike to work.  What was the moment or person that inspired you to produce your own line? We have always looked up to and been inspired by strong female athletes and more so in the 80's and 90's. These were absolute fun times where athletes didn't only stand out with their extraordinary performances, but also by the way the dressed on the field. Women like Florence Griffith and Jackie Joyner-Kersee wore leotards, belted bodysuits, one-legged  and lace leggings. They highlighted their personalities with exciting, daring activewear.  But of course we don't have to look too far. We are surrounded by strong women. Our mothers, sisters, friends and colleagues. 42I54 is built by women, who work very hard every day to create the best possible collection for women. Our sustainable mission on the other hand comes from a very personal experience.  We initially won a silver medal during the Olympic Games in 2008. Eight years later that silver eventually turned into gold when that winning team was disqualified due to substance abuse discovered during a large series of retesting.  This had a major impact on the on athletes worldwide. And while many of us became strong advocates for clean, drug free sports we are less outspoken when it comes to clothes we wear while performing. We felt this too has to change.  Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes.  Sportswear made in honest conditions and without the environmental strain it has today. We can no longer only applaud recognition and financial gain while wearing our low cost shirts. Because someone, somewhere is suffering because of it. Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Just for fun, what are your zodiac signs? Aries and Pisces What are you wanting to accomplish in 2020 with 42|54? It has always been our goal to become the brand that serves as today’s personal survival-kit and Wonder Woman cape all wrapped into one fashion-forward label for all women. 42|54 is for the young women we help through our 'Athlete Ambassador Program'. By supporting them with well made performance gear, we support their dreams of one day becoming professional athletes. Often big brands want to see results first and will later support in anyway possible. We believe talent need’s to be nurtured when  personal budgets are insignificant or non-existent. Today we are proud to announce that 3 women from our ambassadors program will participate in next year’s Olympic and Paralympic Games. We are most definitely also the go-to brand for women who like to have something that is different. Today many women try and balance a career, family and personal time. Finding an outfit that accommodates that lifestyle can be quite the search. The idea to have a legging that has the advanced functionality you'd expect from activewear, yet the high-end look and feel that makes it chic enough to wear outside the gym is very appealing to a lot of women. A winning combination we can offer to our women as we can pull from our own experience and expertise. On top of the need to be unique or different, women want to be informed on what they are putting both in and on their bodies today. Furthermore we would like to continue to develop our sustainable journey and dress as many great women in the US as we possibly can.  We had the opportunity to visit LA recently and it is inspiring to see how a city has succeeded into merging sports into the everyday life. It embodies the definition of an 'active lifestyle'. What were your childhood ambitions? Elodie: I always wanted to be a hairdresser or own my own cafe. That was until I realized that being a bar owner entails more than just serving great coffee. Olivia: I wanted to be a florist. I think I have always been inspired by beauty and making beautiful things. In what place are you the happiest? Most productive? The school of Sports is a great one to graduate from. Being professional athletes has taught us many life lessons. It teaches you to be independent,  winning, losing and how to persevere. Through our careers as professional athletes we have had the privilege of seeing a part of the world and experiencing different cultures and people. We are very appreciative that to this day we get to travel for work from time to time and see our designs come to life in our factory. Funnily enough, the traveling in the past also taught us the importance of home. And how it remains the happiest place for us. It is also where we get most creative. Before we were able to rent our own office space we used to work out of the kitchen. Today we still come up with the best ideas when we are surrounded by the feeling of familiarity. So thank God for WhatsApp these days. How do you live a sustainable life outside of the company? It is important to stress that we are by no means green warriors or examples of how to live a sustainable life. But we 100% get the message and understand the urge to react today. We all have different battles to fight in life but we are convinced that with little effort we can already make  a big difference. A few changes that we have made:  -no to fast fashion; buying less clothes and smarter -no more plastic bottles and additionally be more mindful of the use of plastic in general -buying fresh and seasonal fruit and vegetables instead of pre-packed food,  -reusing the same bag instead of buying a new one for groceries,  -sort trash -the use of natural cosmetics -leave our cars in the garage if not needed  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Published for the first time and celebrating 50 years since the works were created, ‘DESIRE’ by Lloyd Ziff documents New York City in the late 1960s. Ziff’s work captures a New York teeming with fantasy and rebellion. The book tells a story of cultural resistance through Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe.  ‘DESIRE’ was the first photo shoot that Patti and Robert had together. The two of them were photographed in their Hall Street Space in Brooklyn in 1968 and in Ziff’s small apartment in the heart of Greenwich Village in 1969. The book features 65 previously unpublished works including street photographs, original contact sheets, and notes that form the history around 1960s New York and the lives of these two iconic figures. The intimacy between the two paints a picture of the city at this time, pushing their icon status aside to view the city with a more personal lens. 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff “I myself never felt comfortable doing anything with the pictures. Then in 2009 Patti phoned and asked me for permission to publish two of the Hall Street portraits in JUST KIDS, the first portraits of them together she noted. 41 years had passed. . . Robert and Patti had become legendary. Robert and I had remained friends until he died in 1989, and I had enjoyed commissioning and publishing photographs of his when I was the Design Director of House & Garden, Vanity Fair, and Condé Nast Traveler in the ’80s. Now it’s been 50+ years since I happened to see Robert and Patti crossing the street near their place in Brooklyn. The photographs we shot then are, as are all photographs, documents of a particular moment in time. They have also become documents of a time when two of America’s most important artists were very young, very beautiful, and very ambitious. It amazes me to share those moments from so long ago today.” – Lloyd Ziff, 2019 100 “Strictly Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff, with a “Limited Edition” signed and numbered C-Type print. 500 “Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff. Available now Photos courtesy of Lloyd Ziff and Avenue Communications  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker. HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  FALGUNI SHANE PEACOCK bodysuit, HARDEMAN chaps, BUSTED BRAND gloves, PLANET I sunglasses, and MELODY EHSANI earrings and DALMATA choker. It’s been just over a year since Doja Cat’s “Mooo!” swept the screens of millions across the globe. And unless you’ve been living under a rock, the American singer, rapper and producer begs no further introduction. With that said, in case you have in fact been dwelling beneath stone, then you should know that the future of music is Doja’s for the taking. With her 2018 claim-to-fame music video sitting atop 50M views on YouTube, and her most recent visual release for “Juicy,” featuring Tyga, breaking 20M in two weeks, the musician’s growth is unshakeable, having cemented her place through sweet sonics and visuals that pack a punch. As she so bluntly claims over the phone from her apartment in Los Angeles, “It’s only the beginning. I feel like I really know who I am and what I’m doing with my next project.” The bovine-style music video released last August would eventually flourish into a viral meme. “I didn’t mean for ‘Mooo!’ to get as big as it did,” she admits. “I had more serious music to put out, I’d been working on so much other stuff, but once I put the cow costume on, I had to do it. It was the only way I could get it out of my head,” she explains. Within days of the abrupt upload to YouTube, the video had racked millions of views. The dairy dreamscape was by no means Doja’s introduction to the music industry. In fact, she had been signed to RCA Records since 2014, after the successful release of her debut single, “So High.” From there, she followed up with several tracks, including “Go To Town,” off of her debut studio album in 2018. “Before ‘Mooo!,’ we hadn’t really gotten any viral hits, or had any hits, period. We were doing okay, but things weren’t at their fullest potential. That was the most significant part about ‘Mooo!’ going where it did—it allowed all my other work to have a foundation and have a pull.” Taking a moment to consider the past whirlwind year, she reasons, “Since ‘Mooo!’ blew up, it’s been kind of non-stop. I don’t know if it’s really allowed me to reflect, but I feel like I’ve refined my style and refined who I am. I kind of have to have the spotlight on me.” MATT SARAFA coat and GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses. MATT SARAFA coat, ABODI bodysuit and boots, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and NOÄ earrings. The spotlight she speaks of shines focused and fixed, with no intention of moving elsewhere, but as a consistent subject of such recognition, Doja Cat has experienced two sides to the coin that is internet fame. Since its inception, the Internet has proven an untamable beast, and the environment it has bred has developed twice as feral. Through public domains like Tumblr to TikTok, and YouTube to Twitter, a vast stretch of subcultures and trends have been cultivated. On opposite poles of this digital sphere, there stands viral fame and cancel culture. It’s no secret that the musician has faced multiple controversies regarding comments she’s made online, and it’s even less of a secret that the public is quick to mobilize on social media. After old tweets resurfaced of the artist using derogatory terms towards other rappers, a rallied audience of critics made it its mission to take her down. Admittedly hurt by some of the criticisms, she reasons, “I’m not invincible, I do get hurt by some comments. I’m not superhuman.” Immediately requiting, she follows up with, “But being raised on the Internet gives me the ability to know how to deal with negativity most of the time.” Then, at once in a final stride, she claims of her presence online, “It’s just a small portion of my life.” And just like that, if we’ve learned anything in 2019, it’s that you can’t cancel Doja Cat. HARDEMAN top, thong, and hat, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and DALMATA necklace. Fresh off the release of a new music video with LunchMoney Lewis for “Make That Cake,” while still riding the success of “Juicy,” she’s traveling cross country for performances and appearances on a weekly basis. In the age of virality, such sustainability is impressive. That said, she’s in no way the first artist to have a viral hit catapult their work to an unfamiliar stratosphere of celebrity, and certainly not the last. We’ve seen fellow musical phenoms like Mason Ramsey and Megan Thee Stallion reap the benefits of a trending tweet and hashtag or two. Could it just be that we’re experiencing the dawning of a new age in music? An educated guess would reason, yes. With democratized media-sharing platforms like Spotify and SoundCloud, there’s been an inevitable boom in bedroom pop-stardom. Not only that, but with the increasing irrelevance of labels across younger generations, classification proves less important in not only topics of gender, but music, too. Lines blur across styles nowadays, with artists coloring the outsides more than ever. In attempts to maintain order through categorical standards, we see the term “Alternative” tacked onto the classic genres we’ve come to know. I LOVE PRETTY skirt. I LOVE PRETTY skirt and BUFFALO LONDON shoes. Prompted to describe her forthcoming record, Hot Pink, in three words, she replies with little to no hesitation: “Too. Many. Genres.” Declining a subscription to any one breed of song, the response points to her exploration of sound, a progression of her euphony, and the future of music. “My last record is a lot different from this one because I didn’t understand what it was to be in the studio and in an environment where there’s a bunch of musical equipment,” Doja shares, candidly. “I was young, I was a teenager and I really didn’t know who I was. My character wasn’t really shining the way it does now. I can tell you Hot Pink is one of the best things I’ve done, the best project I will have ever released.” Then, implored to divulge more about the release in detail, she retracts to the previously implemented three-word limit: “Super, duper, mystery.” So while Doja—who won the world over with an onomatopoeia in 2018—makes a favorable case for the future of music today, her own music remains as ambiguous as it does full of promise. Photographed by: Julian Buchan.  Styled by: Katie Qian.  Hair: Frankie Payne using Oribe at Opus Beauty.  Makeup: Jadyn Ngo using Surratt Beauty and Artisbrush.com at The Visionaries. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj Photos by Steven Klein Think metallic, high-end glamour with a neon pink accent. Think barbie doll in outer-space. This iconic FENDI and Nicki Minaj collaboration is the perfect combination of bold yet sophisticated.  Teaming up with Silvia Venturini Fendi, the duo created the next chapter of the FF Series with a line for women’s, men’s and kids: FENDI Prints On. Nicki is known for her body-hugging clothing and most of the line is just that, but she beautifully contrasts it with leisurewear and classy pieces. With the FF logo covering the majority of the print, this line is nothing but eye-catching.  They took staple pieces that everyone needs in their wardrobe and added their own flare to it such as:  tulle dresses, reversible puffer coats, asymmetric body-con dresses, raincoats with leather sleeves, silver tracksuits, bomber jackets with knitted sleeves and metallic windbreakers.  This collection would not be complete without some daring accessories, and that is exactly what they have provided us. They have everything from sequined bags and fanny packs to customized snow boots and wedge trainers. These accessories will take any outfit to the next level.  They went above and beyond and created a collection that embodied Nicki’s personality along with high-end fashion and street style.  The FENDI Prints On capsule collection will be sold in 52 FENDI boutiques worldwide and on fendi.com from October 14th.  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj   Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj                    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   69 shirt, JEAN PAUL KNOTT pants available at Please Do Not Enter, and NIKE shoes.   Brooklyn born and LA based producer and artist, Kingdom, is bringing back is clubby and unique dance music to the industry. With two new EPs, the first one called “EXTERRA, Vol. 1,” on the way and an album coming in 2020, he is back in the realm of dance music, but keeping true to his innovative style.  All the way from the east coast, Kingdom was booked to perform in LA in the early 2000s, which gave him a foot in the door to the west coast’s music scene. From here, he has continued to expand his musical capacity and does not abide by genres or any type of limitation; with experimental taste and a desire to create, he strives to generate music that he loves and that the audience can appreciate/value.  He was kind enough to join me for a phone interview in which I asked many questions, hoping to find out more about him as a person and his career.  I know that Nacho Nava kind of helped bring you to LA, how did he influence you? I was DJing a lot in New York, but he was the first person to put me on a flight and bring me to the west coast to DJ. I think that the influence he really has is that he was putting people on like me who didn’t have any other shows or have a lot of hype or a lot of press or anything like that. He really just believed in the new talent and was always just so generous with that regardless of how well the show did or anything like that. It was really just like he was excited to put people on and it never seemed like it was something he was doing for his own to serve his own interest. It really was something he was doing for the community in LA. Specifically, influential in creating a really special scene on the eastside of LA. I think most people will associate like the gay scene with the west side, West Hollywood scene, which is so specific and there really wasn’t much going on on the eastside maybe a couple bars, but he was the first to create a really vibrant night life scene that involved art and dance and all different kinds of Djs of all different races, but also it wasn’t just a community vibe, it was also like he was bringing really really good music and reall really amazing performers, so it also drew in just from straight people music fans who knew that Mustache would have more edgy stuff, so it wasn’t just creating an alternative it was also just about quality. He had such a good eye for innovative stuff.  FENG CHEN WANG jacket available at Please Do Not Enter and ALLIGATOR JESUS bracelet. What was it like working with Nacho Nava cause I know you guys were working on a Netflix show together. Working with him was always a pleasure. He was always just so sweet so generous and he was just a great figure and really supportive of my label and my parties too. He would always, without me even asking, support a face of mine or event that I was doing that had nothing to do with Mustache. He was always so sweet. More recently, that’s actually kind of why the music video is dedicated to Nacho because basically I met the video director through Nacho. Nacho put us together in a conference call and basically we started talking and they had planned to bring some type of documentary for Netflix about kind of the more alternative more POC side of LA nightlife, specifically gay nightlife and queer nightlife. It was really just in the early stages of talk. We really didn’t get it off the ground, but Shahana, the director, was gonna obviously be on the director’s side and working on the shots and the camera stuff and all that. They wanted me to come in and add music to it, but essentially throw in some different raves and help bring in music so that we could create some events to film because there’s not, sadly there’s not a lot of footage of a lot of the old Mustache parties. They’re relatively undocumented, so that was the idea, but I think when he passed Shahana felt like it didnt’t make sense to pursue it still. It really was Nacho’s project. It was really just a conversation, but even just that concept was inspirational and meeting the director is kind of what spawned us to create the music video together in honor of him.  It seems like Nacho has been really influential to kind of your start here in LA and the music scene, but has he influenced your work at all kind of like maybe the beats you decide to use or the music has he influenced any of it? Since he’s not a musician or DJ himself I wouldn’t say it’s a direct influence on the actual sound. I’d say he’s more of an influence when it comes to throwing parties and bringing people together in the community and just showing people kindness and more of the things I spoke about a moment ago. Just about the social element of music more than the sound exactly, but I know the sound he likes and I think he had an appreciation for the sounds I work with.  MEALS shirt and pants. How does it feel to be in the genre again? It feels really good. I feel like with my last album Tears in the Club I was in a very kind of like atmospheric moody RnB space and ever since that album came out I’ve been doing more vocal production, working with singers, and I worked really hard launching the new singer that signed to Fade to Mind called Semma, so I’ve been really in that zone of creating something for vocalists and when I’m doing that I sometimes put aside exactly the Kingdom sound and I’m trying to create a universe for the singer that gives them a unique identity. It’s just a totally different assignment. It’s a different thing and it’s a different lifestyle too. It’s a lot of hours spent helping singers songwrite and it definitely tested my patience a lot of the time because I’ve spent quite a bit of time with several vocalists making demos for their projects and singers make hundreds of demos to test their project. A lot of time your beat doesn’t get picked or they go in a different direction or sometimes the vocalist is just caught up in other stuff and they don’t even release something. I might have been so in that world, so it was really refreshing to just kind of stop accepting bookings to do vocal sessions and I think it was kind of a reaction to doing all those vocal sessions that made me really want to just get back into my more ravey, clubby, housey references and it’s kind of also where I started. My first release ever, “Mind Reader,” was very kind of hard, weird, dance stuff, so I’m kind of going back and starting from scratch and starting from the beginning again and it just feels really good. I’m just excited to put stuff that’s more high energy and I’m DJing a lot right now, so it’s exciting to just play things that I can blend and just be kind of weird again cause I think working with vocalists it’s a lot more compromises, a lot more catering to them.  Do you have any inspirations for creating music, like are there any other artists that you look towards to or does everything just come from within? There’s definitely artists I look up to. Sometimes I freeze with the question because there’s so many that I have. I would have to say Rod Lee, Terror Danjah, and Darkchild. YOSHIO KUBO jacket and stylist’s own glasses. Would you ever mix different genres together like if you did RnB and dance music? Or is that something that you’ve already ventured into before?   Even though I do make some fully RnB sounding stuff, I kind of think that’s really what I’m known for even though the new stuff is pretty clubby, but I think you can still hear these little shreds of like the vocal stuff, the vocal samples. I think that RnB element is always there. That’s pretty much my mission, either I’m weaving back and forth or I’m weaving them together just kind of RnB sound with the club sound. For the next volume, I’m making another volume of the EXTERRA series and that one’s either gonna have more of the vocal stuff in it and I’m also working on my next album. I’ve got a lot of homework right now. I’m bringing in more vocal stuff as it progresses from my EP to my next album.  In regards to the vocal production, is there anything you look for in an artist when you want them to be on one of your songs? I love weird vocal textures. I just love when someone has a baby voice or has a strange croaky texture or has certain types of node that they like to hit. Just something that sets it apart because there’s so many people that sound so similar. And someone who’s not afraid of intense rhythm cause I think a lot of singers come from the studio wanting a really simple beat or something that sounds like their favorite, you know, Ella Mai song or like H.E.R. song or maybe a Corella song they heard or something, so I think someone who is down to get experimental and doesn’t mind sampling their voice. I’m especially also just addicted to high voices. I love falsetto. I’m known for working with women, which is my favorite working with female vocals. If I’m working with a guy he definitely has to be able to channel his feminine side. I don’t really like to work with men who wanna sing about the macho shit on the mic like I’m way more into men who are singing. you know explore both sides  MEALS jacket and pants. Do you have a certain process of producing or like how do you kind of create your songs? I’ve always been a drummer, so I feel like when I’m on my own making beats I always start with drums and just playing with different drum sounds and I finally, after years of not doing it, started to create my own drum kits and drum packs, so I have my own custom samples that I’m playing around with. When it comes to singers usually they’ll just freestyle over an existing beat. With Sema, the artist I recently signed to my label, she was one of the first people that I really just improvised with and sometimes she would just come in and she would start singing something first, so that’s a totally different process like kind of working in reverse and working from what her voice is doing.  Do you have any stories of the first time you met MikeQ or Ms. Boogie? This new EP I just put out, EXTERRA, Vol. 1, is kind of a throwback to the beginning of my career in many ways. One of them being that I’m returning to dance music and making just like much clubbier, harder material than I’ve made in a long time, but it also actually has two collaborations with artists that I’ve known for I think over a decade. Me and MikeQ and Shane Oliver from Hood by Air were the three Djs who got booked to DJ this artist named Reshaw Newsom. He had a party for one of his art openings. I had actually been a fan of Mike from MySpace and his website for years already and when I finally met him I just completely fanned out and got to play a track. My set was pretty much like MikeQ and Ivana Lore who’s like another ballroom legend. I basically played all super hard underground ballroom voguing music. I don’t think that Mike was expecting that from me necessarily and actually Mike went out on the dance floor and started voguing and he’s not a voguer, he’s a DJ. He rarely ever actually hits the dance floor and vogue. That was back when we Dj’d on CD so that night me and him like traded CDs and he gave me his CDs from his like case logic and I gave him CDs from mine. Ever since then we’ve been in touch and he’s producing music on my label as well, but he’s kind of hard to nail down and get a studio session with, so I’m just really excited to me and him having a track together 10 years later finally. My very first party that I threw on my own in NY was called “Club Vortex” and it was like in the back room of this art space, so it’s not really a venue at all and they didn’t have any security or anything and I think after the first one the word kind of got around cause you know under age kids are always looking for those very few places that they aren’t going to card, so I think word got around that there was this party happening that wasn’t carding and that was super open and fun and a few friends of mine actually showed up with Ms. Boogie at that very first party and me and her hit it off. She kind of got in a little bit of trouble that night. There was kind of like a little bit of a tussle on the dance floor and I think some wigs got pulled, but it was a pretty crazy night and that was before she was even just vocals, so it’s been amazing to see her progress into rapping and making music and I just love what she brings to the track. Saturday Kingdom performs with an Allstar roster including Bae Bae, BrownSkinHazel, Total Freedom and Uniiqu3 get tickets HERE Photographed by Alligator Jesus. Styled by Ally Nikoltchev Produced by: BJ Panda Bear Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. It was a family affair as last night UGG threw a banger to celebrate their now campaign featuring creatives in fashion and music including Slick Woods and son, Paloma and Ama Elsesser, Kim Gordon of Sonic Youth and daughter Coco Gordon Moore, Sasha and Sergio Lane, and Luka and Clark Sabbat. The event was a dazzling event paying homage to the brands California heritage.  The brand drew inspiration from the #UGGLIFE  campaign family-focused narrative highlighting the relationships and the spirit across generations that brings families together along with inspiring and challenging one another DJ’s and eyewear designers Coco & Breezy curated the events soundtrack. Staying on theme with a musical performance by SoCal local indie punk rock duo/brothers The Garden. UGG founded in 1978 by an Australian surfer originated on the coast of California. Renowned for its iconic classic UGG boot boosted by Hollywood celebs, and fashion editors around the world, the brand has extended into apparel and accessories with recent collaborations with the brands like Y/PROJECT and Eckhaus Latta. The evenings launch also featured the new range of buckle boots that also presented an exaggerated sole and a soon to be everywhere thigh grazing boot. After a dinner at the Roosevelt hotel, we caught up with the mama, muse, and all around bad ass Slick Woods to chat about #UGGLIFE.  Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Did you end up going out last night after the dinner at The Roosevelt? I’m a little exhausted but I don’t think I went out, I think went out went on me. How do you feel like UGG has fit into your life as a mother? UGG has been a big part of my life since the last campaign so we have been linking up. Do you feel like having a child has fit into life of the badass fashion creature you’ve always been known for? Yes, of course. I mean getting into motherhood and being an UGG mom has definitely been a big part of my life. You have really empowered the persona of the badass into this new creation, it’s beautiful. Of course, I had to slip into motherhood very unexpectedly. What do you see in the space between comfort and style? Well, comfort and style has always been missed together. I mean my style in very comfortable. Do you think simple comfort can be stylish? Yes, definitely, I am a little bit mixed with Tomb Raider, with a little bit of Kim Possible, and a little bit of, let’s say, Al Pacino. All together – that’s me What is one comfort faux pas you feel can never be chic? Broke shit… I don’t do broke shit. What is one comfort faux pas you feel we need to embrace more? Probably aristocratic shit. Like real rich nigga shit. I wish we did more of that. Yeah do more of that now! Do you see your son as following your footsteps in the modelling world? Hell no. My sons going to be a police officer or a fireman. And I’m gonna let him do that. Your film Goldie got great reviews. Do you see yourself getting more into film? No, the director was trash but my acting was fucking great. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   BUFFALO shoes. Make way for the newest edition to the female power movement, a DJ from Berlin who goes by Martafakka. With a background in Tech House, Funk House, Hip-Hop, RnB, and Afro House, she curates explosive beats that pulsate through the listener’s body causing them to not only feel Martafakka’s energy in her songs, but also having an almost out of body experience. As well, her expertise in mixing different genres creates a new kind of music and allows for a wide range of people to enjoy her work. Beyond her musical genius, she is an avid traveller, inspired learner, and according to her Instagram, is an animal lover as well. Take pleasure in reading the following interview with the creative genius.   BUFFALO shoes. Who would your dream collaboration be with? My favorites would be Dixon, Honey Dijon and Black Coffee What are you currently working on? And how is the process going? My main goal right now is to achieve the knowledge of producing myself. I have my roots in Hip- Hop and RnB and want to learn now more about electronic music especially tech house, funkhouse… I know that you have performed in Berlin, where would you love to perform next? I would love to perform in Ibiza, Amsterdam, London and New York. What is your favorite thing about performing and your fans? The best thing about djing is when you feel that people are getting exactly into your vibe and enjoy the party. What inspires your specific sound? I already traveled a lot in my life and I have been to many clubs where I got a lot of different vibe and music inspiration. What do you want your listeners to feel or take away from your music? The most important thing is LOVE, LOVE, LOVE and of course amazing energy! People should feel good and free while listening to my music. Its all about energy. What does your music creating process look like? I start with collecting my current favourite songs. After that it goes on with the main part; FIND MATCHING SONGS! It is my goal to combine all music genres with each other. There are no boundaries! Its kind of a process of course. Do you have a specific song that means a lot to you? What makes it special to you? It’s “Dirty Diana“ from Michael Jackson since I was a kid. It always hat something mystic about it…Who the f*** is Diana?!  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   REBECCA VALLANCE suit, ANDREA FOHRMAN earrings, and ANNA-KARIN KARLSSON sunglasses. She might not be a household name in America, yet, but Lila Iké has already taken Jamaica’s music scene by storm. Hailing from Manchester, Jamaica, she sharpened her teeth by performing at Jamnesia’s open mic on Saturday nights. The seaside venue (located in Bully Bay, about 20 minutes outside Kingston), has hosted many prominent Jamaican artists including Chronixx, Jah9, NoMaddz, and Protoje. The latter performer, Protoje, happens to be a Grammy nominated artist and his ears perked when he first heard Lila Iké’s music. He signed her as part of his collective, In.Digg.Nation.  Lila’s friendship with Protoje turned out to be the turn her music career needed. The signing thrusted her into the spotlight, where she’s performed alongside him at Jamaica’s Reggae Sumfest (basically it’s the Coachella for the country) with 30,000 heads in attendance then making her NYC debut at BRIC’s Celebrate Brooklyn! Concert. In 2017, Lila dropped her first official track, titled “Biggest Fan.” She wrote the song for her mother, whom she dubbed her “biggest fan.” The song’s release opened the floodgates for her solo career, with several other songs following suit. Earlier this summer, she performed on Protoje’s song “Not Another Word,” which acted as the biggest track she’s been apart of. After premiering on Rolling Stone, “Not Another Word” has graced Spotify playlists “Dancehall Queen,” and “Dancehall Official.”  While Lila Iké might hold the Reggae universe in the palm of her had, she’s not interested in classifying herself as a Reggae artist. She believes her music is more universal than to label inside a single genre. Flaunt spoke with the rising artist about her humble beginnings, treasured inspirations, and the meaning behind the words Lila Iké.  MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit and JIMMY CHOO shoes. I always like to know what influences an artist when they are writing and recording their songs. Who would you say are your musical influences? My favorite singer of all time is Garnett Silk. I love Toni Braxton, I really love Lauren Hill. All great artists in different genres and different types of music. But my all-time favorite is Garnett Silk. Why would they inspire you? Garnett Silk is my all-time favorite because of what he did for the music I don’t think anybody else did it. I feel like his voice, his style, he had a spiritual thing with his voice. Also, the fact that he didn’t get much time to do what I really think he wanted to do. Very powerful and very spiritual. How he was cut down so early almost makes me take up the responsibility, just make sure my music is on that level.  What’s your intention when performing your music? What are you trying to give your listeners with your talents? When I’m performing, I’m basically giving everything. With certain performers, You can identify with what they are saying. , You can see certain movements in their body, you can feel in your presence that music isn’t something they are doing to make some money. So when I’m performing I’m doing what I’m supposed to do, which is give it all Every artist has a different creative process when writing and recording music. What does your look like?  I search for inspiration, I don’t necessarily like writing with a pen and paper. When going through my everyday life, if a thought comes to me, i’ll whip out my phone and record it. Somethings I don’t record all my inspirations, but it comes upon you and for some people, it comes through like mediation or dancing or going different places. For me it’s all of the above. I like having conversations about different things. like learning as much as I can. I like listening to music, going to jam sessions.  ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER coat and boots, HALPERN turtleneck, and MISHO earrings. You’ve released four singles so far. What’s next? Is there an album or an EP on the way? Naturally, but I can’t say when. I am definitely working on new music.  We will keep our ears open! There’s a lot of musical genres, what inspired you to chose reggae? Is there a connection to the genre which drew you to it?  Personally, I don’t really associate myself with any particular genre, I feel like its a conscious thing. Like a work of poetry. I grew up in Jamaica, where there is lots of reggae. But I love reggae, it’s my favorite genre. I love spoken music, jazz, country music, reggaeton. But for me, reggae music is a part of me.  Are you still based in Jamaica? Yes. Rolling Stone premiered “Not Another World,” which features you working with Protoje and Agent Sasco. Are there any more collaborations coming up which you can tell us about? I recently did a song produced by Izzy which was released on the same day, so I haven’t been pushing it that much. That’s the most recent collaboration I’ve worked on but I’m interested in working with a lot of artists. I’d love to do a song with Chronixx and Koffee. These are things I have in my head that hopefully work out.  You recently performed at LA’s Delicious Pizza for their block party. Are there any more US shows coming up on your itinerary? Not right this minute, the next time I’m in America for a show is in Washington. My friend wants to come perform at his venue. Me, Sevana, a new artist called Jaz Elise, and another artist named Apollo. We are apart of their acoustic presentation. That’s the only thing I’m certain about. October 14th. Where did the name Lila Iké come from? What does it mean to you?  Lila, biblically was coined from my original name Alecia Grey. When I was born people would always shorten my name. They’d call me Leekee or Leelee. Once somebody called me Lila and I was very drawn to that name because I felt like a “Lila”. I made a Facebook account and used it as my Facebook name, it was “Lila Music.” And people started calling me Lila. Before I know it, everybody actually thinks my name is Lila.  Iké, I got that name from a friend of mine I met when I moved to Kingston. This guy had a Nigerian background. He grew up in Africa and said Iké is short for Ikechukwu, he told me that it meant “God is powerful” I grew up in a Christian home, my mom always went to church and believing in a higher being was always a crucial part of our everyday life. And I personally believe that there is something more beautiful and powerful than all of us here on Earth.  I wanted to appropriate this energy, which is the purest form of my music. That’s where Lila Iké came from.  It was great talking to you, is there anything you would like to add? I want people to know that it’s okay for them to be themselves, and they should go for whatever they want if they feel it in their hearts. If it brings them joy.   MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit. Photographed by Nolwen Cifuentes. Styled by Mui-Hai Chu. Hair: Darren Hau using Oribe at Opus Beauty. Makeup: Mylah Morales  at Exclusive Artists.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Autumn Hrubý is the founder of knitwear enthusiast and journal, Hesperios. The carefully crafted, sustainable collections express Hrubý’s philosophy of “quality over quantity,” with garments meant to last a lifetime. An extension of the brand is it’s dedication to classic and contemporary art, literature, and travel, which reveals itself in a biannual anthology— distributed internationally through art-and-design book stores, galleries, newsstands, and museums. This month, Hesperios released it’s third edition of the ongoing journal series, marking the celebration of both established and emerging creatives. From artists to chefs to filmmakers and poets, No.3 is packed with visual references, intellectual nuances, and personal anecdotes that will galvanize any and every reader. Flaunt spoke with Hrubý post-Journal No.3 launch to chat all things Hesperios. HESPERIOS founder, Autumn Hrubý. What’s the story behind the name of your line and literary journal, Hesperios, meaning “the evening star”?  My friend Evan Dando started calling me Hess as a nickname, short for Hesperios. At the time, Glenn O’ Brien and I were brainstorming potential names for my company to be. It was a long process, and he had several amusing options, but when I heard Hesperios, everything just clicked.   Of all the interviews in this issue, who surprised you most, and why?  Miranda Brooks interview. I loved discovering that she meditates with her client before each project to bless the land and ask the spirits for help.  “In Japan there is a standard practice to have a land blessing with the client and architect before any construction begins, to make peace with who has been there before, and to suggest where the spirits can safely wait until construction ends. Once construction is complete, they are invited back to bring love and a sense of being to what was created.”  Visually, how has literature and the art world influenced your designs?  Art and literature have influenced our brand in every possible way. I knew I wanted to make the perfect sweater and cardigan with reoccurring artist collaborations and less common color palettes. And of course, we publish art and literary books, which is at the heart of what we do. This has always been the idea behind Hesperios. Sometimes working with an artist on a particular cardigan will influence the range of colors for the collection, but I usually have a well-defined palette from the very beginning. I often have Maria Sibylla Merian’s books around for reference.   As fashion is the second most polluting industry in the world, how does your brand support sustainable practices? I’m glad you asked. This is a long answer, but it is the most important question I am asked. Hesperios has been called a “sustainable brand,” and I’m not sure what that means or if any brand can be truly “sustainable,” but we are trying, every day. I have set very high standards in the way I’d like to run everything. We are a small team, but we all care and want to do things differently and thoughtfully rather than arbitrarily pushing out more product. I think we’ve had a head start as a new company forming good habits in the early stages, rather than having to unravel detrimental ones later on. Even so, it’s a constant process which requires a tremendous amount of time to research alternative materials and more efficient methods of production.  It was always my intention to create a well-made, high-quality product that would last forever and age well. Our collection began with a sweater; designed as something you can keep as an heirloom— quality over quantity. We produce two seasons a year, with limited releases in between, all of which are produced in low quantities, so we aren’t sitting on excessive inventory.   We also recycle our inventory in a way that I’m proud of. In our last three collections, we selected a few styles from our inventory, like our Gayle or Lou knit tank, and combined them with pleating to create our signature Paloma and Lola dresses. Our collection also consists of a core library of year-round knits, which means we can keep these on our website longer because they technically don’t fall out of style. If we have inventory in a color that hasn’t sold as well, we dye it sustainably. Timeless and well-made products retain their value.  All of our wovens are produced locally in New York City. This reduces the waste of packaging and shipping materials. We try to use as much deadstock, antique, and recycled materials as possible. We will never produce leather, and we’ve kept our material options to a minimum. I don’t plan on using cashmere or wool. We plan to use 100% organic cotton by next year, and we’re also in the planning phase of bringing our knit production in-house, so we are in control of all phases of production.   I wish building a company was just about telling stories and making beautiful things, but this is such a small fraction of what is required. There can be a myriad of factors and variables which influence every decision and sometimes can be overwhelming. But we approach everything with thoughtfulness and integrity in mind.  I’ve been a vegetarian for 18 years, and I’ve always been conscious of my environment. When I was 20, I lived on a permaculture and biodynamic farm in San Miguel de Allende, and when I moved back to the states, I viewed our resources differently. I think this experience has informed my life decisions going forward, and I’m constantly reminded of those lessons. I recently sat through the Earthlings documentary and was completely shaken. It takes you through all the industries that rely on animals and how corrupt so many industries are. After watching this, I wanted to begin taking steps to become vegan. I also became overwhelmed with all the lifestyle choices associated with this decision and that if I became vegan, I would want the brand to be as well. Suddenly, becoming vegan was harder than anything I’ve ever thought about doing, especially regarding fashion. Right now, I am gathering the facts so that it isn’t an overwhelming transition. Leather is everywhere. There is no reason when there are plenty of alternative materials to use for a handbag or a shoe. But then, you also have to be knowledgeable about how those materials are made and the waste or toxic threats they could be creating.   Patagonia has been a big inspiration for my colleagues and me. My best friend, Miye McCullough, is our Director of Operations, and she has a background in Conservation, so we are always talking about sustainability. She recommended a book called The Responsible Company by Vincent Stanley and Yvon Chouinard. It has been my ongoing resource for information. I recommend this book to everyone, both personally and professionally. You can learn from their past mistakes as a company, how transparent they are, and what they did to learn and improve not only their production but practices on a global scale. The bottom line is that it takes a community effort to create change. The book is also a reminder that while mistakes are inevitable, what counts is how we solve each problem.  Everyone on our team has a genuine interest in sustainability. We enjoy the research process equally as much as the creative one. I’ve been a member of an innovative design library ever since we started, which gives architects and designers access to sustainable, biodegradable, recyclable, certified organic materials around the world. They have an actual library you can walk through and scan swatch cards; giving you instant access to suppliers who produce bio-leather from pineapple juice.   I don’t want to turn a blind eye to our ecological crisis. If I’m made aware of something that isn’t right, I will go to great lengths to try and correct it and make it better. But I have to remind myself that it cannot happen overnight.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 Drop 1 launching today, October 8th, Zara aims to release their variations on the here to stay khaki and uniform stylized core pieces. For decades in DIY culture, core basics have been used as representation and a source of visual language to identify rebellion and counterculture. These two characteristics are still used as the main sources of inspiration to highlight individual style and remain part of being unbranded in a capitalistic society. As well as being inspired by figures involved in the arts, musicians, actors, artists, and so forth. Zara is taking classic clothing archetypes with this new SRPLS CHPTR 03 line, consisting of outerwear, shirts, pants, and accessories, remixing them with new proportions, cuts, and sews every release to give a new meaning. This will be the 3rd instalment of Zara’s bi-annual SRPLS collection, showcasing men and women collections as in the past, but for the first time a kid’s line will be available. The collection speaks on the military influenced clothes that have become part of the world’s wardrobe vernacular for the past 60 years in popular culture. Made from premium materials, in limited edition with three releases each season. The collection will be available online and in select stores across the US, Spain, Germany, UK, France, Italy, Poland, Japan and China. Photos courtesy of ZARA Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Gucci has begun accepting applications for the North American Changemakers program, which includes its $1.5 million Scholarship Program and its $5 million Impact Fund for nonprofit organizations, and they have brought a collaboration with DRØME Creative Director Satchel Lee to announce it. The grant and scholarship open call announcement invites young people and nonprofits to apply to be Gucci Changemakers.  Earlier this year, Gucci announced its North American Changemakers Program, working in alignment with the company’s vision for garnering a greater social impact and pushing diversity and equity forward within the fashion industry. The film announcing the open call for applications was narrated by Changemakers Council Co-Chair, Poet, and Author Cleo Wade, and allowed for young people to share their own stories. Wade stated, “Change does not happen in theory, it happens in community. We are bringing the Gucci Changemakers initiative to life by bringing not only funds, but also time, energy, and care to communities that have been historically and systemically under resourced and overlooked for too long.” Both of the programs aim to do exactly that. They give to and prioritize historically underrepresented and marginalized communities in order to allow for the advancement of the youth and nonprofit organizations hoping to create broader change, starting within their own communities.  Learn more on applications and eligibility at www.changemakersus.gucci.com. Photos and video courtesy of Gucci Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   GUCCI jacket, pants, and shoes.  BEN SHERMAN top and pants, BRUNO MAGLI boots. The singer-songwriter and actor Chord Overstreet surprised a lot of his fans when, in 2015, he left behind his acting days on Glee to pursue a career in music. The son of Grammy-award-winning country music singer-songwriter Paul Overstreet, Chord had grown up surrounded by music, which he quickly developed an affinity for. Once he formed his own band, Overstreet, the singer was already opening for Demi Lovato and Nick Jonas on their Future Now Tour. After releasing some well-received tracks, the band came along with their first EP earlier this year Man on the Moon, Overstreet is back with the new track “My Ex.“ Flaunt sat down with Chord Overstreet and discussed his relationship with music, songwriting, and his newest single “My Ex”. I wanted to ask you a little bit about your upbringing. You were brought up by a Grammy award-winning father, you have a music-related name—it’s almost as if it was predetermined that you would be involved with music. It was probably my dad’s way of nudging me out the door with a guitar in my hand. I was the third one born into my family, and there’s three notes in a chord, so my dad and mom had names like that for everybody. My sister’s name is Harmony, like a four-part harmony, and a brother named Nash for Nashville, so everyone’s got a wacky name.  How would you say your relationship with music has evolved throughout your childhood up until today?  My relationship with music started out when I was really young and my dad introduced me to Elvis, the Beatles, and James Taylor. The stuff that I responded to was the lyrical content—songs with a story that helped you stepping out of reality, just being in your head and going wherever the music takes you. Lyrics first for me is where I always go, such as James Taylor and Bob Dylan, guys who were really able to paint a world.  Branching out into your own musical career—did you always want to do that, or was it a more recent decision after Glee?  I always did it just because I grew up around it. When I first moved out to LA, I was trying to get the acting thing going, and I had my guitar—it was always there. I never thought about it too much, I just always did it. I would be writing and I would be playing. Everything I got involved in and it worked always coincidentally had music involved, it kept chasing after me. I also always had the desire to do what my dad was doing. When I was probably 17 and playing football—I wanted to play pro football—I got a knee injury and was on Oxycontin on the couch. I was playing video games and my dad was like “Turn that damn game off and write a song!” So I picked up the guitar and couldn’t put it down.   That’s amazing. It’s good that it stuck, because I remember my parents forcing me to learn the piano at a young age, and I would get so bored by it. But then, the love for music sticks with you. It’s interesting because, when you’re a kid and taking music lessons, you don’t necessarily have the drive and determination —although some people do—to push that as a kid and develop those skills. Thank God that parents make kids take lessons because when you’re older, it’s there. I’m really thankful for my mom driving me to guitar lessons. It’s about having the foresight to see that it would be useful someday. Of course, I saw my dad do it, and he obviously taught me a lot about songwriting. My dad said something interesting to me. He had a rough childhood—he came from a broken home—and yet was always very positive in his songwriting, his message was really uplifting. Somebody asked him where his inspiration comes from when he’s writing, and he responded that he always wrote about how he wished his life was, not how it actually was, how he wanted it to be. I thought that was really cool, to be able to twist anything and make a positive message out of it. I’ve learned a lot from him out of my 30 years of studying him. I was really blessed that he put great music in front of me for me to learn from versus some of the stuff that’s pretty bad [laughs].  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. From all of these influences, how is it that you came to the sound you have now? I have a lot of modern influences even just in production, with the sound and current alternative stuff. Finding your niche within that, going back and taking some older retro production vibes and going in some of that—I would say it came from a lot of trial and error, honestly, just throwing a bunch of things at the wall. I was frustrated with not having a sound, so I went back and listened to a lot of Beach Boys stuff, as well as diving into deep tracks of music, while always wanting to make stuff that lasts for a long time. You find inspiration from the best.   You’re getting what inspiration you can from different artists and injecting it into your own style. Exactly. It’s like I really liked the way they presented that sound, how they had fifty different voices way back then, and just finding your own voice within that. A lot of the stuff I love listening to is just stuff that I want to drive to. Then I did a bunch of tours with just me and an acoustic, that singer-songwriter stuff. That’s a different side of me that is there, but after a while you just want to put on a rock show, you want to have fun, you want to express yourself and do crazy shit and not give a fuck about anybody.  GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and talents own ring. That’s actually what I wanted to ask you about next, about your shift from performing solo to having a band. It makes sense that you did it like your father before with the singer-songwriter aspect, and then you wanted to branch out.  That side of it for me is about expressing your emotions. You’ll to be up there, you’re vulnerable, and pouring your soul out. The band stuff and the energy—the crowd has so much to do with it. It’s such a release to be able to express yourself, and be that big, and be that loud, and to do whatever the fuck you wanna do. There’s such a rush in that, and when you go on and perform, you just black out—from the time it starts to the time it ends. Then all of a sudden I’m going, “Wait, is it over? Did that just happen?” It’s almost like its own drug, which you can get out of the singer-songwriter stuff, but that’s a little more therapeutic, and reliving some dark, heavier stuff.  You also have this support network of the rest of your band with you on stage.  Yeah. It’s fun to be able to make music with your friends, to shake out all of your anxiety, and nerves. I’m not a great dancer, so on stage I can just do the weirdest, craziest, stupidest stuff, and not give a fuck. That’s one of the things I like. That’s the only time you’re gonna see me blow off steam. It’s almost like you turn into a different person, which I love. That has a very similar connection with me that acting does. When acting, you get to disappear for a second. GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and KSWISS shoes. I really like that, because there’s also this other side of performing that’s filled with nerves, and you’re always worried about what people will think. But when it’s right for you, you just melt into it.  Once you say, “Fuck it,” and jump off…The first time I started doing live stuff with a band, I was learning my body, and how I move, and how I do things. But then, once you rip the band aid off and learn to not give a shit, to just have fun and move around like nobody’s watching…that’s the best. Once you can take that jump, it’s fun.  Great. I’m wondering, what artists today would you like to collaborate with if you had the opportunity? I would love to collaborate with Sting or, I listened to a lot of Aerosmith growing up they were probably one of my favorite bands. I don’t know what that would sound like, but probably more so the legends. Just to be able to say I did it and pick their brain. To get into their headspace and see what their creative process is like. Yeah, I’d ask a lot of questions like, “Hey, when you wrote ‘Dude (Looks Like a Lady),’ what was the story behind that? I’d probably be the most annoying person sitting next to them, because I would be asking them so many questions. I find that the process of songwriting is so different for everybody that “What inspired this, what inspired this, what inspired this” might open your eyes to all the things around you that you wouldn’t normally pay attention to.  BEN SHERMAN t-shirt, KENZO pants, and BALLY shoes. Going off of that, I want to ask you a similar question about your upcoming single “My Ex.” The songs on your Man on the Moon EP have a lot to do with past relationships and the effect they had on you. How does this single play off that? What inspired this direction that you’re going in? I wrote this song the next day after running into one of my exes. I ran into her at the bar and she was with one of her friends, and I used to hang out with both of them when we were together. I run into this person all the time, and I ran into her, and every time I run into her she’s with her boyfriend. It’s a little odd, because he’s just a little bit odd about it. We’re cool though, I love her to death she’s super sweet. She started flirting with me a little bit, talking and drinking. To make a long story short, we hung out and afterwards I felt like she was making a move on me—not that I would’ve done anything. Then her boyfriend showed up and the whole vibe completely changed. I found all of this really interesting, so the next day when I went into the studio to write, I started working on the track with my buddy, and in thirty minutes I had the song written. The thing I thought was interesting was, what if I actually did go home with my ex-girlfriend and she left her current boyfriend? I just thought that would’ve been an interesting hypothetical situation, because once you had that relationship with somebody, there’s always something that’s underneath a little bit. You’re always wondering “What if it turned out differently?  When you’re young, relationships end for reasons that when you’re older I’m sure they never would. There’s probably a reason and a good reason it did end. I self-examine a lot of my dating life. It’s an easy thing for me to really look at that while I’m writing.  That’s a positive thing—self-examination, looking at how everything went down and how you can change for the future—it’s a very good thing. It’s very much like therapy.  Like self-therapy almost.  It is difficult to analyze yourself without you running through your own protective filter. When something happens in a relationship, people see it from a slanted view where they end up not being as harsh on themselves as they are on the person they’re breaking up with. Being that way with yourself can be tough.  KENZO jacket and pants. Very true. My final question is, you know how people usually get an impression of an artist whenever they listen to their album or a single. I’m wondering, with the debut album you’re releasing next year, is there a specific impression you want people to get of you, whether as a person or as a musician? That’s a good question. My goal for this next batch of songs is—everybody relates to love, loss, things changing. They might not relate to the exact story, but everybody has felt that way, everyone has had that emotion. Being able to really put out emotions that are relatable, that hard stuff that you don’t really want to talk about, or being able to share the good feelings. It’s about being able to emote and give people something they can relate to.  They end up feeling an emotional connection to it. They have a connection to the music. Even if it is specific to my story. That’s probably the main goal.  That’s probably the main unifier between people and music—the ability to connect with an emotion or lyric, anything about it—it’s great.  It could just be a lyric, it could be something that makes you say “I felt that way.” Even Drake with “Why you gotta fight with me at Cheesecake Factory/ You know I love to go there.” That’s funny, and it’s real. I think it’s genius how specific that is, because you can’t make that shit up.  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. It’s specific enough that you can imagine being in a similar situation. Everybody has got into a fight with somebody at a place like that. Cheesecake Factory is just—I think that’s hilarious. Drake does that better than anyone. Great. That’s it on my part, is there anything you wanted to talk about that we haven’t touched on? We talked about the sound, the inspiration…The one thing I also wanted to talk about…just the…I guess we talked about it. Letting people in and getting a good look at who I actually am and what goes on behind the curtains, what grinds my gears I guess. Especially with this new project you’re doing, it’s a new path, and for people to see that and get their impression of you, it’s really important. It’s new for me, but it’s also thirty years of  my experience in self-discovery, and giving people a look into the reality of where I’ve been and where I’ve come from, that’s really important. That’s great. We very much look forward to your new material.  Yeah, I’m constantly writing, so hopefully I’ll get a bunch of new stuff out there.  Photographed by Jonny Marlow at Early Morning Riot. Styled by Brendon Alexander. Grooming: Avian King using Davines at The Rex Agency. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   A woman with a past containing hardships to a future where she can clearly see what she wants, Diana Gordon is back with her new single, “Becoming” which is all about celebrating hard work, being in control, and having her family by her side. She is a multi talented woman who sings, song writes, produces, and is a visual artist. Diana is not afraid to be herself and through her voice and singing, she has been able to have an emotional outlet. Her music is a mix of rhythmic drums, alternative rock, and dark folk, which create a melodic base for her powerful and captivating voice.  Diana has won Grammys in the past for her songwriting and producing work with many prominent artists, including Mark Ronson, Dua Lipa (“Electricity”), Beyonce ("Sorry", "Daddy Lessons", "Don't Hurt Yourself'), and more.  Her 2018 EP Pure was described by Pitchfork as being, “marked by her striking voice and emotional candor.” Diana has an album set to come out next year and will follow the tone of her new single “Becoming.”   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The high desert has remained as popular as it was 40 years ago to getaway to, when your dad was planning a Joshua Tree trip with his buddies and forgot to pack the trail mix, as well as the good suede boston birkenstock’s.  HWY 62 ART TOURS is becoming one of the fastest growing attractions taking place over 3 weekends in October, featuring 150 artists opening their studios to showcase artwork.  Part of the fun derrives from its self-driven aspect, furtherly explained by Art Tours Director, Bill Green: “The best thing about the Art Tours is that you never know what you’ll discover. With over 30 different categories of art, you might see a tile house followed by an abstract painter followed by a sculptor. You get to choose what you want based on your interest. There are so many different artists here with unique studio spaces that you can’t possibly see them all. It’s a big reason why we went to three weekends this year.” This special desert art tour taking place under the stars will take place this month in October over the spand of 3 weeks.  Weekend Oct. 5th & 6th, the 11th & 12th, and lastly the 18th & 19th. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Photo courtesy Nike. This is what we have been waiting for. In Los Angeles, Nike is coming out with limited-edition Air Max 270 React sneakers and fleece hoodies. Not only are they limited-edition, they are specially-designed by three talented L.A. artists: Sage Adams, Jheyda McGarrell, and Gabrielle Richardson. Each artist used their stories to create a this new collection of sneakers and hoodies, incorporating their unique style and flare. Flaunt was fortunate enough to get to chat with the women, see below.  SAGE ADAMS: The NY Transplant “Designed by artist and curator Sage Adams, this Air Max 270 React is a reinvention of the classic white shoe that Adams saw in her childhood. The shoe comes outfitted with a pizza slice charm to nod to the classic comfort from her home-state, a reminder to pay tribute to your roots.” What inspired you to pursue art? For me the lack of representation of marginalized people as popular visual artists really spoke to a gap I wanted to fill. We needed more than Basquiat, we needed to know Carrie Mae Weems, Kara Walker, Henry Taylor! I needed to see more of a spectrum of the stories being told and mediums used.  Do you feel that art has opened up new possibilities for expression for you?  Art In many ways has taken over how I see the world. Before I started breaking things down into shape rather than how they ‘actually look’ was the moment I began to feel like an artist. It’s opened my mind to an array of possibilities otherwise deemed impossible. I didn’t even think I could draw as a kid. What is the process you go through when curating an exhibition? Do you have a specific message in mind? For me it’s getting to know the artist and what made them make the thing and then it’s how do these things come together to tell the story.  What connects the works, what makes them different from other pieces in archive? What medium? What does the architecture of the actual gallery space look like? Creating an authentic representation of an idea or ethos is one of the hardest and most rewarding things there is.   JHEYDA MCGARRELL: The Homegrown Angeleno “L.A. native artist Jheyda McGarrell’s take on the Air Max 270 React is influenced by her Black and Mexican upbringing. Pops of red pay homage to rose bushes grown in the front yard of her childhood home, while gold accents represent the evolving idea of opulence for Black and Brown communities. Topped off with a cherub charm, a reminder to honor traditions and use the lessons of the past to keep it moving forward.” Questions for Jhyeda Mcgarrell: How does your heritage, as an Angeleno of both Black and Mexican decent, reflect onto your artwork? My heritage is reflected in all of my work due to the heavy impact of it in my formation. The contention of growing up experiencing all these different aspects of culture and tradition is an experience many without their stories ever been told. This specific project in my mind has worked to piece together the different aspects of the different culture backgrounds, that our two cultures share. This shoe to me bridges the created tension of an American landscape. It shows the ways we are one and the ways people like me live between these different ideologies and physical spaces. It bridges the weird black kid in the white neighborhood to the dark skinned mixed Mexican kid growing up with Tias smoothing down their curls and gives us space to just be all our different facets without contention.  What was the most rewarding and challenging part of this process? The most rewarding part in this has been seeing the smile on my mom’s face when I told her I was working on a collaboration with Nike. The most challenging but also rewarding part has been working with an entire crew of people to execute an idea which is still relatively new to me. It’s so beautiful to see all these brilliant, different minds working to make something I once imagined.  What do you hope people feel when they wear your shoes/hoodie? Confidence? Individuality?  I hope when they wear the apparel they feel like they are truly reflecting their highest self. I hope they feel comfortable and free. I hope they feel every good emotion that has been out into the making and the lifestyle behind the creation. I hope they feel loved because I know I do from them.  What qualities do you see in yourself that you know you got from your family? Pretty much everything. My family is completely made up of immigrants and all of the qualities I’ve gained from their strength and preservation in a country against them is appreciated. I have learned love and a desire to improve our lives and the lives around us and to honor heritage. I have learned even the qualities they might oppose in me. I have learned to always crave freedom and to always have a strong sense of self among so many other things.  It is so amazing that you get to work with Nike to be a source of inspiration for many people. What has inspired you, and in return, what do you want your work to inspire in others?  Thank you! It is literally such an honor. I’ve been inspired by everyone around me embodying the phrase “existence is resistance”. I’ve been inspired by the black, the brown, the indigenous, the queer, the trans, the fat, the disabled, the people who make up the qualities most worth embodying, utter freedom of expression and true strength. I hope my work inspires people to follow myself and others in moving forward towards freeing themselves and seeing the value in their everyday life, even when it’s boring, even if you hate yourself, like I did once and still do sometimes, I hope they know they are important.  GABRIELLE RICHARDSON: The Passionate Traveler “Neon meets pastel in a technicolor dream in the Air Max 270 React designed by model and multimedia artist Gabrielle Richardson. The colorway exhibits the dichotomy of the modern-day jetsetter — neon being those moments of movement, and pastels representing the comforts of home. Embellished with a ‘Real’ charm, an encouragement to make creative dreams a reality without letting others restrict your point of view.” Questions for Gabby Richardson: Which place that you’ve travelled to been the most influential, or just your favorite and why? I think the most influential place I’ve ever been is in Cape Town, South Africa. It was beautiful to be in a majority black country, but still felt a sense of disillusion being in a country with such an intense racial caste system. I felt so lucky to be in Africa, a continent that felt so connected to my identity but where I had never been. I met so many young talented South African artists in Cape Town who shared their art with me, and it reinforced my drive to do better to create and facilitate spaces for young black kids globally. What do you want people to feel or think when wearing your design? I want people to feel validated, I want to give people hope. I want people to know, in our constant shared state of anxiety that we live in that there is a silver lining. I used the neon colors because they’re utilitarian colors used often in industrial and emergency settings, I offset the abrasive colors with pastels to give it a sense of softness, and a sheer window so people can show off their personality. I think the real chain is self-explanatory, what you do, whatever you want to do, that shits real, that shits valid, don’t let anyone limit you and tell you that your aspirations are fake. What does it mean for you to be a part of Nike’s limited edition collection? It feels crazy! I As a child I never thought it was a possibility for me to work in the creative world and even more of a ludicrous fantasy to be able to have my own shoe. I think it’s a testament that any dream you have can be built. This journey with Nike has been a really formative experience for me as artist, I have never been so affirmed in my artistry. I was able to direct so many aspects of the campaign from the casting, color ways, and insert in the shoe. Being believed in is a magic that I want to pass on. Everything can be real!! What does travel mean to you? Through my time traveling I’ve realized that I learn mostly through experience. Through meeting people and exchanging stories of each other’s lives, I not only gain an objective knowledge but also broaden my emotional intelligence. A willingness to learn doesn't have to only connote traditional practices of learning, an education can be childlike and involves a lot of falling and getting back up. Traveling allows to see me to see the world for the first time always, everything and anything can fill me with wonder.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    WILDFOX clothing.  WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, JF LONDON shoes, ASOS belt, and KRYSIA RENAI necklace.  WILDFOX clothing and DALMATA necklace and ring.  WILDFOX clothing, B JAMES bag, WOLF CIRCUS necklace, and FARRADAS KNITS clips.  WILDFOX t-shirt and CLYDE hat  WILDFOX clothing, ASOS headband, IMAGO-A belt, and MALONE SOULIERS shoes.  WILDFOX clothing and MISCREANTS gloves.   Left to right: WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, VIA SPIGA shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. WILDFOX sunglasses, MALONE SOULIERS shoes, FARRADAS KNITSearrings, I.O. COLLECTIVE ring, and NORA KOGAN ring.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings.  WILDFOX clothing, TIBI belt, LADY GREY earrings, and MARY MACGILL necklace.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. In a city more rife with wantrepreneurs than we care to truly consider, there are origin stories aplenty. Divided this in two, split that up, and presto! Success! Took the family business and scaled it. Had an invention idea come in a dream and now we're shipping ten thousand units. Was in the right place at the right time. Knew a guy who knew a guy and the rest is history. Often rather boring stories. But how often do you hear of success stories that originate in the club? Business is done in clubs, business is celebrated in clubs, but rarely do you witness material success be birthed in the club. Enter saxophonist and entrepreneur Jimmy Sommers, CEO of Wildfox and 100% owner of the lifestyle brand known for its sun-soaked, sexy California attitude. In addition to being Wildfox CEO, Jimmy Sommers is a partner in top shelf tequila, Perfectomundo, with multi-Grammy winning DJ and producer, Paul Oakenfold, and owns a boutique line of beautifully hand-forged eyewear, very appropriately named Sommers.  Wildfox was birthed over a decade ago. While throwing must-attend parties all over the world, and made in LA units flying fast, the company navigated the economic recession and explosion of e-commerce with a big smile on its face. The birth of influencer marketing across Instagram, however, and a glut of fast, cheap fashion brands, have created challenges in recent seasons, and Sommers is continually seeking ways in which to stay true to how his brand was built and scaled, while integrating a modern sensibility for how fashion is currently consumed. Sommers took time on the deck of his Modern home in the Hollywood Hills, to speak on the changes he's witnessed in the apparel industry, as well as Los Angeles, as well as his only-in-Hollywood story of rising to musical prominence, and in so doing, creating a platform for himself with which to meet the world and explore other ventures. In support is a Wildfox Fall '19 editorial, photographed on the azure hills of Malibu late this summer by frequent Flaunt photographer, Shane McCauley. You found your footing in Hollywood with an exceptional saxophone talent right?  Exactly, being good at something was my way in. The saxophone was my in to Hollywood, in to different events, meeting people. It was a tool. I used the sax as a tool. In college I got a scholarship for it. Then I got to take a crack at LA because I had a reason: to become a professional saxophone player. I was very fortunate to have parents that are supportive and together still, which is rare. They’re my backbone.   And what sort of evolutions have you observed in the music industry over time? The music industry is… well, it’s funny because when I came out here there was something called smooth jazz, and there were jazz and smooth jazz stations. I grew up listening to David Sanborn and Marcus Miller and their style was my key influence. I had gigs all the time. But that’s changed and so has my music career. I used to go on tour all the time. So, the radio stations changed their formats and then comes Hip-Hop. When I was out here recording, it was Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg and Tupac and that era, which was cool shit—it still is cool—but now it’s a whole new and different thing.  You actually mentioned you recorded with all manner of artists at the time, like Tupac himself? Well it just happened that Dr. Dre and Tupac’s engineer lived in my house on Sunset. That’s how it came to be. All of the sudden I was exposed to this music, so then I was playing with them… What’s interesting is that when I was out here, I played saxophone at the China Club, and the China Club is where all the musicians came. I played with Prince, I played with the Kal David band. Rick James came to play. I was immersed with all these great musicians. And what was the sort of lightning bolt moment that deepened your involvement? I was a guest at a part of John Paul DeJoria’s house, the guy that started Paul Mitchell. I was at the bar drinking Patrón with Rod Stewart, who I had just met. We got to laughing and I said, “Rod, let’s go play with the band. I’ve got my sax in the car.” I went to get out my sax and next thing we’re on stage with the band. And that’s where JP was like, ‘Wow, you’re great.’ I didn’t have a record deal at the time, but he was like, ‘How can I help you? Come to my office.’ So inspiring. So I end up playing his gatherings where ten thousand people come, all his hairdressers. He puts a package together, about a hundred and fifty thousand CDs, and distributes them at the salons, which was a catapult to me getting a record deal. It was outside the box, and that really helped me stand out from the rest. That’s what he does. He builds people up. All of the sudden, when my record was done, all of the record labels wanted some. That’s when I ended up getting into the record business with Universal. They pushed me because JP believed in me. And what a vision. He actually started Patrón Tequila 29 years ago, sold it for five billion bucks. And what is he doing now? Giving back. He’s doing great things, and he’s always done that. Doesn’t just go buy a yacht or whatever. He’s such a humanitarian. The guy is just too good to be true. WILDFOX clothing And now you’ve launched your own tequila brand, Perfectomundo? My best friend met someone that owned the best distillery in Mexico. He said ‘we have the best blend of Tequila,’ so we decided to make it. We ended up collaborating with Paul Oakenfold to do Perfectomundo tequila, which is the same name as Paul’s label. It seemed like a good fit. It’s nice to have a business with friends that you can enjoy. We started it a couple years ago, and it’s doing great, and God damn you should try it. It’s delicious! Tequila’s growing big time. And ours has been rated in several shows and tastings, it’s won a lot of awards. The problem with these big tequila companies is they can’t make it fast enough. So they pump it through, and it’s not as good anymore. Being a boutique brand, it’s small batches, and extremely good. Has LA changed a lot to you since coming here? Oh man, in so many ways. To start, there was no bottle service. You’d go out, it wasn’t all the phones with the cameras. You’d go out there, you’d talk to people, not everyone was staring at their phones. That’s just in general, not just LA. But it’s not the same as it used to be. It still is beautiful. It’s still got talented people. Beautiful beaches, you know, beautiful hills. I suppose it’s just that technology has changed.   And how did you make the music to fashion transition? Were you inspired by something in general? Being in that circuit, going to Paris, seeing all that, the fashion shows and having friends in the fashion business was major. And what goes on in London, Paris, Milan—it's so different. Music propelled me to go and experience the world and fortunately enough there came an opportunity to get involved in something else. I knew what was going on in fashion, I was going to the trade shows, seeing what people were doing out there. And to put a different spin on something was key. These two girls came and pitched an idea, something different with a t-shirt company. Oversized, different shapes, something completely different. That’s when we first launched Wildfox. And of course it blew up. Was there a key moment in time? A couple girls came to me with an idea. I said as long as it’s the coziest, softest material, I’m down. That’s what I was going for—the best materials with the right washes. But, we couldn’t even get into the majors, because we had just started. One day, a friend, Alessandra Ambrosio, said, ‘Jimmy Sommers, I’ll model for you. I’ll put your clothes on and I’ll take some pictures. But you do it! You take the pictures.’ So when she was in town, I threw the T-Shirts on her. I had never done this before, so I went to Samy’s Camera and said, ‘Give me your best camera.; It was a 5D and I said, ‘Well, what do you do? I’m shooting a Victoria’s Secret model, what do you do?’ And they just go, ‘Yeah right, sir. Just put it in auto.”’ So, I bought the camera for five grand and went and she put on all the shirts. Then Alessandra was like, ‘Well you can’t use these because Victoria’s Secret is going to get mad.’ So, I said, ‘Ok, of course not, I won’t use these.’ Then, at the trade show, I blew up the biggest photo of her, which was overlooking the whole show. People took notice, and the first order I got was a $60,000 order from Kitson. And I go, ‘How did you see us over here? We’re not even in the main show!?’ And of course they said ‘well, we saw that poster of Alessandra.’ Of course, I was in debt, so it was so great. Alessandra was the key thing. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. How would you describe the identity of the Wildfox brand, how it came to be a force? I’d say along the lines of, ‘Oh, that’s the brand with the softest material,’ the funny sayings, ‘celebrities wear it’, that sorta thing. As the current Wildfox CEO, I ensure we make all our clothes in LA, and it’s great stuff that’ll last forever. Quality. Any person that has a shirt since we started is still wearing it—I’m wearing one right now. They’re out there and they’ve got a frickin’ Wildfox—especially in LA and New York and London—they have something of ours in their closet. Now these other brands come, these fast fashion brands that have Internet money, and it’s cheaper clothes. And there’s all this paying people to wear stuff. We never had to do that when I started. And there’s a lot of that now. Yes, and the mimicry scales so fast. There’s a lot of copycat brands, but what can you do? Just be original. When I started as Wildfox CEO, we thought simply: let’s make t-shirts like butter. The softest t-shirts ever. People say that our first shirts are like fine wine. They just keep getting better and better. They don’t fall apart. Now we have to keep evolving and doing other things. From dresses and higher fashion stuff. Everyone still loves a good shirt and sweats and loungewear, but you have to watch where the world is up to. And now we’re all watching each other on little screens? Yes! Instagram wasn’t around when we started. In fact, we were one of the first accounts to get so many followers. Now, everyone’s influenced by it, which is kind of sad, because it can easily get carried away. It’s good to get these people’s support, but you know… these influencers have so much coming to them. If someone likes a brand, they’ll wear it and talk about it. I talk about a lot of things I like. But, like, one post? It’s not sincere. Left to right: CLYDE hat, JF LONDON shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. CLYDE hat, HARDEMAN shoes, stylist’s own socks, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings. And have you felt tested by owning a company, dealing with the ebbs and flows from the top? Of course. Having a company, you’re working with people, spending more time with your colleagues than anyone. It’s nice to do special things and, hey, if you can be successful and be funny as a company, isn’t that great for everyone involved? Me, being an artist, I get carried away a little and spend too much, and it catches up. This month we are restructuring our offices, tightening up my business. Now we have all these incredible new designs, and there’s excitement at first, then a little stagnancy. Like a relationship. You have to keep tooling and pushing. And do you feel the trajectory is normal for a brand, like a cycle, or is Jimmy Sommers’ Wildfox different?  There are unique circumstances to Wildfox and then much of it is normal high’s and low’s for any brand. Looking back, when you’re rising every year, a lot of big brands would call me and I gave them the middle finger because I thought everything was going to keep going up. ‘I don’t need this, everything's fine.’ But sometimes you do need someone to come in and give some help. It’s been my strategy to stay a one hundred percent owner, but I'm always looking for a strategic partner who can grow it bigger and bigger. You’re always hearing about the pitfalls of growth in the fashion and apparel industry. Any truth to that? You get cocky, but, you know, the consistent factor is you always need some really good people around. I’m still dealing with people that I find out they were faking it. It’s like, what was I doing for the last seven years paying you a hundred and twenty grand? What were you doing? Because I love it when people leave or go and you don’t even need to replace them. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. And how about outside insights or consultation? Not being from this business, I’ve hired a lot of consultants. I’ve figured out that they’ve told me everything I was already doing. With consultants, I’ve learned they’re typically the failed CEOs of their own businesses, or CEOs that got fired, and they want a lot of money. Every consultant I’ve taken aboard hasn’t changed shit. They’ll move certain things around and they’re just shuffling papers. They’ll come in and paper shuffle, and it’s like ‘Oh my God, how much money am I spending?’ So perhaps it’s more in the creative structure? Who at this stage might you think to be an ideal partner? It’s got to be a funny cat. Look at Pharrell! He’s got all this crazy music, he’s great. We’ve met a few times and once I was like, ‘Aren’t you doing fashion?’ and he named four different companies. Wow, what a talent. So someone like that I’d like to get in the mix. New approach on creative ideas. Even Nike does all these things. Collaborations are big business these days. It sparks energy into something, so I’m looking for collabs and there’s a lot of possibilities. Jimmy, aside from being Wildfox CEO and tequila entrepreneur, how about your personal trajectory? Any excerpts from the book of life? All you can do is just learn from life and other people. But you have to trust other people so you truly can learn from them. And that doesn’t always work out, but you have to try. ‘If you look back,’ my father used to ask me, ‘would you change anything?’ You know what, no I wouldn’t. But maybe I have to say that because my father asked me! And how about music? You’re still keeping an eye on the scene? I’m always supporting new artists, as I was one back in the day. Lately I’ve been signing country artists. I know how it is, it’s tough. So it’s nice for me to help out other people, and not just for one song. You have to throw a lot in there and see what sticks. I did that with my music. I worked on three albums at once, and could never finish anything! But then I’d be putting together a record in Chicago, and I’d meet someone and they’d be like, ‘Let’s have ten songs in three months.’ And I was like, ‘Wow, that works.’ Deadlines are important! CLYDE hat, TIBI shoes, IMAGO-A bag, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace. And you’re building a studio up here in the Hills? It’s pretty amazing, the sound. I have a great sound system up here, and you can really hear when someone knows how to record, or mix. Man, that’s a big deal, the mixing. My favorite place to create is like this, where something sounds good. You know, in the Hills, in the studio. That’s why Tupac and everyone used to roll through back in the day! I had a recording studio! That’s why I’m building a new one up here. It’s a special spot. When you’re first in the Hills, you look out there and you’re thinking ‘Wow, I wanna move out here.’ And so I’ve always lived in the Hills, from all the way around. Like seven different houses, and I finally bought one. I look out, and I see the city sparkling, and all those people and their lives from here to as far as you can see, and you’re just on top of the hill, on top of the world. It feels frickin’ good, and it still does. And how’s it all going to land? What’s the big picture look like? Well, it would be nice to have a great relationship, and kids, and this and that. But who knows? Let’s just say I’m gonna die however, but with a smile on my face. Peter Fonda just passed away, and you know, his sister Jane, that’s what she said, that he ‘passed but he had a smile on his face.’ It’s like, have a good ride, because we’re not here forever. Photographed by Shane McCauley.  Flaunt Film Directed by Lucas Chemotti. Models: Dani Dolinger at LA Models and Patterson Wells at Visions Models LA. Styled by Britton Litow. Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co and Oribe at Nest Artists. Makeup: Cedric Jolivet using MAC Cosmetics at Lowe & Co. Manicurist: Lisa Jachno using Chanel Le Vernis at Opus Beauty. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019 The contemporary jewelry line, AGMES, is the brainchild of Morgan and Jaclyn Solomon. Each collection is influenced by facets of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art. The geometric and sculptural, metallic silhouettes reflect modern heirlooms, meant to last a lifetime. Handcrafted in New York, the sisters provide local jobs and utilize recycled metals, which is central to their code of ethicality. With the release of their Fall 2019 lookbook, Flaunt spoke with the Solomon gals to chat all things AGMES. Tell us about the inception of AGMES. Morgan Solomon: We hadn’t anticipated starting a line together years ago, it all happened naturally and kind of fell into place this way. I was working as a buyer at Bloomingdale’s at the time but always felt like something was missing in my life. After catching up with an old friend, I was re-inspired and decided to pursue jewelry design full-time. Meanwhile, Jaclyn had just resigned from her job as a sweater designer at Proenza Schouler. She had planned to take a little time off, but as I was getting ready to launch my first collection, I was asking her for more and more input. It started out with small projects, to larger projects like producing our first lookbook, and naturally led us to form a partnership. What aspects of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art inspire the geometry of your designs? MS: Our collection is very sculptural in nature, so we’re often inspired by sculptors such as Jean Arp, Henry Moore, and Barbara Hepworth, to name a few. We’ve also been greatly inspired by the designs of Charlotte Perriand, Pierre Jeanneret, and Mies van der Rohe. For our most recent SS19 collection, we drew from Ellsworth Kelly’s plant drawings. What dedications has the brand made in regards to sustainability?  MS: Sustainability has always been very important to us, but we feel that now more than ever, it’s crucial to keep our environmental footprint as small as possible. There is so much waste in this industry, and we think it’s our responsibility to make sure we’re not adding to the problem. All our products are made locally in NYC, which helps keep our carbon footprint small, and we use only recycled metals for all our jewelry. Any excess metal that hasn’t been used in our jewelry is melted and repurposed for new pieces.  Jaclyn Solomon: We recycle and reuse everything we can. We’re always bringing in bubble wrap, packaging materials, boxes, etc. from packages we receive at home so that we can reuse them instead of letting them go to waste. What are some of the ideas and concepts behind your Fall 2019 collection? JS: We drew from one of our favorite pieces from the existing collection, the Gabriela Bangle, which we had hand-formed from clay. We love the weight of this piece, the feel of it, and the look. So we wanted to continue playing with this sculptural hand-formed look, but play with the proportions and symmetry further. Most of this collection came from pieces we hand-formed from clay. Do you have a favorite piece from the collection? JS: My favorite is the Gabriela Hairclip! MS: I’ve been wearing the Medium Celia Hoops almost every day lately. And I’ve also been wearing our Domed Ring layered with the Cara Ring from last season. I love being able to build off the styles I already have.  What’s next?  MS: We’ve only just begun expanding into the accessories category – first jewelry, and then we introduced some home and hair accessories. We’ve been exploring the idea of expanding further into these categories, in a way that stays true to us – beautiful organic forms, all of which will become modern heirlooms and embody a sense of timelessness. Photography: Arno Frugier Creative direction: Ashley Helvey Model: Audrey Marnay Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   DRIES VAN NOTEN jacket, A.L.C. top, 3×1 jeans, and FRĒDA SALVADOR shoes.       BURBERRY PRORSUM coat, CARVEN top, JAMES JEANS jeans, and FRĒDA SALVADORE shoes.     DRIES VAN NOTEN jacket, DSQUARED2 top, BLUE SKIN jeans, and FRĒDA SALVADORE shoes.     DRIES VAN NOTEN jacket and MOTHER jeans.       DIESEL fur vest, DRIES VAN NOTEN sequin top, and HUDSON JEANS jeans.       DRIES VAN NOTEN jacket, ARQUAS top, J BRAND jeans, and FRĒDA SALVADORE shoes.       BURBERRY PRORSUM cashmere fringe poncho, RAG & BONE top, MCGUIRE jeans, and FRĒDA SALVADORE shoes.     BURBERRY PRORSUM cape, DSQUARED2 top, JAMES JEANS jeans, GLADYS TAMEZ MILLINERY hat, and FRĒDA SALVADORE shoes.                 Set Designer: Cassie Jakubowski for Birdie-Boutique.com. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   ‘Gourmande Pastel’ ring in yellow gold with diamonds, green beryl, grey mother-of-pearl, and purple sapphires and ‘Miss Dior’ ring in white gold with diamonds and aquamarine by Dior Fine Jewelry and ‘Perle de Rosée’ earrings in 18k white gold with diamonds, moonstones, pearls, and black and grey spinels by Chanel Fine Jewelry.     ‘Paris Nouvelle Vague’ bracelet in 18k rose gold with amethysts, aquamarines, tourmalines, spinels, and diamonds, ‘Paris Nouvelle Vague’ ring in 18k rose gold with blue sapphires, chalcedonies, lapis lazuli, turquoise, moonstone, aquamarine, and diamonds, and ‘Paris Nouvelle Vague’ ring in 18k rose gold with morganite, spinels, and cultured freshwater pearls by Cartier.     ‘Mors de Bride’ necklace in silver by Hermès.     ‘Moon & Shooting Stars’ earrings and Necklace in 18k white gold with labradorite and diamonds by Maiyet.     ‘Printemps de Camelia’ earrings in 18k white gold with diamonds, cultured pearls and purple sapphires, ‘Panache’ ring in 18k white gold with 469 brilliant-cut diamonds and 48CT of cabochon-cut morganite, and ‘Camélia Origami’ ring in 18k white gold with 122 brilliant-cut diamonds, 266 brilliant-cut purple and pink sapphires, and 3 brilliant-cut spinels by Chanel Fine Jewelry.                  We had just wrapped up a semester’s worth of unofficial seminars on pickpocketing and the history of jewel thievery taught by our friend Dashiell—a sophomore who spent last summer living money-free on the streets of Liechtenstein—and were on our way to summer camp at Lake Raquette—as our family has summered for generations—historically the time that mother chooses to give us a “vacation” from our meds. Adderall, Lexapro, and Vicodin being Auden’s sole reason for living, this was obviously unacceptable to us. Pre heat oven to 250°. Place nuts on a lined bake sheet and bake for 10 minutes or until slightly browned. Place in fridge for 15 minutes to cool down the nuts. It was while we were discussing the matter with Hopper—who also camps at Raquette—that Auden had the idea of purloining the jewels and fencing them to a jewel broker we found through the Annuaire—the directory of all living alumni, or les anciens Roséens as they are called—for a few months worth of Canadian pharmaceuticals during our layover in Toronto. As you can imagine, Auden was so ecstatic that she almost smiled. The main problem, then, was how to get the spoils out of Switzerland. Twelve-year-olds carrying millions of Euros worth of jewels are known to raise alarm no matter how good looking we may be. Our plan was to claim half the jewels, wearing them on our person like some of our colleagues, those god-awful “Rich kids of Instagram,” and to hide the other half of the loot in the trail mix that mother thoughtfully shipped over to us for our voyage. Auden is crazy about mulberries. If only our private jet were available, these precautions wouldn’t be necessary, but father requires the plane in Shanghai (he rents a suite at the Peninsula by the year these days) while he is consulting for Yu’e Bao. Not having our own transportation is the only thing that Auden and I truly despise. Keep the mix in an airtight container, jar or bag. Enjoy out on the trail, watching the game or as a snack anytime. Auden reminds me constantly that we should always be learning, so now some history: Eugène François Vidocq was a master thief who became the first detective. The first time he was thrown in jail he was 16. This experience taught the young virtuoso that he could survive and even thrive in a cell, and he immediately commenced a lifetime of rabble-rousing. Being sentenced to death was the only thing that could stop him, but he managed to talk his way out of the noose by becoming a spy for the Paris police, eventually amassing so much success that he opened a spy ring and detective agency. “I believe I might have become a perpetual spy, so far was every one from supposing that any connivance existed between the agents of the public authority and myself. Even the porters and keepers were in ignorance of my mission with which I was entrusted. Adored by the thieves, esteemed by the most determined bandits (for even these hardened wretches have a sentiment which they call esteem), I could always rely on their devotion to me.” —Memoirs of Vidocq (1828) Preheat the oven to 300°F. In a large mixing bowl, toss together the oats, coconut, pistachios, pumpkin seeds, and salt. In a small saucepan over low heat, warm the brown sugar, maple syrup, and olive oil until the sugar is just dissolved. Fold into the oat mixture, coating all of the dry ingredients as evenly as possible. Spread out onto a large rimmed baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Bake until dry and lightly golden, 15 to 20 minutes, stirring the granola often to allow for even baking and drying. Remove from the oven and fold in the dried sour cherries. Allow to cool to room temperature before transferring to individual jars. Makes 6 cups  Many modern-day jewel thieves lack the panache of Vidocq. Take Lindsay Lohan for example. While I admire her perseverance, I fear that she is only motivated by stupidity and kleptomania; plus she keeps getting caught. Doris Payne, however, is a shining exception. Payne was an artist in every sense of the word. She swiped jewels from some of the best jewelry stores on the planet using only her looks, charm, and wits, and even when she was caught she remained unbowed. “I don’t have any regrets about stealing jewelry, I regret getting caught,” Payne said when she was in her eighties. She reportedly had twenty recorded aliases, five Social Security numbers and nine dates of birth on record; her mug shot is a work of art. Back in Mme. von Jori’s parlor, things were going swimmingly. Once Auden sets her mind to something she really goes all out; during the most stirring part of “En Forêt.” Mme. von Jori’s guests were so moved that removing their diamonds, pearls, and gold was a snap, and once the last note rang out, Auden collapsed, weeping, seemingly overcome by the beauty of the piece while I comforted her—stashing the jewels in the body of her French horn, which, being gold-plated itself, concealed the cache perfectly—and ushered her out the door before anyone suspected a thing. —FBI.gov Our plan went perfectly in Toronto. The TSA agents looked greedily at our trail mix while they had their paws all over our custom Louis Vuitton trunks, but after explaining that these particular mulberries must be picked at midnight on a night with 60-70% humidity and offering them a small bag for their Instagram account they let us pass with little hassle. Enjoy with your eyes open or closed. Best shared with a stranger. Happy Summertime. After the horror of flying “first class” we were grateful to transfer to the private plane owned by Milo’s family. Milo is an old Roséen as well, and his family has also camped at Raquette for four generations, so we knew he would hold the plane for us once we told him of our plan (and picked him up several months worth of Flexeril—the secret to his incredibly limber high-dive—in the process). It was then that it began to dawn on Auden and me that there might be other campers in the same sticky situation, and that it was our Camp Raquette duty to help them. Right then and there we called up all our old friends and then our pharmacist to put in an extra order for some Chlorpromazine, Xanax, Celexa, Prozac, Wellbutrin, and Cymbalta (the quality of the Canadian medical system is really unparalleled). All that remained was to fence the remainder of the jewels and pay a visit to our pharmacist. Our jewel broker was a gem himself, he was more than happy to take a look at our goods, and after hearing our sob story—and putting in a small order for some Seroquel, which, though commonly thought of as an anti-psychotic, has the added benefit of imparting a mask-like appearance to the face, an invaluable trait for a jewel buyer—we were on our way. Let the pan cool off a bit and reheat between each batch. This just helps to prevent burning. Although the prescriptions were ordered in our mother’s name—who has been prescribed every drug known to the American Medical Association—we still were unsure with an unknown pharmacist. We made sure to wear our largest Tom Fords, and to down the remainder of our Lexapro—taking advantage of its best side effect: “increased risk-taking behavior” before strolling into the quaint pharmacy while channeling our eternal role model for giving zero fucks: Doris Payne. The balding, thin Torontonian behind the counter did seem suspicious at first, but after placing a call to mother’s doctor, who could not confirm the plausibility of her being in Toronto but not deny the plausibility of her being prescribed large doses of all the meds on our list, he dusted off the scales and got to work. It looked like we were on our way to medicated bliss until the balding pharmacist’s wife emerged from her ogre’s cave behind the window. Short, bearded, and round, Auden knew we were in trouble as soon as we saw the witch. With a bestial grunt Mrs. Pharmacist started flailing her hands at her husband and gesturing to us. Our faces, thanks to our faithful friend Vicodin, betrayed not a hint of anxiety, and when she finally turned to us for our interrogation, our coolness under pressure ushered in an opportunity for the sad little man to finally stick it to his dog of a wife. He was still gleefully shouting at her as we were on our way out the door. Allow the mix to cool. Break up into chunks and put in a bowl. Toss with the peanut butter M&M’s, mini pretzels, golden raisins, and rice crackers.   As Milo’s plane skimmed the lush Maine landscape and old Raquette neared, we once again reflected on our patron saint Vidocq, and mused that even the most talented and legendary jewel thief went clean eventually. He outwitted criminals by thinking like them until he was forced to retire after some young upstart of a police chief with no sense of humor got on his case one too many times. Vidocq responded (like a badass) with a legendary resignation letter: “For eighteen years I served the police with distinction. I’ve never received any criticism from your predecessors. I must think therefore that I never earned one. Since your appointment to the Second Division, this is the second time you did me the honor to address me by complaining about my agents. Am I their master in the time they spend out of office? No. To save you, sir, the trouble of sending me further similar complaints in the future, and me the inconvenience of receiving them, I have the honor to solicit you for accepting my resignation.” At least these are the thoughts that we would have had, had we not been so heavily, delightfully, medicated.   Styling Assistant: Martn Hamery. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                               Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                              Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                       Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Eliza wears Cropped sheepskin jacket by Sandro, pussy bow blouse and Suede lace-up shorts by Alexa Chung for AG, and suede boots by Robert Clergerie.     Marcele wears Tartan faux fur collar coat by Shrimps, Denim flared jeans by 7 For All Mankind, and patent leather shoes by J.W. Anderson.     Val wears Patent leather contrast collar coat by Dior and denim chambray shirt by WeSC.     Velvet jacket, silk zipped top, and silk trousers by Louis Vuitton.     Denim cow print jeans by Faustine Steinmetz and patent leather shoes by J.W.Anderson.     Ella wears Denim jumpsuit by Valentino, knit bodysuit by Sonia Rykiel, leather shoes by Céline, and pavé diamond choker by Eddie Borgo.     Corduroy waistcoat by Alexa Chung for AG, belted dress by Miu Miu, Suede boots by Robert Clergerie, and ring by Dior.     Painted leather jacket by Mary Benson, denim jeans by US Jeans Co., pavé diamond choker by Eddie Borgo, and snakeskin heels by Miu Miu.       Fur jacket and denim skirt with frayed edge by Marques’Almeida, knit bodysuit by Sonia Rykiel, Suede boots by Robert Clergerie, Vintage necktie from Rokit, and Ring by Dior.       Knit cardigan by M Missoni, printed silk shirt by Carven, Khaki flared pants by J Brand and snakeskin heels by Miu Miu.       Denim waistcoat by MM6 Maison Margiela, Printed silk shirt by BLK DNM, and Distressed denim flared jeans by Siwy.       Double-breasted jacket and Denim mini skirt by Sonia Rykiel, silk shirt by Theory, scarf by Fendi, and Necklace by Eddie Borgo.       Cropped denim jacket by Rag & Bone, patchwork flared trousers by J.W. Anderson, and ring by Dior.                 Fashion Assistant: Efe Igbinadolor. 
 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Printed Denim jacket and Shorts by Vivienne Westwood Anglomania, Tights by Donna Karan, Sneakers by Nike, and Vintage Yves Saint Laurent gold chain necklaces (worn throughout).     Knit Long sleeve dress by Louis Vuitton, Tights by Calvin Klein, and Sneakers by Nike.     Sweatshirt and Striped wide leg trousers by Topshop, denim Maxi skirt with button front by Chloé, and Sneakers by Nike.       Striped bomber, top, and crinkled crêpe culottes by McQ Alexander McQueen.       Mesh and tulle mini dress with all-over passementerie embroidery by Dolce & Gabbana, Trainers by Nike, ‘Individual 10’ tights by Wolford, and Aviator sunglasses by Ray-Ban.       Sequined jacket and leather top by DSquared2 and Trousers by 3.1 Phillip Lim.       Tank top by H&M.       Oversized coat and printed ‘paper’ wide leg trousers by Kenzo.                 Special Thanks : FilmPlus London at FilmPlus.com and Farrow & Ball Paint London at Farrow-Ball.com. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Denim jacket by Chip Foster and Knit sweater and trousers by Gucci.       Left to Right: Shirt and trousers by Louis Vuitton. Shirt by Louis Vuitton, Coated jeans by Sand Copenhagen, and Sandals by Prada.       Denim Jacket by 7 for All Mankind, Top and Sweatpants by Paul Smith, and Sneakers by Topman.       Blanket stylist’s own, tank top by Ermenegildo zegna, jeans by guess, and Sandals by Prada.       Denim Jacket by 7 for All Mankind and Top and Sweatpants by Paul Smith.       Denim Jacket by 7 for All Mankind.     Knitted leather cardigan by Hermès, Denim shorts by Mavi, and Belt by Diesel.       Shirt by Chip Foster.       Jacket, Sweater, Pants, and Sandals by Prada, and Belt by Diesel.       Silk shirt by Marc Jacobs and Denim shorts by Big Star.       Top by Topman and Jeans by Jacob Davis.       Leather jacket, T-shirt, and Jeans by Diesel.                  Special Thanks to Constance.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Silk knit tiered ruffled long sleeve dress by Alexander McQueen and patent leather thigh high boots by Giuseppe Zanotti.     Wool felt tweed coat, wool felt strapless dress, and patent leather shoes  Lucite heels by Dior.     Wool sleeveless vest with metal collar, Leather shirt, Wool skirt with metal trim, and Patent leather platform boots by Alexander Wang.     Wool vest, Bodysuit, and Split skirt by Lanvin and Studded leather heels by Altuzarra.     Wool felt dress with leather panels and Suede booties by Céline.     Wool coat with metallic pattern and Wool sheath dress by Thom Browne and Leather boots by Christian Louboutin.     Shearling and python coat with skunk fur collar and Long pleated lurex jacquard skirt with eyelet details by Marc Jacobs.     Embroidered coat, Cashmere turtleneck, and Wool skirt by Chanel.     Nylon short sleeve shirt, Embroidered wool tweed tank dress, and Crocodile leather and wool gloves by Prada and Suede heels by Christian Louboutin.     Wool coat with fox fur collar, Printed silk blouse, and Leather skirt by Altuzarra.     Wool ‘Wax Pistil’ embroidered bolero and embroidered tweed tank dress by Balenciaga and leather crochet boots by Proenza Schouler.                 Makeup: Ingeborg for Tmg-la.com. Beauty Notes: Poudre Multi-Eclat Mineral Loose Powder in Transparent Light, Skin Illusion Loose Powder Foundation Cream, Blush Prodige Illuminating Cheek Color in Soft Peach, Ombre Matte Eyeshadow Cream-to-Powder in Nude Pink, Ombre Minérale Mono Eyeshadow in Lingerie, and Joli Rouge Perfect Shine Sheer Lipstick in Pink Sugar by Clarins. Thick Dry Finishing Spray and Soft Dry Conditioner Spray by Oribe and Bb Cityswept Finish by Bumble and bumble.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Distressed Denim Jacket by Diesel and  Cotton T-Shirt by T by Alexander Wang.      Distressed Denim Jacket by Diesel, Cotton T-Shirt by T By Alexander Wang, Distressed Boyfriend Jeans by Topshop and Leather Belt by Diesel.      Vintage Jean Paul Gaultier Tuxedo Jacket From Decades, Los Angeles, Long Sleeve Mesh T-Shirt by H&M, Vintage Levi’s 501 Jeans, Stylist’s Own     Distressed Denim Shirt by Topshop, Distressed Boyfriend Jeans by Citizens Of Humanity, Shoes by Dr. Martens, and Socks by Hanes.     Denim Vest and Vintage Wash Jeans by Levi’s, Cotton Muscle T by Topshop, Leather Belt by Diesel, Shoes by Dr. Martens, Socks by Hanes.     Vintage Levi’s Jacket, Stylist’s Own, Cotton T-Shirt by Hanes, Black High Waist Wool Trousers by Comme Des Garçons.     Cut-Off Sleeve Top by H&M, Vintage Levi’s Jacket, Stylist’s Own.     Black Sport Coat by Maison Martin Margiela, and Ivory Cotton Shredded Tab Collar Shirt by IRO.     Black Formal Coat and White Long Sleeve Net T-Shirt by H&M, and Distressed Jeans by Diesel.                  Model: Hannah Vandermolen for trumpmodels.com Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Mesh plastic top, Mesh plastic skirt panel, and Cotton pants by Kokon to Zai.                  Groomer: Rudy Martins for LAtelierNYC.com. Grooming Notes: Oil Free Facial Lotion Broad Spectrum Sunscreen SPF 30 and Continuous Moisture Eye Cream by Anthony and Prêt-À-Powder, Grooming Creme, and Bb Texture by Bumble and Bumble. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                             Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                           Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Coat by Dior        Jeans by Mr Completely.     Sweat pants by Dope.      Tshirt by ADBD Squad.                   Model: Justin Barnhill for TwoManagement.com Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                           Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Polyester coat and Jacket by Cerruti and Extra long Vest and Narrow drawstring trousers by Casely-Hayford.      PVC Jacket by Calvin Klein collection and Top and Scarf by Paul Smith.      Printed suit and shirt by Yohji Yamamoto.     Silk dress by Gucci.     T-shirt and Linen pants by Gieves & Hawkes.     One-sleeve off the shoulder Top and sheer sleeveless top by Versace.     Jamaican wallpaper print shirt by Vivienne Westwood Man.     Striped wool jacket and silk Georgette shirt by Saint Laurent.      Knit Jumpsuit by Joseph and Sandals by Burberry.     Knit sweater by Fendi.                  Styling Assistants: Laurie Lederman and Sidney Turner. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                          
 Edited by Rose Forde. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                                         
 Edited by Rose Forde. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                             
 Edited by Rose Forde. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Wool jacket, silk nylon knit polo, and cotton tights by Versace and Leather boots by Balenciaga.     From left to right: Leather jacket by Bally, cotton long shirt, and denim printed jeans by Off-White c/o Virgil Abloh, and Leather boots by Kenneth Cole. Wool coat by Burberry Prorsum and denim jeans by Sacai.     Leather biker jacket and printed cotton button-up shirt by Saint Laurent.     From left to right: Corduroy jacket, cotton polo shirt, and cotton sweatpants by Bottega Veneta and Leather sneakers by Raf Simons for Adidas. Cotton extended collar button-down shirt and cotton shorts by Public School and Suede shoes by Rick Owens for Adidas.     Printed cotton cardigan, printed cotton shirt, and printed cotton pants by Comme des Garçons Homme Plus.     Wool jacket, wool pants, and cotton turtleneck shirt by Balenciaga.     Leather coat with fur trim and denim jeans by Tom Ford and Leather boots by Christian Louboutin.     Wool printed coat, denim jacket, and denim jeans by Louis Vuitton and Leather boots by Frye.     From left to right: Silk long sleeve shirt, cotton pants, and silk scarf by Lanvin. Leather coat with fur collar, cotton crew neck shirt, and denim jeans by Hermès.     Cotton jacket and cotton pants by Prada and Leather boots by Frye.                 Models: Mikhael Ayoub and Rafael Perez for Requestmodels.com, Bobby Blanski for newyorkmodels.com, and Deion Smith for rednyc.com. Grooming Notes: Super Moisture Gel, Revitalizing Gel and Active Hand Care by ClarinsMen. Surf Spray, Bb Texture, and Grooming Crème by Bumble and bumble. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                           
 Edited by Rose Forde. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                                        
 Edited by Rose Forde. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Lary wears sleeveless sweater and denim pants by Alex Mullins and Shoes by Dr. Martens. Kiki wears sweater with open back and denim pants by Alex Mullins and Shoes by Dr. Martens.       Genetically modified Ostrich DNA Print Vinyl Coat, Sweater, and Shirt by Prada and Denim jacket by Topshop.       Jacket by McQ Alexander McQueen, Denim jacket and denim jeans by Levi’s, and Rollneck sweater by A.P.C.       Dress by Boss, denim shirt (tied at waist) by BLK DNM, Sweater (tied at waist) by Equipment, and chisel embellished kidskin pumps by Céline. Boiled wool fringed Dress and chisel embellished kidskin pumps by Céline, denim shirt (tied at waist) by BLK DNM, and Sweater (tied at waist) by Equipment.       Leather Jacket and scarf by Coach and Jeans (worn as a scarf) by Diesel.       Lace-up front dress by Preen by Thornton Bregazzi, denim trousers by J Brand, and double-strap pumps by Prada.       Newspaper vest by Alex Mullins, Sleeveless sweater by Kenzo, Jeans by G-Star RAW, and Belt by MM6 Maison Margiela.       Denim dress with frayed edges by Marques’Almeida and Boots by Dr. Martens. denim top with frayed edges and jeans with belt and leg opening by Marques’Almeida, Boots by Dr. Martens, and Knee high socks by Falke.       Dress and Crop top by Alessandra Rich and Cuff by Cornelia Webb. Dress by Sportmax and Denim jeans by American Apparel.                 Casting Director: Elodie Yasmina Dermouche-Yelmani for Creartv.com. 
 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                                                 
 Edited by Rose Forde. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                             Edited by Rose Forde. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                From left to right: Angelica wears ‘Hug’ denim jacket by Ström, Jeans by US Jeans Co., ‘My Calvins’ bra by Calvin Klein, and ‘Match Lo - Basic Sport’ canvas sneakers by Puma. Joe wears Jean shirt by AG, Jeans by Joe’s Jeans, and ‘Pelotas’ leather sneakers by Camper. Elle wears denim shorts (as top) by Siwy, ‘the sadie’ denim shorts by AG, ‘Sk8- Hi’ canvas lace-up high top sneakers by Vans,  and Watch by Shinola. Ramiro wears denim shorts by J Brand, briefs by Calvin Klein underwear, ‘Skytop IV’ leather high top sneakers by Supra, and Watch by Swatch. Annette wears ‘Loop’ denim top by Ström, denim shorts by Siwy, and ‘Original Chelsea’ rubber boots by Hunter. Franco wears Chambray shirt by Joe’s Jeans, ‘Sartor Slouchy Skinny’ jeans by Hudson jeans, and ‘Chuck Taylor All Star’ canvas high top sneakers by Converse. Rope made from: Kohzo, Talley, Siwy, Joe’s Jeans, Ström, US Jeans Co., J brand, Paige Denim, IRO, AG, and Hudson Jeans. Groomer: Amber Kerns for OpusBeauty.com. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Perverze is the burgeoning Tokyo-based, avant-garde street label taking off in global proportions. The brand is comprised of an on-going collaboration between creative visionaries in Japan, and founded on the retro styles of the 80s and 90s counterculture. Despite the decline of fashion retailers in recent years, Perverze is one of Japan's fastest-growing fashion startups. From shredded knits to tailored coats and bucket hats, the brand champions it's vintage aesthetic with modern functionality.  With recent media frenzy, Perverze has teamed up with Assembly NY to launch it's official U.S. presence. Starting November 15th, the Fall/Winter 2019 collection will be on display in New York's Lower East Side for a month-long showcase. Although this pop-up will be brief, Perverze has no plans to slow down any time soon. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On a mid-fall afternoon, Graham Tyler and I sat down at the High Line Hotel. Surrounded by its collegiate gothic-style architecture and mid-19th-century mementos, we reflect on the time ambiguousness of it— much like his work. Once a student of sculpture and millinery, Tyler found his craft somewhere between bespoke and ready-to-wear, although, he’s not the typical trend-leaning, Instagram-hype designer we’ve become accustomed to. Rather, he’s more introspective, and frankly, unparalleled in his skill. Blending Renaissance, Edwardian, and Victorian silhouettes, Graham modernizes each garment reference through a contemporary lens. In conversation, we spoke of his interests, inspirations, and career from past to present.  How did you decide to study sculpture at Cleveland Institute of Art, and how did that lead you to your millinery apprenticeship with Marta Glazen? I started with painting, and my work was about the body. When it came to actually choosing my major, I ended up going with sculpture because I was more interested in tactile 3d works at the time. And again, I was making a lot of things about the body. From there, I realized I really wanted to learn a craft and wanted to have a skill— a real solid craft skill set. I was looking around at what would be of interest to me, and then I became kind of obsessive about really fascinating textiles. So just in happenstance, I found a woman in Cleveland that was taking an apprentice. Her name was Marta, and she took me in very kindly, and it was very intense; it was about two years with her. Two years, for five, maybe six days a week. I learned a lot from her. She's worked with everybody, and she was wonderful.  How did you decide to switch from sculpture to hats to ready to wear? I was making headwear for a lot of different people in New York, from stylists to runway to a lot of nightlife personalities. People would constantly ask me, "Can you make a garment to go with the hats that your making?" So I thought that I probably should learn how to make clothes. I was making a lot of clothing and headwear. Then, some of the designers that I was working with for their own lines  said, "Just start your own thing."  You went on to make custom headwear for Lady Gaga, Barneys NY, Adam Selman, and Polo Ralph Lauren, to name a few. What were those experiences like? Ralph Lauren for Polo was a full-time day job, and I was doing headwear. That was a really great experience of learning the ins and outs of a brand and how a brand functions at that scale. It's especially nice to work at a brand with such a specific aesthetic. When it comes to celebrities, I work with a few different stylists and such. I largely work with Zaldy, who is a big costume designer. He used to be the designer for LAMB for Gwen Stefani. I worked with him, and it's a really great relationship because he can transfer the information and the aesthetic that they're looking for quite easily. Celebrity work can be tricky because we both come to the table with totally different aesthetics. So I try to translate their thoughts and their words through my hand, which can be kind of a tedious process. It's a lot of give and take on that, but in the end, it's fun. Speaking of costume design— have you ever considered crossing over into that category? I mean, I now understand why Christian Lacroix decided to be a costume designer. Because there's a lot more freedom in that— I don't think I would, because I don't feel that my clothes and the topics that I'm discussing in my work translate well on stage, so I probably would never become a costume designer. None of my clothes have any historical accuracy. I'm usually re-cutting a historical garment into something totally different, or I cut a jacket as a shirt, and I cut a corset as a jacket. I kind of am shifting and re-translating and re-curating things. Your silhouettes are a modern and original take on historical fashion with an emphasis on curved seams, leg of mutton sleeves, corsets, suit vests, and so on. What era's in fashion do you find most influential to you? And do you see a resurgence in antiquated-style clothing? I think the world is consistently reflexive. I think that that is relevant to me. I do see a resurgence in— at least currently, there's a lot of Victorian and Edwardian references transpiring. Especially with puffed sleeves, these are quite popular at the moment. The most recent collection was largely about Mary Shelley and her husband and the Pforzheimer collection at the New York Public Library, which focuses on 1819 to 1845. I mainly stuck to that time period as to the corsets, jackets, and shirts that I was cutting— I was referencing those styles. My work blends Renaissance, Edwardian, Victorian, and some extremely contemporary styles of cutting so that things never feel historical, and they never feel contemporary. They always feel like this very time ambiguous work, which I think is a new way of making clothes — to be very time ambiguous about the way that you're working. Overarchingly, people describe my work as being very Amish. I definitely take that as a compliment, just because I think I cut very graphic shapes, but with very tactile textiles and very hand ROT textiles- and that's kind of an Amish practice. The wonderful thing about Amish is that they look the same today as they did, and they do still.  Speaking of your SS20 collection, "The Origin of Failure," what's the meaning behind this title? It's a long, drawn-out situation. Though the collection was about the Pforzheimer collection and Mary Shelley and her husband, it also was in tandem with trying to figure out what contemporarily is a Romantics approach to making things. I was really inspired by glitch art — also, the act of being romantic about pixelated data. A lot of the prints were all glitched out. I was glitching the images with the love letters. I was typing the love letters into the code of the photos and glitching them through that by putting too much data into the back end. So the long drawn out part of it is that there's only one real piece of critical academic writing about the glitch art that's called The Aesthetics of Post-Digital Objects, I believe. It refers to a glitch as the origin of failure. I was really fascinated by that term. Also, it's terminology as linked to Mary Shelley's obsession with failure in her book and most of her literature, but especially in Frankenstein. What were some of your other points of inspiration for the collection?  I was looking at one specific love letter, which is dated August 23rd — my birthday, that Mary Shelley's husband sent to her. Then when he passed away, she rewrote it, and the rewritten version is at the library. That was the main graphic, and then I referenced for the styles that I was cutting a few original Parisian fashion magazines from the early 1800s, these little women's books. Then a diary-slash-entertainment book that a woman named Anne Wagner kept, and I created a dress using her entire book that I reprint. That dress now will be in the permanent collection of the Phorzheimer. They have bought it, and it'll be the only piece of contemporary clothing that exists in their archive, which is really wonderful. Those are the main things that I was focusing on visually.  Do you have a favorite piece from this collection? The jacquard triptych. The three-piece suit that had their love letters and embroidered into it was my favorite look. That garment is made with this new technology that I'm working on with a computer weaving company in California to be able to create jacquard garments with no wastage. That's how the Mary Shelley corset was also created. They normally create a lot of wastage to make that work.  Art plays an innate influence in your work. Do you prefer antiquity or modern art? It's a big mix in between. I don't think there's an art style that I don't like for the most part, but I'm not a big Surrealist fan. There are a few artists that I'm always thinking about, but I only look at historical art when it's when it pertains to a specific topic. I know the Smithsonian Institution in DC was an important gallery to you growing up. What's your favorite museum today? As a child, we went to that museum almost every summer in DC. There's a Vermeer room that was important to me, and the room about Alexander Calder in the Modern was significant for me as a kid. The feeling of uncanniness inspired me in his work. I recently went to the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum. That was probably the most fantastic art experience I've had because it's really beautiful to experience art of that nature and of that caliber on non-white institutional walls. What are some of your favorite art movements and painters? My favorite artist is Joseph Cornell, who created these incredible little boxes filled with objects. He dealt with melancholy, nostalgia, and love in the same way that I do. I have a soft spot for miniatures and small works of art. I am more inspired by the underpaintings of paintings than I am of the paintings themselves. The color palettes from my work are based on Versailles' underpaintings, which are black and white paintings that they do before they do the painting on top. Any of the artists in the Baroque time period did that a lot. I look at Baroque paintings and Baroque unfinished works of art quite often. I also look at Jasper Johns work a lot. Currently, there's an artist Jefferson Hayman. He's a photographer, and he does these really beautiful little photographs that are my current obsession. Your last two collections have focused on the use of muted colors. Why are you more drawn to grays and blacks, and do you plan on reintroducing color in future collections? I'm partially color blind, and managing all of those colors was very hard for me. I realized I was in a very different place at that point in time. The short answer is no; I won't be going back to color. I consider those first two collections iterations of me attempting to figure out what I wanted to make. Then the most recent collections are me telling the world what I am making and what I am planning to continue to make. Gray, black and white will always be the base, and I will softly incorporate beiges and taupes and rusts, and some kind of soft lilacs. Everything else will stay rooted in those colors. I also like that you could, in theory, take any piece from those collections and moving forward be able to put them together because colors will always match up. I think that's important for the people who look at the clothes and also wear them. How do you achieve your impeccable tailoring? What's your trial and error process like while developing silhouettes each collection? My suits are sewn by hand. They are quite meticulously sewn, and I make all of the patterns and samples.  I keep everything really structured, largely just because I'm drawn to those really aesthetic lines. It was more so a very long learning curve to have to teach myself how to sew a suit like that. I was looking at a lot of old designer suits who made stunning haute couture suits. That's where I learned how to make the ones that I make now. So what's next?  I'm launching e-commerce in the next month or so with some of our core styles and shapes. I am really focusing on the dress shirts. That's kind of everyone's favorite item from us. I'm currently in the Elaine Gold Launch Pad program, so lots of things to come through the CFDA and the EGLP. Then I am already starting the textile development process. The process is very long, and we create entirely new textiles every season, almost every textile is exclusive to the brand. I'm in the process of ideation and also agreements between what collection I'm going to be allowed to use next. There's a lot of logistical things with these collections, so I'm working on what collection I'll be using next. Clothing: Graham Tyler ‘The Origin of Failure’ Produced and Directed by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: Jack Belli Styled by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Mia Varrone Model: Inga Dezhina at Supreme Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Veronica Vilim, Luka Sabbat. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Frida Aasen, Laquan Smith, Daniela Braga, Robin Holzken. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Lion Babe. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Beau Jangless. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  LaQuan Smith. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Aamito Lagum. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA Photo by Avi Gill Last Thursday, New York designer LaQuan Smith and cherub denim brand, Jordache, celebrated its capsule collection at Cipriani's private club, Socialista. Elsa Hosk, Luka Sabbat, Danielle Herrington, and Elisa Johnson, to name a few, sported their Jordache x LaQuan Smith looks as they wined, dined, and grooved to an impromptu performance by Lion Babe. The collaboration, displayed in Smith's Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, is inspired by the NYC nightlife, offering a fresh and reinterpreted version of Jordache's playful denim silhouettes. To view the full collection debuted in LaQuan Smith SS20 click here. Photo by Avi Gill Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Kelcie Schofield is the founder and designer of the contemporary clothing label, CIE Denim. Conceived in 2018, Kelcie fills a gap in her industry by reusing and reworking pre-existing denim as well as solidifying a new and less toxic manufacturing process. Whether it’s restructured silhouettes, deadstock materials, or Naveena Mills’ cutting edge Horizon fabric, CIE represents the future of manufactured denim in our increasingly destructive global climate.  In addition to responsible garments, Kelcie melds this effort with creative design applications— each piece one of a kind. With flipped pockets on the ankle hem, an upside-down jean fit, and color-blocked seams, each design reflects a unique twist on traditional denim norms. Post Spring/ Summer 2020 presentation, Flaunt spoke with Schofield to discuss the past, present, and future of CIE Denim. Tell us about the inception of CIE. CIE was started from our two core silhouettes - our upside-down jeans and shorts. I wanted to create an item that made heads turn (literally) but could also be worn day to day. How do you aim to be a new and unique voice in the industry of denim? Every piece we come out with should have something that gives it an extra spark. We’re here to make unique investment pieces that you feel good about buying.  How do you view sustainability as an essential component of the current fashion climate? That’s exactly how I view it - an essential component. Sustainability, for me, is a non-negotiable for any new business to find success in the current climate. Since I launched CIE in 2018, there has been a noticeable change in the industry and how customers view their clothing.  What are your efforts in regards to sustainability? Explain your “slow-fashion” philosophy. I have two sustainable mediums I work with right now. The first and the essence of what built CIE is reworked vintage. Even for our knits, we reworked Hanes T-shirts. Using fully recycled materials creates an exciting challenge for each style that I enjoy working through. For the sustainably manufactured denim that we source through Naveena Mills, we do fully “new” jeans made entirely from the Naveena fabric as well as combining the new fabric with vintage materials.  How do you believe denim will evolve in years to come? I think sustainability will continue to be a driving force in the denim industry. My hope is that companies established and emerging will embrace responsible practices. It’s slowly transitioning, but it’s not quite there yet.  What’s next for CIE? More learning and growing! We plan to push the brand into unexplored territories, whether it’s new materials or new silhouettes.  Clothing: CIE Denim SS20 Photography by: Phoenix Johnson Model: Lyn Hersh Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli. Creative director Wil Beedle hosted an event in honor of AllSaints 25th anniversary.  Accompanied by musical guests such as Flaunt Fave Arsun Sorrenti, the night was a classic celebration at Chateau Marmont’s bungalow 1. Hoards of the coolest kids hung out chain smoking by the pool while a DJ set by Hateboy got the rocking crowd weirding out to some house tracks. The influence soaked crowd included Ariel Beesley, Bec Adams, Ally HilFiger, Amanda Steele, Eddie Mitsou, Gavin Turek, Finneas, Kate Parfet, Kilo Kish, Marta Pozzan, Rainsford, Salem Mitchell, Sara Cummings Zach VIlla, and a host of other Beauts. Photographed by David Vassalli. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The contemporary retail concept, Maiden Name, is the brainchild of Alix Freireich, and David Lê. While the founders met at Vassar College, they reunited to bridge a gap in the interconnected realm of e-commerce. With assistance from Jesse Hudnutt and Susan Lee, the four embark on a journey to reconnect the roots which link fashion and fine art.  Following a seasonal calendar, Maiden Name will organize its collections as an online, and interdisciplinary group show; showcasing exclusive artist collaborations alongside in-house women’s apparel. Like a chest full of curated gold, Maiden Name may hold the key to your future treasures.  In a recent conversation, Flaunt spoke with the founders to discuss the start of this forward-thinking, art formed, and eco-minded community. Tell us about the genesis of your retail concept, Maiden Name. Maiden Name really emerged out of our own sense that we didn't have a place where we loved to shop. It also came out of an acknowledgment that we spend a lot of time shopping and consuming media online, and those activities all seem to take place in the same dead, zombified e-comm context. So when we found ourselves with an opportunity to share work we love, made by people we love, alongside the apparel we make, it felt like there was an opening to use e-comm differently. We call ourselves "Maiden Name" because we want to highlight the people and stories (the "maiden names") that usually get erased when things enter the public sphere. And we wanted to keep this feminist gesture, insisting on a kind of independence, even as we credited those that came before us. Tihngs by Eric Oglander Photo by David Behl What are your thoughts on the link between fine art and fashion? We think about this a lot, in part because we need to protect the fine artists we work with, and an association with fashion can make their work seem trivial. That's just a fact, even though, by and large, we think it's bunk. We think of artist/designers like Sonia Delaunay, or photographers like Grete Stern and Ilse Bing, who all straddled the worlds of art and fashion and did great work (a full century before Sterling Ruby and Cindy Sherman!). That's why we highlight them on our Instagram @maiden.name.store. But we do recognize the need to let art and fashion excel on their own terms. We want to produce fashion that's technically perfect, that's beautiful. Our objects are freer, in some ways, to be about other things––they can be "about" history; they can be weird, or conceptual. What unifies everything is our sense of our customer's needs––they want beautiful, thoughtful, well-made clothes, and they want to collect beautiful, thoughtful, and well-made objects. What influenced the first womenswear collection? The collection draws on Alix's archival research, so it brings together 19th-century reference pieces and touches of the 1970s, modernized and rendered in high-quality materials. The Zoe Shirt, for example, is modeled on an Edwardian grandfather shirt that was still in great condition because it was made in silk. Ours is silk too, and we hope it also lasts a century. We describe the core concept as "70s Renaissance Fair," which sounds odd, but the end products are all meant to be totally wearable and versatile. We want them to be sexy and smart. And it felt like that was missing from what's out there now.   How does sustainability play a part in your collections? Sustainability is core to what we're trying to achieve. We make everything here in NYC, so it's a local supply chain. We use deadstock material, and because our production runs are so small, the wastage is minimal. More broadly, we need to slow consumption down (which is an odd thing for a fashion company to acknowledge). But we want customers to buy less and buy better. Our next step is to scale up in ways that will allow us to ensure sustainability from raw materials to end product. That's a challenge, particularly when you're small. You feature collaborative work with Paul Arnhold’s hand-blown glass and Eric Oglander’s collection of 19th and 20th-century folk art. What prompted the choice of these artists for your first collection?  Paul is a dear friend making very beautiful work here in Brooklyn. That was a no-brainer. We found Eric through his "Craigslist Mirrors" project (@craigslist_mirrors) his Instagram-based collection of images, sourced from Craigslist, of mirrors for sale. We thought that was brilliant. And his Tihngs project is too. Both Eric and Paul have such distinct points of view (and are making work that is almost diametrically opposed, formally). So they seemed like great partners to open the collection with. Indigo Vase by Paul Arnhold Photo by David Behl What are your favorite pieces from your inaugural collection? We love the Tamara Top. It almost verges into historical costume, but doesn't, and ends up being so cool. We also love the Tramp Box, which is sculptural, and modern, and old at the same time, and the Graffiti Vase, which is kind of a twisted take on Paul's other work. And we love the framed set of Leung Kui Ting prints––they look simple, but the more time you spend with them, the more you like them. That's always the real test when you collect.  How do you envision the growth of Maiden Name? I think first and foremost we want Maiden Name to build out the line beyond shirting. We also want to have more of a physical presence. It's hard to communicate something like the perfect fit, or the beauty of hand painting without having people see things in the real world. At the same time, we want to expand our digital presence and knit together a community, folding in our friends in Berlin (at the end of 2019) and then with more cities in 2020. Photography by: Matt Grubb Styling by: Gabriel Held Model: Fiffany Luu Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   While the fashion industry is backed by an insatiable appetite for the new, we find ourselves in a current climate of trying to stay well-fed, while simultaneously reminding ourselves the importance of sustainability. These three young designers have found a way to bring forth something innovative, while also holding themselves accountable. We have Bethany Williams, conceptualizing clothing with a focus on social issues, Christopher John Rogers, designing for those influencing radical change, and Emily Adams Bode, sourcing from the past to create something for the now. Interviewed by Mui-Hai Chu Photo courtesy Bethany Williams What drew to design? My love for fabric construction, and how design can be used to find solutions. I read your mom help knit and create pieces for you. Was she ever in fashion as well? She used to be a pattern cutter for factory in Liverpool,  and now she does soft furnishings and she also does my netting as well. Obviously your family is really important to you. You grew up in Liverpool?  I was born in Liverpool but then I grew up on the Isle of Man. It’s such a small tight-knit community. Loads of things are locally produced and there weren’t many main stores growing up. How do you describe your design process? It always starts with an issue I am trying to solve and then we work with a charity that tries to talk about that issue. What issues are you looking forward to promoting? I think for the next collection I’m working with a charity that makes temporary housing for women and children. Who would you say are your inspiration or muses? I love other designers like Walter Van Beirendonck I’ve been a massive fan girl for a while. Do you have any type of life inspiration outside of fashion? I do like artists like Egon Schiele. I really love his work. My inspiration is probably my family.  What do you think are the bigger challenges you face trying to be sustainable? I think sourcing is a massive one, as is pricing, and having things available. How do you decide to up-cycle a piece? How does the process come about?  It kind of depends on the project we’re doing. We will be doing the collection and there are staples that we always upcycle. I’m trying to introduce more and more. Where do you hope to see yourself in the next five years? I would like to start my own social manufacturing project in the UK. Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy  Christopher John Rogers To start at the beginning, what drew you to design?  Anime, manga, and cartoons—especially people with special powers. The ability for clothing to help people self-actualize and to give them a newfound confidence. You grew up in Louisiana. What effect, if any, did growing up in the south have on your creative evolution?   A real sense of polish and refinement is found in the South – especially in the Black Church. Spending time with my mother and grandmother in church helped me curate an eye for the finish and cut of clothing and has been an inspiration for me ever since. How would you describe your design process?  I'd describe it as visceral. Although I try to be strategic, I'm ultimately extremely influenced by my intuition, emotion, and heavily inspired by color. As a recent graduate, what is the best advice you've received from your mentors at SCAD?  Work hard and stay true to yourself. There are always people that might be more talented or more privileged than you, but hard work and humility know no bounds.  Where do you find inspiration? Everywhere! Debris on the side of the street, mid-century couture, things my friends are wearing, et You've dressed people from Cardi B to Michelle Obama. Having worked with so many influential figures, is there a lasting moment with one that stands out to you the most?  To work with a woman that's equally revered for her intellect and passion, as well as her individualistic sense of style, is definitely a highlight. My family was also extremely proud of me, so that's a plus! Where do you see the fashion industry headed in the next 5 years?  A sense of increased accountability and transparency that's come with the proliferation of social media. I think we're going to see a complete upheaval of the traditional ways of showing and interacting with fashion. Tell us about your fall collection.  Stonehenge, quinceañeras, and Dr. Seuss. What's next?  Everything! We're working on our Spring 2020 collection and are also finalists for the CFDA Vogue Fashion Fund, so we're working our tails off! Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Where are you from, and how has that made an impression on you creatively? I’m from Atlanta. My parents were from Massachusetts, so I spent a lot of time in Cape Cod. I have this juxtaposition of New England and the South. The effect Atlanta had on me was not only the southern hospitality, but a lot about celebrating craft and culture. Tell us about the moment you knew you wanted to become a designer.   In high school, I was taking extracurricular art classes, like how to draw, technical fashion. I also took a croquis drawing class, and it must’ve been junior year that I knew that I wanted to be a designer as a career choice. I went to Parsons for menswear design and I went to Eugene Lang for philosophy. In what ways does the study of philosophy and your interest in fashion design connect? I think it’s primarily the way that I come up with a narrative for the season, and what sorts of questions in culture—my culture, other people’s culture and tradition—should be asked and should be addressed. How to talk about the historical narrative around clothing, and dressing. You’re known for re-contextualizing materials in a lot of your garments, many of which are vintage textiles. How did you get into the textile portion of it? Since I was a little kid, I had been interested in buying antiques and all of the historical narratives alongside that. We would go to all of these antique markets in Atlanta, and flea markets in New England, in and around Massachusetts. Why design menswear? I went to school for it, but I’ve always been interested in designing for someone outside of myself. Tell us about your fall collection. That collection was inspired by a narrative around gallerist Todd Alden, who is an ephemera dealer in downtown New York. I worked with him and talked to him about his life, collecting, what sorts of things inspired him to collect, where he lives, history of that location, his family history, how he came to become a curator, and the moment he opened his own gallery. Where abouts do you find inspiration? Following the life of someone and their relationship to objects, the domestic space, and the traditions that have shaped their lifestyle. Do you ever see yourself getting into womenswear? Not right now. We have a bunch of stores that pick it up as women’s, but it is traditionally a menswear brand. In the future maybe we’ll have a different conversation around that. What’s next?  Right now, we’re working on production, but really building out our own manufacturing space. Most of the collections we make in New York is made in our own studio, so building that out is the next step.  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Images courtesy Bethany Williams. Images courtesy Christopher John Rogers. Images courtesy Emily Adams Bode.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. A brand that makes style, comfort, and practicability a priority while making sure to evoke confidence, Knorts recently launched a new collection called, Scarlet Knorts. Color is the main factor of enhancing the garments’ attributes. Traditionally, Knorts has used the color blue which represents calmness, coolness, stability, and reliability, which are all components of confidence and is the signature color of their denim wear.  Knorts’ new capsule collection, Scarlet Knorts, incorporates the feelings associated with the color red. This collection aims to evoke strength, warmth, comfort, love, and power into the customers’ everyday life. Befitting to their aim, these characteristics can also support the feeling of confidence. There are future plans to create more color capsules to keep both the brand and wearers in an emotional equilibrium. This launch is partially used to spread awareness about California fires with 10% of proceeds from the Scarlet Knorts collection being donated to fire aid services.  Shop the new collection here    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   As I walk in the flagship Messika store, I’m greeted with smiles, macarons and diamonds. Immediately I felt that I had entered a world of femininity and style. The pieces are beautiful and delicate, yet powerful. Messika is an iconic jewelry brand worn by celebrities like  Rhianna, Penelope Cruz, and even Serena Williams during her training session. Valerie Messika, founder of the brand, created the trend of “everyday diamonds.” Much of Valérie’s inspiration comes from art, playing with a Calder sculpture in her father's office, absorbing from his collection various details of line, movement, color, composition, which have shaped her overall sense of form and proportion. I got the opportunity to chat with Valarie and try on some of the most gorgeous pieces of jewelry I’ve ever seen.  Why did you choose LA for your flagship store?  We are a family business so we are very intuitive and organic on how we do our business. We met a partner here in Los Angeles called Westime. They are very strong in the jewelry and watch industry. They work with Richard Mille and Audemars Piguet. They are also strong with red carpets in Hollywood so we decided it would be a good idea to open our first flagship store here. What do you hope the new store will bring to the brand?  I’m so excited because I can smell that the Americans in this area love jewelry. But they want something easy to wear, cool and light. This is the Messika philosophy; bringing a coolness to wearing jewelry that is very fine and delicate.  The workmanship and quality of the diamond is the top, but it’s cool. You can enjoy it and wear it everyday or on a big occasion. You can mix it with a casual or sophisticated style.  What was it like having Kate Moss as a muse? The moment I launched my brand 15 years ago I knew she was my muse and inspiration. She's really iconic for me. She embodies femininity, fashion and style. When I launched my brand and the philosophy I wanted to break the traditional code of jewelry. It was made for big occasions, but I wanted to make it apart of fashion and style. That’s why women like Kate Moss are so strong for me.   How would you explain the woman in the street wearing Messika?  The strength of Messika is that the women wearing it range from 18 to 70 years old. I love when I see different types of women wearing it with different styles. It’s not that we are putting a logo on the woman. We can see the personality and the style they embody with the pieces. It’s not about how rich or strong you are. It’s about the feeling and attitude that you have with your own style. It gives you self-confidence.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On Wednesday we celebrated Benetton’s new pop up shop in Santa Monica with prosecco and polaroids. Benetton Group is one of the best-known fashion companies in the world with a network of about 5,000 stores and a headquarters in Ponzano Veneto. The brand is known for its bright colors, the revolution of the retail outlet, and their unique sales network.  The new collections embody both the old and the new, featuring an exciting fusion of its classic colorful style with its newer streetwear-inspired elements. The artistic direction of Jean-Charles de Castelbajac, who is known for his iconic teddy bear coat worn by Madonna and portraits of Andy Warhol, shines through the recent collections. He recently united with the Benetton Group earlier this year, which was announced at Milan Fashion Week. He announced backstage that “The DNA of Benetton and mine have many similarities…this meeting between us is happening at the right moment, too, because this idea that desirable things can be of good quality and be affordable to many people is very interesting now…Benetton has been sleeping a little bit. But it has all this sleeping potential. And its base is very strong.”  Bring some color into your life and visit the pop up open from October 25 through November 24th!  Santa Monica Place Floor 1  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Courtesy Hublot With Halloween around the corner, Hublot stirred the cauldron to create a sapphire and emerald green Big Bang MP-11 watch. To give it its unique shade of green (not quite emerald and not quite sapphire), they used a material that has never been used in a watchcase. The material is called SAXEM, which is short for sapphire aluminum oxide and rare earth material. It is a mixture of aluminum oxide (the basic component of sapphire) with rare-earth elements like thulium and holmium.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   KAIMIN is the raising utopian brand initiating the posterity of attire. With a foundation of innovation and inclusivity, the namesake designer may well be sent from the future— sent back a couple of hundred years to propel the industry forward. Harnessing the power of the digital space, and the resourcefulness of sustainability, KAIMIN crafts intergalactic garments with a cunning dose of raunchiness. In a recent interview, Flaunt spoke with the avant-garde designer to discuss the evolution of the label, cyberspace, and the forecast of tech-induced fashion.  Tell us about the creation of the brand with your business partner Dmitri Pchelintsev. My initial foray into clothing design came in 2014 with the Zero Zero Vol. 02 project – a multi-sensory, high-tech video popup exhibition with an installation by Snarkitecture, which I was the protagonist of and also directed alongside stylist Nicola Formichetti and photographer Miles Aldridge. We had the honor of presenting the Vol. 02 book at my beloved Paris store, Colette. As part of that project, I created a stand-alone clothing capsule for the female character, and a very prominent singer ended up wearing some of my pieces in her music video. I felt compelled to create a full collection, and my very good friend Dmitri, who helped produce that very pivotal Zero Zero project, really believed in me as a designer, so we formed the KAIMIN label together in 2016. Dmitri is a creative marketer and business operator who happens to have a very strong background in finance, having spent many years at some of Wall Street's premier institutions investing in renewables, green-tech, and sustainability. Having helped grow several tech-enabled startups, he now oversees all of KAIMIN's business strategy and operations, while leading our expansion as a digitally-native brand, including the recent launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line.  How have innovation and inclusivity played essential roles in the brand? Innovation and inclusivity go hand-in-hand for me, as tolerance for new and crossover ideas breeds progress. KAIMIN leans heavily on technology in everything we do, and aesthetically we work with all types of creatives, communities, and personalities because anyone can uncover something new and beautiful, irrespective of age, race, and gender.  Besides using innovative materials, production techniques, and data analytics, the brand benefits from social media's global reach and the unprecedented direct access to talent that it affords. The Internet is a boundless creative nursery of young innovators that come from all different realms, including art, fashion, music – we love and fully utilize this cross-functionality. I grew up an outlier in a homogeneous society, so I feel my clothes have to speak to things beyond style and promote ideals that are important to me, including social and economic inclusivity, as I feel everyone deserves a voice. In addition to connecting through unrestrained creativity, I try to make items that are more accessible, including from an economic standpoint, and which still adhere to my design and high-quality philosophy – we launched SLFF KAIMIN exactly for this. What facets of New York's underground scene make appearances in your garments? The New York underground scene has this alluring aura of the forbidden, with sexier and darker undertones and the sense of a risque adventure that is addicting. During our SS20 show, for instance, we contrasted the primarily bright and colorful collection with a very dark and sexy setting, aiming for the set design to evoke a feeling of an underground party with red backlighting and a minimal, heavy electronic soundtrack. NYC subculture is edgy, extremely diverse, and creative and demonstrates some of the greatest social acceptance anywhere in the world, which really allows me to meld it with high fashion in a fun way. I love working with established as well as cool new, up-and-coming artists and personalities that grew up in this environment— I draw a lot of inspiration here for my design, music, lifestyle, and the overall direction for KAIMIN. The digital world is a key influence to the brand, hence your Fall/ Winter 2019 collection, "2081: CYBER-ORDINARY". What were your main inspirations and references for that season? Our Fall/ Winter 2019 collection explored archetypes of future beauty and was heavily influenced by such films as Blade Runner and Ex-Machina, specifically their protagonists – androids and cyborgs. I'm a total believer in the eventual symbiosis of man and machine.  In large part, that collection was about defeating the mundane and exploring and strengthening that which sets one apart, no matter the era. If today's fever pitch around privacy, sexual correctness, censorship, etc. ever leads to a dystopian control of self-expression, I'd want my clothes to declare: "when the extraordinary is outlawed, only the outlaws will be extraordinary." What's your view on cyberspace and it's distraction from the real world? I think we're in uncharted waters, and we won't be able to properly assess how good or bad this "distraction" from the real world is for a while, if ever. The cyber is already the real. There are definitely multiple ways to look at this, and it's certainly also a generational thing— just look at the debate around "screen time" for kids among young parents and scientists and the interesting arguments presented by media proponents, including Gary Vaynerchuk. All I know is that this is the manifestation of human progress, and there's no way back regardless, but to me, the benefits outweigh the potential hazards. We are now superbly equipped for improved communication and increased input – although, where the quality of consumed content, general overexposure, and the "3-second" wars are going is a different question.  For KAIMIN, Elon Musk's Neuralink can't arrive fast enough! What were your conceptions involving the recent Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, "INTROSPECTIVE PRISM"? This season, our main collection shared the runway with the launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line, which celebrates self-confidence and self-expression. The overall creative direction was influenced by the sub-conscience theories of Sigmund Freud and films like Annihilation, aiming to expose inner fears to release suppressed identity and desires— literal empowerment through self-discovery.  The collection explores two distinct notions for evolution of human form – through technology and through biological mutation. From the outside, the driver is mechanical – artificial furthering of self via machine. From the inside, the driver is bio-spiritual-- the natural furthering of self via selective mutation of flesh and mind— a physical metamorphosis through the unrestrained self. This season's motto is: "Introspective Prism – Refract all versions of self, Mutate desire and identity, Evolve in spirit and form." With our current climate reality, how do you plan to focus the brand on a more sustainable level? Being on the cutting edge is important to us to both achieve a futuristic design and to help push progress, validating applications of new technologies. We always keep an eye on the new tech that has shown promise in helping to lower the environmental impact of manufacturing, and we try to do our part by using many recycled, sustainable, and organic materials, including Better Cotton Initiative fabrics in our SLFF KAIMIN denim line. As we grow, we will continue to place greater emphasis on better production practices, safer materials, and less waste. Explain some of the laser cutting, production techniques, and 3-D print experiments that are implemented throughout your garment construction process. KAIMIN utilizes quite a bit of technology for manufacturing, content production, and branding, including 3D printing, laser cutting, digital art, AR/VR, motion tracking, etc. and we always seek to emphasize our future-forward thinking in our designs. For garment construction, we use some techniques because they create unexpected and groundbreaking visual results, while other methods actually make sense from a time and capital-intensity perspective.  We're pushing the brand's tech boundaries with the "Stratasys x KAIMIN" 3D-Print Denim Capsule Collection— the first time ever an industrial-quality 3D geometry is printed directly onto denim. We designed the intricate CGI geometry, multi-depth opacity, and colormap in collaboration with Fitchwork to make the final print. Stratasys are pioneers in the additive manufacturing space and have some of the most advanced 3D printing technology in the industry, accompanied by an inherent desire to experiment and come up with something new and cool. They wish to make everyday life better by bringing 3D printing technology to a greater part of the world faster and disrupting the fashion realm is quite big on the radar of Stratasys global creative director, Naomi Kaempfer— so what better way to help assimilate and democratize the tech for clothing than with one of the most common garments, jeans! How do you envision the future of fashion norms? I'd like to think that the future will bring abundance and innovation not just in the material sense but also in our culture and thinking, where humans will finally reach total equilibrium with nature, and each other— no prejudices— and KAIMIN clothing is but one way to represent this future. Like everything else in our society, fashion will continue to be transformed by technology, faster and more accessible information transfer, and diverse global audiences. This, of course, means a lot will change in fashion's tangible areas, like materials with never-before-imagined physical properties, more efficient production techniques, the continued proliferation of smart garments, and increased expectations of what clothing should do for the body and mind. But, to me, the most interesting changes are already occurring on the more intangible, creative side. People's unprecedented ability to communicate who they are has opened up new frontiers. In only a few years, social media exposed how varied yet similar and interconnected different cultures' tastes are, and how people of all walks of life can become influential by traversing these different planes. Being skilled in multiple areas has become the norm for many young creatives today, and this 'polymathism' affects fashion a lot. There are so many cross-functional innovators out there, and fashion definitely benefits from this, becoming more interesting and multifaceted.  What's next for KAIMIN? KAIMIN's mission is to keep innovating ourselves and keep collaborating with people that push the boundaries across the various artistic disciplines and product segments. We want to be more cross-functional and would love to do more than just fashion, even if it's in a more non-permanent format like seasonal collaborations. I wish to meet and inspire more people and to learn from them so we can all come up with a never-before-seen symbiosis of unlikely fields that not only is cool but also could change lives for the better and bring signature KAIMIN flavor to people in more than one way. With that said, I hope to continue building our artistic community and form a creative confluence platform – a culture nebula for local and global artists – to support innovation. To that end, we have already established an endowment fund some time ago, via our Zero Zero Project initiative, which periodically disperses funds to help finance targeted projects. And in that same vein, KAIMIN presented the SS20 show in collaboration with Studio 525, an iconic exhibition & event space housed in the former Andrea Rosen Art Gallery in Chelsea, as the inaugural project for Studio 525 Art Accelerator, which has a very similar vision to ours and aims to provide a physical place for work and showcases to artists and the creative community in general. Produced by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: : Franco Velastiqui Art Direction by: Delfina Pia Rey Styling by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Kevin Cheah Model: Cassie Priestley at Next Models. Styling assistance by: Sabrina Aguirre and Mila Sanguinetti  Credits: FW19 KAIMIN clothing, and GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI heels. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. MAX MARA dress, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. VERSACE dress, earrings, and rings and AGENT PROVOCATEUR underwear. ETRO dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, B-LOW THE BELT belt, and NANCY NEWBERG earrings. HALPERN dress, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring, and ERINESS ring. MAX MARA sweater and dress, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. PREEN BY THORNTON BREGAZZI dress, B-LOW THE BELT belt and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings. ALESSANDRA RICH dress and necklace and MIU MIU earrings all available at MatchesFashion.com, and NANCY NEWBERG rings. AGENT PROVOCATEUR slip dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace and ring, ALINA ABEGG earrings, and STATE PROPERTY pearl ring. ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER dress and scarf, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings and ring. PALOMO SPAIN jacket available at Please Do Not Enter, LA, ALINA ABEGG ring, and MISHO earring. Photographer: Vince M. Aung.  Model: Inga Dezhina. Stylist: Mui-Hai Chu.  Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co. & Oribe Hair Care at Nest Artists.  Makeup: Natasha Severino using NARS Cosmetics at Forward Artists.  Production, Photo, and Styling Assistant: Corrine Ciani Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Being Sustainably responsible in 2019 now means making some changes with how designers are choosing their resources. The female founders behind 42|54 and long time friends Elodie Ouedraogo and Olivia Borlee are both Belgian Gold metal athletes, and now business partners who strongly believe in that type of fashionably responsible involvement. It took them two a clean 42.54 seconds to win a Silver Medal at the Olympic Games in Beijing 2008. That Silver medal turned into Gold, when the winning team was disqualified due to a failed drug test. It was abundantly clear that dirty athletes have no place in sports. That’s when the Gold medalists decided they wanted to make a change. “Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes!” The contemporary active label launched its first 100% sustainable FW19 capsule collection  made of plastic bottles and recycled ocean waste. They believe that great design should also be sustainable. The brand teamed up with renowned textile companies who propose fabrics made from a fiber called SEAQUAL and NEWLIFE recycled from ocean plastics to create the new high-end "made from waste" active wear line that asserts the modern streetwear appeal.  The founders make a conscious effort to be an honest and transparent brand, by largely working with local manufacturers and suppliers.  Elodie and Olivia’s next steps will also be 100% sustainable using organic yarns working with GOTS (Global Organic Textile Standards) certified factories, hang tags produced with recycled paper along with recycled fabrics developed with fibers using the oceans waste and plastic bottles. They both are devoted to giving a second life to stock and leftover fabrics from previous productions along with biodegradable packaging. The The fashion-forward duo provide advanced functionality while calling themselves a "100% sustainable company in the way we work, produce, and live." Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. What was your biggest fear about starting your own line? We believe there are a lot of similarities between the world of sports and fashion. It is about being fearless,  following the process put in place while listening to your gut feeling at the same time to achieve the absolute best. It is about taking a leap of faith in yourself, your partner and your idea. For us creating an activewear collection that was high-end, transcendent  and made in honest and transparent conditions Felt like a void that needed to be filled within our community. There was a clear vision, which was bring some fun and fashion back into the world of sports without ignoring the functional and technical side of the garments. When we decided to launch 42|54, a reference to our winning time during the 2008 Olympics, we didn't really think about it as we both love a great challenge. We just jumped, head first.  There was a lack of experience. (We had both been guest designers for other brands, but came quickly to the realization that this doesn't even come close to owning and managing a brand.)  With that lack of real experience sometimes came also the fear of not being taken seriously. In the beginning we went probably over prepared into ever meeting we had. Not only out of respect for the person sitting in front of us, but also because we wanted to show that we were serious about entrepreneurship.  That we understood that there are no shortcuts to success Initially we also didn't communicate a lot about our backstory either. We didn't want to be perceived as two women who were the faces of the brand, while having an entire team waiting in the back to do the real and hard work. From the beginning we sourced every fabric, button, zipper, label or elastic band you'll find in our collection. Through (sometimes) expensive mistakes and failure we learned a lot. And today we are an authentic brand and a viable business because of it. Aside from the activewear, what other sustainable efforts are being practiced within your company? 42|54 has always been mindful of how and where we produce. After having represented our country in the best way possible in sports it only seemed logical to carry out the strong identity and values that Belgium has created with 'The Antwerp Six' in the world of fashion. We worked a lot with local suppliers. This put our brand already at a 50% of sustainability, solely based on the business decisions we made from the very beginning. Last year we were able to evolve in our sustainable journey by replacing already locally created fabrics by sustainable ones. We also adapted our online service by working with Repack. Repack is a company that offers reusable bags. For every bag clients return to us after their purchase, they receive a small discount. We on the other hand can recover the packaging for a new customer. Additionally we switched to biodegradable labels, we don't use plastic bottles in the office and work with a cleaning company that only uses natural and biological cleaning products. All the employees who live in Brussels, where we are based, walk or take their bike to work.  What was the moment or person that inspired you to produce your own line? We have always looked up to and been inspired by strong female athletes and more so in the 80's and 90's. These were absolute fun times where athletes didn't only stand out with their extraordinary performances, but also by the way the dressed on the field. Women like Florence Griffith and Jackie Joyner-Kersee wore leotards, belted bodysuits, one-legged  and lace leggings. They highlighted their personalities with exciting, daring activewear.  But of course we don't have to look too far. We are surrounded by strong women. Our mothers, sisters, friends and colleagues. 42I54 is built by women, who work very hard every day to create the best possible collection for women. Our sustainable mission on the other hand comes from a very personal experience.  We initially won a silver medal during the Olympic Games in 2008. Eight years later that silver eventually turned into gold when that winning team was disqualified due to substance abuse discovered during a large series of retesting.  This had a major impact on the on athletes worldwide. And while many of us became strong advocates for clean, drug free sports we are less outspoken when it comes to clothes we wear while performing. We felt this too has to change.  Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes.  Sportswear made in honest conditions and without the environmental strain it has today. We can no longer only applaud recognition and financial gain while wearing our low cost shirts. Because someone, somewhere is suffering because of it. Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Just for fun, what are your zodiac signs? Aries and Pisces What are you wanting to accomplish in 2020 with 42|54? It has always been our goal to become the brand that serves as today’s personal survival-kit and Wonder Woman cape all wrapped into one fashion-forward label for all women. 42|54 is for the young women we help through our 'Athlete Ambassador Program'. By supporting them with well made performance gear, we support their dreams of one day becoming professional athletes. Often big brands want to see results first and will later support in anyway possible. We believe talent need’s to be nurtured when  personal budgets are insignificant or non-existent. Today we are proud to announce that 3 women from our ambassadors program will participate in next year’s Olympic and Paralympic Games. We are most definitely also the go-to brand for women who like to have something that is different. Today many women try and balance a career, family and personal time. Finding an outfit that accommodates that lifestyle can be quite the search. The idea to have a legging that has the advanced functionality you'd expect from activewear, yet the high-end look and feel that makes it chic enough to wear outside the gym is very appealing to a lot of women. A winning combination we can offer to our women as we can pull from our own experience and expertise. On top of the need to be unique or different, women want to be informed on what they are putting both in and on their bodies today. Furthermore we would like to continue to develop our sustainable journey and dress as many great women in the US as we possibly can.  We had the opportunity to visit LA recently and it is inspiring to see how a city has succeeded into merging sports into the everyday life. It embodies the definition of an 'active lifestyle'. What were your childhood ambitions? Elodie: I always wanted to be a hairdresser or own my own cafe. That was until I realized that being a bar owner entails more than just serving great coffee. Olivia: I wanted to be a florist. I think I have always been inspired by beauty and making beautiful things. In what place are you the happiest? Most productive? The school of Sports is a great one to graduate from. Being professional athletes has taught us many life lessons. It teaches you to be independent,  winning, losing and how to persevere. Through our careers as professional athletes we have had the privilege of seeing a part of the world and experiencing different cultures and people. We are very appreciative that to this day we get to travel for work from time to time and see our designs come to life in our factory. Funnily enough, the traveling in the past also taught us the importance of home. And how it remains the happiest place for us. It is also where we get most creative. Before we were able to rent our own office space we used to work out of the kitchen. Today we still come up with the best ideas when we are surrounded by the feeling of familiarity. So thank God for WhatsApp these days. How do you live a sustainable life outside of the company? It is important to stress that we are by no means green warriors or examples of how to live a sustainable life. But we 100% get the message and understand the urge to react today. We all have different battles to fight in life but we are convinced that with little effort we can already make  a big difference. A few changes that we have made:  -no to fast fashion; buying less clothes and smarter -no more plastic bottles and additionally be more mindful of the use of plastic in general -buying fresh and seasonal fruit and vegetables instead of pre-packed food,  -reusing the same bag instead of buying a new one for groceries,  -sort trash -the use of natural cosmetics -leave our cars in the garage if not needed  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Published for the first time and celebrating 50 years since the works were created, ‘DESIRE’ by Lloyd Ziff documents New York City in the late 1960s. Ziff’s work captures a New York teeming with fantasy and rebellion. The book tells a story of cultural resistance through Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe.  ‘DESIRE’ was the first photo shoot that Patti and Robert had together. The two of them were photographed in their Hall Street Space in Brooklyn in 1968 and in Ziff’s small apartment in the heart of Greenwich Village in 1969. The book features 65 previously unpublished works including street photographs, original contact sheets, and notes that form the history around 1960s New York and the lives of these two iconic figures. The intimacy between the two paints a picture of the city at this time, pushing their icon status aside to view the city with a more personal lens. 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff “I myself never felt comfortable doing anything with the pictures. Then in 2009 Patti phoned and asked me for permission to publish two of the Hall Street portraits in JUST KIDS, the first portraits of them together she noted. 41 years had passed. . . Robert and Patti had become legendary. Robert and I had remained friends until he died in 1989, and I had enjoyed commissioning and publishing photographs of his when I was the Design Director of House & Garden, Vanity Fair, and Condé Nast Traveler in the ’80s. Now it’s been 50+ years since I happened to see Robert and Patti crossing the street near their place in Brooklyn. The photographs we shot then are, as are all photographs, documents of a particular moment in time. They have also become documents of a time when two of America’s most important artists were very young, very beautiful, and very ambitious. It amazes me to share those moments from so long ago today.” – Lloyd Ziff, 2019 100 “Strictly Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff, with a “Limited Edition” signed and numbered C-Type print. 500 “Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff. Available now Photos courtesy of Lloyd Ziff and Avenue Communications  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker. HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  FALGUNI SHANE PEACOCK bodysuit, HARDEMAN chaps, BUSTED BRAND gloves, PLANET I sunglasses, and MELODY EHSANI earrings and DALMATA choker. It’s been just over a year since Doja Cat’s “Mooo!” swept the screens of millions across the globe. And unless you’ve been living under a rock, the American singer, rapper and producer begs no further introduction. With that said, in case you have in fact been dwelling beneath stone, then you should know that the future of music is Doja’s for the taking. With her 2018 claim-to-fame music video sitting atop 50M views on YouTube, and her most recent visual release for “Juicy,” featuring Tyga, breaking 20M in two weeks, the musician’s growth is unshakeable, having cemented her place through sweet sonics and visuals that pack a punch. As she so bluntly claims over the phone from her apartment in Los Angeles, “It’s only the beginning. I feel like I really know who I am and what I’m doing with my next project.” The bovine-style music video released last August would eventually flourish into a viral meme. “I didn’t mean for ‘Mooo!’ to get as big as it did,” she admits. “I had more serious music to put out, I’d been working on so much other stuff, but once I put the cow costume on, I had to do it. It was the only way I could get it out of my head,” she explains. Within days of the abrupt upload to YouTube, the video had racked millions of views. The dairy dreamscape was by no means Doja’s introduction to the music industry. In fact, she had been signed to RCA Records since 2014, after the successful release of her debut single, “So High.” From there, she followed up with several tracks, including “Go To Town,” off of her debut studio album in 2018. “Before ‘Mooo!,’ we hadn’t really gotten any viral hits, or had any hits, period. We were doing okay, but things weren’t at their fullest potential. That was the most significant part about ‘Mooo!’ going where it did—it allowed all my other work to have a foundation and have a pull.” Taking a moment to consider the past whirlwind year, she reasons, “Since ‘Mooo!’ blew up, it’s been kind of non-stop. I don’t know if it’s really allowed me to reflect, but I feel like I’ve refined my style and refined who I am. I kind of have to have the spotlight on me.” MATT SARAFA coat and GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses. MATT SARAFA coat, ABODI bodysuit and boots, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and NOÄ earrings. The spotlight she speaks of shines focused and fixed, with no intention of moving elsewhere, but as a consistent subject of such recognition, Doja Cat has experienced two sides to the coin that is internet fame. Since its inception, the Internet has proven an untamable beast, and the environment it has bred has developed twice as feral. Through public domains like Tumblr to TikTok, and YouTube to Twitter, a vast stretch of subcultures and trends have been cultivated. On opposite poles of this digital sphere, there stands viral fame and cancel culture. It’s no secret that the musician has faced multiple controversies regarding comments she’s made online, and it’s even less of a secret that the public is quick to mobilize on social media. After old tweets resurfaced of the artist using derogatory terms towards other rappers, a rallied audience of critics made it its mission to take her down. Admittedly hurt by some of the criticisms, she reasons, “I’m not invincible, I do get hurt by some comments. I’m not superhuman.” Immediately requiting, she follows up with, “But being raised on the Internet gives me the ability to know how to deal with negativity most of the time.” Then, at once in a final stride, she claims of her presence online, “It’s just a small portion of my life.” And just like that, if we’ve learned anything in 2019, it’s that you can’t cancel Doja Cat. HARDEMAN top, thong, and hat, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and DALMATA necklace. Fresh off the release of a new music video with LunchMoney Lewis for “Make That Cake,” while still riding the success of “Juicy,” she’s traveling cross country for performances and appearances on a weekly basis. In the age of virality, such sustainability is impressive. That said, she’s in no way the first artist to have a viral hit catapult their work to an unfamiliar stratosphere of celebrity, and certainly not the last. We’ve seen fellow musical phenoms like Mason Ramsey and Megan Thee Stallion reap the benefits of a trending tweet and hashtag or two. Could it just be that we’re experiencing the dawning of a new age in music? An educated guess would reason, yes. With democratized media-sharing platforms like Spotify and SoundCloud, there’s been an inevitable boom in bedroom pop-stardom. Not only that, but with the increasing irrelevance of labels across younger generations, classification proves less important in not only topics of gender, but music, too. Lines blur across styles nowadays, with artists coloring the outsides more than ever. In attempts to maintain order through categorical standards, we see the term “Alternative” tacked onto the classic genres we’ve come to know. I LOVE PRETTY skirt. I LOVE PRETTY skirt and BUFFALO LONDON shoes. Prompted to describe her forthcoming record, Hot Pink, in three words, she replies with little to no hesitation: “Too. Many. Genres.” Declining a subscription to any one breed of song, the response points to her exploration of sound, a progression of her euphony, and the future of music. “My last record is a lot different from this one because I didn’t understand what it was to be in the studio and in an environment where there’s a bunch of musical equipment,” Doja shares, candidly. “I was young, I was a teenager and I really didn’t know who I was. My character wasn’t really shining the way it does now. I can tell you Hot Pink is one of the best things I’ve done, the best project I will have ever released.” Then, implored to divulge more about the release in detail, she retracts to the previously implemented three-word limit: “Super, duper, mystery.” So while Doja—who won the world over with an onomatopoeia in 2018—makes a favorable case for the future of music today, her own music remains as ambiguous as it does full of promise. Photographed by: Julian Buchan.  Styled by: Katie Qian.  Hair: Frankie Payne using Oribe at Opus Beauty.  Makeup: Jadyn Ngo using Surratt Beauty and Artisbrush.com at The Visionaries. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj Photos by Steven Klein Think metallic, high-end glamour with a neon pink accent. Think barbie doll in outer-space. This iconic FENDI and Nicki Minaj collaboration is the perfect combination of bold yet sophisticated.  Teaming up with Silvia Venturini Fendi, the duo created the next chapter of the FF Series with a line for women’s, men’s and kids: FENDI Prints On. Nicki is known for her body-hugging clothing and most of the line is just that, but she beautifully contrasts it with leisurewear and classy pieces. With the FF logo covering the majority of the print, this line is nothing but eye-catching.  They took staple pieces that everyone needs in their wardrobe and added their own flare to it such as:  tulle dresses, reversible puffer coats, asymmetric body-con dresses, raincoats with leather sleeves, silver tracksuits, bomber jackets with knitted sleeves and metallic windbreakers.  This collection would not be complete without some daring accessories, and that is exactly what they have provided us. They have everything from sequined bags and fanny packs to customized snow boots and wedge trainers. These accessories will take any outfit to the next level.  They went above and beyond and created a collection that embodied Nicki’s personality along with high-end fashion and street style.  The FENDI Prints On capsule collection will be sold in 52 FENDI boutiques worldwide and on fendi.com from October 14th.  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj   Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj                    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   69 shirt, JEAN PAUL KNOTT pants available at Please Do Not Enter, and NIKE shoes.   Brooklyn born and LA based producer and artist, Kingdom, is bringing back is clubby and unique dance music to the industry. With two new EPs, the first one called “EXTERRA, Vol. 1,” on the way and an album coming in 2020, he is back in the realm of dance music, but keeping true to his innovative style.  All the way from the east coast, Kingdom was booked to perform in LA in the early 2000s, which gave him a foot in the door to the west coast’s music scene. From here, he has continued to expand his musical capacity and does not abide by genres or any type of limitation; with experimental taste and a desire to create, he strives to generate music that he loves and that the audience can appreciate/value.  He was kind enough to join me for a phone interview in which I asked many questions, hoping to find out more about him as a person and his career.  I know that Nacho Nava kind of helped bring you to LA, how did he influence you? I was DJing a lot in New York, but he was the first person to put me on a flight and bring me to the west coast to DJ. I think that the influence he really has is that he was putting people on like me who didn’t have any other shows or have a lot of hype or a lot of press or anything like that. He really just believed in the new talent and was always just so generous with that regardless of how well the show did or anything like that. It was really just like he was excited to put people on and it never seemed like it was something he was doing for his own to serve his own interest. It really was something he was doing for the community in LA. Specifically, influential in creating a really special scene on the eastside of LA. I think most people will associate like the gay scene with the west side, West Hollywood scene, which is so specific and there really wasn’t much going on on the eastside maybe a couple bars, but he was the first to create a really vibrant night life scene that involved art and dance and all different kinds of Djs of all different races, but also it wasn’t just a community vibe, it was also like he was bringing really really good music and reall really amazing performers, so it also drew in just from straight people music fans who knew that Mustache would have more edgy stuff, so it wasn’t just creating an alternative it was also just about quality. He had such a good eye for innovative stuff.  FENG CHEN WANG jacket available at Please Do Not Enter and ALLIGATOR JESUS bracelet. What was it like working with Nacho Nava cause I know you guys were working on a Netflix show together. Working with him was always a pleasure. He was always just so sweet so generous and he was just a great figure and really supportive of my label and my parties too. He would always, without me even asking, support a face of mine or event that I was doing that had nothing to do with Mustache. He was always so sweet. More recently, that’s actually kind of why the music video is dedicated to Nacho because basically I met the video director through Nacho. Nacho put us together in a conference call and basically we started talking and they had planned to bring some type of documentary for Netflix about kind of the more alternative more POC side of LA nightlife, specifically gay nightlife and queer nightlife. It was really just in the early stages of talk. We really didn’t get it off the ground, but Shahana, the director, was gonna obviously be on the director’s side and working on the shots and the camera stuff and all that. They wanted me to come in and add music to it, but essentially throw in some different raves and help bring in music so that we could create some events to film because there’s not, sadly there’s not a lot of footage of a lot of the old Mustache parties. They’re relatively undocumented, so that was the idea, but I think when he passed Shahana felt like it didnt’t make sense to pursue it still. It really was Nacho’s project. It was really just a conversation, but even just that concept was inspirational and meeting the director is kind of what spawned us to create the music video together in honor of him.  It seems like Nacho has been really influential to kind of your start here in LA and the music scene, but has he influenced your work at all kind of like maybe the beats you decide to use or the music has he influenced any of it? Since he’s not a musician or DJ himself I wouldn’t say it’s a direct influence on the actual sound. I’d say he’s more of an influence when it comes to throwing parties and bringing people together in the community and just showing people kindness and more of the things I spoke about a moment ago. Just about the social element of music more than the sound exactly, but I know the sound he likes and I think he had an appreciation for the sounds I work with.  MEALS shirt and pants. How does it feel to be in the genre again? It feels really good. I feel like with my last album Tears in the Club I was in a very kind of like atmospheric moody RnB space and ever since that album came out I’ve been doing more vocal production, working with singers, and I worked really hard launching the new singer that signed to Fade to Mind called Semma, so I’ve been really in that zone of creating something for vocalists and when I’m doing that I sometimes put aside exactly the Kingdom sound and I’m trying to create a universe for the singer that gives them a unique identity. It’s just a totally different assignment. It’s a different thing and it’s a different lifestyle too. It’s a lot of hours spent helping singers songwrite and it definitely tested my patience a lot of the time because I’ve spent quite a bit of time with several vocalists making demos for their projects and singers make hundreds of demos to test their project. A lot of time your beat doesn’t get picked or they go in a different direction or sometimes the vocalist is just caught up in other stuff and they don’t even release something. I might have been so in that world, so it was really refreshing to just kind of stop accepting bookings to do vocal sessions and I think it was kind of a reaction to doing all those vocal sessions that made me really want to just get back into my more ravey, clubby, housey references and it’s kind of also where I started. My first release ever, “Mind Reader,” was very kind of hard, weird, dance stuff, so I’m kind of going back and starting from scratch and starting from the beginning again and it just feels really good. I’m just excited to put stuff that’s more high energy and I’m DJing a lot right now, so it’s exciting to just play things that I can blend and just be kind of weird again cause I think working with vocalists it’s a lot more compromises, a lot more catering to them.  Do you have any inspirations for creating music, like are there any other artists that you look towards to or does everything just come from within? There’s definitely artists I look up to. Sometimes I freeze with the question because there’s so many that I have. I would have to say Rod Lee, Terror Danjah, and Darkchild. YOSHIO KUBO jacket and stylist’s own glasses. Would you ever mix different genres together like if you did RnB and dance music? Or is that something that you’ve already ventured into before?   Even though I do make some fully RnB sounding stuff, I kind of think that’s really what I’m known for even though the new stuff is pretty clubby, but I think you can still hear these little shreds of like the vocal stuff, the vocal samples. I think that RnB element is always there. That’s pretty much my mission, either I’m weaving back and forth or I’m weaving them together just kind of RnB sound with the club sound. For the next volume, I’m making another volume of the EXTERRA series and that one’s either gonna have more of the vocal stuff in it and I’m also working on my next album. I’ve got a lot of homework right now. I’m bringing in more vocal stuff as it progresses from my EP to my next album.  In regards to the vocal production, is there anything you look for in an artist when you want them to be on one of your songs? I love weird vocal textures. I just love when someone has a baby voice or has a strange croaky texture or has certain types of node that they like to hit. Just something that sets it apart because there’s so many people that sound so similar. And someone who’s not afraid of intense rhythm cause I think a lot of singers come from the studio wanting a really simple beat or something that sounds like their favorite, you know, Ella Mai song or like H.E.R. song or maybe a Corella song they heard or something, so I think someone who is down to get experimental and doesn’t mind sampling their voice. I’m especially also just addicted to high voices. I love falsetto. I’m known for working with women, which is my favorite working with female vocals. If I’m working with a guy he definitely has to be able to channel his feminine side. I don’t really like to work with men who wanna sing about the macho shit on the mic like I’m way more into men who are singing. you know explore both sides  MEALS jacket and pants. Do you have a certain process of producing or like how do you kind of create your songs? I’ve always been a drummer, so I feel like when I’m on my own making beats I always start with drums and just playing with different drum sounds and I finally, after years of not doing it, started to create my own drum kits and drum packs, so I have my own custom samples that I’m playing around with. When it comes to singers usually they’ll just freestyle over an existing beat. With Sema, the artist I recently signed to my label, she was one of the first people that I really just improvised with and sometimes she would just come in and she would start singing something first, so that’s a totally different process like kind of working in reverse and working from what her voice is doing.  Do you have any stories of the first time you met MikeQ or Ms. Boogie? This new EP I just put out, EXTERRA, Vol. 1, is kind of a throwback to the beginning of my career in many ways. One of them being that I’m returning to dance music and making just like much clubbier, harder material than I’ve made in a long time, but it also actually has two collaborations with artists that I’ve known for I think over a decade. Me and MikeQ and Shane Oliver from Hood by Air were the three Djs who got booked to DJ this artist named Reshaw Newsom. He had a party for one of his art openings. I had actually been a fan of Mike from MySpace and his website for years already and when I finally met him I just completely fanned out and got to play a track. My set was pretty much like MikeQ and Ivana Lore who’s like another ballroom legend. I basically played all super hard underground ballroom voguing music. I don’t think that Mike was expecting that from me necessarily and actually Mike went out on the dance floor and started voguing and he’s not a voguer, he’s a DJ. He rarely ever actually hits the dance floor and vogue. That was back when we Dj’d on CD so that night me and him like traded CDs and he gave me his CDs from his like case logic and I gave him CDs from mine. Ever since then we’ve been in touch and he’s producing music on my label as well, but he’s kind of hard to nail down and get a studio session with, so I’m just really excited to me and him having a track together 10 years later finally. My very first party that I threw on my own in NY was called “Club Vortex” and it was like in the back room of this art space, so it’s not really a venue at all and they didn’t have any security or anything and I think after the first one the word kind of got around cause you know under age kids are always looking for those very few places that they aren’t going to card, so I think word got around that there was this party happening that wasn’t carding and that was super open and fun and a few friends of mine actually showed up with Ms. Boogie at that very first party and me and her hit it off. She kind of got in a little bit of trouble that night. There was kind of like a little bit of a tussle on the dance floor and I think some wigs got pulled, but it was a pretty crazy night and that was before she was even just vocals, so it’s been amazing to see her progress into rapping and making music and I just love what she brings to the track. Saturday Kingdom performs with an Allstar roster including Bae Bae, BrownSkinHazel, Total Freedom and Uniiqu3 get tickets HERE Photographed by Alligator Jesus. Styled by Ally Nikoltchev Produced by: BJ Panda Bear Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. It was a family affair as last night UGG threw a banger to celebrate their now campaign featuring creatives in fashion and music including Slick Woods and son, Paloma and Ama Elsesser, Kim Gordon of Sonic Youth and daughter Coco Gordon Moore, Sasha and Sergio Lane, and Luka and Clark Sabbat. The event was a dazzling event paying homage to the brands California heritage.  The brand drew inspiration from the #UGGLIFE  campaign family-focused narrative highlighting the relationships and the spirit across generations that brings families together along with inspiring and challenging one another DJ’s and eyewear designers Coco & Breezy curated the events soundtrack. Staying on theme with a musical performance by SoCal local indie punk rock duo/brothers The Garden. UGG founded in 1978 by an Australian surfer originated on the coast of California. Renowned for its iconic classic UGG boot boosted by Hollywood celebs, and fashion editors around the world, the brand has extended into apparel and accessories with recent collaborations with the brands like Y/PROJECT and Eckhaus Latta. The evenings launch also featured the new range of buckle boots that also presented an exaggerated sole and a soon to be everywhere thigh grazing boot. After a dinner at the Roosevelt hotel, we caught up with the mama, muse, and all around bad ass Slick Woods to chat about #UGGLIFE.  Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Did you end up going out last night after the dinner at The Roosevelt? I’m a little exhausted but I don’t think I went out, I think went out went on me. How do you feel like UGG has fit into your life as a mother? UGG has been a big part of my life since the last campaign so we have been linking up. Do you feel like having a child has fit into life of the badass fashion creature you’ve always been known for? Yes, of course. I mean getting into motherhood and being an UGG mom has definitely been a big part of my life. You have really empowered the persona of the badass into this new creation, it’s beautiful. Of course, I had to slip into motherhood very unexpectedly. What do you see in the space between comfort and style? Well, comfort and style has always been missed together. I mean my style in very comfortable. Do you think simple comfort can be stylish? Yes, definitely, I am a little bit mixed with Tomb Raider, with a little bit of Kim Possible, and a little bit of, let’s say, Al Pacino. All together – that’s me What is one comfort faux pas you feel can never be chic? Broke shit… I don’t do broke shit. What is one comfort faux pas you feel we need to embrace more? Probably aristocratic shit. Like real rich nigga shit. I wish we did more of that. Yeah do more of that now! Do you see your son as following your footsteps in the modelling world? Hell no. My sons going to be a police officer or a fireman. And I’m gonna let him do that. Your film Goldie got great reviews. Do you see yourself getting more into film? No, the director was trash but my acting was fucking great. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   BUFFALO shoes. Make way for the newest edition to the female power movement, a DJ from Berlin who goes by Martafakka. With a background in Tech House, Funk House, Hip-Hop, RnB, and Afro House, she curates explosive beats that pulsate through the listener’s body causing them to not only feel Martafakka’s energy in her songs, but also having an almost out of body experience. As well, her expertise in mixing different genres creates a new kind of music and allows for a wide range of people to enjoy her work. Beyond her musical genius, she is an avid traveller, inspired learner, and according to her Instagram, is an animal lover as well. Take pleasure in reading the following interview with the creative genius.   BUFFALO shoes. Who would your dream collaboration be with? My favorites would be Dixon, Honey Dijon and Black Coffee What are you currently working on? And how is the process going? My main goal right now is to achieve the knowledge of producing myself. I have my roots in Hip- Hop and RnB and want to learn now more about electronic music especially tech house, funkhouse… I know that you have performed in Berlin, where would you love to perform next? I would love to perform in Ibiza, Amsterdam, London and New York. What is your favorite thing about performing and your fans? The best thing about djing is when you feel that people are getting exactly into your vibe and enjoy the party. What inspires your specific sound? I already traveled a lot in my life and I have been to many clubs where I got a lot of different vibe and music inspiration. What do you want your listeners to feel or take away from your music? The most important thing is LOVE, LOVE, LOVE and of course amazing energy! People should feel good and free while listening to my music. Its all about energy. What does your music creating process look like? I start with collecting my current favourite songs. After that it goes on with the main part; FIND MATCHING SONGS! It is my goal to combine all music genres with each other. There are no boundaries! Its kind of a process of course. Do you have a specific song that means a lot to you? What makes it special to you? It’s “Dirty Diana“ from Michael Jackson since I was a kid. It always hat something mystic about it…Who the f*** is Diana?!  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   REBECCA VALLANCE suit, ANDREA FOHRMAN earrings, and ANNA-KARIN KARLSSON sunglasses. She might not be a household name in America, yet, but Lila Iké has already taken Jamaica’s music scene by storm. Hailing from Manchester, Jamaica, she sharpened her teeth by performing at Jamnesia’s open mic on Saturday nights. The seaside venue (located in Bully Bay, about 20 minutes outside Kingston), has hosted many prominent Jamaican artists including Chronixx, Jah9, NoMaddz, and Protoje. The latter performer, Protoje, happens to be a Grammy nominated artist and his ears perked when he first heard Lila Iké’s music. He signed her as part of his collective, In.Digg.Nation.  Lila’s friendship with Protoje turned out to be the turn her music career needed. The signing thrusted her into the spotlight, where she’s performed alongside him at Jamaica’s Reggae Sumfest (basically it’s the Coachella for the country) with 30,000 heads in attendance then making her NYC debut at BRIC’s Celebrate Brooklyn! Concert. In 2017, Lila dropped her first official track, titled “Biggest Fan.” She wrote the song for her mother, whom she dubbed her “biggest fan.” The song’s release opened the floodgates for her solo career, with several other songs following suit. Earlier this summer, she performed on Protoje’s song “Not Another Word,” which acted as the biggest track she’s been apart of. After premiering on Rolling Stone, “Not Another Word” has graced Spotify playlists “Dancehall Queen,” and “Dancehall Official.”  While Lila Iké might hold the Reggae universe in the palm of her had, she’s not interested in classifying herself as a Reggae artist. She believes her music is more universal than to label inside a single genre. Flaunt spoke with the rising artist about her humble beginnings, treasured inspirations, and the meaning behind the words Lila Iké.  MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit and JIMMY CHOO shoes. I always like to know what influences an artist when they are writing and recording their songs. Who would you say are your musical influences? My favorite singer of all time is Garnett Silk. I love Toni Braxton, I really love Lauren Hill. All great artists in different genres and different types of music. But my all-time favorite is Garnett Silk. Why would they inspire you? Garnett Silk is my all-time favorite because of what he did for the music I don’t think anybody else did it. I feel like his voice, his style, he had a spiritual thing with his voice. Also, the fact that he didn’t get much time to do what I really think he wanted to do. Very powerful and very spiritual. How he was cut down so early almost makes me take up the responsibility, just make sure my music is on that level.  What’s your intention when performing your music? What are you trying to give your listeners with your talents? When I’m performing, I’m basically giving everything. With certain performers, You can identify with what they are saying. , You can see certain movements in their body, you can feel in your presence that music isn’t something they are doing to make some money. So when I’m performing I’m doing what I’m supposed to do, which is give it all Every artist has a different creative process when writing and recording music. What does your look like?  I search for inspiration, I don’t necessarily like writing with a pen and paper. When going through my everyday life, if a thought comes to me, i’ll whip out my phone and record it. Somethings I don’t record all my inspirations, but it comes upon you and for some people, it comes through like mediation or dancing or going different places. For me it’s all of the above. I like having conversations about different things. like learning as much as I can. I like listening to music, going to jam sessions.  ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER coat and boots, HALPERN turtleneck, and MISHO earrings. You’ve released four singles so far. What’s next? Is there an album or an EP on the way? Naturally, but I can’t say when. I am definitely working on new music.  We will keep our ears open! There’s a lot of musical genres, what inspired you to chose reggae? Is there a connection to the genre which drew you to it?  Personally, I don’t really associate myself with any particular genre, I feel like its a conscious thing. Like a work of poetry. I grew up in Jamaica, where there is lots of reggae. But I love reggae, it’s my favorite genre. I love spoken music, jazz, country music, reggaeton. But for me, reggae music is a part of me.  Are you still based in Jamaica? Yes. Rolling Stone premiered “Not Another World,” which features you working with Protoje and Agent Sasco. Are there any more collaborations coming up which you can tell us about? I recently did a song produced by Izzy which was released on the same day, so I haven’t been pushing it that much. That’s the most recent collaboration I’ve worked on but I’m interested in working with a lot of artists. I’d love to do a song with Chronixx and Koffee. These are things I have in my head that hopefully work out.  You recently performed at LA’s Delicious Pizza for their block party. Are there any more US shows coming up on your itinerary? Not right this minute, the next time I’m in America for a show is in Washington. My friend wants to come perform at his venue. Me, Sevana, a new artist called Jaz Elise, and another artist named Apollo. We are apart of their acoustic presentation. That’s the only thing I’m certain about. October 14th. Where did the name Lila Iké come from? What does it mean to you?  Lila, biblically was coined from my original name Alecia Grey. When I was born people would always shorten my name. They’d call me Leekee or Leelee. Once somebody called me Lila and I was very drawn to that name because I felt like a “Lila”. I made a Facebook account and used it as my Facebook name, it was “Lila Music.” And people started calling me Lila. Before I know it, everybody actually thinks my name is Lila.  Iké, I got that name from a friend of mine I met when I moved to Kingston. This guy had a Nigerian background. He grew up in Africa and said Iké is short for Ikechukwu, he told me that it meant “God is powerful” I grew up in a Christian home, my mom always went to church and believing in a higher being was always a crucial part of our everyday life. And I personally believe that there is something more beautiful and powerful than all of us here on Earth.  I wanted to appropriate this energy, which is the purest form of my music. That’s where Lila Iké came from.  It was great talking to you, is there anything you would like to add? I want people to know that it’s okay for them to be themselves, and they should go for whatever they want if they feel it in their hearts. If it brings them joy.   MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit. Photographed by Nolwen Cifuentes. Styled by Mui-Hai Chu. Hair: Darren Hau using Oribe at Opus Beauty. Makeup: Mylah Morales  at Exclusive Artists.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Autumn Hrubý is the founder of knitwear enthusiast and journal, Hesperios. The carefully crafted, sustainable collections express Hrubý’s philosophy of “quality over quantity,” with garments meant to last a lifetime. An extension of the brand is it’s dedication to classic and contemporary art, literature, and travel, which reveals itself in a biannual anthology— distributed internationally through art-and-design book stores, galleries, newsstands, and museums. This month, Hesperios released it’s third edition of the ongoing journal series, marking the celebration of both established and emerging creatives. From artists to chefs to filmmakers and poets, No.3 is packed with visual references, intellectual nuances, and personal anecdotes that will galvanize any and every reader. Flaunt spoke with Hrubý post-Journal No.3 launch to chat all things Hesperios. HESPERIOS founder, Autumn Hrubý. What’s the story behind the name of your line and literary journal, Hesperios, meaning “the evening star”?  My friend Evan Dando started calling me Hess as a nickname, short for Hesperios. At the time, Glenn O’ Brien and I were brainstorming potential names for my company to be. It was a long process, and he had several amusing options, but when I heard Hesperios, everything just clicked.   Of all the interviews in this issue, who surprised you most, and why?  Miranda Brooks interview. I loved discovering that she meditates with her client before each project to bless the land and ask the spirits for help.  “In Japan there is a standard practice to have a land blessing with the client and architect before any construction begins, to make peace with who has been there before, and to suggest where the spirits can safely wait until construction ends. Once construction is complete, they are invited back to bring love and a sense of being to what was created.”  Visually, how has literature and the art world influenced your designs?  Art and literature have influenced our brand in every possible way. I knew I wanted to make the perfect sweater and cardigan with reoccurring artist collaborations and less common color palettes. And of course, we publish art and literary books, which is at the heart of what we do. This has always been the idea behind Hesperios. Sometimes working with an artist on a particular cardigan will influence the range of colors for the collection, but I usually have a well-defined palette from the very beginning. I often have Maria Sibylla Merian’s books around for reference.   As fashion is the second most polluting industry in the world, how does your brand support sustainable practices? I’m glad you asked. This is a long answer, but it is the most important question I am asked. Hesperios has been called a “sustainable brand,” and I’m not sure what that means or if any brand can be truly “sustainable,” but we are trying, every day. I have set very high standards in the way I’d like to run everything. We are a small team, but we all care and want to do things differently and thoughtfully rather than arbitrarily pushing out more product. I think we’ve had a head start as a new company forming good habits in the early stages, rather than having to unravel detrimental ones later on. Even so, it’s a constant process which requires a tremendous amount of time to research alternative materials and more efficient methods of production.  It was always my intention to create a well-made, high-quality product that would last forever and age well. Our collection began with a sweater; designed as something you can keep as an heirloom— quality over quantity. We produce two seasons a year, with limited releases in between, all of which are produced in low quantities, so we aren’t sitting on excessive inventory.   We also recycle our inventory in a way that I’m proud of. In our last three collections, we selected a few styles from our inventory, like our Gayle or Lou knit tank, and combined them with pleating to create our signature Paloma and Lola dresses. Our collection also consists of a core library of year-round knits, which means we can keep these on our website longer because they technically don’t fall out of style. If we have inventory in a color that hasn’t sold as well, we dye it sustainably. Timeless and well-made products retain their value.  All of our wovens are produced locally in New York City. This reduces the waste of packaging and shipping materials. We try to use as much deadstock, antique, and recycled materials as possible. We will never produce leather, and we’ve kept our material options to a minimum. I don’t plan on using cashmere or wool. We plan to use 100% organic cotton by next year, and we’re also in the planning phase of bringing our knit production in-house, so we are in control of all phases of production.   I wish building a company was just about telling stories and making beautiful things, but this is such a small fraction of what is required. There can be a myriad of factors and variables which influence every decision and sometimes can be overwhelming. But we approach everything with thoughtfulness and integrity in mind.  I’ve been a vegetarian for 18 years, and I’ve always been conscious of my environment. When I was 20, I lived on a permaculture and biodynamic farm in San Miguel de Allende, and when I moved back to the states, I viewed our resources differently. I think this experience has informed my life decisions going forward, and I’m constantly reminded of those lessons. I recently sat through the Earthlings documentary and was completely shaken. It takes you through all the industries that rely on animals and how corrupt so many industries are. After watching this, I wanted to begin taking steps to become vegan. I also became overwhelmed with all the lifestyle choices associated with this decision and that if I became vegan, I would want the brand to be as well. Suddenly, becoming vegan was harder than anything I’ve ever thought about doing, especially regarding fashion. Right now, I am gathering the facts so that it isn’t an overwhelming transition. Leather is everywhere. There is no reason when there are plenty of alternative materials to use for a handbag or a shoe. But then, you also have to be knowledgeable about how those materials are made and the waste or toxic threats they could be creating.   Patagonia has been a big inspiration for my colleagues and me. My best friend, Miye McCullough, is our Director of Operations, and she has a background in Conservation, so we are always talking about sustainability. She recommended a book called The Responsible Company by Vincent Stanley and Yvon Chouinard. It has been my ongoing resource for information. I recommend this book to everyone, both personally and professionally. You can learn from their past mistakes as a company, how transparent they are, and what they did to learn and improve not only their production but practices on a global scale. The bottom line is that it takes a community effort to create change. The book is also a reminder that while mistakes are inevitable, what counts is how we solve each problem.  Everyone on our team has a genuine interest in sustainability. We enjoy the research process equally as much as the creative one. I’ve been a member of an innovative design library ever since we started, which gives architects and designers access to sustainable, biodegradable, recyclable, certified organic materials around the world. They have an actual library you can walk through and scan swatch cards; giving you instant access to suppliers who produce bio-leather from pineapple juice.   I don’t want to turn a blind eye to our ecological crisis. If I’m made aware of something that isn’t right, I will go to great lengths to try and correct it and make it better. But I have to remind myself that it cannot happen overnight.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 Drop 1 launching today, October 8th, Zara aims to release their variations on the here to stay khaki and uniform stylized core pieces. For decades in DIY culture, core basics have been used as representation and a source of visual language to identify rebellion and counterculture. These two characteristics are still used as the main sources of inspiration to highlight individual style and remain part of being unbranded in a capitalistic society. As well as being inspired by figures involved in the arts, musicians, actors, artists, and so forth. Zara is taking classic clothing archetypes with this new SRPLS CHPTR 03 line, consisting of outerwear, shirts, pants, and accessories, remixing them with new proportions, cuts, and sews every release to give a new meaning. This will be the 3rd instalment of Zara’s bi-annual SRPLS collection, showcasing men and women collections as in the past, but for the first time a kid’s line will be available. The collection speaks on the military influenced clothes that have become part of the world’s wardrobe vernacular for the past 60 years in popular culture. Made from premium materials, in limited edition with three releases each season. The collection will be available online and in select stores across the US, Spain, Germany, UK, France, Italy, Poland, Japan and China. Photos courtesy of ZARA Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Gucci has begun accepting applications for the North American Changemakers program, which includes its $1.5 million Scholarship Program and its $5 million Impact Fund for nonprofit organizations, and they have brought a collaboration with DRØME Creative Director Satchel Lee to announce it. The grant and scholarship open call announcement invites young people and nonprofits to apply to be Gucci Changemakers.  Earlier this year, Gucci announced its North American Changemakers Program, working in alignment with the company’s vision for garnering a greater social impact and pushing diversity and equity forward within the fashion industry. The film announcing the open call for applications was narrated by Changemakers Council Co-Chair, Poet, and Author Cleo Wade, and allowed for young people to share their own stories. Wade stated, “Change does not happen in theory, it happens in community. We are bringing the Gucci Changemakers initiative to life by bringing not only funds, but also time, energy, and care to communities that have been historically and systemically under resourced and overlooked for too long.” Both of the programs aim to do exactly that. They give to and prioritize historically underrepresented and marginalized communities in order to allow for the advancement of the youth and nonprofit organizations hoping to create broader change, starting within their own communities.  Learn more on applications and eligibility at www.changemakersus.gucci.com. Photos and video courtesy of Gucci Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   GUCCI jacket, pants, and shoes.  BEN SHERMAN top and pants, BRUNO MAGLI boots. The singer-songwriter and actor Chord Overstreet surprised a lot of his fans when, in 2015, he left behind his acting days on Glee to pursue a career in music. The son of Grammy-award-winning country music singer-songwriter Paul Overstreet, Chord had grown up surrounded by music, which he quickly developed an affinity for. Once he formed his own band, Overstreet, the singer was already opening for Demi Lovato and Nick Jonas on their Future Now Tour. After releasing some well-received tracks, the band came along with their first EP earlier this year Man on the Moon, Overstreet is back with the new track “My Ex.“ Flaunt sat down with Chord Overstreet and discussed his relationship with music, songwriting, and his newest single “My Ex”. I wanted to ask you a little bit about your upbringing. You were brought up by a Grammy award-winning father, you have a music-related name—it’s almost as if it was predetermined that you would be involved with music. It was probably my dad’s way of nudging me out the door with a guitar in my hand. I was the third one born into my family, and there’s three notes in a chord, so my dad and mom had names like that for everybody. My sister’s name is Harmony, like a four-part harmony, and a brother named Nash for Nashville, so everyone’s got a wacky name.  How would you say your relationship with music has evolved throughout your childhood up until today?  My relationship with music started out when I was really young and my dad introduced me to Elvis, the Beatles, and James Taylor. The stuff that I responded to was the lyrical content—songs with a story that helped you stepping out of reality, just being in your head and going wherever the music takes you. Lyrics first for me is where I always go, such as James Taylor and Bob Dylan, guys who were really able to paint a world.  Branching out into your own musical career—did you always want to do that, or was it a more recent decision after Glee?  I always did it just because I grew up around it. When I first moved out to LA, I was trying to get the acting thing going, and I had my guitar—it was always there. I never thought about it too much, I just always did it. I would be writing and I would be playing. Everything I got involved in and it worked always coincidentally had music involved, it kept chasing after me. I also always had the desire to do what my dad was doing. When I was probably 17 and playing football—I wanted to play pro football—I got a knee injury and was on Oxycontin on the couch. I was playing video games and my dad was like “Turn that damn game off and write a song!” So I picked up the guitar and couldn’t put it down.   That’s amazing. It’s good that it stuck, because I remember my parents forcing me to learn the piano at a young age, and I would get so bored by it. But then, the love for music sticks with you. It’s interesting because, when you’re a kid and taking music lessons, you don’t necessarily have the drive and determination —although some people do—to push that as a kid and develop those skills. Thank God that parents make kids take lessons because when you’re older, it’s there. I’m really thankful for my mom driving me to guitar lessons. It’s about having the foresight to see that it would be useful someday. Of course, I saw my dad do it, and he obviously taught me a lot about songwriting. My dad said something interesting to me. He had a rough childhood—he came from a broken home—and yet was always very positive in his songwriting, his message was really uplifting. Somebody asked him where his inspiration comes from when he’s writing, and he responded that he always wrote about how he wished his life was, not how it actually was, how he wanted it to be. I thought that was really cool, to be able to twist anything and make a positive message out of it. I’ve learned a lot from him out of my 30 years of studying him. I was really blessed that he put great music in front of me for me to learn from versus some of the stuff that’s pretty bad [laughs].  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. From all of these influences, how is it that you came to the sound you have now? I have a lot of modern influences even just in production, with the sound and current alternative stuff. Finding your niche within that, going back and taking some older retro production vibes and going in some of that—I would say it came from a lot of trial and error, honestly, just throwing a bunch of things at the wall. I was frustrated with not having a sound, so I went back and listened to a lot of Beach Boys stuff, as well as diving into deep tracks of music, while always wanting to make stuff that lasts for a long time. You find inspiration from the best.   You’re getting what inspiration you can from different artists and injecting it into your own style. Exactly. It’s like I really liked the way they presented that sound, how they had fifty different voices way back then, and just finding your own voice within that. A lot of the stuff I love listening to is just stuff that I want to drive to. Then I did a bunch of tours with just me and an acoustic, that singer-songwriter stuff. That’s a different side of me that is there, but after a while you just want to put on a rock show, you want to have fun, you want to express yourself and do crazy shit and not give a fuck about anybody.  GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and talents own ring. That’s actually what I wanted to ask you about next, about your shift from performing solo to having a band. It makes sense that you did it like your father before with the singer-songwriter aspect, and then you wanted to branch out.  That side of it for me is about expressing your emotions. You’ll to be up there, you’re vulnerable, and pouring your soul out. The band stuff and the energy—the crowd has so much to do with it. It’s such a release to be able to express yourself, and be that big, and be that loud, and to do whatever the fuck you wanna do. There’s such a rush in that, and when you go on and perform, you just black out—from the time it starts to the time it ends. Then all of a sudden I’m going, “Wait, is it over? Did that just happen?” It’s almost like its own drug, which you can get out of the singer-songwriter stuff, but that’s a little more therapeutic, and reliving some dark, heavier stuff.  You also have this support network of the rest of your band with you on stage.  Yeah. It’s fun to be able to make music with your friends, to shake out all of your anxiety, and nerves. I’m not a great dancer, so on stage I can just do the weirdest, craziest, stupidest stuff, and not give a fuck. That’s one of the things I like. That’s the only time you’re gonna see me blow off steam. It’s almost like you turn into a different person, which I love. That has a very similar connection with me that acting does. When acting, you get to disappear for a second. GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and KSWISS shoes. I really like that, because there’s also this other side of performing that’s filled with nerves, and you’re always worried about what people will think. But when it’s right for you, you just melt into it.  Once you say, “Fuck it,” and jump off…The first time I started doing live stuff with a band, I was learning my body, and how I move, and how I do things. But then, once you rip the band aid off and learn to not give a shit, to just have fun and move around like nobody’s watching…that’s the best. Once you can take that jump, it’s fun.  Great. I’m wondering, what artists today would you like to collaborate with if you had the opportunity? I would love to collaborate with Sting or, I listened to a lot of Aerosmith growing up they were probably one of my favorite bands. I don’t know what that would sound like, but probably more so the legends. Just to be able to say I did it and pick their brain. To get into their headspace and see what their creative process is like. Yeah, I’d ask a lot of questions like, “Hey, when you wrote ‘Dude (Looks Like a Lady),’ what was the story behind that? I’d probably be the most annoying person sitting next to them, because I would be asking them so many questions. I find that the process of songwriting is so different for everybody that “What inspired this, what inspired this, what inspired this” might open your eyes to all the things around you that you wouldn’t normally pay attention to.  BEN SHERMAN t-shirt, KENZO pants, and BALLY shoes. Going off of that, I want to ask you a similar question about your upcoming single “My Ex.” The songs on your Man on the Moon EP have a lot to do with past relationships and the effect they had on you. How does this single play off that? What inspired this direction that you’re going in? I wrote this song the next day after running into one of my exes. I ran into her at the bar and she was with one of her friends, and I used to hang out with both of them when we were together. I run into this person all the time, and I ran into her, and every time I run into her she’s with her boyfriend. It’s a little odd, because he’s just a little bit odd about it. We’re cool though, I love her to death she’s super sweet. She started flirting with me a little bit, talking and drinking. To make a long story short, we hung out and afterwards I felt like she was making a move on me—not that I would’ve done anything. Then her boyfriend showed up and the whole vibe completely changed. I found all of this really interesting, so the next day when I went into the studio to write, I started working on the track with my buddy, and in thirty minutes I had the song written. The thing I thought was interesting was, what if I actually did go home with my ex-girlfriend and she left her current boyfriend? I just thought that would’ve been an interesting hypothetical situation, because once you had that relationship with somebody, there’s always something that’s underneath a little bit. You’re always wondering “What if it turned out differently?  When you’re young, relationships end for reasons that when you’re older I’m sure they never would. There’s probably a reason and a good reason it did end. I self-examine a lot of my dating life. It’s an easy thing for me to really look at that while I’m writing.  That’s a positive thing—self-examination, looking at how everything went down and how you can change for the future—it’s a very good thing. It’s very much like therapy.  Like self-therapy almost.  It is difficult to analyze yourself without you running through your own protective filter. When something happens in a relationship, people see it from a slanted view where they end up not being as harsh on themselves as they are on the person they’re breaking up with. Being that way with yourself can be tough.  KENZO jacket and pants. Very true. My final question is, you know how people usually get an impression of an artist whenever they listen to their album or a single. I’m wondering, with the debut album you’re releasing next year, is there a specific impression you want people to get of you, whether as a person or as a musician? That’s a good question. My goal for this next batch of songs is—everybody relates to love, loss, things changing. They might not relate to the exact story, but everybody has felt that way, everyone has had that emotion. Being able to really put out emotions that are relatable, that hard stuff that you don’t really want to talk about, or being able to share the good feelings. It’s about being able to emote and give people something they can relate to.  They end up feeling an emotional connection to it. They have a connection to the music. Even if it is specific to my story. That’s probably the main goal.  That’s probably the main unifier between people and music—the ability to connect with an emotion or lyric, anything about it—it’s great.  It could just be a lyric, it could be something that makes you say “I felt that way.” Even Drake with “Why you gotta fight with me at Cheesecake Factory/ You know I love to go there.” That’s funny, and it’s real. I think it’s genius how specific that is, because you can’t make that shit up.  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. It’s specific enough that you can imagine being in a similar situation. Everybody has got into a fight with somebody at a place like that. Cheesecake Factory is just—I think that’s hilarious. Drake does that better than anyone. Great. That’s it on my part, is there anything you wanted to talk about that we haven’t touched on? We talked about the sound, the inspiration…The one thing I also wanted to talk about…just the…I guess we talked about it. Letting people in and getting a good look at who I actually am and what goes on behind the curtains, what grinds my gears I guess. Especially with this new project you’re doing, it’s a new path, and for people to see that and get their impression of you, it’s really important. It’s new for me, but it’s also thirty years of  my experience in self-discovery, and giving people a look into the reality of where I’ve been and where I’ve come from, that’s really important. That’s great. We very much look forward to your new material.  Yeah, I’m constantly writing, so hopefully I’ll get a bunch of new stuff out there.  Photographed by Jonny Marlow at Early Morning Riot. Styled by Brendon Alexander. Grooming: Avian King using Davines at The Rex Agency. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   A woman with a past containing hardships to a future where she can clearly see what she wants, Diana Gordon is back with her new single, “Becoming” which is all about celebrating hard work, being in control, and having her family by her side. She is a multi talented woman who sings, song writes, produces, and is a visual artist. Diana is not afraid to be herself and through her voice and singing, she has been able to have an emotional outlet. Her music is a mix of rhythmic drums, alternative rock, and dark folk, which create a melodic base for her powerful and captivating voice.  Diana has won Grammys in the past for her songwriting and producing work with many prominent artists, including Mark Ronson, Dua Lipa (“Electricity”), Beyonce ("Sorry", "Daddy Lessons", "Don't Hurt Yourself'), and more.  Her 2018 EP Pure was described by Pitchfork as being, “marked by her striking voice and emotional candor.” Diana has an album set to come out next year and will follow the tone of her new single “Becoming.”   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The high desert has remained as popular as it was 40 years ago to getaway to, when your dad was planning a Joshua Tree trip with his buddies and forgot to pack the trail mix, as well as the good suede boston birkenstock’s.  HWY 62 ART TOURS is becoming one of the fastest growing attractions taking place over 3 weekends in October, featuring 150 artists opening their studios to showcase artwork.  Part of the fun derrives from its self-driven aspect, furtherly explained by Art Tours Director, Bill Green: “The best thing about the Art Tours is that you never know what you’ll discover. With over 30 different categories of art, you might see a tile house followed by an abstract painter followed by a sculptor. You get to choose what you want based on your interest. There are so many different artists here with unique studio spaces that you can’t possibly see them all. It’s a big reason why we went to three weekends this year.” This special desert art tour taking place under the stars will take place this month in October over the spand of 3 weeks.  Weekend Oct. 5th & 6th, the 11th & 12th, and lastly the 18th & 19th. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Photo courtesy Nike. This is what we have been waiting for. In Los Angeles, Nike is coming out with limited-edition Air Max 270 React sneakers and fleece hoodies. Not only are they limited-edition, they are specially-designed by three talented L.A. artists: Sage Adams, Jheyda McGarrell, and Gabrielle Richardson. Each artist used their stories to create a this new collection of sneakers and hoodies, incorporating their unique style and flare. Flaunt was fortunate enough to get to chat with the women, see below.  SAGE ADAMS: The NY Transplant “Designed by artist and curator Sage Adams, this Air Max 270 React is a reinvention of the classic white shoe that Adams saw in her childhood. The shoe comes outfitted with a pizza slice charm to nod to the classic comfort from her home-state, a reminder to pay tribute to your roots.” What inspired you to pursue art? For me the lack of representation of marginalized people as popular visual artists really spoke to a gap I wanted to fill. We needed more than Basquiat, we needed to know Carrie Mae Weems, Kara Walker, Henry Taylor! I needed to see more of a spectrum of the stories being told and mediums used.  Do you feel that art has opened up new possibilities for expression for you?  Art In many ways has taken over how I see the world. Before I started breaking things down into shape rather than how they ‘actually look’ was the moment I began to feel like an artist. It’s opened my mind to an array of possibilities otherwise deemed impossible. I didn’t even think I could draw as a kid. What is the process you go through when curating an exhibition? Do you have a specific message in mind? For me it’s getting to know the artist and what made them make the thing and then it’s how do these things come together to tell the story.  What connects the works, what makes them different from other pieces in archive? What medium? What does the architecture of the actual gallery space look like? Creating an authentic representation of an idea or ethos is one of the hardest and most rewarding things there is.   JHEYDA MCGARRELL: The Homegrown Angeleno “L.A. native artist Jheyda McGarrell’s take on the Air Max 270 React is influenced by her Black and Mexican upbringing. Pops of red pay homage to rose bushes grown in the front yard of her childhood home, while gold accents represent the evolving idea of opulence for Black and Brown communities. Topped off with a cherub charm, a reminder to honor traditions and use the lessons of the past to keep it moving forward.” Questions for Jhyeda Mcgarrell: How does your heritage, as an Angeleno of both Black and Mexican decent, reflect onto your artwork? My heritage is reflected in all of my work due to the heavy impact of it in my formation. The contention of growing up experiencing all these different aspects of culture and tradition is an experience many without their stories ever been told. This specific project in my mind has worked to piece together the different aspects of the different culture backgrounds, that our two cultures share. This shoe to me bridges the created tension of an American landscape. It shows the ways we are one and the ways people like me live between these different ideologies and physical spaces. It bridges the weird black kid in the white neighborhood to the dark skinned mixed Mexican kid growing up with Tias smoothing down their curls and gives us space to just be all our different facets without contention.  What was the most rewarding and challenging part of this process? The most rewarding part in this has been seeing the smile on my mom’s face when I told her I was working on a collaboration with Nike. The most challenging but also rewarding part has been working with an entire crew of people to execute an idea which is still relatively new to me. It’s so beautiful to see all these brilliant, different minds working to make something I once imagined.  What do you hope people feel when they wear your shoes/hoodie? Confidence? Individuality?  I hope when they wear the apparel they feel like they are truly reflecting their highest self. I hope they feel comfortable and free. I hope they feel every good emotion that has been out into the making and the lifestyle behind the creation. I hope they feel loved because I know I do from them.  What qualities do you see in yourself that you know you got from your family? Pretty much everything. My family is completely made up of immigrants and all of the qualities I’ve gained from their strength and preservation in a country against them is appreciated. I have learned love and a desire to improve our lives and the lives around us and to honor heritage. I have learned even the qualities they might oppose in me. I have learned to always crave freedom and to always have a strong sense of self among so many other things.  It is so amazing that you get to work with Nike to be a source of inspiration for many people. What has inspired you, and in return, what do you want your work to inspire in others?  Thank you! It is literally such an honor. I’ve been inspired by everyone around me embodying the phrase “existence is resistance”. I’ve been inspired by the black, the brown, the indigenous, the queer, the trans, the fat, the disabled, the people who make up the qualities most worth embodying, utter freedom of expression and true strength. I hope my work inspires people to follow myself and others in moving forward towards freeing themselves and seeing the value in their everyday life, even when it’s boring, even if you hate yourself, like I did once and still do sometimes, I hope they know they are important.  GABRIELLE RICHARDSON: The Passionate Traveler “Neon meets pastel in a technicolor dream in the Air Max 270 React designed by model and multimedia artist Gabrielle Richardson. The colorway exhibits the dichotomy of the modern-day jetsetter — neon being those moments of movement, and pastels representing the comforts of home. Embellished with a ‘Real’ charm, an encouragement to make creative dreams a reality without letting others restrict your point of view.” Questions for Gabby Richardson: Which place that you’ve travelled to been the most influential, or just your favorite and why? I think the most influential place I’ve ever been is in Cape Town, South Africa. It was beautiful to be in a majority black country, but still felt a sense of disillusion being in a country with such an intense racial caste system. I felt so lucky to be in Africa, a continent that felt so connected to my identity but where I had never been. I met so many young talented South African artists in Cape Town who shared their art with me, and it reinforced my drive to do better to create and facilitate spaces for young black kids globally. What do you want people to feel or think when wearing your design? I want people to feel validated, I want to give people hope. I want people to know, in our constant shared state of anxiety that we live in that there is a silver lining. I used the neon colors because they’re utilitarian colors used often in industrial and emergency settings, I offset the abrasive colors with pastels to give it a sense of softness, and a sheer window so people can show off their personality. I think the real chain is self-explanatory, what you do, whatever you want to do, that shits real, that shits valid, don’t let anyone limit you and tell you that your aspirations are fake. What does it mean for you to be a part of Nike’s limited edition collection? It feels crazy! I As a child I never thought it was a possibility for me to work in the creative world and even more of a ludicrous fantasy to be able to have my own shoe. I think it’s a testament that any dream you have can be built. This journey with Nike has been a really formative experience for me as artist, I have never been so affirmed in my artistry. I was able to direct so many aspects of the campaign from the casting, color ways, and insert in the shoe. Being believed in is a magic that I want to pass on. Everything can be real!! What does travel mean to you? Through my time traveling I’ve realized that I learn mostly through experience. Through meeting people and exchanging stories of each other’s lives, I not only gain an objective knowledge but also broaden my emotional intelligence. A willingness to learn doesn't have to only connote traditional practices of learning, an education can be childlike and involves a lot of falling and getting back up. Traveling allows to see me to see the world for the first time always, everything and anything can fill me with wonder.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    WILDFOX clothing.  WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, JF LONDON shoes, ASOS belt, and KRYSIA RENAI necklace.  WILDFOX clothing and DALMATA necklace and ring.  WILDFOX clothing, B JAMES bag, WOLF CIRCUS necklace, and FARRADAS KNITS clips.  WILDFOX t-shirt and CLYDE hat  WILDFOX clothing, ASOS headband, IMAGO-A belt, and MALONE SOULIERS shoes.  WILDFOX clothing and MISCREANTS gloves.   Left to right: WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, VIA SPIGA shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. WILDFOX sunglasses, MALONE SOULIERS shoes, FARRADAS KNITSearrings, I.O. COLLECTIVE ring, and NORA KOGAN ring.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings.  WILDFOX clothing, TIBI belt, LADY GREY earrings, and MARY MACGILL necklace.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. In a city more rife with wantrepreneurs than we care to truly consider, there are origin stories aplenty. Divided this in two, split that up, and presto! Success! Took the family business and scaled it. Had an invention idea come in a dream and now we're shipping ten thousand units. Was in the right place at the right time. Knew a guy who knew a guy and the rest is history. Often rather boring stories. But how often do you hear of success stories that originate in the club? Business is done in clubs, business is celebrated in clubs, but rarely do you witness material success be birthed in the club. Enter saxophonist and entrepreneur Jimmy Sommers, CEO of Wildfox and 100% owner of the lifestyle brand known for its sun-soaked, sexy California attitude. In addition to being Wildfox CEO, Jimmy Sommers is a partner in top shelf tequila, Perfectomundo, with multi-Grammy winning DJ and producer, Paul Oakenfold, and owns a boutique line of beautifully hand-forged eyewear, very appropriately named Sommers.  Wildfox was birthed over a decade ago. While throwing must-attend parties all over the world, and made in LA units flying fast, the company navigated the economic recession and explosion of e-commerce with a big smile on its face. The birth of influencer marketing across Instagram, however, and a glut of fast, cheap fashion brands, have created challenges in recent seasons, and Sommers is continually seeking ways in which to stay true to how his brand was built and scaled, while integrating a modern sensibility for how fashion is currently consumed. Sommers took time on the deck of his Modern home in the Hollywood Hills, to speak on the changes he's witnessed in the apparel industry, as well as Los Angeles, as well as his only-in-Hollywood story of rising to musical prominence, and in so doing, creating a platform for himself with which to meet the world and explore other ventures. In support is a Wildfox Fall '19 editorial, photographed on the azure hills of Malibu late this summer by frequent Flaunt photographer, Shane McCauley. You found your footing in Hollywood with an exceptional saxophone talent right?  Exactly, being good at something was my way in. The saxophone was my in to Hollywood, in to different events, meeting people. It was a tool. I used the sax as a tool. In college I got a scholarship for it. Then I got to take a crack at LA because I had a reason: to become a professional saxophone player. I was very fortunate to have parents that are supportive and together still, which is rare. They’re my backbone.   And what sort of evolutions have you observed in the music industry over time? The music industry is… well, it’s funny because when I came out here there was something called smooth jazz, and there were jazz and smooth jazz stations. I grew up listening to David Sanborn and Marcus Miller and their style was my key influence. I had gigs all the time. But that’s changed and so has my music career. I used to go on tour all the time. So, the radio stations changed their formats and then comes Hip-Hop. When I was out here recording, it was Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg and Tupac and that era, which was cool shit—it still is cool—but now it’s a whole new and different thing.  You actually mentioned you recorded with all manner of artists at the time, like Tupac himself? Well it just happened that Dr. Dre and Tupac’s engineer lived in my house on Sunset. That’s how it came to be. All of the sudden I was exposed to this music, so then I was playing with them… What’s interesting is that when I was out here, I played saxophone at the China Club, and the China Club is where all the musicians came. I played with Prince, I played with the Kal David band. Rick James came to play. I was immersed with all these great musicians. And what was the sort of lightning bolt moment that deepened your involvement? I was a guest at a part of John Paul DeJoria’s house, the guy that started Paul Mitchell. I was at the bar drinking Patrón with Rod Stewart, who I had just met. We got to laughing and I said, “Rod, let’s go play with the band. I’ve got my sax in the car.” I went to get out my sax and next thing we’re on stage with the band. And that’s where JP was like, ‘Wow, you’re great.’ I didn’t have a record deal at the time, but he was like, ‘How can I help you? Come to my office.’ So inspiring. So I end up playing his gatherings where ten thousand people come, all his hairdressers. He puts a package together, about a hundred and fifty thousand CDs, and distributes them at the salons, which was a catapult to me getting a record deal. It was outside the box, and that really helped me stand out from the rest. That’s what he does. He builds people up. All of the sudden, when my record was done, all of the record labels wanted some. That’s when I ended up getting into the record business with Universal. They pushed me because JP believed in me. And what a vision. He actually started Patrón Tequila 29 years ago, sold it for five billion bucks. And what is he doing now? Giving back. He’s doing great things, and he’s always done that. Doesn’t just go buy a yacht or whatever. He’s such a humanitarian. The guy is just too good to be true. WILDFOX clothing And now you’ve launched your own tequila brand, Perfectomundo? My best friend met someone that owned the best distillery in Mexico. He said ‘we have the best blend of Tequila,’ so we decided to make it. We ended up collaborating with Paul Oakenfold to do Perfectomundo tequila, which is the same name as Paul’s label. It seemed like a good fit. It’s nice to have a business with friends that you can enjoy. We started it a couple years ago, and it’s doing great, and God damn you should try it. It’s delicious! Tequila’s growing big time. And ours has been rated in several shows and tastings, it’s won a lot of awards. The problem with these big tequila companies is they can’t make it fast enough. So they pump it through, and it’s not as good anymore. Being a boutique brand, it’s small batches, and extremely good. Has LA changed a lot to you since coming here? Oh man, in so many ways. To start, there was no bottle service. You’d go out, it wasn’t all the phones with the cameras. You’d go out there, you’d talk to people, not everyone was staring at their phones. That’s just in general, not just LA. But it’s not the same as it used to be. It still is beautiful. It’s still got talented people. Beautiful beaches, you know, beautiful hills. I suppose it’s just that technology has changed.   And how did you make the music to fashion transition? Were you inspired by something in general? Being in that circuit, going to Paris, seeing all that, the fashion shows and having friends in the fashion business was major. And what goes on in London, Paris, Milan—it's so different. Music propelled me to go and experience the world and fortunately enough there came an opportunity to get involved in something else. I knew what was going on in fashion, I was going to the trade shows, seeing what people were doing out there. And to put a different spin on something was key. These two girls came and pitched an idea, something different with a t-shirt company. Oversized, different shapes, something completely different. That’s when we first launched Wildfox. And of course it blew up. Was there a key moment in time? A couple girls came to me with an idea. I said as long as it’s the coziest, softest material, I’m down. That’s what I was going for—the best materials with the right washes. But, we couldn’t even get into the majors, because we had just started. One day, a friend, Alessandra Ambrosio, said, ‘Jimmy Sommers, I’ll model for you. I’ll put your clothes on and I’ll take some pictures. But you do it! You take the pictures.’ So when she was in town, I threw the T-Shirts on her. I had never done this before, so I went to Samy’s Camera and said, ‘Give me your best camera.; It was a 5D and I said, ‘Well, what do you do? I’m shooting a Victoria’s Secret model, what do you do?’ And they just go, ‘Yeah right, sir. Just put it in auto.”’ So, I bought the camera for five grand and went and she put on all the shirts. Then Alessandra was like, ‘Well you can’t use these because Victoria’s Secret is going to get mad.’ So, I said, ‘Ok, of course not, I won’t use these.’ Then, at the trade show, I blew up the biggest photo of her, which was overlooking the whole show. People took notice, and the first order I got was a $60,000 order from Kitson. And I go, ‘How did you see us over here? We’re not even in the main show!?’ And of course they said ‘well, we saw that poster of Alessandra.’ Of course, I was in debt, so it was so great. Alessandra was the key thing. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. How would you describe the identity of the Wildfox brand, how it came to be a force? I’d say along the lines of, ‘Oh, that’s the brand with the softest material,’ the funny sayings, ‘celebrities wear it’, that sorta thing. As the current Wildfox CEO, I ensure we make all our clothes in LA, and it’s great stuff that’ll last forever. Quality. Any person that has a shirt since we started is still wearing it—I’m wearing one right now. They’re out there and they’ve got a frickin’ Wildfox—especially in LA and New York and London—they have something of ours in their closet. Now these other brands come, these fast fashion brands that have Internet money, and it’s cheaper clothes. And there’s all this paying people to wear stuff. We never had to do that when I started. And there’s a lot of that now. Yes, and the mimicry scales so fast. There’s a lot of copycat brands, but what can you do? Just be original. When I started as Wildfox CEO, we thought simply: let’s make t-shirts like butter. The softest t-shirts ever. People say that our first shirts are like fine wine. They just keep getting better and better. They don’t fall apart. Now we have to keep evolving and doing other things. From dresses and higher fashion stuff. Everyone still loves a good shirt and sweats and loungewear, but you have to watch where the world is up to. And now we’re all watching each other on little screens? Yes! Instagram wasn’t around when we started. In fact, we were one of the first accounts to get so many followers. Now, everyone’s influenced by it, which is kind of sad, because it can easily get carried away. It’s good to get these people’s support, but you know… these influencers have so much coming to them. If someone likes a brand, they’ll wear it and talk about it. I talk about a lot of things I like. But, like, one post? It’s not sincere. Left to right: CLYDE hat, JF LONDON shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. CLYDE hat, HARDEMAN shoes, stylist’s own socks, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings. And have you felt tested by owning a company, dealing with the ebbs and flows from the top? Of course. Having a company, you’re working with people, spending more time with your colleagues than anyone. It’s nice to do special things and, hey, if you can be successful and be funny as a company, isn’t that great for everyone involved? Me, being an artist, I get carried away a little and spend too much, and it catches up. This month we are restructuring our offices, tightening up my business. Now we have all these incredible new designs, and there’s excitement at first, then a little stagnancy. Like a relationship. You have to keep tooling and pushing. And do you feel the trajectory is normal for a brand, like a cycle, or is Jimmy Sommers’ Wildfox different?  There are unique circumstances to Wildfox and then much of it is normal high’s and low’s for any brand. Looking back, when you’re rising every year, a lot of big brands would call me and I gave them the middle finger because I thought everything was going to keep going up. ‘I don’t need this, everything's fine.’ But sometimes you do need someone to come in and give some help. It’s been my strategy to stay a one hundred percent owner, but I'm always looking for a strategic partner who can grow it bigger and bigger. You’re always hearing about the pitfalls of growth in the fashion and apparel industry. Any truth to that? You get cocky, but, you know, the consistent factor is you always need some really good people around. I’m still dealing with people that I find out they were faking it. It’s like, what was I doing for the last seven years paying you a hundred and twenty grand? What were you doing? Because I love it when people leave or go and you don’t even need to replace them. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. And how about outside insights or consultation? Not being from this business, I’ve hired a lot of consultants. I’ve figured out that they’ve told me everything I was already doing. With consultants, I’ve learned they’re typically the failed CEOs of their own businesses, or CEOs that got fired, and they want a lot of money. Every consultant I’ve taken aboard hasn’t changed shit. They’ll move certain things around and they’re just shuffling papers. They’ll come in and paper shuffle, and it’s like ‘Oh my God, how much money am I spending?’ So perhaps it’s more in the creative structure? Who at this stage might you think to be an ideal partner? It’s got to be a funny cat. Look at Pharrell! He’s got all this crazy music, he’s great. We’ve met a few times and once I was like, ‘Aren’t you doing fashion?’ and he named four different companies. Wow, what a talent. So someone like that I’d like to get in the mix. New approach on creative ideas. Even Nike does all these things. Collaborations are big business these days. It sparks energy into something, so I’m looking for collabs and there’s a lot of possibilities. Jimmy, aside from being Wildfox CEO and tequila entrepreneur, how about your personal trajectory? Any excerpts from the book of life? All you can do is just learn from life and other people. But you have to trust other people so you truly can learn from them. And that doesn’t always work out, but you have to try. ‘If you look back,’ my father used to ask me, ‘would you change anything?’ You know what, no I wouldn’t. But maybe I have to say that because my father asked me! And how about music? You’re still keeping an eye on the scene? I’m always supporting new artists, as I was one back in the day. Lately I’ve been signing country artists. I know how it is, it’s tough. So it’s nice for me to help out other people, and not just for one song. You have to throw a lot in there and see what sticks. I did that with my music. I worked on three albums at once, and could never finish anything! But then I’d be putting together a record in Chicago, and I’d meet someone and they’d be like, ‘Let’s have ten songs in three months.’ And I was like, ‘Wow, that works.’ Deadlines are important! CLYDE hat, TIBI shoes, IMAGO-A bag, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace. And you’re building a studio up here in the Hills? It’s pretty amazing, the sound. I have a great sound system up here, and you can really hear when someone knows how to record, or mix. Man, that’s a big deal, the mixing. My favorite place to create is like this, where something sounds good. You know, in the Hills, in the studio. That’s why Tupac and everyone used to roll through back in the day! I had a recording studio! That’s why I’m building a new one up here. It’s a special spot. When you’re first in the Hills, you look out there and you’re thinking ‘Wow, I wanna move out here.’ And so I’ve always lived in the Hills, from all the way around. Like seven different houses, and I finally bought one. I look out, and I see the city sparkling, and all those people and their lives from here to as far as you can see, and you’re just on top of the hill, on top of the world. It feels frickin’ good, and it still does. And how’s it all going to land? What’s the big picture look like? Well, it would be nice to have a great relationship, and kids, and this and that. But who knows? Let’s just say I’m gonna die however, but with a smile on my face. Peter Fonda just passed away, and you know, his sister Jane, that’s what she said, that he ‘passed but he had a smile on his face.’ It’s like, have a good ride, because we’re not here forever. Photographed by Shane McCauley.  Flaunt Film Directed by Lucas Chemotti. Models: Dani Dolinger at LA Models and Patterson Wells at Visions Models LA. Styled by Britton Litow. Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co and Oribe at Nest Artists. Makeup: Cedric Jolivet using MAC Cosmetics at Lowe & Co. Manicurist: Lisa Jachno using Chanel Le Vernis at Opus Beauty. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019 The contemporary jewelry line, AGMES, is the brainchild of Morgan and Jaclyn Solomon. Each collection is influenced by facets of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art. The geometric and sculptural, metallic silhouettes reflect modern heirlooms, meant to last a lifetime. Handcrafted in New York, the sisters provide local jobs and utilize recycled metals, which is central to their code of ethicality. With the release of their Fall 2019 lookbook, Flaunt spoke with the Solomon gals to chat all things AGMES. Tell us about the inception of AGMES. Morgan Solomon: We hadn’t anticipated starting a line together years ago, it all happened naturally and kind of fell into place this way. I was working as a buyer at Bloomingdale’s at the time but always felt like something was missing in my life. After catching up with an old friend, I was re-inspired and decided to pursue jewelry design full-time. Meanwhile, Jaclyn had just resigned from her job as a sweater designer at Proenza Schouler. She had planned to take a little time off, but as I was getting ready to launch my first collection, I was asking her for more and more input. It started out with small projects, to larger projects like producing our first lookbook, and naturally led us to form a partnership. What aspects of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art inspire the geometry of your designs? MS: Our collection is very sculptural in nature, so we’re often inspired by sculptors such as Jean Arp, Henry Moore, and Barbara Hepworth, to name a few. We’ve also been greatly inspired by the designs of Charlotte Perriand, Pierre Jeanneret, and Mies van der Rohe. For our most recent SS19 collection, we drew from Ellsworth Kelly’s plant drawings. What dedications has the brand made in regards to sustainability?  MS: Sustainability has always been very important to us, but we feel that now more than ever, it’s crucial to keep our environmental footprint as small as possible. There is so much waste in this industry, and we think it’s our responsibility to make sure we’re not adding to the problem. All our products are made locally in NYC, which helps keep our carbon footprint small, and we use only recycled metals for all our jewelry. Any excess metal that hasn’t been used in our jewelry is melted and repurposed for new pieces.  Jaclyn Solomon: We recycle and reuse everything we can. We’re always bringing in bubble wrap, packaging materials, boxes, etc. from packages we receive at home so that we can reuse them instead of letting them go to waste. What are some of the ideas and concepts behind your Fall 2019 collection? JS: We drew from one of our favorite pieces from the existing collection, the Gabriela Bangle, which we had hand-formed from clay. We love the weight of this piece, the feel of it, and the look. So we wanted to continue playing with this sculptural hand-formed look, but play with the proportions and symmetry further. Most of this collection came from pieces we hand-formed from clay. Do you have a favorite piece from the collection? JS: My favorite is the Gabriela Hairclip! MS: I’ve been wearing the Medium Celia Hoops almost every day lately. And I’ve also been wearing our Domed Ring layered with the Cara Ring from last season. I love being able to build off the styles I already have.  What’s next?  MS: We’ve only just begun expanding into the accessories category – first jewelry, and then we introduced some home and hair accessories. We’ve been exploring the idea of expanding further into these categories, in a way that stays true to us – beautiful organic forms, all of which will become modern heirlooms and embody a sense of timelessness. Photography: Arno Frugier Creative direction: Ashley Helvey Model: Audrey Marnay Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                     Photographer: Kristos Giourgas at http://kristosgiourgas.co.uk/ 
 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                             Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Wool and leather dress and Leather boots by Louis Vuitton.     Silk nylon pleated dress by Lanvin and Leather knee high boots with grommets by Christian Louboutin.     Silk chiffon dress by Michael Kors and Suede boots by Coach.     Sheer silk lace dress by Donna Karan New York and Leather boots by Coach.     Cashmere cotton sweater and Leather micro skirt by Alexander Wang and Leather boots by Christian Louboutin.     Silk tulle Swarovski crystal dress by Marc Jacobs.     Astrakhan and pony sheath dress by Hermès.     Cotton and silk velvet dress with astrakhan fur half shoulder sleeve by Thom Browne and Leather boots by Christian Louboutin.                   Beauty Notes: Translucent Finishing Powder in Sable Voile, Cheek Color in Love Lust, Eye Color Quad in Ice Queen, Sahara Haze, and Seductive Rose, Brow Sculptor in Espresso, Extreme Mascara in Raven, and Nail Lacquer in Toasted Sugar and Pink Crush by Tom Ford Beauty. Thick Dry Finishing Spray, Volumista Mist for Volume and Sculpting Cream by Oribe. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                          Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                                          Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Plain cotton coat by Maison Martin Margiela, Wool Thick Knit sweater, Wool and Angora Mix Trousers, and Leather boots with buckles by Bottega Veneta, and Palladium star motif Brass brooch (worn throughout) by dior homme.     Ridge Color Block Wool Sweater by Jonathan Saunders, jersey Turtleneck, Vintage Classic Trousers, and Fur Boots by Damir Doma, and Multigrain Calf Document Bag by Mulberry.     Cosplay appliqué bomber jacket by James Long.      Patterned Jacket and trousers by Costume National and Double-Length Split Front Top by Matthew Miller.     Chalk stripe wool flannel multi-pocket three-button Jacket, chalk stripe Wool flannel fitted cargo pants, Silk Tie with polka dots, tie pin, and Leather Briefcase with polka dots by Dior Homme, Cotton Stripe Shirt by Z Zegna, and leather Shoes by Cerruti 1881.     Silk Double-Breasted Coat with Jacquard Photo, Oliver Bernard Photo Print Shirt, photo print trousers, and shoes by Alexander McQueen.     Cotton Blazer with Pockets and integrated belt and Jogging Style Front Pleat Trousers by Balmain, High Neck Sweater by Carven, and Multigrain Calf Document Bag by Mulberry.     Wool Coat with low shoulders and cashmere turtleneck by Hermès and atom neck sticker detail sweater by Christopher Kane.     Cotton Sweater, wool trousers, and slip-on shoes by Jil Sander.     Pinstripe wool coat by Topman, Lightweight Wool Twill Shirt by Kris Van Assche, Pure Wool Chalk Striped Cuffed Trousers by Z Zegna, Mirrored sunglasses by Ray-Ban, and soft grain leather belt and Multigrain Calf Document Bag by Mulberry.     Wool Sweater by Cerruti 1881 and Mirrored Sunglasses by Ray-Ban.                  Grooming Notes: Prime Solution and The Cream by Sensai, Brow set in Clear by M.A.C Cosmetics, and crÈme de rose Smoothing Plumping lip balm by Dior. prep, styling creme, and sumowax by bumble and bumble. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                                   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                        Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                               Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                              Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Wool coat and color-blocked turtleneck by Alexander Wang, Wool trousers by Public School, and Leather buckled brogues by Dior Homme.     From top to bottom: Long jacket by Jil Sander and Cashmere crewneck sweater by Exemplaire. Suit Jacket and Cotton dress shirt by Ports 1961.     From left to right: Lounge trousers by Louis Vuitton and platform dress shoes by Jil Sander. Fur coat, pinstripe suit, and leather buckled brogues by Dior Homme.     Reversible technical parka and Formal travel jacket by Louis Vuitton and Dress shirt by Ports 1961.     Wool blazer, Cotton stained shirt, and Wool wide leg pants by Comme des Garçons Homme Plus.     Wool coat and trousers by Jil Sander and Color-blocked cotton shirt by Public School.     Belted double-breasted suit and Cotton shirt by Salvatore Ferragamo.     From left to right: Suit Jacket and Cotton dress shirt by Ports 1961. Belted double-breasted suit and Cotton shirt by Salvatore Ferragamo. Turtleneck sweater by Ports 1961.     Suit Jacket and Cotton dress shirt by Ports 1961. Long jacket by Jil Sander and Cashmere crewneck sweater by Exemplaire. Turtleneck sweater by Ports 1961.     Formal travel jacket and Lounge trousers by Louis Vuitton and Dress shirt by Ports 1961.     From left to right: Turtleneck sweater by Ports 1961. Shearling coat, 3-button suit, Cotton button-down shirt, Silk tie, and Leather gloves by Hermès.     From left to right: Turtleneck sweater by Ports 1961. Double-breasted coat with scarf neckline by Ermenegildo Zegna and Leather gloves by Ports 1961.     Suit Jacket and Cotton dress shirt by Ports 1961.      From left to right: Long jacket by Jil Sander and Cashmere crewneck sweater by Exemplaire. Two-button jacket, Turtleneck dress shirt, Trousers, and Leather boots by Hermès.     From left to right: Wool trousers by Tim Coppens and Leather shoes by Hermès. Trousers and Leather dress shoes by Salvatore Ferragamo.                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                       Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                      Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Stretch silk long sleeve puff dress by Alaïa.     Leather zippered short dress by Anthony Vaccarello.     Silk floral print dress by Dries Van Noten.      Lacerated wool jacket and strapless dress embroidered with synthetic opal stone by Iris van Herpen.      Silk nylon print long sleeve mini dress by Isabel Marant.     Stretch nylon cropped jacket, Organza shirt, and Stretch nylon pocket skirt by Jacquemus and Leather pattern ankle boots by Alaïa.      Stretch silk V-neck pattern knit dress by Alaïa.     Cotton nylon beaded patchwork shirtdress by Junya Watanabe and Leather and metal studded ankle boots by Alaïa.                  Beauty Notes: Eye Quartet Mineral Palette in Vibrant Light, Indigo, Violet, and Skin Tones, Be Long Mascara in Intense Brown, Lip Balm Crayon in Creamy Pink and Tender Coral, Satin Finish Age-Defying Lipstick in Chocolate Rose, Pink Nerry, and Pink Fuchsia all by Clarins Paris. Bb Thickening DrySpun Finish, Bb Hairdresser’s Invisible Oil, Bb Curl Conscious Calming Creme, and Bb Texture Dressing Creme all by Bumble and bumble. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                       Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                             Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                               Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                             Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   From left to right: Silk cotton hidden button single-breasted suit by Lanvin and cotton shirt by Prada. Nylon and Mongolian lamb sleeveless vest by Prada and cotton shorts by SIR. Wool coat and embroidered wool sweater by Versace and cotton jeans by Christopher Kane. wool, leather, and fur coat and sweater by Fendi and wool pants by Berluti.       From left to right: Cashmere cardigan by Bally, wool sweater by Valentino, and cotton jeans by Dior Homme. Wool jacket, cotton plaid shirt, and wool pants by Public School.       From left to right: Cotton stripe jacket by Richard Chai, cotton cardigan by Mark McNairy, and cotton t-shirt by Luxury + Royalty. Wool and Bonded leather coat by Valentino.       From left to right: Wool coat by Dior Homme and cotton shirt by Public School. Suede bomber jacket and cotton sweater by Berluti and wool pants by Fendi.       Leather suit and leather shirt by Givenchy.       From left to right: Wool sweater with hand motif by Lanvin and nylon pattern sweat pants by SIR. Nylon trenchcoat by Burberry Prorsum, cotton shirt and cotton pants by Public School, and eyeglasses by Tom Ford.       From left to right: Wool duffle coat, nylon anorak, and ruffled high neck shirt by Dries Van Noten and wool pants and leather shoes  by Christopher Kane. Shearling bomber jacket by Versace, cotton print sweatshirt and sweatpants by Christopher Kane, and paint-dotted leather shoes by Dior Homme.       Cashmere coat, cashmere jumpsuit and leather shoes by Louis Vuitton.      From left to right: Shearling bomber by Bally. Wool short coat by Rochambeau.       Cashmere short sleeve sweater, fox fur scarf, and wool pants by Prada.       Cashmere coat, cotton t-shirt, and cashmere pants by Tom Ford.       Left to right: Wool double-breasted vest and wool pants by Giorgio Armani. Leather bomber and wool pants by Gucci and wool turtleneck by Bally.       Wool coat with stripes and sweater by Raf Simons / Sterling Ruby.                  Grooming Notes: ClarinsMen Revitalizing Gel and ClarinsMen Super Moisture Balm by Clarins. Bb Prep, Thickening Hairspray, and Bb. Thickening Dryspun Finish by Bumble and bumble.               Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                               Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                           Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                          Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Leopard print pony hair jacket with embroidered patches and lambskin leather pants by Balmain.       From left to right: Nylon print coat by Kolor. wool mohair coat by Damir Doma.     Cotton print sweatshirt and sweatpants by Marcelo Burlon County of Milan and Perspective Cubes printed leather high top sneakers by Pierre Hardy.     Wool coat with piping trims by Laurence Airline and cotton sweater and wool pants by Julien David.     Reversible wool jacket by Kolor and cotton metallic t-shirt by John Lawrence Sullivan.     Wool cotton jacket with piping trims and pants by Melinda Gloss and cotton print collar shirt by Laurence Airline.     Silk cotton print short jacket, wool turtleneck, and cotton pants by Haider Ackermann.       From left to right: Wool mohair short jacket by Damir Doma, cotton linen long pocket shirt by Victoria/Tomas, and cotton pants by Isabel Benenato. Wool cape and pants by John Lawrence Sullivan and cotton floral bomber jacket by Komakino.       Wool nylon cardigan and leather shirt by Victoria/Tomas.     Leather biker jacket and shearling coat by Juun.J.                  Grooming notes: Revitalizing Gel, Anti-Fatigue Eye Serum, and Super Moisture Balm by ClarinsMen.
Bb Thickening Hairspray, Bb Thickening Serum, and Bb Prêt-à-Powder by Bumble and bumble.           Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                            Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                           Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                               Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Overcoat by Rag & Bone, tank top by The White Briefs, check shirt (around waist) by natural selection denim, handwoven jeans by Faustine Steinmetz, shoes by Saint Laurent, and necklace by Annina Vogel.     Leather trenchcoat by Miu Miu, tank tops by The White briefs, and boxers and boots by Diesel.     From Left to right: Sweater by Helen Lawrence, denim top and boots by MM6 Margiela, and briefs by  The White Briefs. Denim jacket by Maison Martin Margiela, sweater by Helen Lawrence, tank top by The White Briefs, trousers by Loewe, and shoes by Saint Laurent.         Denim jeans by Saint Laurent and sneakers by Adidas Originals Stan Smith.     Bleached denim jacket by Giles, nylon dress by Miu Miu, and distressed and embroideredjeans by Henry Holland.         From Left to right: fur coat and nylon dress by Miu Miu and distressed and embroidered jeans by Henry Holland. Polka dot jacket by Dior Homme, tank top by The White Briefs, and handwoven jeans by Faustine Steinmetz.       Handwoven and frayed denim trucker jacket by Faustine Steinmetz and dress with side lacing and shoes by Dior.     From Left to right: Denim jacket (in hand) by Faustine Steinmetz, sweater by Loewe,  and gun dress and shoes by Saint Laurent. Badge coat by Diesel and jeans by Saint Laurent.     Jacquard wool top by Miu Miu and handwoven and frayed jeans by Faustine Steinmetz.                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                       Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                               Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                                Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                       Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Fur coat, cotton pants, and necklace Model’s Own and Leather slip-on shoes by Hermès.     Nylon shirt by Nike Pro Combat, Jock strap by Calvin Klein Underwear, and Leather high top sneakers by Saint Laurent.      Top to bottom: Cotton printed shorts by Brian Kenny and leather snow boots by Adidas for Rick Owens. Cotton handmade jersey by Brian Kenny, Cotton socks by Everlast, and AF-1 leather high top sneakers by Nike x Riccardo Tisci.     Cotton flight suit and Bandana Model’s Own. Leather and suede sneakers with Velcro strap by Dior Homme.     Both models wear Handmade cotton jersey and Silk shorts by Brian Kenny and Leather high top sneakers by Prada.     Leather shorts, Leather harness, and Hat Model’s Own, Cotton socks by Gold Toe, and Leather high top sneakers with fringes by Saint Laurent     Nylon shorts by Everlast and Leather platform sneakers by Adidas for Raf Simons.      Cotton singlet by Brian Kenny and Suede sneakers by Tom Ford.     Leather harness by Brian Kenny, Jock strap by Nasty Pig, and Leather thigh high lace-up boots by Givenchy.     Sweatshirt by Brian Kenny, Sweatpants by Nike, and Pony skin sneakers by Kenneth Cole New York.     Silk handmade short sleeve shirt by  Brian Kenny, jock strap by Calvin Klein Underwear, and Velvet sneakers by Tom Ford.     Jock strap by Calvin Klein Underwear and Leather sneakers by Tom Ford.                  Grooming Notes: Body Moisturizer, Neroli Portofino Body Oil, Skin Revitalizing Concentrate, Concealer, and Bronzing Gel by Tom Ford. Styling Creme, Grooming Creme, and Prêt-à-Powder by Bumble and bumble. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                          Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                               Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                            Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Left to right: Leather coat, button-up Shirt, and denim pants by Prada, T-shirt by Angelos Frentzos, Vintage tie from Sous Vintage Shop, and Necklace by Versace. striped suit and cashmere camisole top by Chanel, Vintage shoes from Sous Vintage Shop, and Bracelets with feathers by Stefano de Lellis.     Left to right: Vintage Fendi fur jacket (on couch) and Vintage Emilio Pucci pants from Sous Vintage Shop, Long sleeve lycra shirt by Katie Eary, Bracelets by Emma Purple, and shoes (worn throughout) talent’s own. Vintage suede and fur coat from Sous Vintage Shop, Lycra bodysuit by Katie Eary, and Shoes talent’s own.     Left to right: Sequin embroidered jacket and pants by Ashish, Shirt by Vivienne Westwood, and Belt by Marni. Tinsel and sequin jacket by Ashish, Lycra bodysuit by Marios Schwab, Pants and Socks by Alberto Zambelli, and Shoes talent’s own.     Embroidered caftan by Valentino, Denim trousers by Levi’s, Shoes talent’s own, Necklace by Versace, Vintage gold Hermès earrings from Sous Vintage Shop, and Bracelet by ORTYS.     Straw bolero by Angelos Frentzos, T-shirt by Still Ill, Sequin pants with pearls by Ashish, and Sunglasses by Alberto Zambelli.     Jacket (in hand) by Valentino, sweater and belt by Prada, shirt and tie from Sous Vintage Shop, and double-pleated leather pants by Versace.     Degradé jacket by Katie Eary, Vintage shirt from Sous Vintage Shop, and Denim jeans by Levi’s.     Sequin jacket by Billionaire Italian Couture, Sequin t-shirt by Ashish, and Leather pants by Givenchy.     Double-breasted jacket by Versace, button-up Shirt, Trousers, and Belt by Prada, and Vintage Giorgio redaelli tie from Sous Vintage Shop.     Josh wears Tank Top by Chanel     Andy wears Leather Belt by Fatima Val ring by Emma Purple     Andy wears Total Look by Come For Breakfast, Belt by Marni, Fur Boot by Dsquared2, Diamond Ring by Winston.                  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                           Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                              Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                             Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                             Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                            Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                        Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                                          Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                               Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                               Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                               Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   FUR JACKET BY HOUSE OF HOLLAND, T-SHIRT FROM THE CONTEMPORARY WARDROBE, DISTRESSED DENIM JEANS BY 7 FOR ALL MANKIND, AND SNEAKERS (WORN THROUGHOUT) BY NIKE.     TULLE RUFFLE VARSITY JACKET WITH SEQUINS AND JEWELS BY ASHISH, T-SHIRT FROM THE CONTEMPORARY WARDROBE, AND JEANS BY LEE.     MULTI-COLOR FUR COAT BY EMILIO PUCCI, PRINTED SHIRT BY LOU DALTON, AND PATCH TROUSERS BY MARTINE ROSE.     COAT BY BOTTEGA VENETA, T-SHIRT FROM THE CONTEMPORARY WARDROBE, AND JEANS BY CALVIN KLEIN.     SNAP-FRONT JACKET AND QUILTED MINI SKIRT BY MIU MIU AND T-SHIRT FROM THE CONTEMPORARY WARDROBE.     SNAP-FRONT JACKET AND QUILTED MINI SKIRT BY MIU MIU AND T-SHIRT FROM THE CONTEMPORARY WARDROBE.     LEATHER SNAP-FRONT COAT AND DRESS BY LOUIS VUITTON.     FUR JACKET FROM THE CONTEMPORARY WARDROBE, COTTON TANK TOP BY HANRO, DISTRESSED JEANS BY CALVIN KLEIN, AND CHAIN LINK SHOPPING BASKET BY CHANEL.                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: WOOL JACQUARD DRESS, PRINTED SILK KNIT, AND SUEDE BELT BY PROENZA SCHOULER. WOOL JACQUARD DRESS, PRINTED SILK KNIT, AND SUEDE BELT BY PROENZA SCHOULER. FLOCK PRINTED VISCOSE CRÊPE DRESS BY PROENZA SCHOULER.     FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: PLAID LACE TOP AND SHORTS BY SEA, COTTON OXFORD SHIRT BY MARISSA WEBB, SOCKS BY SOXXY, AND SHOES BY DKNY. TOP BY KENNETH COLE, PLAID SKIRT BY SEA, SOCKS BY SOXXY, SNAKESKIN PUMPS BY MICHAEL KORS, AND RING BY FALLON. PLAID TOP AND DRESS BY SEA, SOCKS BY SOXXY, SHOES BY BEAU COOPS FOR KAREN WALKER, AND RING BY FALLON (WORN THROUGHOUT). PLAID COAT AND SKIRT BY REBECCA MINKOFF, SILK TOP BY OSKLEN, SOCKS BY SOXXY, PONY AND LEATHER SHOES BY PROENZA SCHOULER, AND RING BY FALLON (WORN THROUGHOUT).     FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: WOOL DRESS BY VIKTOR & ROLF. CASHMERE-SILK TURTLENECK AND DOUBLE-FACED WOOL SKIRT BY THE ROW. WOOL SWEATER AND TROUSERS BY VIKTOR & ROLF.     SWEATER BY L.A.M.B., SHIRT AND SKIRT BY REBECCA MINKOFF, AND HAT BY JILL GOLDEN.     FLORAL DRESS AND PLAID SKIRT (TIED AT WAIST) BY ELIZABETH AND JAMES AND SHOES BY TIBI. WOOL-ANGORA PATCHED CHECK COAT BY BOSS, PRINTED SWEATER AND SKIRT BY SWASH, AND SHOES BY DKNY. FLORAL JACKET AND SKIRT BY JENNIFER CHUN AND LEATHER BOOTS BY BOSS. PLAID COAT BY TOMMY HILFIGER, FELT WOOL “FIRE” SWEATER BY KENZO, BABY CAMEL PLAID SKIRT BY BOSS, AND PLATFORM BOOTS BY GUCCI.     CREWNECK ARGYLE CARDIGAN BY BLACK FLEECE BY BROOKS BROTHERS AND DRESS BY ZADIG & VOLTAIRE.       CREWNECK HOUNDSTOOTH CARDIGAN BY BLACK FLEECE BY BROOKS BROTHERS AND PLAID TOP BY HACHE.       PLAID SHIRT BY ELIZABETH AND JAMES AND DRESS MODEL’S OWN.       TARTAN RAGLAN COAT WITH NECK TIE BY KAREN WALKER.     FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: WOOL-ANGORA SUIT JACKET AND TROUSERS BY BOSS AND HOODED SWEATER BY L.A.M.B., WOOL SWEATER AND WOOL SKIRT BY BOTTEGA VENETA AND HAT BY JILL GOLDEN, SWEATER BY L.A.M.B. AND SHIRT AND SKIRT BY REBECCA MINKOFF. WOOL SWEATER BY BOTTEGA VENETA.     FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: SWEATER BY ZADIG & VOLTAIRE AND WOOL KILT BY HACHE. SWEATER BY MICHAEL KORS AND DOT PRINT QUILTED SKIRT WITH PLEATED TARTAN OVERLAY BY SACAI. PLAID DRESS BY TOMMY HILFIGER, CASHMERE SWEATER BY WHITE + WARREN, AND LACE-UP SHOES BY HACHE.     FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: DOUBLE-FACED WOOL CLOAK, TARTAN COAT DRESS, AND TARTAN PRINT GEORGETTE PEASANT BLOUSE BY VERA WANG AND BOOTS BY BOSS. TARTAN WOOL OVERSIZED BLAZER, TARTAN PRINT SATIN CHIFFON TAILORED SHIRT, AND TARTAN WOOL TROUSERS BY VERA WANG AND BOOTS BY TIBI.       DRESS BY ORLA KIELY. MARINE RIB SWEATER, COMPACT WOOL SERGE SKIRT, AND POPLIN COLLAR BY CARVEN. LACE SWEATER, MINI WOOL SKIRT WITH LACE OVERLAY, AND PLEATED BELT BY MARY KATRANTZOU AND PATENT LEATHER BOOTS BY EMPORIO ARMANI. RIB KNIT CROP SWEATER AND PRINTED FLANNEL SERGE SKIRT BY CARVEN AND OXFORD LACE-UP BOOTS BY DKNY.                    Beauty Notes: Makeup by M.A.C Cosmetics. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Zoe, 19, she tell us she is totally not surprise we ask her to pose. Charlotte, 18, she was with a strict and rigorous dad, in a middle of packing the trunk, 10 last minute before the end of her vacancy. Chlotide, 15, chills with eight crazy hyper active little brother and co, run it like a real mom. Canelle, 19, her favorite summer hobbie? put some wax on surfer’s board. Louis and Jeanne, 15 and 16, they poses front the gate of Pascal Obispo villa, biggest asshole of French music, cool to see they don’t give a fuck about this fact. Luna, 15, shy and curious, she call mom to ask her if she can. Clarisse, 16, sometime, gothic people go to vacancy to wear color. Olga, 18, too much nice to say no.    Teens in Jeans in Cap Ferret  
        Robbing The Cradle of Denim: Junior Year     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   SHIRT BY LEVI’S RED TAB, JEANS BY LEVI’S MADE & CRAFTED, NECKLACE AND WOVEN BRACELET BY L. JARDIM, SEPTUM RING BY CATBIRD, AND DUEL CUFF SERPENT BRACELET BY PAMELA LOVE.     LEATHER JACKET BY QUALITY MENDING CO., SHIRT BY T BY ALEXANDER WANG, DISTRESSED DENIM JEANS BY GENETIC DENIM, SUNGLASSES BY LINDA FARROW, NECKLACE BY L. JARDIM, AND EARRING AND SEPTUM RING BY CATBIRD.     PLAID FRINGE SWEATER BY TOMMY HILFIGER COLLECTION, JEANS BY FRAME, AND EARRING AND SEPTUM RING BY CATBIRD.     VEST FROM GRAND STREET BAKERY, PANTS BY LOUIS VUITTON, SHOES BY CONVERSE, NECKLACES, THE TRINA HOOK BRACELET, AND WOVEN BRACELET BY L. JARDIM, EARRING AND SEPTUM RING BY CATBIRD, AND DUEL CUFF SERPENT BRACELET BY PAMELA LOVE.     JACKET BY LEVI’S FROM GRAND STREET BAKERY, JEANS BY LEVI’S, NECKLACES BY L. JARDIM, AND EARRING AND SEPTUM RING BY CATBIRD.     SHIRT BY BROWNSTONE COWBOYS, SHORTS BY LEVI’S MADE & CRAFTED, NECKLACE AND DUEL CUFF SERPENT BRACELET BY PAMELA LOVE, SEPTUM RING BY CATBIRD, AND THE TRINA HOOK BRACELET AND WOVEN BRACELET BY L. JARDIM.                  Beauty Notes: Capture Totale Dreamskin, Skinflash Primer Radiance Boosting Makeup Primer, Diorshow mono eyeshadow in Grege, and Rouge Dior in Rialto by Dior. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Geophysic 1958 watch in rose gold by Jaeger-LeCoultre.       Revolution 43.5 Chronograph watch by David Yurman.       Classic Fusion watch in titanium with black rubber and alligator strap by Hublot.       Pilots Chronograph Miramar watch by IWC.       Seamaster planet ocean 600m watch in steel by Omega.       Calibre de cartier watch in 18k rose gold by Cartier.       Quai de l’ile retrograde Annual Calendar watch in 18k rose gold by Vacheron Constantin.       Luminor marina 8 days acciaio watch with white dial by Officine Panerai.                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Fezlop bomber jacket by G-Star RAW.       Splatter jeans by GUESS, underwear talent’s own, and Chelsea boots by Christian Louboutin.       Denim jacket by Versace and Jeans by Dior Homme.       Chambray shirt and denim shirt by Agave, and Jeans by J Brand.       Denim jacket by Versace.       Fezlop bomber jacket, short sleeve denim shirt, and long sleeve checked shirt by G-Star RAW, Distressed jeans by Chip Foster available at Bloomingdale’s, and Leather combat boots by Christian Louboutin.       Elshar denim patch jacket and denim metallic jacket by Diesel, Byron jeans by Hudson Jeans, and Chelsea boots by Christian Louboutin.       Denim jacket and shirt by Dries Van Noten and Jeans by Dior Homme.       Coated denim and leather moto jacket (on lap) and jeans by HUGO BOSS and chambray oxford button-down shirt by AG.       Mao collar jacket and denim shirt by Jacob Davis and Union jeans by Big Star.       Corduroy shirt by 7 For All Mankind, Jeans (worn inside out) by Mavi, and Chelsea boots by Christian Louboutin.       Heritage Denim jacket in tux by Cult of Individuality.                   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Denim overalls by Joyrich.     Cropped satin bomber jacket, double-layer checked shirt, and plaid hooded scarf by Diesel, tie by Dolce & Gabbana, rope chain necklace by JewerlyByNET, and Les Fétiches velvet cuff by Maison Close.     Quilted bomber jacket, denim jacket, checkered shirt, and plaid shirt by Chip Foster and fishnet stockings by Falke.     Denim jacket, leather vest, and patched denim jeans by Paige, vintage biker cutoff vest stylist’s own, shoes by Dr. Martens by Agyness Deyn, and studded bracelet by Eden Sky.     Icon bomber jacket by Stussy, denim jacket by Genetic Denim, striped knit sweaters by Diesel, and denim skirt by Frame.     Denim vest by Levi’s and backpack by MCM.     Satin bomber jacket, denim flight suit, and fanny pack by Stussy, Mesh Maxi skirt and bra by Motel Larna, and gold choker by Patricia Field.     Zip dress with leather pocket and collar by Rag & Bone, denim shirt and Bermuda shorts by Dickies, shoes by Dr. Martens by Agyness Deyn, mesh gloves Gaspar Gloves, and earrings by JewelryByNET.     Oversized varsity jacket and denim overalls by Joyrich, shoes by Dr. Martens by Agyness Deyn, and earrings by Eden Sky and choker by Patricia Field.                    Beauty Notes: Face and body foundation in #30 and Aquarelle eyeliner in Gold by Make Up For Ever, Le Jour de Chanel Morning reactivating face care, Les Beiges Healthy glow sheer colour SPF 15 in No. 30, and Rouge Coco Hydrating Crème lip colour in Sycomore by Chanel, and Arch de Triumphe brow definer in Votre Vu. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   WOOL TURTLENECK SHIRT AND WOOL DRESS WITH APPLIQUÉ BY KENZO AND DENIM SNEAKERS BY SUPERGA. DENIM JACKET BY MICHAEL BASTIAN, WOOL SWEATER AND WOOL PANTS BY PRIVATE STOCK, AND CALF HAIR SNEAKERS BY CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN.     WOOL OVERSIZED PEA COAT, OVERSIZED PANTS, AND PRINTED LEATHER BOOTS BY THOM BROWNE.     DYED AND PATCHED DENIM JACKET AND DENIM JEANS BY VERSACE AND FRESH FOAM 980 SNEAKERS BY NEW BALANCE.     WOOL HOUNDSTOOTH DRESS WITH ASYMMETRICAL SIDES BY DKNY AND DENIM SNEAKERS BY SUPERGA.     COTTON PRINT SWEAT SUIT BY VERSUS AND LEATHER LACE-UP BOOTS BY JIMMY CHOO.     LEATHER JACKET WITH LEOPARD DETAIL, LEATHER JEANS, AND LEATHER SHOES BY SAINT LAURENT.     COTTON LONG SLEEVE SHIRT, COTTON SHORTS, AND DENIM SHOES BY COMME DES GARÇONS HOMME PLUS.     WOOL RAYON DRESS BY VERSACE AND LEATHER HEELS WITH STUDDED DETAIL BY CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN. WOOL DRESS WITH STUDS BY FAUSTO PUGLISI AND LEATHER HEELS BY CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN.     LEATHER JACKET WITH SHEARLING COLLAR BY RAG & BONE. COTTON TANK BY RUFSKIN, WAX DENIM JEANS BY J BRAND, AND LEATHER BOOTS WITH ANKLE STRAPS BY CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN.                  Beauty notes:  DiorSkin Nude BB Crème in Medium and Airflash Spray Foundation in Cameo, and Diorshow Mascara in Black by Dior. Hairdresser’s Invisible Oil and Pret-a-Powder by Bumble and bumble. Daily Moisture Defense Lotion Broad Spectrum SPF 15 by Lab Series for Men. Sleek Finish Texture Cream by Jack Black. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   DENIM SHIRT BY H&M AND JEANS BY ROBIN’S JEAN.     CORSET BY SYREN, DENIM SHIRT BY AG, AND HAT BY GLADYS TAMEZ.     FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: CLOAK STYLIST’S OWN, BODYSUIT BY TAVIK, PANTS BY DIESEL, AND BELT BY SYREN. BUSTIER BY SYREN, SUEDE SHORTS BY BALLY, BOOTS BY FRYE, AND HAT BY GLADYS TAMEZ. DENIM DRESS BY AG, SHOES BY H BY HUDSON, AND HAT BY GLADYS TAMEZ. FUR STYLIST’S OWN, LEATHER BUTTON-UP SHIRT BY REBECCA MINKOFF, DENIM JEANS AND SHOES BY LOUIS VUITTON.     FUR COAT BY MATHIEU MIRANO, BLOUSE BY DIESEL, JEANS BY HUDSON JEANS, AND SHOES BY H BY HUDSON.     SHEARLING VEST BY ALLSAINTS, DENIM SHIRT BY AG, LEATHER SHORTS BY MICHELLE MASON, BOOTS BY FRYE, AND LEATHER GLOVES BY SYREN.     BONDAGE HARNESS BY SYREN, CHAMBRAY SHIRT BY CITIZENS OF HUMANITY,  DENIM JEANS BY DL1961, BELT BY DIESEL, HAT BY GLADYS TAMEZ, AND LEATHER GLOVES STYLIST’S OWN.     FUR JACKET BY FUR ELISE, LEATHER BRA BY KAHLO, TWO-TONE JEANS BY WILDFOX, BELT STYLIST’S OWN, AND HARNESS BY SYREN.     SHEARLING VEST BY ALLSAINTS, DENIM SHIRT BY AG, LEATHER SHORTS BY MICHELLE MASON, BOOTS BY FRYE, AND LEATHER GLOVES BY SYREN.                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   DENIM SHIRT BY MAVI AND JEANS BY 7 FOR ALL MANKIND.     DENIM JUMPSUIT BY DIESEL AND BOOTS BY YIGAL AZROUËL.     STRIPED T-SHIRT BY THE KOOPLES, JEANS BY J BRAND, AND HEELS BY GUESS.     SNAP-FRONT DENIM SHIRT BY GUESS, DENIM SHORTS BY HUDSON JEANS, AND RING BY FALLON.     JEANS BY STRÖM, HEELS BY MICHAEL KORS, AND RING BY FALLON.     DENIM JACKET BY BIG STAR.     DENIM SHIRT AND JEANS BY MAVI.     DENIM JACKET BY GUESS, HEELS BY DIESEL, AND RING BY FALLON                  Beauty Notes: 3-in-1 oil-free face makeup SPF 8 in warm sand, mascara in confess, and powder eyeshadow quad in boho and denim by CK One Color Cosmetics and nail polish in Ecume by NARS Cosmetics. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: WAX DENIM JACKET BY 7 FOR ALL MANKIND, JEANS BY SIWY, AND DAMIER BACKPACK BY LOUIS VUITTON. MOHAIR BOMBER JACKET BY CALVIN RUCKER, JEANS BY HUDSON JEANS, AND STRIPED LEATHER BACKPACK WITH STUDS BY MCM. SLEEVELESS DENIM SHIRT BY AG, PLEATED LEATHER SKIRT BY BB DAKOTA, AND PLAID BACKPACK BY CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN. MOHAIR BOMBER AND ZIPPER JEANS BY CALVIN RUCKER AND PYTHON BACKPACK BY ELISABETH WEINSTOCK.     FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: DENIM SHIRT BY THE KOOPLES AND LEATHER PANTS BY BB DAKOTA. OVERSIZED DENIM SHIRT AND DRESS BY AG AND LEATHER BACKPACK BY MAISON MARTIN MARGIELA.     FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: SLEEVELESS DENIM SHIRT BY AG, PLEATED LEATHER SKIRT BY BB DAKOTA, SHOES (WORN THROUGHOUT) BY OPENING CEREMONY X SOLESTRUCK, SOCKS (WORN THROUGHOUT) BY AMERICAN APPAREL, AND BACKPACK BY CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN. MOHAIR BOMBER AND ZIPPER JEANS BY CALVIN RUCKER, SHOES (WORN THROUGHOUT) BY OPENING CEREMONY X SOLESTRUCK, SOCKS (WORN THROUGHOUT) BY AMERICAN APPAREL, AND PYTHON BACKPACK BY ELISABETH WEINSTOCK.     FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: OVERALL SHORTS BY WILDFOX, T-SHIRT BY JOAH BROWN, AND MULTI-COLOR BACKPACK BY CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN. CROPPED DENIM JACKET BY LEVI’S, T-SHIRT BY JOAH BROWN, OMBRE JEANS BY KORAL, AND LEATHER BACKPACK BY SAINT LAURENT. OVERSIZED DENIM BOMBER JACKET BY AG, DENIM BRA TOP BY YOUNG SINNERS, JEANS BY KORAL, AND LEATHER BACKPACK BY SAINT LAURENT. PATCH BUTTON VEST BY STRÖM, DENIM VEST (WORN UNDERNEATH) BY AG, TWO-TONE PLAID JEANS BY HUDSON JEANS, AND BACKPACK BY CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN.                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Lamb leather pants by Bally. Denim jacket with shearling lining and Wool slim fit denim pants by Rag & Bone.      Cotton vest and cotton pants by Umit Benan and patent leather Chelsea boots by Diesel Black Gold.     Long sleeve wool turtleneck sweater and polyester/nylon blend pants by Emporio Armani.     Wool biker jacket with sheep wool collar and zipper detail and Wool pants by Tommy Hilfiger Collection and Suede boots by 3.1 Phillip Lim.      Oversized cotton coat with fur hood by Topman and Cotton striped turtleneck shirt by Maison Martin Margiela.      Leather coat with fur lining by Belstaff, Multi-pocket cargo pants by Alexander Wang, and Leather boots by Cesare Paciotti.      Polyester/wool blend suit and Wool sweater by Kenzo, Canvas shoes by Diesel Black Gold, and Leather gloves by Emporio Armani.     Short sleeve cotton button-up shirt and silk tie by Michael Kors.     Cashmere double-breasted long coat with mink collar by Marc Jacobs and Wool v-neck sweater by Marni.       Wool jacket with asymmetrical closure and split lapel seam, Silk dress shirt, and Wool slim fit pants by John Varvatos and Leather Weapon Zip sneakers by Converse by John Varvatos.       Rayon double-breasted coat by Maison Martin Margiela and Cotton pants by Topman.     Cotton suit jacket and pants by Marc by Marc Jacobs and Polyester long-sleeve shirt by Marc Jacobs.      Wool polo sweater and Cotton pants by A.P.C.     Wool printed sweater and Polyester pants with tapered leg by Viktor & Rolf. Satin wool single-breasted jacket and Stretch leather pants by Kenneth Cole Collection.     Multi-seamed nylon puffer coat by Alexander Wang.     Leather biker coat with shearling fur lining by DSquared2 and Wool pants by T by Alexander Wang.                      Photographer: Robert Nethery for ArtListParis.com.
Style Director: Long Nguyen.
Associate Fashion Editor: ZaQuan Champ.
Models: Tucker des Lauriers and Chris Ferguson for requestmodels.com, new york. Grooming notes:  Vitamin C Facial Serum and Oil Free Facial Lotion SPF 15 by Anthony Logistics for Men.  Bb. Styling Creme and Bb. Thickening Full Form Mousse by Bumble and bumble.     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Lamb leather and crocodile jacket, wool long sleeve shirt, and cotton pants by Belstaff.     Lamb suede safari jacket and cotton pants by Bally.     Cotton hooded sweater and shorts by T by Alexander Wang and leather Fabre EN high top sneakers by Onitsuka Tiger. Linen hooded sweater by Calvin Klein, denim jeans by Guess, and canvas tuxedo boots by Oliver Clark.     Cotton blazer by Hugo, cotton floral printed button-down shirt and cotton Bermuda shorts by Guess, leather belt by Boss, and sunglasses by Lookmatic.     From left to right: Leather jacket and denim jeans by Boss Orange. Denim jacket and jeans by Armani Jeans, cotton short sleeve shirt by Diesel, and leather hiking boots by Dsquared2. Cotton suit jacket, printed shirt, shorts, and wool hat by TopMan and leather high top sneakers by Alejandro Ingelmo.     From left to right: Khaki Utility jacket with drawstring by General Idea, denim Flynn skinny jeans by J Brand, and leather high boots by Boss. Cotton floral printed jacket and shorts by Mark McNairy, denim shirt by Levi’s Strauss & Co., and leather boots by Red Wing Shoes.     From left to right: Wool shawl collar sweatshirt, gingham striped poplin basic button-down shirt, and cotton matchbox slim straight leg jeans by Ag adriano Goldschmied. Viscose jacket by Maison Martin Margiela, cotton graphic T-shirt and leather finished jeans by True Religion. Cotton jacket, button down shirt, and denim jeans by Buffalo.     Leather motorcycle jacket, cotton printed button-down shirt, and pants by Dsquared2 and leather boots by Boss Orange.     Knit striped sweater, cotton printed button-down shirt, and cotton uniform fit pants by Marc by Marc Jacobs.     From left to right: Denim coat by General Idea, cotton button-down shirt and shorts by Boast, canvas bowling shoes by Opening Ceremony, and cotton bowtie by G-Star. Cotton button-down shirt with appliqué detail by Levi’s Strauss & Co, muslin overalls by Carter’s, and canvas boots and cotton hat by General Idea. Knit sweater and khaki pants with oversized pocket detail by Polo Ralph Lauren, leather sneakers by alejandro ingelmo, and leather belt by Buffalo.     From left to right: Wool jacket and knit cotton cardigan by Opening Ceremony, denim Capri shorts by Joe’s Jeans, leather sneakers by Alejandro Ingelmo. Cotton-poly blend jacket and cotton shirt by SLVR, cotton printed floral pants by Y-3, Bedford canvas high top sneakers by Alejandro Ingelmo, and cotton hat by General Idea. Leather jacket and cotton button-down shirt by Levi’s Made & Crafted, cotton pants with elastic waist band by Hudson, and suede sneakers by Alejandro Ingelmo.     Cotton button-down shirt, AND cotton shorts by Kenneth Cole REACTION, leather belt by Buffalo, and calf leather Oxford by Cole Haan.     From left to right: Cotton jacket and pants by Black Fleece by Brooks Brothers, cotton printed short sleeve shirt by Buffalo, and suede boots by Oliver Clark. Polyester blazer by Diesel Black Gold, denim shirt by Levi’s, and denim jeans by Diesel.                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Lambskin leather jacket, cotton button-down shirt, lambskin leather pants, and lambskin leather gloves by Jil Sander.     Shearling coat and cashmere slim pants by Tom Ford.      Lambskin leather and wool coat, lambskin leather and wool shirt, and lambskin leather pants by Yves Saint Laurent.      Cotton double-breasted coat, button-down shirt, wool low crotch shorts, low top running sneakers, and cotton tie by Raf Simons. Cashmere tux, reconstructed safety pin chesterfield overcoat, cropped tux shirt, wool extra low rise trousers with wool zipper pleat skirt, and leather knee-high wingtip brogue boots by Thom Browne.     Wool capri pants and sneakers by Raf Simons. Wool extra low rise pants with wool zipper pleat skirt, and leather knee-high wingtip boots by Thom Browne. Leather face masks by Thom Browne.     Cotton jacket with suede patches, cotton shirt, and denim jeans with leather patches by Junya Watanabe Man.      Leather trenchcoat and Cotton button-down shirt by Emporio Armani.      Lambskin leather and shearling coat, cashmere turtleneck, cotton turtleneck, and lambskin leather pants by Hermès and Leather boots by Jimmy Choo.     Hand-painted leather trenchcoat and merino wool turtleneck by Bally.     Plastic coat with shearling lining, wool striped single-breasted suit, and silk nylon shirt by Versace and Leather trim eyewear by Alexander McQueen.     Cashmere cardigan with lambskin leather front by Exemplaire and Cotton Body boxers by Calvin Klein Underwear.       Leather coat with fur collar, cotton button-down shirt, leather pants, and leather boots by Bottega Veneta and Leather gloves by Giorgio Armani.     Leather shirt, cotton button-down shirt, cotton pants, and silk bowtie by Michael Bastian.     Cashmere hooded coat with shaved mink lining, cashmere jacket, wool pants, and leather boots by Berluti.     Wool and mink single-breasted jacket, cotton button-down shirt, cotton pants, and Chelsea boots by Fendi.                  Photography: Josh McNey at Casadecosta.com. Style Director: Long Nguyen. Assistant Fashion Editor: ZaQuan Champ. Models: Ben Bowers for NewYorkModels.com, Josh Cassidy for RequestModels.com, and Veit Couturier for SoulArtistManagement.com. Grooming Notes: Shine Free Gel and Active Hand Care by Clarins Men. Extra Strength Holding Spray and Gellac by Bumble and Bumble. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Cashmere sweater by Jean Paul Gaultier and Silver cuff by 1-100 by Graham Tabor and Miguel Villalobos.     Wool blazer, cotton button-up shirt, wool pants, and hat by The Viridi-Anne     Wool jacket with leather detail by Steffie Christiaens and leather belt by RAD by RAD Hourani.     Jacket and leather harness by RAD by RAD Hourani, Cotton long shirt and pants by Siki Im, and leather boots by The Viridi-Anne.     Silk top by RAD by RAD Hourani and Bronze and leather necklace 1.100 by Alexandre Plokhov.     Cashmere coat by Komakino, Shirt by Rick Owens, Pants by Yves Saint Laurent, and leather boots by The Viridi-Anne.     Wool coat, wool jacket with leather detail, wool shirt, and wool tie by Damir Doma, linen split skirt by Thamanyah, and pants by Siki Im.                 Grooming: Rubi Jones at RubiJones.com. Grooming Notes: Styling crème and Brilliantine by Bumble and Bumble
 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Olivia, 17, once scrawled The Prayer of St. Francis on her bedroom wall with pizza sauce. “Make me a channel of your peace,” she pleaded. And he did.  Francisca, 15, empties the change from a nearby laundromat, twice weekly. Once she almost lost her job scoring this boy—who’d dumped her the week prior—his favorite ice cream, buckets of it. But alas, cupid’s arrow missed the mark, and when she took her scolding, and saw the sum twice taken from her pay, she savored the memory of seeing him tongue that Neapolitan. Veronica, 19, asks us why we’ve chosen Genoa for this story, why we’re so sweaty when the sun’s nearly set, why the economy won’t get better. We shake our heads, defeated, and imagine her holding up the 10-ton stone she leans against with her paint-chipped pinkie finger, because we know that somehow, were she called upon to do so, she could.  Ludovica, 17, tells us she wants to be a DJ.  Sam, 16, thinks she felt an earthquake last night, but perhaps it was a dream? In the dream, the Vatican has a winning football club, her most favorite stolen art treasures of late, namely Lucian Freud’s “Woman with Eyes Closed,” have been found, and her boyfriend doesn’t die in a moto race, like he did last spring. We wait for her to be blanketed, just enough, in the sun, pop her portrait, and wish her the most open eyes possible. Mercella and Stella, 15 and 16, are sisters. They tell us they’re fine sharing everything, as long as there’s something to share.    Teens in Jeans in Gênes  
        Robbing the Cradle of Denim: An Encore     
    Oh, the serpentine ways we weave our summer-sweet reveries—ever to  her , in the fore, not fully actualized in her power, yet ready to retract this power’s jaws and swallow that around it whole, like a jungle snake, or a Pizza Hut buffet loyalist. For if  your  loyalty, dear readers, is as we’ve heard you espouse upon countertops in nearby dens of iniquity—squid ink and Chartreuse stains upon your bibs—you will recall we made this voyage last summer, to a place called Nîmes. And ah, that we climbed, on your behalf, to the upper-most tier of Nîmes’ coliseum to peer beyond the city’s limits on what  she  and her power—down below, jean-clad mind you—might desire after fleeing a place such as this… to swallow whole. And so look, there! Not so far up the coast: Genoa, or Gênes as you might say here. It glares back in stony defiance, whistling a contentious tune of origin. Oh, the French and the Italians, and their many duels. For many call Nîmes the birth of denim. We won’t embarrass ourselves splitting open ‘denim’ to illustrate the nomenclature/history/purpose of last edition’s quest (though you know our dogged talents.) Instead, we will offer an excursion into the counter lore. Because, loyalist lovers, whoever started it—be it haute cuisine, fashion, prophylactic scorn, or the artisanal mustache—they’ve been doing it longer. They’ve been doing it with more enthusiasm. Now split your genes, you lean queens, you seam fiends, on our second volume of teens in jeans. Photographer: Louis Canadas at Louiscanadas.fr. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   18kT gold and platinum necklace with yellow diamond roses on scrolls of white diamonds and 18kT multi-strand bangle set with yellow and white diamonds by Moussaieff, Yellow gold Arpeggia three line necklace, three line earrings with white diamonds, and five line bracelet with white diamonds by De Beers, 18kT yellow gold bondage barbs cocktail ring with citrine and white diamonds by Stephen Webster, 18kT yellow gold ring with diamonds, pink tourmaline, peridot, fire opals and citrine by Chaumet. Sisley Skinleya Foundation in Sweet Petal,  Eyebrow Pencil in Capuccino, Phyto Mascara Ultra Volume in So Black, Phyto Lip Éclat in Golden, and Sun Glow Gel by Sisley.     18kT yellow gold and diamond serpent necklace, bracelet, and watch by Boucheron, 18kT yellow gold Fire of London earrings with white diamonds by Garrard, 18kTyellow gold Fly by Night Cascade earrings with white diamonds by Stephen Webster, 18kT yellow gold peacock ring with Citrine by Ana Lucia de Teresa from CoutureLab.com, Amadeo Fleurier Joaillerie Bovet Chain Watch in red gold set with sapphires and diamonds by Adler, and rose gold Ballon bleu paved with Diamonds by Cartier. Cruise Healthy Glow Powder in Ambré, Mister Light Instant Light Corrective Pen, Noir Couture Mascara in Black Satin, Rouge Interdit Lipstick in Flirting Brown by Givenchy.     18kT white gold “Eventail” necklace with white diamonds, 18kT white gold “Camelia Ajoure” necklace with white diamonds, 18kT white gold “Panache” earrings with white diamonds, 18kT “Eventail” bracelet with white diamonds, and 18kT white gold “Soleil” ring with white and yellow diamonds by Chanel Fine Jewelry. Cream Colour Base in Pearl, Pigment in Old Gold, Mineralize Concealer, Eye Kohl in Smolder, and Shade & Smoke Shadow/Liner in Little Miss Moffet by M.A.C Cosmetics.     Platinum and diamond necklace of 102 ct round brilliant cut diamonds, 158 ct Sri lankan sugarloaf sapphire and 43 ct Colombian emerald pendant set in platinum with 9 ct Thai rubies, and Natural Burmese cushion-cut sapphire earrings with white diamond micro-surround setting by David Morris, 18kT white gold cuff with 61 ct Colombian emeralds by Mousaieff, and 18kT yellow gold Fly by Night cocktail ring with green tourmaline, white diamonds, and black sapphires by Stephen Webster. Le Teint Touche Éclat Foundation, Touche Éclat 2, Rouge Pur Couture The Mats Lipstick in Prune Virgin, and Fragrance in Opium by Yves Saint Laurent.                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Wool single-breasted jacket, Wool Vest, Cotton shirt, and Wool flared pants by Alexandre Plokhov and Leather sandals by Asher Levine.     Printed Cotton coat by Tim Coppens and Leather cap by Rod Keenan.     Leather hooded coat, printed Cotton shirt, and Cotton shorts by Rochambeau and Leather boots by Cole Haan.        Wool plaid cropped jacket suit by Richard Chai.      Leather biker jacket by Robert Geller and Cotton fishnet tank by Dominic Louis.      Cotton zippered shirt by Luar Zepol and Cotton pants by Mark McNairy.      Wool mandarin collar jacket and Drop-crotch pants by Siki Im.      Nylon puffer coat with faux fur front by Luar Zepol.      Cotton single-breasted suit by Jack Henry, Printed cotton shirt by Mark McNairy, Leather LunarGrand wingtip shoes by Cole Haan, and Felt wool hat by Rod Keenan.     Leather coat by Asher Levine and Wool pants by Robert Geller.     Wool and leather jacket and Wool cotton track pants by Lucio Castro.                   Grooming notes: M Protect Broad Spectrum SPF 21 Daily Hydration + protection and Age Defense Hydrator broad spectrum SPF 15 by Clinique Skin Supplies for Men. Bb. Thickening Dryspun Finish by Bumble and Bumble.     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Left to right: Leather anorak, cotton T-shirt, and brushed flannel pants by Opening Ceremony. Polyester snakeskin printed hooded jacket and cotton shirt by Puma and Denim jeans by Buffalo David Bitton.  Wool jacket, cotton button-down shirt, denim jeans, and leather boots by A.P.C.  Cotton sweater by Nike Track and Field, Cotton button-down shirt by Calvin Klein, and Denim jeans by Calvin Klein Jeans     Leather jacket with zipper and buckle detail and leather pants by Dsquared2.     Nylon coat, cotton button-down shirt, and cotton pants by Marc by Marc Jacobs.     Leather biker jacket by Schott NYC, Cotton tank by Calvin Klein, Khaki pants by Dockers, and Leather sneakers by Puma. Cotton sweater, cotton button-down shirt, and denim jeans by Boss Green and Canvas sneakers by Tretorn.      Left to right: Leather bomber by Pyrenex and Denim jeans by Calvin Klein Jeans. Cotton and rayon jacket, cotton button-down shirt, and cotton pants by Alexander Wang and Canvas shoes by Converse.  Pony hair jacket, cotton button-down shirt, cotton pants, and leather boots by Topman. Wool sweater and wool pants by Alexander Wang and leather and suede criss-cross sneakers by Alejandro Ingelmo.     Cotton button-down shirt, cotton pants, and leather shoes by Y-3 and Cotton socks by GoldToe.     Leather bomber with fur detail, cotton button-down shirt, and cotton pants by Boss Orange.     Left to right: Leather jacket, cotton button-down shirt, corduroy pants, cotton tie, and leather belt by Polo Ralph Lauren, Leather sneakers by Adidas by Jeremy Scott, and Sunglasses by Tom Ford.   Nylon ryder jacket by Mark McNairy new amsterdam, Cotton henley shirt and cotton sweatpants by Shades of Grey by micah cohen, and Leather boots by John Varvatos.  Shearling tie dyed coat by Jeremy Scott, Cotton floral print long sleeve track jacket and cotton floral print track pants by Adidas by Jeremy Scott, Canvas shoes by General Idea by Launching M., and Sunglasses by Tom Ford.  Right- Wool printed jacket and corduroy pants by Shades of Grey by Micah Cohen.                   Grooming: Stefano Greco for BryanBantry.com. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Denim shirt by DENIM & SUPPLY RALPH LAUREN. Vintage T-shirt. And leather pants by ALLSAINTS. From left to right: Wool chunky sweater by G-STAR wool open knit sweater by BLESS’ED Are The Meek and skinny ripped jeans by FRANKIE B. American flag sweater by BRANDY MELVILLE and denim jean shorts by LEVI’S. From left to right: jean jacket by LEVI’S and T-shirt and shorts by G-STAR, sweater by BEC&BRIDGE and jeans by J BRAND. Dress by HARLYN.    This Ain’t the Heaven’s Gate Sunday Social Kenneth  
        Featuring Haim.     
    Photographed by Magdalena Wosinska
 Stylist: Vanessa Geldbach
 Hair: Ashlee Rose
Makeup: Sandra Ganzer Beauty notes: Sheer focus tinted moisturizer broad spectrum SPF 15 by SMASHBOX COSMETICS. Diorblush in peachy keen and 5 couleurs eyeshadow in earth reflection and rosy tan by DIOR. And Lip color in nude vanille and pink dusk by TOM FORD BEAUTY. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Jacket and shoes by H&M, button-up shirt by AMERICAN APPAREL, pants with tuxedo stripe by LOUIS VUITTON, And socks by ANONYMOUS ISM.     Cotton ribbed tank by AMERICAN APPAREL, boxers by DIESEL, and socks by HUF.     Cotton henley by MERZ B. SCHWANEN, pants by LOUIS VUITTON, and socks by PSYCHO BUNNY.     Cotton ribbed tank by AMERICAN APPAREL, pants by LOUIS VUITTON, And socks by ANONYMOUS ISM.     Cotton ribbed tank by AMERICAN APPAREL, boxers by DIESEL, and socks by PSYCHO BUNNY.                  Those are the two big reasons that come to mind for choosing Ken as the model in this shoot illustrating the five stages of grief as depicted by a professional sock model. Also, John Witherspoon wasn’t available.—Bill Callahan DENIAL “Ich fühle mich gut.”; “Das kann nicht wahr sein, nicht für mich.”
Verweigerung ist in der Regel nur eine vorübergehende Verteidigung für den Einzelnen. Dieses Gefühl wird normalerweise durch das bewusste Wahrnehmen gegenüber Besitz und Mitmenschen, die nach dem Tod hinterlassen werden, ersetzt. Die Verweigerung kann eine bewusste oder unbewusste Ablehnung zur Akzeptanz der Fakten, Informationen oder der Realität einer Situation sein. Verweigerung ist ein Abwehrmechanismus und einige Menschen können in dieser Situation gefangen bleiben. ANGER “Warum ich? Es ist nicht gerecht”; “Wie kann mir das passieren”; “Wer ist daran schuld?”
In der zweiten Phase angekommen, erkennt das Individuum, dass die Verweigerung nicht fortgesetzt werden kann. Aufgrund des Zornes, ist es sehr schwierig sich um diese Person zu kümmern, da die Gefühle Wut und Neid außer Ordnung geraten sind. Wut kann sich in unterschiedlicher Weise manifestieren. Menschen können auf sich selbst, oder auf andere sauer sein, vor allem auf diejenigen, die ihnen nahe stehen.
Es ist wichtig, mit einer Person die Wut aus Trauer erlebt, mit Abstand und ohne Urteil umzugehen. BARGAINING “Ich werde alles tun um noch ein paar Jahre zu haben”; “Ich werde die Ersparnisse meines Lebens geben, wenn ...”
Die dritte Phase beinhaltet die Hoffnung, dass das Individuum den Tot irgendwie aufschieben oder verzögern kann. Üblicherweise wird die Verhandlung für ein verlängertes Leben, im Austausch für eine reformiertes Lebensstil mit einer höheren Macht abgeschlossen. Psychologisch sagt die Person: “Ich verstehe, dass ich sterben werde, aber wenn ich nur etwas tun könnte, um mir mehr Zeit zu kaufen ...” Menschen, die unter weniger schwerem Trauma leiden, sind in der Lage zu verhandeln oder einen besseren Ausgleich zu finden. Zum Beispiel: “Können wir noch Freunde sein?...” während einer Zertrennung. Bargaining bietet selten eine nachhaltige Lösung, vor allem wenn es sich um die Frage des Lebens oder Tods handelt. DEPRESSION “Ich bin so traurig, warum mich um etwas bemühen?” Ich werde bald sterben, was soll’s”; “Ich vermisse meine Liebste, wozu den weiter machen?”
Während der vierten Phase beginnt der Sterbende, die Gewissheit des Todes zu spüren. Aus diesem Grund könnte der Betreffende verstummen, Besucher verweigern und die meiste Zeit mit weinen und trauern zu verbringen. Dieser Prozess ermöglicht dem Sterbenden, sich von den Dingen, die er liebt und zugeneigt ist, zu trennen. Es ist nicht empfohlen, zu versuchen eine Person, die sich in dieser Phase befindet, aufzuheitern. Es ist eine wichtige Phase der Trauer, die verarbeitet werden muss. Depression kann als Generalprobe für die “Nachwehen” bezeichnet werden. Es ist eine Art von Akzeptanz mit emotionaler Bindung. Es ist normal, Trauer, Reue, Angst und Unsicherheit zu fühlen, wenn man durch diese Phase geht. Durch das Empfinden dieser Gefühle zeigt das die Person begonnen hat, die Situation zu akzeptieren. ACCEPTANCE “Es wird in Ordnung sein”; “Da Ich es nicht bestreiten kann, kann ich mich genauso gut darauf vorbereiten.”
In dieser letzten Phase, beginnt der Mensch, sich mit seiner Sterblichkeit, oder das eines geliebten Menschen oder mit anderen tragischen Ereignissen klar zu kommen. Diese Phase richtet sich nach der Entwicklung der Situation einer Person. Menschen die sterben, können viel früher diese Phase eintreten, als diejenigen, die sie hinterlassen, die dann selbst durch ihre eigenen Phasen des Umgangs mit Trauer gehen müssen.     Photographer:DAVIS FACTOR for artmixcreative.com.
Stylist: JIMI URQUIAGA for dgreps.com.
Hair: NYISHA RYLANDER.
Makeup: THEA ISTENES for eamgmt.com.
Photography Assistant: BRAD LANSIL.
Styling Assistant: CHRISTINE ALON. Grooming notes: All product by SMASHBOX COSMETICS. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Isis, limited edition in Åsa Jungnelius Kosta Boda glass bottle by Agonist. Manriki-gusari from Dragon Spring, Reno.     Pour Homme by Bottega Veneta and Fleur de Chine Eau de Parfum by Tom Ford. Spearpoint ‘Savanna’ pocket knife in 24K gold koftgari, fossil Woolly Mammoth tooth, diamonds, and ‘wave’ damascus steel blade by William Henry.     Eau Mohéli Eau de Toilette by Diptyque and coal Eau de Parfum by Andrea Maack. Persian ‘Devonian’ pocket knife in titanium, inlaid with fossil Woolly Mammoth tooth, spessartite gemstones, and ‘copper wave’ damascus steel blade by William Henry.     Le Parfum Eau de Parfum Intense by Elie Saab and L’Eau d’Issey Absolue by Issey Miyake. Throwing stars from Dragon Spring.     Oil Fiction, limited edition by Juliette has a gun. Spears from Dragon Spring.     Sailor Couple Classique x L’Eau Limited Editions by Jean Paul Gaultier. Ventana ‘Azure’ pocket knife in nickel silver, paves of blue sapphires, and a damascus steel blade by William Henry and caltrops from Dragon Spring.                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Inakaya East denim pants by G-Star and leather high boots by Marc Jacobs.     Paneled denim skinny jeans by Topman, Leather high top sneakers by United Nude, and Studded calf leather hat by Marc Jacobs.     Skinny fit Japanese denim jeans by Hugo, Pony hair ankle boots by Marc Jacobs, and cow skin belt by Boss.     Tyler clean slim zipper fly jeans by J Brand, perforated leather shoes by Emporio Armani, leather belt by Guess, cotton hat by Buffalo David Bitton, and leather gloves by Giorgio Armani.     Low rise jeans by Carhartt + A.P.C., leather boots with shearling detail by Dsquared2, leather belt by Guess, and calf leather hat by Marc Jacobs.     Booker fit 505 jeans by Levi’s, leather ankle boots by Kenneth Cole, leather belt by Diesel, and optical glasses by Gucci.     Denim 50s jeans by AG Adriano Goldschmied, leather sneakers by Ben Sherman, and belt and wool hat by Buffalo David Bitton.                  Grooming Notes: Cool Moisture Body Lotion by Jack Black and Regenerative Anti-Aging Moisturizer SPF 20 by Algenist. Full Thickening Cream by Living Proof. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017     Lamb leather double-breasted coat and lamb leather pants by Bottega Veneta.         Cotton jacket and pants by Prada, Cotton long sleeve shirt by Dolce & Gabbana, and Leather belt by Giorgio Armani.         Wool pants by Tom Ford.         Lamb leather jacket with wool interfacing and cotton pants by Lanvin, Cotton long sleeve shirt by Valentino, and Silk tie by Dior Homme.         Silk printed robe by Dries Van Noten and Silk lace briefs by Versace.           Polyester/wool zipper front jacket, wool turtleneck shirt, and polyester/wool pants by Dior Homme.         Sheared mink long coat by Giorgio Armani and Calfskin leather pants by Hermès.                   Grooming notes: ClarinsMen Super Moisture Balm and ClarinsMen Revitalizing Gel by Clarins Paris and Industrial Strength Hand Healer and Cool Moisture Body Lotion by Jack Black. Bb. Thickening Crème Contour and Bb. Thickening Hairspray by Bumble and Bumble. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Embroidered cocktail Dress by Falguni and Shane Peacock.     Brocade dress by Falguni and Shane Peacock and Horn headdress by Miss G Designs.     Lace dress by Philip Armstrong and Horn headdress by Miss G Designs.                  Photographer: Gitte Meldgaard at GittePhoto.com.
Stylist: Laura Duncan for Lauraduncanart.com.
Hair: Jarrett Iovinella for TheMagnetAgency.com.
Makeup: Donald Simrock for MargaretMaldonado.com. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   From Left to Right: Skinny Jeans by T by Alexander Wang and Leather Belt by Louis Vuitton. Wool Pinstripe Double-Breasted Suit with Silk Piping and Wool Polo with Silk Velvet Collar by Giorgio Armani.     From Left to Right: Reversed Shearling Coat with Fur Hood, Denim Jeans, Leather Belt, and Leather Shoes by Louis Vuitton. Jake White Edge Denim Jeans by Mavi, Printed Leather High-Tops by Christian Louboutin, Leather Belt by Kenneth Cole New York, and Leather Gloves by Giorgio Armani.     From Left to Right: Polyester/Nylon Jacket with Front Pocket, Cotton Long Sleeve Button-down Shirt, Polyester/Nylon Wrap Skirt, and Cotton Tie by Thom Browne. Pony Hair Sleeveless Tunic, Cotton Denim Jeans, and Fur Gloves by Rick Owens.     From Left to Right: Printed Cotton Double-Breasted Suit Jacket with Fringe Detail, Cotton Striped Shirt, and Wool Jogging Trousers by Comme Des GarçOns Homme Plus. Straight Leg Denim Jeans by Calvin Klein Jeans.     Denim Wool Single-Breasted Jacket, Cotton Long Sleeve Button-down Shirt, and Denim Wool Drawstring Pants by Sacai.     From Left to Right: Wool Double-Breasted Coat, Cotton Shirt, and Wool Slim Pants by Givenchy. J130 Skinny Low Rise Denim Jeans and Leather Belt by a/X Armani Exchange.     From Left to Right:  Polyester Horizontal Striped Short Sleeve Shirt, Cotton Button-down Shirt, Wool Trousers, Wool Leather Boots, and Arm Warmers by Raf Simons. Tepphar Stretch Denim by Diesel and Leather High Top Sneakers by Dsquared2.     From Left to Right: Zipper Wool Short Coat and Leather Pants by Bottega Veneta and Optical Glasses by Gucci. Safado Straight Leg Denim Jeans by Diesel and Leather Belt by Sandast.     From Left to Right: Cashmere Double-Breasted Long Coat, Cotton and Lace Tank, and Briefs by Versace. Printed Cotton Denim Jeans by Versace.     From Left to Right: Kane Zipper Fly Slim Straight Leg Denim Jeans by J Brand. Beaver Fur Coat, Jacquard Cotton Single-Breasted Suit, and Cotton Long Sleeve Button-down Shirt by Fendi.     Wool Double-Breasted Jacket, Cotton Long Sleeve Button-down Shirt, and Unwashed Denim Jeans by Junya Watanabe Man and Leather and Wool Sneakers by Christian Louboutin.     From Left to Right: Denim Jeans with Leather Detail by Ralph Lauren Black Label Denim and Burnished Leather Weapon High-Top Sneakers by Star U.S.a Converse John Varvatos. Shearling and Wool Plaid Bomber Jacket with Extended Wool Collar and Wool Trousers by Tom Ford and Leather Viller Mountain Boots by Bally.     From Left to Right: Stinson Selvedge Japanese Denim Jeans by Simon Miller and Leather Belt by Sandast. Wool Checkerboard Printed Coat, Cotton Button-down Long Sleeve Shirt, and Wool Sweater by Prada.     From Left to Right: Weird Guy Low Rise Tapered Leg Japanese Selvedge Denim by Naked & Famous and Leather Belt by John Varvatos. Patent Leather Trenchcoat and Wool Mock Neck by Dior Homme.                  Grooming Notes: Eau D'Orange Verte Perfumed Body Lotion by Hermès and Oil Free Facial Lotion SPF 15 and Vitamin C Facial Serum by Anthony Logistics for Men. Volumizing Tonic with Aloe by Aveda. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Wool Bar pantsuit, Leather heels, and Silk stain bow by Dior. Nylon tracksuit by Nike.      Silk satin short-sleeve micro dress by Prada.     Double layered silk chiffon dress and Leather heels by Chanel.     Suede safari belted dress and Wool felt hat by Saint Laurent.      Silk organza pullover with leather trims and Lamb leather slip dress by Valentino.     Lamb leather biker jacket, Lamb leather skirt, and Leather heels by Tom Ford. Nylon tracksuit by Nike.      Cotton linen suit and cotton shirt by Hermès. Nylon tracksuit by Nike.      Silk satin slip dress by Céline.      Silk satin print dress and leather heels by Louis Vuitton. Nylon tracksuit by Nike.     Printed silk dress by Fendi.     Wool knit sweater, Silk floral skirt, and Cotton floral bra by Bottega Veneta.     Silk satin dress with side slits by Lanvin.      Silk satin cropped bolero, silk satin corset and silk satin hot shorts by Burberry Prorsum.     Wool and satin dress and leather shoes by Comme des Garçons.                   Beauty notes:  Diorskin Nude Liquid Foundation in Linen and Light Beige, 5 Couleurs Chérie Bow in Charming Pink, 5 Coulerus Eyeshadow Palette in Rosy Tan and Couture Gold, Dior Addict Extreme Lipstick in Cruise, Saint Tropez and Riviera, and Dior Vernis in Blazing Pink and Bikini by Dior. Phytolisse Finishing Serum, Phytodefrisant Botanical Hair Relaxing Balm, and PhytoSpecific Moisturizing Styling Cream by Phyto.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Silk satin cropped top, silk satin micro-skirt, and leather contrast pointed heels by Louis Vuitton.     Silk satin cropped top, silk sat Tropical wool ‘Bar’ jacket-dress with pleats and side embroideries by Dior.     Wool twisted collar sleeveless top and silk satin low slung pants by Céline.         Swool strapless dress with organza silk overlay and patent leather heels by Dior.     Silk-rayon cape, silk-rayon Bohemian gown, felt hat, and pendant chain necklace by Saint Laurent.        Tweed and silk dress with pearls embroideries and leather heels by Chanel.     Cotton muslin dress by Comme des Garçons     Strapless silk satin micro-dress, heels, and bracelets by Lanvin.     Metallic silk sleeveless jacket, cotton plaid shirt, printed silk skirt, and leather heels by Dries Van Noten.      Silk satin hand-painted floral origami jacket, cotton bra, and silk satin origami skirt by Prada.      Silk zippered hooded dress and leather heels by Tom Ford.     Silk satin hand painted floral coat, cotton bra, shorts, leather socks, and satin sandals with bow by Prada.      Silk embroidered dress by Bottega Veneta.                  Beauty Notes: Poudre Tissée in Brompton Road, Les Tissages de Chanel Blush Duo in Tweed Pink, Regard Signé de Chanel Quadra EyeShadow. Rouge Allure Luminous Intense Lip Colour in Extatique and Gracile, and Le Vernis Nail Colour in Frisson by Chanel. Elixir Ultime Oléo-Complexe Oil, Lumière Liquide Luminous Perfecting Essence and Spray Volumactif Volume extension spray by Kérastase Paris. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Silk crêpe long coat, silk crêpe vest, silk crêpe and leather pants, and leather boots by Rad Hourani Haute Couture Unisex #10.      Silk crêpe long jacket, silk crêpe vest, silk crêpe pants, and leather sandals; silk crêpe jacket, silk crêpe long vest, silk crêpe pants, and leather sandals; long coat, silk crêpe vest, silk crêpe and leather pants, and leather boots by Rad Hourani Haute Couture Unisex #10.     Silk crêpe jacket and pants long coat, silk crêpe vest, silk crêpe and leather pants, and leather boots by Rad Hourani Haute Couture Unisex #10.     Leather jacket, silk crêpe and leather vest, silk crêpe and leather pants and leather boots long coat, silk crêpe vest, silk crêpe and leather pants, and leather boots by Rad Hourani Haute Couture Unisex #10.     Silk crêpe sleeveless tank, silk crêpe pants and leather boots long coat, silk crêpe vest, silk crêpe and leather pants, and leather boots by Rad Hourani Haute Couture Unisex #10.     Silk crêpe jacket, leather tank and silk crêpe and leather pants long coat, silk crêpe vest, silk crêpe and leather pants, and leather boots by Rad Hourani Haute Couture Unisex #10.     Silk crêpe sleeveless short and long jacket and leather pants; silk crêpe jacket, shirt and pants and leather sandals long coat, silk crêpe vest, silk crêpe and leather pants, and leather boots by Rad Hourani Haute Couture Unisex #10.                  Beauty Notes: Studio Fix Powder Plus Foundation in NC35, All Woman Eye Shadow X4 in Flawless and Black Magique, Evil Eye Eye Shadow X4 in Moody, Eye Shadow in Nehru and Carbon, Viva Glam Nicki Lipstick, Pro Lip Palette 6 in Preferred Pinks, and Nail Lacquer in Russian and Shirelle by M.A.C Cosmetics. Grooming Notes: Create Character Texturing Spray, Flowing Form Smoothing Balm, and Natural Volume Styling Mousse by Wella Professionals.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Bodysuit and Leather dress by Saint Laurent by Hedi Slimane, Shoes by Dior, Parentesi Openwork earrings by Bulgari, Black and white diamond ring by Le Vian, and Black, brown, and white diamond ball ring by Demarco.     From front left to right: checkered Wool Vichy coat with chinchilla fur cuffs and suede belt by Prada and 18K white gold diamond earrings by Katerina Maxine. ‘why not’ velvet coat with fox fur by Thomas Wylde. coat and skirt by miu miu, Harlow boots by Jason Wu, and vintage diamond earclips. fox fur Coat by mathieu mirano, Shoes by Rupert Sanderson, and Tights by Wolford. Bone chevron mink and fox belted coat and stand collar shirt dress by Jason Wu and diamond circle earrings by Doves by doron paloma. wool and persian lamb Coat by miu miu and tights by wolford.     Irid crêpe dress, metal and fabric necklace, and metal and fabric bracelets by Chanel and enamel bracelet in 18K gold by David Webb available at Beladora.com.     Jumpsuit with fluid satin pants and tulle net top with embroidered wing design of sequins, montana crystals, and emu feathers on the sleeves by Gucci, Vintage diamond earclips in platinum available at Beladora.com, Serpenti bracelet in white gold with pave diamonds and Spiga bracelet in white gold and diamonds by Bulgari, and White gold diamond ring by Carrera y Carrera.     Wool and cashmere knit top and Wool and cashmere knit skirt by Dior.     Vinyl gown by Versace, Carnet Diamond Fan earrings in Silver and Platinum available at Beladora.Com, Bracelet Serpenti in white gold and diamonds by Bulgari, and Yellow and White Diamonds on 18K White Gold Ring by Demarco.     Silk blend bell-sleeved dress, wedge sandals, and gold filigree earrings by Dolce & Gabbana and Gold-tone vintage necklace by The Garland Collection.           Las Vegas embroidered gown with burnt peacock feathers by Tom Ford, Serpenti rings in white gold and diamonds by Bulgari.     Silk ombre Prince of Wales double-breasted jacket with peplum detail and extrafine merino high neck top with python detail by Gucci and Pasha 18k diamond earrings by Cartier available at Beladora.com.     From left to right: one-sleeve gown by Versace and Bellari diamond and black onyx ring in 18K available at Beladora.com. Bustier jacquard dress woven with butterfly shadows  by Lanvin, Serpenti necklace in white gold with diamonds by Bulgari, Diamond bracelet in 18K available at Beladora.com and Diamond ring by Carrera y Carrera. Smoking jacket and leather leggings by Helmut Lang available at Madison, L.A. leather jacket and pants by Blumarine and white diamonds set in black rhodium choker. Silk ombre Prince of Wales double-breasted jacket with peplum detail, extrafine merino high neck top with python detail, and silk Pied de poule ombre pants by Gucci and Pasha 18k diamond earrings by Cartier available at Beladora.com.     Double face Shetland coat by Louis Vuitton and Allegra yellow gold 3 band ring with cabochon cut peridot, oval cut pink tourmaline, emerald cut citrine quartz, round cabochon cut blue topaz, and pave diamonds, B.Zero1 pink gold and diamond ring, Serpenti ring in pink gold with rubellite and pave diamonds, Bulgari ring in yellow gild with diamonds, and Serpenti ring in pink gold with pave diamonds by Bulgari.     Enchante demi bra in Chantilly lace with tulle lining and matching garter and Le Fleur thong in Chantilly lace by Kiki de Montparnasse, 18k Diamond earrings by Loree Rodkin, 18k Diamond bracelet by Buccellati, and 18k Diamond ring. Etoile crochet bralette and matching high waist panties by Kiki de Montparnasse, 18k rose gold and diamond earrings by Doves by Doron Paloma, and Serpenti bracelet in white gold and diamonds by Bulgari.      Etoile crochet bralette and matching high waist panties by Kiki de Montparnasse, Stay up stockings by Wolford, 18k rose gold and diamond earrings by Doves by Doron Paloma, and Serpenti bracelet in white gold and diamonds by Bulgari.     Enchante demi bra in Chantilly lace with tulle lining and matching garter and Le Fleur thong in Chantilly lace by Kiki de Montparnasse and 18k Diamond earrings by Loree Rodkin.                  Beauty Notes: N° 28 Lip Treatment Oil, Ambient Lighting Palette, and Opaque Rouge Liquid Lipstick by Hourglass and photo finish foundation primer and always sharp waterproof kohl liner by Smashbox Cosmetics. Huile Secret de Beauté, Mousse au Lotus Volumatrice, and Serum de Soie Sublimateur by Leonor Greyl.    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Silk buchesse bomber jacket and silk buchesse printed knee-length skirt by Thakoon.      Cotton techno twill ruffle collared shirt jacket and skirt by Marc Jacobs.     Cotton techno twill striped short jacket and skirt by Marc Jacobs. zip-up hoodie by adidas.     Silk bra top, silk dress, and snakeskin pumps by Calvin Klein Collection.       Cotton striped jacket and hot shorts by Michael Kors.     Fan embroidered wool jacket, fan embroidered wool top, and stretch cotton twill and leather boots by Altuzarra.  hoodie by the north face.                   Beauty Notes: Diorskin Nude Natural Glow Foundation SPF 15 in Sand, Diorblush Glowing Color Powder Blush in Vintage Pink, 3 Couleurs Luminous Graphic Eye Palette in Ivory Glow, Diorshow Brow Styler in Black, Rouge Dior Nude Swan, and Vernis in Nude Grege by Dior. Essence Absolue Nourishing Protective Oil and Satin Design White Tea Polishing Milk by Shu Uemura Art of Hair. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Robe by Yohji Yamamoto and Suit by Z Zegna.      Sweater by Raf Simons, Vintage shirt and Sarong Stylist’s own, Sneakers by Calvin Klein Collection, Belt by Dior Homme, and Sarong by Marc Anthony George.     Vest by Ralph Lauren Denim & Supply, Vintage t-shirt from Search & Destroy, N.Y., Socks by Champion, Sneakers by Calvin Klein Collection, Belt by Dior Homme, and Sarong Stylist’s own.      Coat by Louis Vuitton and Sweatshirt by Ralph Lauren Denim & Supply.     Jacket by Saint Laurent, Shirt by Duckie Brown, and Pants by Vivienne Westwood MAN.      Robe by Etro and T-shirt and Pants by Jil Sander.     Coat by Louis Vuitton, Sweatshirt by Ralph Lauren Denim & Supply, Socks by Champion, and Sneakers by Calvin Klein Collection.      Coat by Jil Sander, Socks by Champion, and Sneakers by Calvin Klein Collection.                  Grooming Notes: Progenius Treatment Oil and Radiant Day Moisturiser Omega 6 By Nude and Lip Moisturizer and Sage Styling Cream By Malin + Goetz. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Wool-cotton mix ‘The North’ Jacket and pants and hand cobbled one-of-a-kind shoes by Made Worn.     Cotton, wool, and hemp ‘The Abatis’ jacket and pants and hand cobbled one-of-a-kind shoes by Made Worn.     From left to right: wool-cotton mix ‘The North’ jacket and pants and hand cobbled one-of-a-kind shoes by Made Worn. wool-cotton mix ‘The North’ pants with suspenders and hand cobbled one-of-a-kind shoes by Made Worn.     Wool-cotton mix ‘The North’ jacket and pants and hand cobbled one-of-a-kind shoes by Made Worn.     Cotton ‘The Quaker’ jacket and pants and hand cobbled one-of-a-kind shoes by Made Worn.     From left to right: ‘The Peasant’ dress and hand cobbled one-of-a-kind shoes by Made Worn. Cotton ‘The Quaker’ jacket and pants, ‘The Yankee’ Vest, and hand cobbled one-of-a-kind shoes by Made Worn.                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Dufresne overalls in Norton wash by Neuw. Dufresne overalls in Norton wash by Neuw. Denim shirt by G-Star. Men’s jeans by Jacob Davis. Denim Jacket by Better In Blue. Denim shirt and denim jeans by G-Star and leather belt by Sandast. Denim vest by G-Star and jeans by Kill City. Studded Jeans and Bandana by Better in Blue.    This Frontierswoman Knows Dear the Power of a Sunbath  
        Featuring Carré Otis     Photographer : Tony Duran.
 Model : Carré Otis.
 Hair & Makeup : Kela Wong for OpusBeauty.com using Armani Beauty, Sally Hansen Products on body, and Chi/Biosilk on hair.
 Photography Assistant : Justin Schwan. Beauty Notes: Airbrush shimmer by Sally Hansen and Luminous silk foundation and Rouge d’Armani lipstick in 410 by Armani Beauty. Twisted fabric by Chi and Smoothing balm by Biosilk. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Wool double-breasted long coat, cotton shirt, and wool pants by Lanvin.       Gordon Trotter     Mike Bunce     Nick Lawler     Ryan Borowsky     Connor Miller     Richard Brierley      Cotton jacket, virgin wool shirt, cotton pants, leather belt, and leather shoes by Boss Selection.      Herringbone mohair blazer, cashmere knit pullover, and leather harness belt by Michael Kors.      Herringbone mohair blazer, cashmere knit pullover, and leather harness belt by Michael Kors.      Cotton printed jacket and cotton printed button-down shirt by Kenzo.     Wool three-button jacket and wool trousers by Giorgio Armani and Leather shoes by Boss Selection.     Wool three-button jacket and wool trousers by Giorgio Armani and Leather shoes by Boss Selection.     Cashmere cable trench, cashmere turtleneck, wool pants, and leather shoes with buckle detail by Ralph Lauren.     Cotton printed blazer, Cotton button-down shirt with high collar, and cotton pants by Dries Van Noten.     Silk stretch jacket, light silk rib long sleeve cardigan, and silk scarf by Gucci.     Wool double-breasted jacket, wool vest, cotton shirt, cotton turtleneck, and wool pants by Prada. Wool single-breasted jacket, wool vest, cotton shirt, cotton turtleneck and wool pants by Prada.      Cotton and velvet notch lapel cut away jacket and cotton and velvet pants by John Varvatos.                 Oil-Free Facial Moisturizer SPF 15 and Glycerin Hand & Body Lotion by Anthony Logistics for Men.  Grooming crème and Sumotech molding compound by Bumble and Bumble. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Red fox fur coat by TOM FORD. Cotton tye-dyed hat by JUST DON. Sunglasses by VERSACE. Leather and pony hair coat by VALENTINO. Leather pants artist’s own, and printed calf-skinned leather Chelsea boots by BURBERRY PRORSUM. Astrakhan coat with zipper details by VERSACE, jeans and Trinidad Flag bandana Talent’s own, and patent leather Air Force 1 sneakers by Nike. Red Fox fur coat by TOM FORD. Jeans Talent’s own, leather sneakers by GIVENCHY, cotton tie-dye by JUST DON, and sunglasses by VERSACE. Lamb leather puff jacket and argyle wool printed sleeveless sweater by GIVENCHY, leather hat by HEIRS, sunglasses by VERSACE, Calibre de Cartier chronograph watch in 18k yellow gold by CARTIER. Leather and rabbit fur coat by VALENTINO, leather pants Artists own, leather belt by VERSACE, and sunglasses by Red Ant. Mink fur coat and leather ankle boots by GIORGIO ARMANI, leather pants talent’s own, leather belt by VERSACE, and sunglasses by RED ANT.    You Call That A Knife  
        Featuring Trinidad James 
Photographed by Phil Knott.      
    Grooming Notes: Volumizing silk mist and silk nectar serum by ECRU. Photographer: Phil Knott at philknott.com.
Style Director: Long Nguyen.
Assistant Fashion Editor: Zaquan Champ.
Groomer: Q for hardyimagegroup.com.
Location: wnewyorkdowntown.com. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Silk strapless dress with leather chest and hip belt and Leather gloves by Dior Haute Couture Fall-Winter 2013.     Zhang Huan. “Speaker,” (2007). Wood Cut and Mixed Media. 54 x 136 inches.  Courtesy Zhang Huan Studio, Shanghai.     Silk satin short sheath dress with chiffon overlay and embroidered shoe motif by Dior fall-winter 2013. Qui Zhijie. “One Sentence, Sixteen Places,” (2012). Video Installation on 16 LCD Screens.     Zhang Huan photographed at his studio in Songjiang District, Shanghai, September 2013. Zhang Huan. “Calligraphy Dictionary No.2 ‘Country’,” (2013). 60 x 79 inches. Oil on canvas. Courtesy Zhang Huan Studio, Shanghai.     Zhang Huan. “Culture Minister,” (2007). Ash, steel, and wood. 201 x 173 x 103 inches.  Courtesy Zhang Huan Studio, Shanghai. Zhang Huan. “Q Confucius No. 2,” (2011). Silicone, steel, carbon fiber, and arcylic. 150 x 386 x 260 inches. Courtesy Zhang Huan Studio, Shanghai. Zhang Fanzhi. “Christian Dior,” (2012). Oil on canvas. 59 x 39 inches.     Tailleur atelier and Maroquinerie atelier live techniques demonstrations at MOCA, Shanghai. Lin Tianmao. “Procedure,” (2012). Silk threads and stainless stands. Dimensions variable. Layered taffeta and tulle Victoire dress with corset by Dior Haute Couture Fall-Winter 2005.       Zheng Guogu. “To Oxidize 2000 Years – Dior.” (2008) Bronze Installation. Dimensions Variable.     Satin duchesses coat with Sterling Ruby shadow print and Satin duchesses strapless dress with Sterling Ruby shadow print by Dior Haute Couture Fall-Winter 2012.     Wool Bar jacket and wool skirt Corolle line by Dior Haute Couture Spring-Summer 1947. Liu Jianhua. “Untitled 2012,” (2012). Porcelain. Dimensions variable.     right: Liu Jianhua photographed at his studio in Putuo District, Shanghai, September 2013. Liu Jianhua. “Trace,” (2011). Porcelain. Dimensions variable.     Yan Pei-ming photographed at MOCA, Shanghai, September 2013. Yan Pei-ming. “Mr. Christian Dior,” (2011). Oil on canvas. 72 x 47 inches.     Liu Jianhua. “Obsessive Memories,” (2002). Porcelain. Dimensions variable. Liu Jianhua. “Merriment,” (2002-2008). Porcelain. Dimensions variable. Liu Jianhua. “Merriment,” (1999-2001). Porcelain. 30 x 6 inches. Silk satin strapless dress with print and embroidered floral motif by Dior fall-winter 2013.                   Next to them, a circular pond with giant green lotus leaves rising high above the muddy water, where three men crowd around four others seated at a square wooden table. They are in the midst of betting on a game of cricket fighting qiu xing, a traditional game since the Tang Dynasty. Fenced off by a rectangular box, two black crickets battle on a corner while two of the men use hay sticks to provoke them by tickling their sides. Nearby, on the glass wall of Shanghai’s Museum of Contemporary Art (a former People’s Park greenhouse remodeled by atelier Liu Yugang Architects in 2005) is a five-meter-tall black and white billboard of the iconic model Sasha Pivovarova wearing a Christian Dior spring/summer 1948 haute couture Aventure ensemble, flared back checkered jacket with large folded sleeve. The billboard towers over the men as excitement gathers from the match. Covered in a black suede glove, Ms. Pivovarova’s right hand reaches out, unconsciously executing a basic taijiquan’s push hand maneuver. “Haute couture gowns possess the unique quality of an objet d’art,” French curator Florence Müller says as she points to an array of framed original sketches by Christian Dior. “Art and fashion starts in the drawings as artists and designers often initiate projects and collections with drawings. Mr. Dior was first an illustrator before becoming a fashion designer.” The sketches include a black crayon outline of the Champs-Élysées model based on the Envol line from the first spring/summer 1947 collection. The Esprit Dior exhibition at Shanghai MOCA showcased the global idea of Dior and its evolution since the founding of the house in February of 1947, in nine themed rooms delineating the house’s legacy. “Based [on] the idea of the architectural curves and femininity, Dior constructed a silhouette around the bra, waist, and hip,” Müller says of the original 1947 Bar jacket in white, flare hip jacket, and long black skirt. A sequence of mannequins illustrate Dior’s history from a 1954 charcoal classic skirt-suit to a 1961 Yves Saint Laurent tweed coat, a 2007 John Galliano black wool jet bead embroidered skirt suit, and a 2012 Raf Simons reinterpretation of the red 1948 Arizona coat in a longer length and a metal belt done for women today. A pivot for much of today’s luxury business models, Dior built a gestation of perfumes and accessories in tandem with fashion. Miss Dior perfume debuted in 1947 and Roger Vivier and Salvatore Ferragamo created the souliers in 1953. Victor Grandpierre designed the boxes of Miss Dior rouge lipsticks in 1950 to match the colors of the dresses. Interspersed among the clothes are the true hidden highlights of the exhibition: the works of Chinese artists inspired by what Dior meant to them. A Christian Bérard-inspired Marya Markina strapless cream hand painted pink triple organza dress from fall/winter 2007 stands in front of an oil on canvas portrait of Dior by Zeng Fanzhi. Zheng Guogu’s To Oxidize 200 Years–Dior, metallic renderings of the iconic fragrance bottles, shares the gallery of toile Bar jackets and suits. Liu Jianhua’s 3,000 teardrop glass bottles float above the Athena gold dress from 1951 (featured in a recent J’adore advertisement). Lin Tianmao’s partial animal sculpture—using the actual atelier scissors and wooden measuring tape and wrapped in gold silk threads—soars in mid-air above a first assistant from the Dior tailleur atelier demonstrating the art of handmade cutting and sewing a shoulder of a jacket as his other hand presses a red leather Lady Dior purse. “Mr. Dior started as a gallery owner from 1923 to 1930 when a global economic crisis forced him to stop,” says Müller. “He started to do illustrations, first for magazines and then for fashion houses, at the time that would buy design drawings to produce clothes. The collaboration of Dior and Chinese artists is a continuation of a story that started over a decade ago, culminating in the late 2008 exhibition at Ullens Center for Contemporary Art in Beijing.” Since the liberalization of the economy, and the slow shedding of epic carapace of rigid and monopolistic control on visual content over two decades ago, China has witnessed a sprout of a vibrant modern art scene growing from the long shadow of centrally guided propaganda imagery, with public billboards and posters extolling the virtues of socialism in every walk of life. “Let a Hundred Flowers Bloom,” was the short-lived campaign in the spring of 1956, created to significantly ease totalitarian control of expressions in culture, art, and literature. Seems a distant past now, considering that prominent Chinese artists have defined a new role for art in their country. A leap forward has transformed China into a hybrid society where new values and old traditions coexist, especially in the mood of new Chinese art. “By their chosen medium and their ideas, these Chinese artists are connected to the haute couture spirit as they worked between past and present, between tradition and innovation,” the curator says. “Their art has double content, touching on the past but with a vision for today as they make connections with the contemporary world offering critiques of the world we live. Zheng Guogo used indestructible metallic fragrance bottles to fight against time and against the transient icons of commodity culture. Zhang Huan used ash from temples as paint and Liu Jianhua employed Song dynasty techniques to fashion his porcelain sculptures.” Just off highway G15 in the Songjiang industrial zone, Zhang Huan’s compound resembles a gated manufacturing facility next to a printing plant, more than an artist studio. A parking lot doubles as a full basketball court in the seven building compound. The first houses a series of the silhouettes of Chairman Mao sitting with people around him, made from dried lotus seeds, shells, leaves, Chinese medicine ingredients, and grass. Within the complex, a trolley on train tracks moves raw materials for art production and transportation between the neighboring buildings. Three passenger train cars recovered from the May 2008 Sichuan earthquake sit idle on the side of a gallery, incense burning in a corner. In an adjacent building, Communist revolutionary war images from the ’30s inspired the carvings on old thick wooden door frames—one of which features young soldiers mixed with enlarged paste black and white photo—resting next to a white General Electric washer and dryer.     Zhang Huan “I left behind all the art books when I left Shanghai for New York in the late ’90s and as I returned in 2005, I found a book called The Dictionary of China’s Calligraphy. The book exposed the many different ways of writing the word zhong or ‘center’ in various classical calligraphy styles. I took that as my inspiration,” Zhang Huan explains, while standing in front of a black oil canvas. Raised in a small village in Anyang, Henan, Zhang Huan began creating performance art, using his own body as canvas. Local photographers, from a short-lived community in Beijing East Village, documented those performances. For the piece “Family Tree” (2000), calligraphers wrote on Huan’s face until it was completely painted black. “About seven to eight years ago, I found an ash holder in a Shanghai temple. I saw so many people burning incense and put them in the holder. At the time I wondered and asked myself, ‘What is it that brings all the people here?’ They were all outside of the Buddhist temple for more than five hours. ‘What are they doing? What drove them here?’ I walked over to the ash holder where the incense was burning; I realized the materials I needed for my artwork,” Zhang notes on his decision to adopt different materials. “In China, the fashion has just started to bloom and there are so many fashion designers and artists [who] are drawn and inspired by Dior. Fashion and art are all the same; fashion is part of everyday life and art is in museum for appreciation. In galleries there’s a chair but a chair can be viewed as sculpture as well as just a chair to sit.” Despite having lived abroad, Huang appreciates Chinese culture and the embraces of Buddhism. “Buddhism, first the spirit and cause, is important for me, especially Tibetan Buddhism,” he explains of his large-scale sculptures and paintings of the Buddha.     Yan Pei-ming How has Chinese art changed within the last two decades? Yan Pei-Ming has a theory: “In the beginning there is nothing. Recently there has been a race to catch up as fast as possible. The economic opening here has also created an opening of the mind. Slowly people began to be interested in art and artists begin to do different types of art,” he explains from the terrace of the MoCA. Born in Shanghai and raised in the tumultuous years of the Cultural Revolution, Yan Pei-Ming immigrated to France in 1980 to study at the École des Beaux-Arts. Using big brushes that spread thick and rapid strokes across canvas into monochromatic colors—bold black and white or white and red—Yan painted large size portraits of figures like Mao, Bruce Lee, Buddha and unknowns, a prostitute or a corpse, that play on chiaroscuro effects of abstractions, the subject coming to focus from a distance. “For me the human figure and person [are] very important. Art is a mirror that reflects our times and our society.” “Because I live in France, I am like a tourist here even though I come very often. Culture here is about the culture of consumption, and in this environment, art is like an alibi. For some people art became a means to accelerate forward,” Yan says of the current vein linking art and luxury products in China. “Art is like buying a handbag for many here.” Yan’s portrayal of human beings in a spontaneous physical manner reveals the deeds or misdeeds that reside in all of us. “Western art is more about individuals who express themselves. In China there is no emphasis on this individual role in art and it would be impossible to have someone like Van Gogh or Manet because they are individuals that played a large role in defining their epoch.” When I ask him about the commodity culture now taking hold in China, Yan mentions that even artists have become consumers. The painter muses on the enduring fashion heritage: “[Christian] Dior worked on fundamental forms and very strong basic colors. After many years his work is relevant because it was never about trendy fashion where there is always a game of catching up. Even the most experimental art has a base in traditional techniques and structures. Dior was an artist who eschewed the ephemeral.”     Liu Jianhua “It is important for me to use the history of Chinese culture, like the old porcelain techniques, to create my work. China has a lot of history in philosophy and literature. More than just copying, history is moved forward to the present, incorporating the history with the contemporary mind set,” Liu Jianhua explains of his primary use of traditional porcelain in his studio at a former factory park in the Putuo District. “Porcelain is very interesting and mysterious because, after 1000 degrees, the ceramic material can transform in a way that people couldn’t imagine. Few artists use ceramic because it is a common material,” he adds, pointing to a wall of blue-sky celadon plates using the same techniques from the longquan fabricants from the Northern Song era. “Today, Chinese artists combine western art approach with the peak of Chinese art and ethics especially from the Zhou Dynasty.” Liu’s Discordant sculptures of headless female nudes from 1994, with Sun Yatsen jackets and military uniforms, offer a first view on the cultural impact of economic changes in China that creates dissymmetry between allegiances to traditions and to changes. The “Youthful Times” and “Obsessive Memory” series challenge Westerners’ distortions of Chinese-ness by blindly fetishizing the cheongsam as sole representative of Chinese culture. “I used a gold material for the 3,000 J’adore bottles. The name Dior, in the word ‘or’ in French means gold, and this was why I chose gold to match the theme. The word gold means to advocate human’s desires in all aspects, negative and positive. Gold is glamorous, luxurious, and magical. I wanted to present gold in a beautiful way and what it is like in the dark side,” he remarks, on the genesis of the 3,000 J’adore bottles at MoCA. Fashion, like art, affects how people think and live. “Look at the state of fashion in local magazines and you can measure how developed a society actually is,” Yan muses. Perhaps one could say the same for art. The heart of 21st century Chinese art is a symbiosis that is neither East nor West. Fashion follows similar discourses, navigating the appurtenances between culture, history, tradition, and innovation. Engaging Chinese artists like Zhang Huan, Liu Jianhua, and Yan Pei-Ming affirmed Dior’s foundation between fashion, art, heritage, and modernity. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Denim jean jacket by J Brand, Sweater with tiger head by Kenzo, Checkered leggings by Missoni, socks by Topshop, Shoes by Margaret Howell, and Earrings by Econe.     Tank and drawstring pants by Margaret Howell, Striped shorts by Lee x Vivienne Westwood Anglomania, Suspenders by Vivienne Westwood, Hat by Salvatore Ferragamo, and Earrings by Econe.     Printed T-shirt by Current/Elliot, Trousers by Preen by Thornton Bregazzi, Suspenders by Vivienne Westwood, Socks by Topshop, and Shoes by Margaret Howell.     Leather and denim jacket by Acne Studios, Floral printed blouse by Paul Smith, Printed jeans by J Brand, and hat by Salvatore Ferragamo.     Denim jacket by BLK DNM, Striped jeans by Current/Elliot, Shirt by Paul Smith, and Pajamas by Toast.     Striped leather jacket by Acne Studios, Paisley shirt and drawstring jeans by Current/Elliot, socks by Topshop, Shoes by Margaret Howell, and Earrings by Econe.     Denim jean jacket by True Religion, Light denim jacket by Margiela 6, Floral Liberty collaboration shirt by AG Adriano Goldschmied, Leopard print jeans (worn as scarf) by Hudson, Sunglasses by Thom Browne, and Earrings by Econe.     Customized denim shirt by Paige, Hat by Salvatore Ferragamo, and Earrings by Econe.     Denim jacket by Guess, Checkered denim jacket by Paul Smith, Striped jeans (worn as scarf) by Hudson, Hat by Salvatore Ferragamo, and Earrings by Econe.                  Beauty Notes: All makeup by Dior Beauty. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Wool jacket by Kenzo, faux fur bomber jacket by Au Jour Le Jour, customized ‘Kiss’ t-shirt by Fuck$imilie, pleather sweatpants by MSGM, boots by Versace, pins by Judy Blame, and mouse ear hat by Modu Designs.     Hooded leather patchwork cape by Maison Martin Margiela and Customized shorts by Levi’s.     Striped wool cape with fur trimmed hood by Louis Vuitton, customized sweater by Comme des Garçons Homme Plus, oversized drawstring cotton pants by Y-3, socks by American Apparel, and brogues by DSQUARED2.     Vintage nylon coat by Raf Simons, chenille maxi sweater and hat by Costume National, kkinny cargo pants by MSGM, and desert boots by Angelos Frentzos.      Wool coat by Costume National, cotton waistcoat by FUCK$IMILE, ‘Hole’ t-shirt and patch stylist’s own, cotton pants with elastic detail by Adidas SLVR, and desert boots by Angelos Frentzos.      Tarot Maxi sweater by Angelos Frentzos and Pins by Judy Blame.      Wool bomber jacket with plastic sleeves and attached scarf by Vivienne Westwood MAN, T-shirt by The Punk Rock Shop, Distressed jeans and shoes by DSQUARED2, and Customized flag by FUCK$IMILE.                  Grooming Notes: Moisturiser SPF 30 by Eshu and hypoallergenic firming eye cream by Perricone MD. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Bomber Jacket and flower print heels by ACNE cotton print dress and nylon fishnet trousers by ANN-SOFIE BACK, and gold-plated bronze headpiece by MARIA NILSDOTTER.     Denim jacket by COMMON, neoprene bodysuit by NHU DUONG, and vintage earrings talents own.     Satin wool, and neoprene jacket by ALTEWAI SAOME, oversized cotton T-shirt by ACNE, gym shorts own, and scarf by ANN-SOFIE BACK.     Mesh top and Nylon fishnet tank by ANN-SOFIE BACK, Lurex and viscose pants by FILIPPA K, and Satin shoes and Felt hat by ACNE.                  Photographer: Nils Odier for Lundlund.com.
Stylist: Ursula Wångander for Linkdetails.com.
Hair: Tony Lundström for MikasLooks.se.
Makeup: Jeanette Törnqvist for Lundlund.com.
Photography Assistant: Ninja Hanna Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Nadina heavy acid wash vest by BUFFOLO DAVID BITTON, knit high neck sweater by ACNE, graphic print trousers and belt by PROENZA SCHOULER, and boots by DIESEL.     Striped sequin dress by LOUIS VUITTON and alex mid rise fit jeans with suspenders by BIG STAR.     Puffy Vest, bodysuit, and Oxford Heels with Spikes by VALENTINO, Denim Jacket by DIESEL BLACK GOLD, and Wide leather belt by GUCCI.     Coated Leather Jacket by PROENZA SCHOULER, Shirt by VERSACE, and London Boy cropped jeans by MIH.     Cotton twill jacket by KENZO, Turtleneck knit stretch Sweater by ROENZA SCHOULER, Halsey high rise straight leg jeans by MIH, heels by MICHAEL KORS, and handbag by VERSACE.     Coated leather jacket by PROENZA SCHOULER, Lace back denim shirt by GUESS, and Denim knee length capris by BUFFOLO DAVID BITTON.     Short sleeve turtleneck and denim dress by LOUIS VUITTON and wide leather belt by GUCCI.     Nancy Denim jacket by AG ADRIANO GOLDSCHMIED, Sheer sleeveless blouse by ACNE, Leather skirt and shoes by CELINE, and stockings stylist’s own.     Denim jacket by GUESS, knit high neck sweater by VIKTOR & ROLF, Pants by PROENZA SCHOULER, Open Toe Mule heels by ALEXANDER WANG.     Button-down shirt by CHANEL, Tomboy Curtis denim shorts by HUDSON, and ribbon stylist’s own.                  Photographer: Jason Kim for Seemanagement.com.
Stylist: Sarah Cobb for themagnetagency.com.
Model: Ros Georgiou for Marilyn-ny.com.
Hair: Andre Gunn for thewallgroup.com.
Makeup: Munemi Imai for themagnetagency.com.
Manicure: Casey Herman for Kateryaninc.com.
Producer: Chelsea Maloney for Seemanagement.com.
Photography Assistant: Jai Lennard and Anders Wallace.
Styling Assistant: Michelle Li.
Equipment: Splashligth Studios at Splashlight.com.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Jeans by RISING SUN & Co.       Jeans by SILVER JEANS CO.       Jeans by Hudson         Jeans by Paper Denim & Cloth         Jeans by Wildfox.         Jeans by Diesel                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Silk sleeveless dress with embroidered threads by Yiquing Yin.     Silk crêpe strapless dress with tulle floral embroideries by Dior Haute Couture.       Cotton tweed mock collar with cap sleeves by Chanel Haute Couture.       Floral embroidered tulle long sleeve dress by Valentino Couture.       Wool single-breasted suit and cotton shirt by Hugo. Wool crêpe, chiffon, and silk satin dress by Bouchra Jarrar Couture.       Embroidered silk satin vest with collar necklace and silk satin pants by Giorgio Armani Privé.      Tulle embroidered short sleeves dress by Valentino Couture.       Wool single-breasted suit and cotton shirt by Hugo. Silk chiffon long dress by Alaïa Couture.       Floral embroidered corset with attached silk crêpe vest and silk pants by Dior Haute Couture.       Silk tulle feather embroidered dress by Chanel Haute Couture. Single-breasted suits, cotton shirts, and leather shoes by Hugo.                    Beauty notes: Mat Lumière Soft Matte Make-up SPF 15 in Clair, Joues Contrastes Powder Blush in Tumulte, Les 4 Ombres in Lilium and Dune, Ombre Essentielle Soft Touch Eyeshadow in Infini and Gris Exquis, Le Volume de Chanel Mascara in Noir, Rouge Allure Luminous Lipstick in Passion, Rouge Noir, and Incandescente, and Le Vernis in Ballerina, Tendresse, and Frisson by Chanel. Grooming notes: Nourishing Styling Cream, Full Root Lifting Spray, and Full Thickening Mousse by Living Proof. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Silk chiffon and silk velvet long dress and leather heels by Tom Ford.     Silk strapless corset flower paint dress by Lanvin and yellow gold and diamond bracelet, white gold and diamond ring, and yellow gold and diamond ring all from My Dior Collection by Dior Joaillerie.     Silk chiffon pleated short sleeve blouse with attached scarf, metallic wool skirt, cotton pants, and leather heels with embellished heel by Chanel.     Felt wool coat with embroidered cut-out patterns and leather shoes by Comme des Garçons.      Wool cape and silk velvet patterned dress by Junya Watanabe.      Silk floral embroidered sheath dress by Bottega Veneta.     Wool print jacket with leather patch pockets, wool print pants, and leather platform shoes by Louis Vuitton.      Wool jacquard print dress and faux suede heels by Stella McCartney.      Mixed wool floral print jacket, short pants, and leather boots by Emporio Armani     Silk satin cross print corset dress and leather thigh high boots by Versace     Silk floral print dress and leather heels by Marni.                 Location: Le Jardin Tropical De Paris. Beauty Notes: Poudre Douceur Loose Powder in Beige, ombre Minérale 4 Couleurs Eye Quartet Mineral Palette in Indigo and Rosewood, Ombre Minérale Eyeshadow in Vibrant Violet and Silver Green, Instant Definition Mascara in Intense Black, and Joli Rouge Long-Wearing Moisturizing Lipstick in Baby Pink and Copper Brown by Clarins Paris.  Pure Abundance Volumizing Hair Spray by Aveda. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Crop top by Topshop, Denim overalls by Big Star, Bandana (worn as bracelet) by hav-a-hank, Double chain necklace by Susan Caplan, and earrings by MelodyEhsani. Long sleeve denim jumpsuit by G-star and Necklace and earrings by Assad Mounser. Sleeveless denim jumpsuit by Guess, Chain necklace by Lara Bohinc, and Earrings stylist’s own. Vintage cropped camouflage jacket by Naf Naf, Cropped top stylist’s own, Jeans by Guess, patent leather Heels by Christian Louboutin, Camouflage cap by New Era, chain necklace (worn as belt) by chanel, and Chain bracelet and ring by Susan Caplan. Denim jacket with leather sleeves by Buffalo David Bitton, Latex crop top and Latex trousers by Meat Clothing, Chain necklace (worn as belt) by Lara Bohinc, Double chain necklace by Susan Caplan, Long chain necklace by Chanel, and Earrings by Melody Ehsani. Patchwork denim racer jumpsuit by 3.1 Phillip Lim, Ponyskin studded heels by Christian Louboutin, Earrings by Moschino, andBracelet by Susan Caplan. Denim overall shorts by Calvin Klein, T-shirt by American Apparel, Boots by Timberland, Vintage gold necklace by Versace, Necklace and Necklace (worn as bracelet) by Susan Caplan, and Earrings stylist’s own. Printed tank by Brian Lichtenberg, Denim jeans by J Brand, Vintage belt by Moschino, Beanie by New Era, Necklace by Topshop, and Earrings by Melody Ehsani. Vintage cobra sports jersey, denim Shorts by Big Star, Thigh high leather boots by Christian Louboutin, Cap by New Era, chain Necklace and bracelet by Susan Caplan, and Earrings by Melody Ehsani. Vintage cobra sports jersey, denim Shorts by Big Star, Thigh high leather boots by Christian Louboutin, Cap by New Era, chain Necklace and bracelet by Susan Caplan, and Earrings by Melody Ehsani.    No. I Will Not, Under Any Circumstances, Catfish Again  
        Featuring Anais      Photographer : Stevie & Mada for artmixcreative.com.
 Stylist : Pandora Lennard.
 Model : Anais Pouliot for trumpmodels.com, New York.
 Hair : Terry Millet for TheMagnetAgency.com.
 Makeup : Mélanie Inglessis for TheMagnetAgency.com.
 Manicure : Stephanie Stone for NailingHollywood.com.
 Producer : Samantha Rockman.
 Photography Assistant : Logan Bingham.
 Styling Assistant : Abby Wilson.
 Production Coordinator : Tony Papamarkakis. Beauty Notes: Vanilla & Anise Body Crème by Jo Malone, Skinflash Radiance Boosting Makeup Primer, Diorblush Blush in Passion Fruit, Diorshow Art Pen Eyeliner in Catwalk Black, and Sourcils Poudre Powder Eyebrow Pencil in Brown by Dior, and Pro Longwear Lip Pencil in Kiss Me Quick, Pro Longwear Lip Color in Lasting Lust, and Pro Longwear Gloss Coat in Clear by M.A.CCosmetics. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Claude Monet. “Madame Louis Joachim Gaudibert” (1868). Oil on Canvas. 85 7/16 X 54 9/16 inches. Courtesy the Metropolitan Museum of Art.   Fashion, Art & Society  
        Written by Long Nguyen     
    I had turned my collar up after leaving the Ecole des Beaux Arts and the Sunday morning Lanvin men’s show held inside the courtyard’s glass-ceiling dome. More than five inches of white snow had engulfed most of Paris as a rare winter blizzard blew over the capital late last January. As I walked along the Quai d’Orsay, following the Seine, I watched a large confection of falling snowflakes assume the aspect of flocks of migrating birds, and felt like something was happening. With the Sunday afternoon schedule free of shows, I was racing towards the Musée d’Orsay on the closing day of the exhibition L’Impressionisme et la Mode that focused on the intricate relationship between fashion and art from the early 1860s to mid 1880s. (Currently on view as Impressionism, Fashion and Modernity at The Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York with 80 major paintings, selections of period clothes and accessories, and fashion magazines and catalogues.) Like the rapid urbanization that was transforming Paris into a world capital, fashion played a vital role in the evolving society, as a portent of modernity. Parisians artists like Monet, Manet, Renoir or Bartholomé saw the changing taste in clothes as a means to eschew art’s conventional aesthetics and created new direction by painting their subjects au naturel in full-bodied large canvases wearing sumptuous clothes that reflected the latest styles. Depicting the pivotal experience of individual city dwellers in the rapidly developing Parisian urban environment, with lyrical verses at times bordering on realism, taking subjects that included beggars, drunkards and prostitutes, and themes ranging from lesbianism to sadomasochism, was the hallmark of Charles Baudelaire’s poetic masterpiece Les Fleurs du mal (1857). Baudelaire laid the intellectual foundation for the two decades of spectacular Impressionist art by defining modernity as ‘the ephemeral, the fugitive, and the contingent’ (Le peintre de la vie modern, 1864) and emphasized that an artist should be an engaged spectator—a flâneur—observing the minute details of the flow of daily life within this sprawling city setting in the midst of a major physical transformation. Initiated during the height of the Second Empire of Napoleon III between 1853 and 1870, Baron Haussmann’s systematic urban renovation upgraded the city’s thoroughfare grid for the first time since medieval times. The network of cross-city wide boulevards and open spaces like Place de la Concorde or Bastille or squares like Place du Chatelet allowed Parisians to parade their new clothes along the many cafes and shops flanking newly constructed boulevards as well as in ballrooms and grand theaters like the Opéra Garnier. Paris became the center of urban modern life, a metamorphosis that left behind the old guard and embraced a society where the new bourgeoisie mingled with former aristocrats, painters and poets. Department stores like Les Grands Magasins du Louvre, La Samaritaine, Le Printemps and Le Bon Marché promoted the advent of ready-to-wear clothes available for immediate consumption. Stylish clothing was the key ingredient for artists who sought recognition exhibiting their works at the Salons, capturing their subjects wearing the latest looks in the gardens, the living rooms or foyers, on the boulevard, on the porch for a family gathering or outdoor at a picnic. The transitory nature of clothes instigated this new approach in art as artists abandoned the rigidity and formality of official portraiture in neo-classical styles that dominated the years of Bourbon and Orléans. Calculated strokes and sharp delineations of colors once regal had surrendered to looser and quicker brush strokes and mixtures of broken hues. These techniques became the signatures of painted impressions of “the moment.” “What poet, in sitting down to paint the pleasure caused by the sight of a beautiful woman, would venture to separate her from her costume?” declared Charles Baudelaire. In effect, his fellow artists like Monet, Manet, and Morisot painted women of different social classes in clothes whose different design chronicled and reflected both the vital changes in the structure of society as well as the clothes themselves, which radically transformed fashion from the late Second Empire towards the 1880s. A red bolero jacket and an oversized oval black satin skirt in James Tissot’s Portrait de Mlle L.L. (1864); a flared billowing green and black silk stripe skirt and a black fur trimmed coat in Claude Monet’s Camille (1866); or the four women in large long sleeves crinoline cotton summer dresses gathered around a small shrub in Femmes au jardin, 1866 depicted the early 1860s fashionable exaggerations of flared silhouettes, stiffened petticoats or the conical shaped giant skirts reinforced by the rigid crinoline. A brown long sleeve silk taffeta with lace application flared dress (Robe à crinoline 1860-1865) from Les Arts Décoratifs, stood in a glass case near the gold frame canvas “The modern painter … is an excellent couturier,” wrote the novelist Joris-Karl Huysman in Le Voltaire, 1879.  Indeed. By the 1870s, the inconvenient size of huge dresses and skirts were deemed démodé. The crinoline supported silhouettes yielded to a more simplified crinolette or a bustle support that pared down and flattened at the front and sides and left a small volume of fabric gathered in the back and fell to the floor. Black and white were the colors of choice for these new bustle silhouette dresses (often embroidered) as seen worn by the actress Ellen Andrée in Édouard Manet’s La Parisienne, 1875, or in Pierre-Auguste Renoir’s Lise à l’ombrelle, 1868 where the artist’s young mistress had on a lacy dress with a black satin waist belt. Surely the cotton piqué dress on Berthe Morisot in Manet’s Repose, 1871 was the height of this new style. The allure and fast pace of a dynamic Paris in the late 1870s required clothes that encouraged greater mobility. The bustle-enhanced silhouette fell out of style as a streamlined ‘princess style’ cut along the body’s natural contours admonished any encumbrances and extra volumes. Albert Bartholomé painted his wife, Prospérie de Fleury, standing in a light violet dress composed of two pieces—a bodice tunic with three-quarter sleeves and pleated ruffles at the back and a slim striped skirt with the original outfit displayed next to the painting Dans le serre, 1871. Art was the most important but not the only means that documented the evolution of fashion in the late Second Empire. The proliferation of illustrated fashion magazines amplified the influence of fashion. La mode illustré, Petit courieres des dames, Journal des jeunes personnes, L’observateur des modes were among the revues that chic Parisians consulted to update their style. The poet Stéphane Mallarmé edited his own fashion magazine—La dernière mode—where he wrote under the various pseudonyms Zizy, Miss Satin or Marguerite de Ponty. In fiction, Gustave Flaubert wrote in his 1856 masterpiece Madame Bovary that his heroine remained fascinated by the fashion magazines. I exited the sumptuous museum and strolled across a snow blanketed Quai with the Louvre barely visible across the Seine and wondered about the role of fashion today in fostering and mirroring societal changes. These were thoughts occasioned by the spring couture show season starting later that evening. In lieu of paintings, today we have a million bloggers instantly photographing anyone willing to dress often in a silly manner for a quick pose. These blogger-photographers have littered the entrance to each fashion show venue like ants following the smell of sugar. Street style today lacks the sophistication and the forceful quality that made fashion so much more important in the late 1860s. Perhaps fashion today is caught up in a different verity—a set of circumstances inherently opposite the past. Fashion seems ubiquitous now but it feels a great deal less influential in people’s lives than it did in these spectacular masterpieces of impressionist paintings. Today much of fashion is mere bromide—perhaps a torrent of banalities multiplied to the exponential degree. But there are exceptions, like couture. At a time when fashion is more of an online experience, couture still requires an appreciation for age-old techniques. Couture is about taking the ultimate risk—extravagant frocks made with experienced handiwork. But this extravagance is irrelevant in the web age because the appreciation for what’s beneath the surface of fashion is non-existent. Barely a decade ago, Paris couture was on the verge of possible extinction as many storied French houses closed their doors.  Despite the greatest odds—which included a prolonged worldwide economic downturn (la crise as commonly known here is still getting worst with French unemployment hitting 11.9% in January)—couture has endured every possible threat since. Just in the past two years, couture could be said to be actually thriving. There are new customers flocking from Russia and Asia, and with the arrival of Raf Simons at Dior, the artistic side of couture seems guaranteed. Since his first show for Dior last July, Simons has recaptured the jubilee that was absent over the past few years at Dior. In that first outing, Simons delved into the archives in search of the design principles of Christian Dior, the house’s founding designer. He found a path forward in the Dior silhouettes of the A line (straight on top and flare at bottom), H line (a straight silhouette from shoulder to hip) and S line (streamlined curvature along body)—these shapes that defined postwar fashion. Inside a tent erected at the Jardin des Tuilleries, a carefully manicured garden with crisscross pathways provided the setting for Simons’ sophomore show where the leitmotif of the garden, flower, and spring provided the ideal ambiance for a rebirth of Dior couture. A strapless Dior heritage A-line dress had asymmetrical trims. An embroidered floral corset was covered with an ice blue satin vest and worn with cigarette silk pants. The incredible lightness achieved by layering cropped vests resulted in ethereal delight and wonderment. Light strapless corsets, and slim pants or knee length skirts distilled the heavy handedness often associated with couture. Here the traditional savoir-faire met today’s exigencies. Sitting in the wooden amphitheater built inside the Grand Palais for the Chanel show, you could feel not just Karl Lagerfeld’s triumph of innovation, creative thinking, and command of craftsmanship, but his endless passion for the art (and commerce) of couture. The omnipotence of his vision was palpable—as though the heat is when you first walk into a sauna. Lagerfeld showed us what high fashion is about in a show that catapulted the fashion house into a league of one. Classic daywear tweed suits had added sparks in the shiny fabrics and elevated shoulders. A long dress bore rose and yellow flowers— which seemed like prints, but were in fact finely embroidered. The leather leggings boots in silver, white or black lace or black leather added a streetwear element that broke the formality of a white tier short dress. For the finale, Lagerfeld sent out two women in white lace embroidered wedding dresses, as though releasing doves. With their hands held together and accompanied by a young boy dressed in white, it was like the nuptials of distant imaginings, fairies from another time. The beauty and the romantic gestures of the brides quieted all the shouts and murmurs currently heard in French Parliament and the pro/con demonstrations on the streets about gay unions. Gaze at the stars but keep your feet on the grounds is an old saying but one that Lagerfeld surely embraced to keep Chanel on the pulse of the moment. Unlike ready to wear, there is greater freedom to create in couture. That’s probably what drew many young and independent designers into the field. The French designer Alexandre Vauthier has shown his ultra-sexy and radically cut couture clothes since spring 2009, each season garnering new customers. Shown in Paris since January 2011, the Dutch designer Iris Van Herpen continued with her experimental approach in collaborating with artists from many fields to foster new materials that blend with handicrafts. “I started on my own about two years ago, fresh out of school, not knowing a thing about the fashion industry. I entered a few contests, got some great reviews and encouraging energy from people surrounding me, and one thing led to another, I ended up improvising a couture collection and show out of scratch. What I lacked in experience, I tried to make up for with tireless tenacity and faith,” the Chinese-born, Paris educated and based, Yiquing Yin said, while sitting at her design studio in the Cité de la Mode, which faces the Seine River. “Technical knowledge, like any other is just a means to obtain more freedom, lightness, and ease in expression. You translate an idea into an object, a product, through the shortest and purest way,” she said. The effect was in the show, from purple threads woven into knots and braided into rigid coils to form a burgundy sculptured bodice dress with attached flowy chiffons, to simple white threads embroidered around a black sheath creating mesh patterns. “There’s a strong sense of contrast in my work, like armor shapes, or volume, and the lightest ethereal fabrics.” Haute couture is enduring in this era of web and fast fashion because couture serves as the link between the past and the future, a combination critical for innovation and renewed modernity. But fashion today no longer inspires contemporary artists nor innovates art in a way clothes once did for the Impressionists painters. Then, avant-garde artists made an unprecedented and unique foray into fashion and saw that clothes can shape art and history, not just the silhouette of the body. “The latest fashion is absolutely necessary for a painting. It’s what matters most,” said Édouard Manet in 1881. This, unfortunately, cannot be said today. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Corseted alligator leather dress by Dominic Louis and 18k rose gold drop earrings with diamonds by Hellmuth.     Embroidered illusion short sleeve column dress with drop tulle skirt by Marchesa.     Distressed cotton blend dress by Dominic Louis.     Beaded silk custom gown by Donna Karan Atelier.                 Manicure: Tracy Clemens for OpusBeauty.com using essie. Beauty Notes: Mineralize Skin Finish in Light Plus, Eyeshadow in Arena, Club, and Mulch, and Tinted Lipglass in Lust by M.A.C Cosmetics and nail color in Like Linen by Essie. Luminous Hairspray and Glimmer shine by Moroccanoil. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   From left to right: Denim jacket by H&M, cami tank by AG Adriano Goldschmied, and contrast denim shorts by Topshop. shirt by Hache, contrast denim shorts and socks by Topshop, and shoes by Ter Et Bantine.     Shirt by Topshop, jeans by WeSC, and shoes by Dr. Martens.     Tank top by H&M, denim shorts by Topshop, shoes by Dr. Martens, and necklace by Delphine-Charlotte Parmentier.     Denim jacket by Eckō, jeans by Cult Of Individuality, shoes by Marc Jacobs, and belt by Topshop.     Shirt by H&M, jeans by WeSC, and boots by Dr. Martens.     From left to right: tank top by Dr. Martens and jeans by WeSC. knit bralette top by American Apparel and skirt by Hache.     From left to right: jeans by WeSC and shoes by Dr. Martens. denim vest and denim shorts by Levi’s and tank by American apparel. denim jacket by G-Star, tank by American apparel, shorts by Cult Of Individuality, and boots by Dr. Martens. jacket by G-Star, shirt by Agyness Deyn for Dr. Martens, shorts by H&M, and shoes by Dr. Martens. shirt by H&M and denim shorts by Cult Of Individuality. crop top by American Apparel and denim shorts by Cult Of Individuality.                  Beauty notes: Bronze Goddess Body Oil Spray, Invisible Fluid Makeup in 2CN2 and 6CN2, Pure Color Cheek Rush in Pink Patent, Pure Color EyeShadow in Amazing Grey and Sugar Biscuit, and Pure Color Lip Shine in Hot Fuse by Estée Lauder. Brilliant Glossing Cream for hair by Fekkai. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Striped knit wool backless gilet with fox fur lapel and leather fasteners and wool wide leg pants with piping by Bouchra Jarrar.      Felt wool coat by Comme des Garçons.     Cropped leather biker bolero, wool long dress, and leather elbow length gloves by Ann Demeulemeester.      Lambskin leather belted coat with flared sleeves and cotton shirt by Hermès and leather heels by Christian Louboutin.       Silk satin dress with tear shape chiffon layered front opening by Christian Dior.     Silk-cotton techno taffeta layered dress, heels, and resin brooch by Lanvin.     Multi-colored shearling pullover and wool side striped pants by Céline and leather heels by Alexandre Vauthier.       Wool coat with fox fur lapel and silk blouse by Alexandre Vauthier.       Crystal and sequin embellished wool cropped sleeveless tank with tail and embellished wool skirt by Prada.      Stretch wool and silk sleeveless flared sheath dress, suede boots, and wool gloves by Alaïa .       Sleeveless backless chain mail dress and leather belt by Yves Saint Laurent.                   Makeup: Hugo Villard. Beauty Notes: Perfection Lumière Long-Wear Fluid Makeup in Beige Rose, Poudre Universelle Compacte Natural Finish Pressed Powder, Lucky Stripes Iridescent Powder for Eyes and Cheeks, Inimitable Waterproof Mascara, Rouge Coco in Peregrina and Chintz, and Le Vernis Nail Colour in Pearl by Chanel.  Phytovolume Actif Volumizing Spray and Matte Texturizing Paste by Phyto Professional. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Cashmere panel pullover, sheer cotton top, and cashmere pants by the row and suede knee boots by Stuart Weitzman.     From left to right: silk jacquard print dress by Zac Posen. Lace embroidered top with feathers and cotton pants with leather inserts by Prabal Gurung. Cashmere jacket, vest, pants, leather shoes, and silk tie by Ralph Lauren Collection. Knit jacket and knit skirt by Ohne Titel and leather shoes by 3.1 Phillip Lim.     Cotton quilted vest with fur, cotton pants, leather gloves, and leather belt by Jason Wu and leather shoes by Ralph Lauren Collection.     This page: cotton printed dress by Sophie Theallet and suede knee high boots by Stuart Weitzman.       Cotton shirt and cotton skirt by Brood.     Wool alpaca coat, leather paneled skirt, cotton socks, and leather shoes by Marc Jacobs     This page from left to right: cashmere jacket, silk chiffon shirt, and cashmere pegged trousers by Wes Gordon. silk chiffon long sleeve dress, silk bermuda shorts, and chiffon peplum by Vera Wang.       Silk print dress by Oscar De La Renta and leather strappy shoes by Ralph Lauren Collection.      Strapless knit sequined dress by diane von furstenberg and leather strappy shoes by Jason Wu.     Cotton shirt, cotton flared trousers, woven heels, and leather belt by Proenza Schouler.     Felt wool elbow sleeve dress and leather heels by Calvin Klein Collection.     Cotton origami bustier draped dress, cotton fedora, and calf hair gloves by Donna Karan Collection.     This page from left to right: silk dress by Narciso Rodriguez. silk color block dress by Narciso Rodriguez and patent leather boots by Stuart Weitzman.       Shetland wool cape, shetland wool top, shetland wool shorts, shetland wool socks, and leather thick strap heels by Michael Kors.     Cotton sheer blouse, cotton tempest bra, and cotton donovan pants by The Row and patent leather boots by Stuart Weitzman.     Leather oxford dress with tab neck and silk long sleeve tulle dress with trapped thread embroidery by Alexander Wang.     This page: lace v-neck short sleeve dress with velvet trim by L’wren Scott and leather boots by Stuart Weitzman.            From left to right: Wool embroidered peacoat, wool sweater, and cotton pants by Altuzarra and leather boots by Vera Wang. Wool shawl, leather and wool shirt, cotton print skirt, cotton socks, and leather shoes by Marc Jacobs.                 Makeup: Mari Shten at MariShten.com. Beauty Notes: Diorskin Forever Wear-Extending Invisible Retouch Powder, 5 Couleurs Couture Eyeshadow Palette in Rosy Tan, 3-Couleurs Glow Luminous graphic Eyeshadow Highlighter & Liner in Ivory, DiorShow Iconic High Definition Mascara in Chestnut, Dior Addict Lipstick in Urban, Diorissime, and Miss Dior, and Dior Vernis nude Nail Lacquer in Charnelle and Pink Kimono by Dior. Natural Volume Wet Styling Mousse, Stay Brilliant Wet, and Create Character Dry Texturizing Spray by Wella Professionals. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Andy wears zip-front top by Issey Miyake. Jeans with chain by Better in Blue, and bracelet by Valentino from Mr. Porter.     Andy wears Cardigan by Missoni, Denim shirt by 3rd and Army, T-shirt by Michael Bastian, Jeans by PRPS, Watch by Cartier, and Backpack by Martin Keehn.     Ronald wears T-shirt by Louis Vuitton, Polka dot chambray shirt by People vs West, Trousers by Paul Smith, Sneakers by Raf Simons X Adidas, Hat by Vivienne Westwood MAN, And Bracelet by Giles & Brother.      Ronald wears Jacket by Diesel Black Gold, Denim jacket by Cult of Individuality, Denim shirt By Jacob Davis, and Jeans by 7 For All Mankind.     Edward wears Jacket by Jacob Davis, Plaid button-down shirt by Givenchy from Mr. Porter, and Mesh undershirt by Martin Keehn.      Edward wears Trenchcoat by Burberry, Tank top and Jeans by Dior Homme, Sneakers by Christian Louboutin, Belt by Marc Jacobs, and Bracelet by Alexander mcqueen from Mr. Porter.      Sung jin wears Coat by Paul Smith, Sweater by Alexander Wang, Tank top by T by Alexander Wang, Jeans by 3rd and Army, and Boots by Florsheim by Duckie Brown.      Sung jin wears sweater by Martin Keehn and Jeans by G-star.     Alexander wears Sleeveless trenchcoat and Arm warmers by Raf Simons, Jeans by Michael Bastian, and Velvet shoes by Acne studio.                   Grooming Notes: Blu Mediterraneo Arancia Di Capri Body Lotion by Acqua Di Parma, Pro Energizing Massive Moisturizer by Givenchy, Complete eye renewal by Algenist, and rosehip seed lip cream by Aesop. Extreme Urushi Timeless Fixing and Laquering Sap by Shu Uemura. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   From Left To Right: Tumbled Calf Blouson, Merino Wool Tank, And Gabardine Full Leg Trousers. Gabardine Shirt, Gabardine Cargo Trousers, And Cashmere Turtleneck. Alpaca And Wool Long Robe And Pleated Full Leg Trousers. All Clothing Second/Layer And Jewelry By Werkstatt:München.                  Tell us how Second/Layer started and why:
Our background is visual communication, design, creative direction, and finance.
Our first collaboration was through our creative agency with clients such as Atelier NYC, Nike, and Smashbox. The dialogue of Second/Layer developed while Ant was living in Paris, and became an excuse to get him back to L.A.
We developed a small capsule collection, which caught the attention of Details magazine. The result was an invitation to Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week at the Lincoln Center and now we’re three seasons in. How did you all initially meet and become friends?
Jake and Joshua are brothers and Ant came in when a mutual mentor, Tak Kato, introduced us.
Our personal and professional strengths complement each other and share a sensibility rooted from where we grew up and who we look up to. What kind of materials and fabrics are you using?
Our selection of materials is based on the comfort, freedom, and flexibility of daily wear, while maintaining a gender-neutral tailored uniformity. Our Japanese mill has been around since 1910 and specializes in one-of-a-kind wool, cashmere, and silk fabrics.
We are interested in elegant simplicity. Our elevated essentials use wool/cashmere yarn, wrinkle-free structured fabrics, and merino wool jersey and soft hand fleece.
Fabric origins: Japan, Italy, Switzerland, New Zealand, and U.S.A. Where are your pieces manufactured?
Made in U.S.A. You’re now part of the Forbes list of 30 under 30 in Art & Style. How does it feel to be listed?
Blessed. How would you define your style and aesthetic?
Chicano/minimal. In the exploration of our gender-neutral aesthetic, we noticed a connection between the ‘garcon,’ or boyish look, for women through the mid-80s, and the Pachuco movement of the ’40s and ’50s in Mexican-American neighborhoods throughout Los Angeles and El Paso. The connection played a huge roll in our personal styles. Some say that you fall under the “goth-skate” look of Los Angeles and that it’s part of a trend specific to L.A. Do you agree or disagree? Please explain.
Ricky-o layered out, droopy, doopy, extra-long transparent T-shirts, bulky sneakers, and tattooed goth-skate?!
We grew up skateboarding yes. But our personal style borrows from Pachuco culture.
Full proportion billowed silhouettes, gabardines, clean, crisp lines, shirt/jacket outer layers, Vans authentic low, and hopefully more timeless. We’ve also introduced footwear to the collection, which is made in Italy.
We disagree. A list of music you listen to, if you do, when you design:
100s, Drake, Pimp C, 2 Pac, Hova, Midland, Atish and Mark Slee, New Look, Blood Orange, Hunter/Game, Tanner Ross, Tiger & Woods, No Regular Play, Mario Basanov, H.O.S.H., Defected Records, Scott Walker, Alva Noto, and Turquoise Days. A list of food you would like at your funeral spread:
Chile verde
Asada
Micheladas A list of favorite places to skate:
Henry Levy’s fifth floor loft space mini ramp on 6th and Mill. A list of challenges to being a fashion designer in Los Angeles:
L.A. has the worst fabric suppliers of all time. A list of benefits to being a fashion designer in Los Angeles:
360˚ beautiful weather
Downtown studio
Skate accessibility A small list of stockists:
Isetan
H. Lorenzo
FORWARD by Elyse Walker A list of inspirational artists or designers: Giorgio Armani 1989-’94 campaigns—our biggest inspiration
80’s Issey Miyake—textures, prints, colors, and use of volume
Yohji Yamamoto—sculptural oversized clothing, textures, and use of fabrics
Rei Kawakubo—poetic juxtapositions and creative spontaneity
Jil Sander—beautiful simplicity
Martin Margiela—branding
Photographers: Paolo Roversi, Peter Lindbergh, Ray Petri Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   COTTON DENIM AND LEATHER EMBROIDERED DRESS, LEATHER BELT, AND LEATHER CUTOUT BOOTS BY BALMAIN. STRETCH SILK KNIT DRESS AND LEATHER HEELS BY ALAÏA STRETCH SILK PRINTED WRAP DRESS BY SAINT LAURENT.  MIXED COTTON PERFORATED JACKET AND DRESS BY SACAI. COTTON FLORAL PRINT DRESS BY DRIES VAN NOTEN. WOOL-SILK PANTSUIT AND COTTON TANK BY ANTHONY VACCARELLO.  COTTON FRINGED DRESS BY JUNYA WATANABE AND SNAKESKIN HEELS BY ALAÏA. SILK-LINEN EMBROIDERED VEST, SILK-LINEN EMBROIDERED SHIRT, SILK AND VELVET STRIPED EMBROIDERED PANTS, AND WOOL HAT BY ANN DEMEULEMEESTER. SILK CHIFFON TANK, COTTON EMBROIDERED JEANS, LEATHER HEELS, LEATHER NECKLACE, AND BRACELET BELTS BY UNDERCOVER. TULLE AND PLEATED SILK DRESS, WOOL PANTS, AND LEATHER BOOTS BY HAIDER ACKERMANN.    I Seem To Smell The Stench Of Appeasement In The Air           Photographed by Romain Staros Staropoli     Photographer : Romain Staros Staropoli for thomastreuhaft.com, N.Y.  Model : Yumi Lambert for nathalie-models.com, Paris.  Hair : Sébastien Le Corroller for airportagency.com, Paris.  Makeup : Christopher Kam for airportagency.com, Paris. Beauty notes: Skin Illusion Loose Powder Foundation in Sand, Eye Quartet Mineral Palette in Rosewood, Vibrant Light, and Pastel AND Perfect Shine Sheer Lipstick in Coral Tulip, Coral Pink, and Tropical Pink by Clarins. Bb. Styling Lotion, Grooming Crème, and Bb. Brilliantine by Bumble and bumble. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   COTTON CROP SWEATER AND FLARED COTTON SKIRT BY JONATHAN SIMKHAI.     POLYESTER SILK DANZA DRESS AND VISCOSE SILK BLOUSE WITH CUT OUT ELBOWS BY RAG & BONE.     KNIT CROPPED CARDIGAN, KNIT CROPPED TANK, AND SILK SKIRT WITH LEATHER TRIM BY SOPHIE THEALLET.     SILK CLOQUE CORSET, PLEATED DRESS, AND PATENT LEATHER HEELS BY PROENZA SCHOULER.       SILK DRESS BY PRABAL GURUNG.       PRINTED COTTON V-NECK TRUMPET DRESS WITH CRYSTAL DETAIL AND SNAKESKIN SHOES BY CREATURES OF THE WIND.     MESH SILK DRESS AND SILK COTTON  CROP TOP BY DEREK LAM.     COTTON VOILE EMBROIDERED SLEEVE JACKET AND SILK TULLE EMBROIDERED TURTLENECK DRESS BY THOM BROWNE.      LEATHER DRESS WITH VINYL PANEL BY ALEXANDER WANG.       COTTON LACE DRESS BY THAKOON.     WOOL SWEATER, EMBROIDERED SKIRT, AND LEATHER HEELS BY JASON WU.     EMBROIDERED SILK FLOUNCE DRESS BY  3.1 PHILLIP LIM.     SATIN CROP JACKET, TULLE CHIFFON TANK,  AND BRUSHED COTTON TWILL SAIL PANTS BY WES GORDON.                  Beauty notes: Diorskin Matte and Luminous Hydrating Loose Powder in Transparent Light, 3 Color Ready-to-wear Smoky Eyes Palette in Nude and Pink, 5 color Trianon Eyeshadow Palette, Diorshow Fusion Mono Matte Eyeshadow in FantaIsie, Dior Rouge Couture Color Voluptuous Care Lipstick in Red and Rose Songe, DiorAddict Vibrant Color Spectacular Shine in Diorissime and BABY Rose, and Vernis Trianon Edition in Perlé by Dior. Phytolisse Ultra-Glossing Finishing Serum and PhytodéfrissaNt Botanical Straightening Balm by Phyto and Smooth Style Serum and Supershine Light by Oribe. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   STRIPED SUIT JACKET BY HACKETT, COTTON VEST AND CHECK SCARF WITH POLKA DOTS BY KENT & CURWEN, SWEATER BY JOHN SMEDLEY, JEANS BY LEE, AND GLASSES BY LINDA FARROW.     DOGTOOTH SUIT BY CHRISTOPHER KANE, SHIRT BY GUESS BY MARCIANO, KNIT TIE BY HARDY AMIES, AND SUNGLASSES BY CUTLER AND GROSS.     SHORT SUIT BY ALAN TAYLOR, STRIPED T-SHIRT BY OLIVER SPENCER, BLACK AND WHITE PATTERN SLIPPERS WITH TASSELS BY LOUIS LEEMAN, WOOL SOCKS BY MARWOOD, AND LEATHER SATCHEL BAG BY THE CAMBRIDGE SATCHEL COMPANY.     JACKET BY AGI & SAM, SHIRT BY NICOLE FARHI, TAILORED TROUSERS BY PAUL SMITH, AND LACE SCARF BY MARWOOD.     CAMEL WOOL COAT BY NICOLE FARHI, PATTERNED SUIT JACKET BY VIVIENNE WESTWOOD MAN, TURTLENECK SWEATER BY JOHN SMEDLEY, JEANS BY HUDSON, LEATHER BELT BY HARDY AMIES, SUNGLASSES BY LINDA FARROW, AND LEATHER ‘PALISSY’ BAG BY OPPERMANN.     LIGHTWEIGHT ARTIST’S JACKET AND LINEN TROUSERS BY BURBERRY, KNIT POLO TOP BY ESK, SUEDE TASSEL LOAFERS BY MR. HARE, SUEDE BELT BY PAUL SMITH, AND TORTOISE SHELL SUNGLASSES BY PERSOL.                  Grooming Notes: Sumotech by Bumble and Bumble. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   LEATHER BONDED TO NEOPRENE COAT, EMBROIDERED SNAKE ON PLONGE LEATHER DRESS, AND LEATHER HEELS BY TOM FORD.     PRINTED POLYESTER TOP AND PRINTED POLYESTER SKIRT WITH MESH NETTING BY FENDI.     COTTON MINI DRESS WITH CHIFFON SLEEVES AND LEATHER HEELS BY BALENCIAGA     VISCOSE AND SILK PLEATED DRESS AND NECKLACE BY LANVIN AND SUEDE ANKLE BOOTS BY CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN.     LACE DRESS WITH APPLIQUÉ DETAILS BY VALENTINO.     MESH TOP WITH EMBROIDERED CRYSTAL DETAIL AND COTTON PANTS WITH EMBROIDERED CRYSTAL DETAIL BY LOUIS VUITTON.       COTTON DRESS AND INTRECCIATO LEATHER WOVEN HEELS BY BOTTEGA VENETA.     COTTON TOP, WOOL SKIRT, LEATHER HEELS, AND LEATHER BELT BY HERMÈS.     WOOL EMBELLISHED NATTE DRESS, EMBELLISHED KNIT SOCKS, EMBELLISHED SUEDE SHOES, CRYSTAL SAFFIANO CUFF, AND CRYSTAL SAFFIANO ELASTIC BRACELET BY PRADA.     MULTICOLOR PRINTED SILK DRESS, LEATHER BOOTS, AND PEARL NECKLACE BY CHANEL.     SILK FLORAL PRINTED STRAPLESS DRESS  BY DIOR.                  Beauty notes: Translucent Finishing Powder in Ivory Pawn, Eye Color Quad in Seductive Rose and Ice Queen, Eye Defining Pencil in Espresso and Onyx, Ultra Length Mascara in Ultra Raven, Lip Color in Sheer Paradiso, Pink Dune, and In The Buff, and Nail Lacquer in Pink Crush by Tom Ford Beauty. Satin Hair Serum and Flex Shaping Hairspray by Living Proof. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   LARGE CHECKED JACKET BY VIVIENNE WESTWOOD MAN, LOOSE KNIT SWEATER BY BLK DNM, AND SLIM-FIT JEANS BY 7 FOR ALL MANKIND.     DISTRESSED DENIM JACKET BY CULT OF INDIVIDUALITY, SLEEVELESS CHECKED SHIRT, SPORTS POPPER TROUSERS, AND STRAPPED SANDALS BY 3.1 PHILLIP LIM, AND ‘WILD BILL’ HAT BY A CHILD OF THE JAGO.     LOOSE KNIT SWEATER AND TURN-UP JEANS BY WILDFOX, COTTON SHORT JUMPSUIT BY VALENTINO, AND LACE-UP BOOTS BY PURIFIED.     FULL-SKIRTED MILITARY COAT AND HEELED BROGUES BY THOM BROWNE, WHITE AMERICAN FOOTBALL JERSEY BY G-STAR RAW, AND LEATHER TROUSERS BY DIESEL.     HENLEY SHIRTS (LAYERED) BY 7 FOR ALL MANKIND AND PATCHWORK MAN DRESS, COATED DENIM JEANS, AND SCARF BY DE RIEN.     TOP AND PANTS BY H&M. WOLF HEAD COURTESY THE ROYAL SHAKESPEARE COMPANY.     FROM LEFT: DISTRESSED DENIM JACKET BY DIESEL, KNIT BUTTON-UP TOP AND TWEED SHORTS BY CHANEL, LACE-UP SANDALS BY MARSÈLL, AND STAY-UP FISHNET STOCKINGS BY AMERICAN APPAREL. ARTIST SMOCK, FINE KNIT CARDIGAN, COATED DENIM JEANS WITH ANKLE BUTTON DETAIL, AND FUR BERET BY DE RIEN.     FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: LINEN OVERCOAT, TOP, AND TROUSERS BY DE RIEN. LOOSE KNIT WRAP TOP BY VIVIENNE WESTWOOD GOLD LABEL, LADONNA JEANS BY SIWY, AND KNEE LENGTH SOCKS BY FALKE. TOP AND PANTS BY H&M AND WOLF HEAD COURTESY THE ROYAL SHAKESPEARE COMPANY. CHECKED JACKET WITH BUILT-IN SHIRT AND CHECKED TROUSERS BY COMME DES GARÇONS HOMME PLUS, LIGHT WASH DENIM SHIRT BY DIESEL, AND LEATHER STRAPPED BOOTS BY MARSÈLL. METALLIC SHORT SLEEVE SWEATER BY JEAN PAUL GAULTIER, JEANS BY DL1961, AND GOLD SHOES BY MARSÈLL.     FROM LEFT: SEQUINED DRESS BY SAINT LAURENT BY HEDI SLIMANE AND BOOTS COURTESY THE GEORGE TAVERN. DENIM JACKET BY LEVI’S, LACE VEST BY ALEXANDER MCQUEEN, PATTERNED SHIRT BY ISSEY MIYAKE, JEANS BY LEVI’S MADE & CRAFTED, AND MULES BY 3.1 PHILLIP LIM.     FROM LEFT: GRAPHIC TOP BY DAMIR DOMA AND JEANS BY GUESS. ‘RAILROAD’ STRIPED JACKET AND WHITE EMBOSSED JEANS BY 7 FOR ALL MANKIND AND HALTER TOP BY COSTUME NATIONAL.     CWU PILOT JACKET BY ALPHA INDUSTRIES, DENIM JACKET BY GUESS, AND V-NECK KNIT SWEATER BY DOLCE & GABBANA.     CHECKED SHIRT WITH POCKET EMBELLISHMENT BY GUESS, METALLIC TOP BY MAISON MARTIN MARGIELA, THE ABSOLUTE LEGGING JEANS BY AG, BAKER BOY HAT BY A CHILD OF THE JAGO, AND BOOTS COURTESY THE GEORGE TAVERN.     SCUBA DENIM STYLE JACKET AND DISTRESSED SKINNY JEANS BY J BRAND AND STAG HORNS COURTESY THE ROYAL SHAKESPEARE COMPANY.                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    WOOL-COTTON JACQUARD PRINT DRESS WITH FRINGES, SILK TULLE MOCK NECK SHIRT, AND VINYL LEATHER BOOTS BY MARC JACOBS.     DOUBLE LAYER CHIFFON DRESS BY REED KRAKOFF, DOTCOM NAPPA LEATHER PUMPS BY STUART WEITZMAN, NECKLACE BY ERICKSON BEAMON, AND BRASS AND LEATHER BRACELET IN GOLD BY PLUMA.     COTTON LACE DRESS AND SNAKESKIN BELT BY MICHAEL KORS, RIA BUCK NAPPA LEATHER BOOTIES BY STUART WEITZMAN,  AND BRASS LINK DOUBLE LENGTH NECKLACE IN GOLD BY PLUMA.      SILK PRINTED SHIRT AND FLARED PANTS BY DIANE VON FURSTENBERG.     LEATHER FLORAL TRENCHCOAT, CASHMERE MOCK NECK SWEATER, AND COTTON LINEN FLARE PANTS BY RALPH LAUREN COLLECTION AND EXPONENT COWHIDE SANDALS BY STUART WEITZMAN.      HAND-PRINTED SILK BODYSUIT AND WRAP-AROUND PANTS BY DONNA KARAN NEW YORK, APHRODITE SANDALS WITH MATCHING ROPES BY EDMUNDO CASTILLO, AND NECKLACE BY ERICKSON BEAMON.      WOOL-SILK KNIT DRESS AND STRETCH COTTON BODY SHORTS BY OSCAR DE LA RENTA, SNAKESKIN HEELS BY MICHAEL KORS, AND NECKLACE BY ERICKSON BEAMON.                  Beauty Notes: Marvelous Mousse Transformative Foundation in Ivory, Style Eye-Con No. 7 Plush Shadow in Starlet and Vamp, Brow Tamer Grooming Gel, Tonite Lights Glitter Dust, Sheer Lust for Lacquer Lip Vinyl in Pastel Pink, LoveMarc Lip Gel in Raspberry Red, Nude Pink and Hot Pink, and Enamored Hi-Shine Nail Lacquer in OPAQUE WARM Peachy Beige by Marc Jacobs Beauty. Dry Texturizing Spray, Volumista Mist for Volume, and Superfine Strong Hair Spray by Oribe. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Victorian pattern embroidered netted dress and Victorian Motif Glass pendant embroidery with cock feather shoulders by Louis Vuitton.      Wool and silk pleated strapless dress with floral motif by Dior.     Stretch cotton Brassaï inspired brush stroke dress by Céline.     Wool mural portrait dress with embroidered jet beads by Prada.     Cotton dress with embroidered front pleats by Bottega Veneta.     Hand painted floral print silk dress by Hermès .     Silk print brush strokes dress with lace floral trims by Chanel.     Leather and crocodile patchwork skirt by Fendi.       Wool and silk Sicilian motif print jacquard jacket by Dolce & Gabbana.     Cotton eyelet embroidered dress by Giorgio Armani.     Silk tulle embroidered short dress by Valentino.     Silk lamè pleated strap dress by Lanvin.     Cotton gold lace dress by Dries Van Noten.     Satin silk floral embroidered folded dress by Mary Katrantzou.                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Leather sheath dress, Leather heels, and Leather belt by Calvin Klein Collection.       Floral embroidered dress and Fur coat by Ralph Lauren.      Printed silk dress and Leather knee-high boots with gold buckles by Prabal Gurung.     Silk dress and Suede gloves by Donna Karan Collection.     Printed silk top and Printed silk skirt by Oscar de la Renta.      Printed silk top and Printed silk skirt by Oscar de la Renta.      Silk gown by Narciso Rodriguez. Perforated leather dress by Narciso Rodriguez.      Cashmere double-breasted coat and silk dress by Derek Lam and Isidora single sole pony      Hair knee-high boots with razor edge heel by Brian Atwood.                   Beauty Notes: Luminous Moisturizing Treatment Foundation, Blush in Pink and Coral, Long-Wear Cream Shadow Stick in Bittersweet, Long-Wear Gel Eyeliner in Chocolate ink, Extreme Party Mascara in Black and Pale Pink, Tea Berry Lip Gloss, and Lip Color in Baby Pink by Bobbi Brown and Color Hit Nail Polish in Vanilla Beige by Sephora Collection. Blondish Hair Powder, Holding Spray, and Brilliantine by Bumble and Bumble. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Wool cashmere cropped peacoat by Christophe Lemaire.     Wool zippered and belted coat-dress with front details by Sacai and Leather heels by Anthony Vaccarello.      Wool plaid dress by Junya Watanabe.       Wool nylon floral print jacket and Printed shirt by Comme des Garçons.     Stretch wool and silk knit dress and Leather platform heels by Alaïa.     Wool long sleeve crew neck sweater, Asymmetrical wool and metal overlay micro-skirt, and heels by Anthony Vaccarello.       Wool nylon dress with patent leather detail by Pedro Lourenço.       Mixed silk-cotton gathered long sleeve dress and Lamb leather gloves by Damir Doma.                  Beauty notes:  Poudre Multi-Éclat Mineral loose Powder in Transparent Light, Eye Quartet Mineral Palette in Violet, Rosewood, and Odyssey, Eyebrow Pencil in Soft Blonde, Be Long Mascara in Intense Brown, Rouge Prodige True Color & Shine Lipstick in Raspberry Sorbet and Rosewood, and Instant Light Natural Lip Perfector in Candy and Petal Shimmer by Clarins Paris and Nail Foundation Flawless Basecoat and 3 Free Nail Lacquer in Kerfuffle and Teddy Girl by Butter London.  Vegetal Finishing Spray Satin Finish by René Furterer Paris. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Jacket by Big Star, Jacket and pants by Hermès and shirt by 7 For All Mankind.      Jacket and pants by Hermès. Denim Jacket by D-ID. Shirt by Diesel, and Jeans by Valentino.      Denim Jacket by J Brand and Jeans by 7 For All Mankind.     Jacket by DKNY, Shirt by 7 for all Mankind, and Skirt by Paper Denim & Cloth.     Denim jacket by J Brand and Jeans by Ström.     Jeans by Wildfox. Jeans by Hudson.      Shirt by Better in Blue and Jeans with zip pockets by G-Star.     Coat by Jason Wu, Shirt by AG, and Jeans by Frankie B. Dress by Derek Lam and Jeans by Wildfox.     Top by Hermès. Denim jacket by Jason Wu, Skirt by Hermès, and bag by Versace.     Top by Hermès.     Pants by Chanel.     Cape and sweater by Hermès, Shirt by Diesel, and Jeans by Cult of Individuality.     Car coat by AG and sweater, skirt, and bag by Michael Kors.                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   WOOL JACKET BY BRUNELLO CUCINELLI AND WOOL NYLON VEST BY SACAI.      COTTON PRINTED LONG SLEEVE SHIRT BY DOLCE & GABBANA.       PRINTED COTTON LONG SLEEVE SHIRT, COTTON LONG SHIRT, AND COTTON SHORTS BY SIKI IM, LEATHER BOOTS BY RAG & BONE, AND 18K GOLD FRENCH TANK WATCH WITH CROCODILE STRAP BY CARTIER.       LEATHER SHORT SLEEVE SHIRT WITH ZIP UP SIDES AND COTTON SHORTS BY ALEXANDER WANG, CANVAS SNOW BOOTS BY NIKE, AND STAINLESS STEEL OCTO WATCH BY BULGARI.     COTTON BLAZER, COTTON LONG SLEEVE BUTTON-DOWN SHIRT, AND COTTON CAPRI PANTS BY SACAI.      COTTON SLEEVELESS TOP BY SALVATORE FERRAGAMO.      COTTON SHIRT JACKET AND COTTON SHORTS BY RAG & BONE, LEATHER SHOES BY CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN, AND ROMA 18K GOLD WATCH WITH CROCODILE STRAP BY BULGARI.     COTTON BLAZER BY CARVEN AND COTTON SWEATER BY UMIT BENAN.      POLYESTER LONG COAT WITH VEST INSERT AND POLYESTER SHORTS BY HOOD BY AIR AND LEATHER BOOTS BY CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN.      WOOL JACKET WITH LONG TARTAN NYLON SHIRT LINING DETAIL, MULTI PRINT NYLON BUTTON-DOWN SHIRT WITH EXTRA SLEEVE, AND WOOL PINSTRIPE SHORTS BY COMME DES GARÇONS HOMME PLUS.      WOOL CARDIGAN AND COTTON BERMUDA SHORTS BY MISSONI AND LEATHER SHOES WITH BUTTERFLY DETAIL BY CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN.                   Grooming Notes: Clarinsmen Super Moisture Balm Firming and Anti-Pollution by Clarins, and Crème and Gel by Martial Vivot. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   LEATHER MOTO VEST, METALLIC SPECKLED WOOL PANTS, AND LEATHER SIDE ZIP-UP SNEAKERS BY KENNETH COLE NEW YORK.     LINEN JACKET, PANTS, AND LEATHER SHOES BY HUGO BOSS AND COTTON SHIRT AND SILK TIE BY HUGO.     SILK BOMBER JACKET AND COTTON SHORTS BY MARC BY MARC JACOBS, LEATHER SHOES BY CONVERSE, LEATHER BELT BY BRIONI,  AND OPTICAL GLASSES BY DIOR HOMME.     LEATHER JACKET AND WOOL PANTS BY DIESEL BLACK GOLD AND SUEDE SLIP-ON SHOES BY KENNETH COLE.     FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: LAMB LEATHER SHIRT AND COTTON PANTS BY EMPORIO ARMANI AND LEATHER SHOES BY CONVERSE. COTTON SHIRT BY EMPORIO ARMANI, COTTON SHORTS BY MARNI, AND SUEDE SHOES BY BALLY.     COTTON JACKET, COTTON FLORAL PRINT T-SHIRT, FLORAL PRINT SWIM TRUNKS, AND LEATHER SHOES BY TOMMY HILFIGER COLLECTION.     ORNAMENTAL FLORAL PRINT JACQUARD JACKET, SILK TWILL STRETCH T-SHIRT, ORNAMENTAL FLORAL PRINT LIGHT COTTON STRETCH RIDING PANTS, AND SILK SCARF BY GUCCI.      SUEDE TRENCHCOAT, COTTON JACKET, COTTON LONG SLEEVE SHIRT, COTTON PANTS, AND LEATHER SHOES BY BRIONI AND OPTICAL GLASSES BY GUCCI.     LEATHER LONG COAT BY BALLY, COTTON SUIT JACKET AND PANTS BY DSQUARED2, NYLON SHIRT BY UNDER ARMOUR, CANVAS SHOES BY VANS, AND SUNGLASSES BY ALEXANDER MCQUEEN.     FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: COTTON JACKET, WOOL SHIRT, AND COTTON PANTS BY BLACK FLEECE BY BROOKS BROTHERS AND LEATHER SHOES BY PRIVATE STOCK.  COTTON BLAZER AND COTTON PANTS BY UMIT BENAN, COTTON TOP BY PORSCHE DESIGN, AND LEATHER SHOES BY MARC BY MARC JACOBS.                  Grooming Notes: Epic Moisture MP10 SPF21 Daily Hydration, Epic Moisture MP10 Nourishing Oil, and Intense Therapy Lip Balm by Jack Black.  Some Hair Cream by Grooming Lounge. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   COTTON SHORT SLEEVE SHIRT, MIXED COTTON LONG SLEEVE PRINTED T-SHIRT, WOOL PRINT PANEL, AND WOOL PANTS WITH SIDE PRINT BY GIVENCHY.      COTTON FLORAL PRINT JACKET, COTTON FLORAL PRINT SHIRT, AND WOOL PANTS BY DRIES VAN NOTEN.     COTTON-LINEN TWO-BUTTON JACKET, PRINTED COTTON SHIRT, COTTON PANTS, SILK TIE, SILK POCKET SQUARE, AND SUEDE LOAFERS BY TOM FORD.      COTTON SINGLE-BREASTED JACKET, COTTON SHIRT, AND WOOL PANTS BY BURBERRY PRORSUM AND SUEDE SANDALS BY VERSACE.      COTTON PRINT JEANS BY VERSACE.      COTTON SINGLE-BREASTED SUIT AND COTTON PRINTED SHIRT BY HERMÈS AND LEATHER SNEAKERS BY FENDI.     COTTON STRIPED SINGLE-BREASTED JACKET BY BERLUTI.       WOOL AND LEATHER PATCHWORK SHORTS BY DIOR HOMME.      CASHMERE SWEATER, COTTON SHIRT, AND COTTON FLORAL PRINT SHORTS BY RALPH LAUREN PURPLE LABEL AND LEATHER SANDALS BY HERMÈS.       WOOL STRIPED JACKET, NYLON PRINTED SHIRT, AND WOOL STRIPED PANTS BY PRADA.      NYLON JACKET AND COTTON NYLON SLEEVELESS LONG T-SHIRT BY RAF SIMONS.      NYLON JACKET AND SHORTS BY LOUIS VUITTON AND SUEDE SHOES BY MARC JACOBS.     FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: LINEN COTTON JACKET BY GIORGIO ARMANI AND COTTON SHIRT BY FENDI. COTTON SINGLE-BREASTED SUIT BY FENDI AND SILK PRINT SHIRT BY VERSACE.      FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: COTTON SHORT SLEEVE SWEATSHIRT WITH SEQUINS BY RAF SIMONS. LINEN COTTON DOUBLE-BREASTED JACKET BY GIORGIO ARMANI AND COTTON SHIRT AND FLAT FRONT PANTS BY BERLUTI.      COTTON FLORAL PRINT JACKET, COTTON FLORAL PRINT TANK, AND NYLON SWIM TRUNKS BY MARC JACOBS AND SNAKESKIN SHOES BY BERLUTI.     WOOL NYLON DOUBLE-BREASTED JACKET AND WOOL HOT SHORTS BY LANVIN.                  Grooming Notes: Revitalizing Black Hydration Gel by Boscia, Neroli Portofino Body Moisturizer and Body Oil by Tom Ford, and Gel by Martial Vivot. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   LEATHER BOMBER AND TROUSERS WITH SIDE STRIPE DETAIL BY TIM COPPENS.     LEATHER TRENCHCOAT AND DRESS SHIRT BY SAINT LAURENT BY HEDI SLIMANE.     SATIN BOMBER BY PRADA.     DOUBLE-BREASTED BLAZER, DRESS SHIRT, PANTS, AND LACE-UP CANVAS SNEAKERS BY PRADA.     FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: TWO-BUTTON ALL-OVER SEAMED SUIT AND RACERBACK TANK BY CALVIN KLEIN. TUXEDO AND TUXEDO SHIRT BY VIKTOR & ROLF. TWO-BUTTON SUIT AND DRESS SHIRT BY HERMÈS. TUXEDO SUIT WITH SATIN FRONT PLACKET AND COTTON WOVEN T-SHIRT BY DIOR HOMME. TWO-BUTTON SUIT AND DRESS SHIRT BY KRIS VAN ASSCHE.     SUIT BY LANVIN.     DOUBLE-BREASTED SUIT AND CROSSOVER SHIRT BY EMPORIO ARMANI AND GLASSES BY MYKITA. DOUBLE-BREASTED SUIT AND WIDESPREAD COLLAR SHIRT BY PORTS 1961 AND GLASSES BY MYKITA. TWO-BUTTON SUIT AND DRESS SHIRT BY SIKI IM AND GLASSES BY MYKITA.      TWO-BUTTON SUIT AND SHIRT BY VERSACE. SUIT BY LANVIN.     DOUBLE-BREASTED SUIT AND CREWNECK SWEATER BY PORTS 1961 AND LOAFERS BY VIKTOR & ROLF.     SLEEVELESS COLLARED VEST WITH DRAWSTRING WAIST, SHORT SLEEVE DRESS SHIRT, CROPPED TROUSERS, AND LEATHER BROGUES BY KRIS VAN ASSCHE.     JUMPSUIT WITH BUTTON PLACKET AND LEATHER BELT BY HERMÈS AND SHOES BY VIKTOR & ROLF.     TWO-BUTTON BLAZER WITH EXTENDED CUFF LINING AND DRESS SHIRT BY COMME DES GARÇONS HOMME PLUS.     JACKET WITH LEATHER LAPEL BY GENERAL IDEA.     TWO-BUTTON SUIT AND DRESS SHIRT BY VALENTINO AND DERBY SHOES BY DIOR HOMME.                   Grooming Notes: Aveda men pure-formance grooming cream and aveda men pure-formance pomade by Aveda.     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   WOOL MOHAIR BROADCLOTH TWO-BUTTON SLEEVELESS BOXY JACKET AND PANTS WITH MULTI-MATERIAL PATCHWORK APPLICATIONS BY DIOR HOMME AND HEIDI METAL DESIGN STAR LOCKET AVAILABLE AT ROSEARK.     OWEN VEST IN VINTAGE WORN DENIM BY J BRAND.     SILK SHIRT BY SAINT LAURENT BY HEDI SLIMANE AND MICK SKINNY FIT JEANS BY J BRAND.     COTTON SHIRT BY DRIES VAN NOTEN AND WOOL EVENING TUXEDO PANTS BY LOUIS VUITTON.     COAT BY DRIES VAN NOTEN AND TACOMA SHIRT BY G-STAR RAW.     GABARDINE JACKET, SHORT SLEEVE FUNNEL NECK SILK SWEATER, BELT, AND CASHMERE AND SILK BANDANA BY SAINT LAURENT BY HEDI SLIMANE.      FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: FRANTIC FLORAL VOILE SHORT SLEEVE SHIRT AND LEATHER SHOES BY MARC JACOBS, TANK BY AMERICAN APPAREL, AND TROUSERS BY DKNY. SILK SHIRT BY SAINT LAURENT BY HEDI SLIMANE, MICK SKINNY FIT JEANS BY J BRAND, AND SHOES BY CONVERSE. SILK SHIRT BY PRADA, SILK BLEND MÉLANGE SHEER TANK TOP BY LOUIS VUITTON, PANTS WITH LEATHER PANEL BY ALEXANDER WANG, DUCKIES DESERT BOOTS BY SAINT LAURENT BY HEDI SLIMANE.      FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: TRUCKER VEST BY LEVI’S, JEANS BY J BRAND, AND BELT BY SAINT LAURENT BY HEDI SLIMANE. LEATHER JACKET BY BLK DNM, T-SHIRT BY BEAUTIFUL FÜL, AND JEANS BY 7 FOR ALL MANKIND. DENIM TRUCKER JACKET AND 511 SLIM FIT JEANS BY LEVI’S, COTTON SHORT SLEEVE SHIRT IN DANDELION PRINT BY AG, AND TANK BY AMERICAN APPAREL. DENIM JACKET AND BELT BY DIESEL, VINTAGE SWEATSHIRT BY LEVI’S AND JEANS BY ACNE AVAILABLE AT MADISON, LA, BOOTS BY DR. MARTENS, AND BEANIE BY AMERICAN APPAREL. WOOL PLAID BOMBER JACKET BY AG, FLANNEL PLAID SHIRT BY BEAUTIFUL FÜL, T-SHIRT BY DIESEL, AND LINCOLN DENIM SHORTS BY GUESS.     LEATHER JACKET BY SAINT LAURENT BY HEDI SLIMANE AND T-SHIRT BY JACOB HOLSTON.                  Grooming Notes: M Protect Broad Spectrum SPF 21 Daily Hydration + Protection by Clinique. Sumotech by Bumble and Bumble. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   POLYESTER T-SHIRT DRESS BY RAF SIMONS, NYLON PRINTED SWIM BRIEFS BY VERSACE, AND FINGERLESS LEATHER DRIVING GLOVES BY LACRASIA.     POLYESTER PANTS, COTTON SHORTS, SILK PANEL PRINT WRAP SKIRT AND LEATHER SANDALS BY GIVENCHY AND FLORAL NECKLACE BY ERICKSON BEAMON.     COTTON PRINTED JACKET AND COTTON SHORTS BY DRIES VAN NOTEN AND SILK LACE BRA BY VICTORIA’S SECRET.      LEATHER BACKLESS BIKER JACKET, SEQUINED SLEEVELESS TANK, WOOL SLIM HIGH WAIST PANTS, AND LEATHER BOOTS BY SAINT LAURENT BY HEDI SLIMANE.      POLYESTER SHORT SLEEVE JUMPSUIT SHORTS BY RAF SIMONS, LEATHER GLOVES BY LACRASIA, AND PEARL NECKLACE BY ERICKSON BEAMON.      COTTON NAVAL JACKET, COTTON SHORTS WITH LACE TRIM, AND HAT BY THOM BROWNE AND SILK CORSET BY AGENT PROVOCATEUR. COTTON NAVAL JACKET, COTTON LONG SLEEVE SHIRT, AND HAT BY THOM BROWNE AND COTTON THIGH HIGH STOCKINGS BY PHILIPPE MATIGNON.       COTTON LONG SLEEVE SHIRT AND SILK TIE BY BURBERRY PRORSUM AND COTTON FORM SLIMMING BOXER BRIEFS BY SHAPE BY 2(X)IST.     SILK AND LACE TRIMS LINGERIE BY VICTORIA’S SECRET AND SHEER STOCKINGS BY AMERICAN APPAREL.     SUEDE MILITARY BIKER JACKET AND ZIP FRONT SUEDE SHORTS BY VERSACE AND COTTON TIGHTS BY AMERICAN APPAREL.     PRINTED WOOL SWEATER AND SILK BOXING SHORTS BY PRADA, COTTON FORM SLIMMING BOXER BRIEFS BY SHAPE BY 2(X)IST, AND LEATHER BOOTS BY PIERRE HARDY.      POLYESTER COTTON JACKET AND LEATHER BOOTS BY LOUIS VUITTON, SILK THONG BY VICTORIA’S SECRET, AND COTTON TIGHTS BY AMERICAN APPAREL.       COTTON PRINTED JACKET BY PRADA, SILK TRUNK UNDERWEAR BY VICTORIA’S SECRET, AND THIGH HIGH STOCKINGS BY AMERICAN                   Grooming Notes: Glycerin Hand and Body Lotion and Oil Free Facial Lotion by Anthony Logistics for Men. Tonic Lotion and Prep by Bumble and bumble.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   COTTON SHORTS AND HAT BY OFF-WHITE.     PUFFER VEST BY TOPMAN, DENIM JEANS BY CALVIN KLEIN JEANS, AND LEATHER BELT BY DSQUARED2.     COTTON BRIEFS BY CALVIN KLEIN AND GOLD CHAIN BY DSQUARED2.     COTTON TANK TOP BY KENNETH COLE NEW YORK.     COTTON PRINTED SHORT SLEEVE SHIRT BY GUESS AND COTTON JEANS BY OFF-WHITE.     COTTON LONG SLEEVE SHIRT BY LUXURY + ROYALTY, DENIM CAPRI SHORTS BY TRUE RELIGION, AND LEATHER BELT BY DSQUARED2.     COTTON SHORT SLEEVE SHIRT BY KENNETH COLE NEW YORK.     MESH SHORT SLEEVE SHIRT BY OFF-WHITE AND DENIM JEANS BY RUFSKIN.     COTTON LONG SLEEVE SHIRT BY CALVIN KLEIN JEANS, DENIM JEANS BY GUESS, AND LEATHER STUDDED BELT BY DSQUARED2.     MESH TANK WITH SILK LINING BY MARC JACOBS, DENIM JEANS BY J BRAND, AND COTTON CAP BY FTCK.                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   DRESS BY BURBERRY.     FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: DRESS BY TRICO FIELD. JACKET BY TRICO FIELD. DRESS BY BURBERRY. DRESS BY MIMIVAIL. JACKET BY GANT AND SHIRT BY ROBERT GRAHAM.     BOTH DRESSES BY BURBERRY.     CARDIGAN BY SOVEREIGN CODE, SHIRT AND SHOES BY BROOKS BROTHERS, AND PANTS BY TRICO FIELD.     DRESS BY BURBERRY.     FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: DRESS BY MIMIVAIL. JACKET BY TRICO FIELD.                  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                                   Backstage at Zadig and Voltaire's F/W 2017 presentation for NYFW The Seine and the Hudson, the Eiffel tower and the Empire State building, the City of Lights and the City That Never Sleeps–Paris and NYC have long defined two distinct but complementary spheres of urban cool, and Zadig & Voltaire drew from both for their first-ever presentation in New York. Showstoppers like Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin rocked easy-to-wear styles that mixed grit and glamor, the toughness of biker-cut leather pants and boots-made-for-walking balanced with heavy knits and splashes of lipstick-red. Zadig & Voltaire also revealed a number of looks from the “See Now Buy Now” capsule, which are already available in stores and online. The timelessness of Paris merged with the forward-looking innovation of NYC–it’s a good image for Zadig & Voltaire’s dedication to authentic fashion that sets trends while staying true to its roots. Lady Liberty would be proud of the pairing. Check out the gallery for our exclusive backstage shots. Photographed by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                         Backstage and on the runway at Katie Gallagher's F/W 2017 presentation for NYFW Photography by Anna Fischer Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                              Backstage at Nicole Miller's F/W 2017 presentation for NYFW Photographed by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                     Backstage at Erin Fetherston's F/W 2017 presentation for NYFW Photography by Anna Fischer Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                      Backstage and on the runway at ADEAM's F/W 2017 presentation for NYFW Photography by Anna Fischer Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                      Backstage at Novis's F/W 2017 presentation for NYFW Photography by Anna Fischer Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Uri Minkoff SS17  
        Backstage & Presentation 
NYMD SS17 
New York Men's Fashion Week SS17     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The first large-scale traveling exhibition of contemporary Native American fashion design ends its tour. Ravers getting wasted at a festival, wearing cheap beaded headdresses adorned with gaudily colored phony feathers--this is not Native American fashion. These offensive (not to mention totally tacky) facsimiles conflate a variety of unique cultures into a stereotypical "Indian" identity, and ignore the headdress' traditional importance for the plains people, who reserved its use for male chiefs in ceremonial settings. But Native American cultures have of course evolved along with the rest of society, while still maintaining strong ties to the varied traditions and histories that have shaped them. "Native Fashion Now", a traveling exhibit that highlights contemporary fashion from artists representing a wide variety of indigenous peoples, is an example of this merging of tradition and modernity. Incorporating over seventy works spanning fifty years of design and organized into four themes--Pathbreakers, Revisitors, Activators and Provocateurs--the exhibition is the first of its kind, taking the rich and innovative fashion produced by contemporary Native American designers on the road, with New York City as the last stop. Do you need to wash the images of cultural appropriation from your brain by viewing the real thing? Need a reminder not to pack that headdress to Coachella? Maybe you just want a bit more cultural breadth than New York Fashion Week provided? Either way, catch "Native Fashion Now" before it's over. The exhibition will be at the Smithsonian’s National Museum of the American Indian from Friday, Feb. 17, 2017 through Sept. 4. Image: Margaret Roach Wheeler (Chickasaw) for Mahota Handwovens, The Messenger (The Owl) cape and headpiece, from the Mahotan Collection, 2014. Silk-wool yarn; silk-wool yarn, metal, silver, glass beads, and peacock feathers. Courtesy of the designer. Photo by Greg Hall. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    SANDRO jacket, DROME suede pants, and KURT KEIGER pumps  SANDRO top, DANIEL SILVERSTAIN skirt, MYRHH JEWELRY necklace and ring, and AMBER SCEATS earring.  IIJIN jacket, ALC zip-top, BASSIKE trousers with suspenders, and AMBER SCEATS bracelets and gold earrings, SOON rings.  DROME jacket, ALC trousers, AX AND APPLE silver bracelet, and AMBER SCEATS gold bracelet and ring.  DROME jacket, DANIEL SILVERSTAIN dress, KURT GEIGER shoes, and MYRHH JEWELRY rings.  TEATUM JONES top, ALC lace-up pants, and AX & APPLE ring. A fashion story photographed by Bil Brown and styled by Soaree Cohen, inspired by Martin Scorsese's Taxi Driver Photographed by Bil Brown (Instagram: @bilbrown)Styled by Soaree Cohen (Instagram: @soaree)Model: Sammie for Freedom ModelsHair and Makeup by Elaina Karras Jircitano (Instagram: @thebeautysensi) Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    STAMPD  STAMPD  STAMPD  STAMPD  STAMPD  STAMPD  STAMPD  STAMPD  STAMPD  STAMPD  STAMPD  STAMPD  STAMPD  STAMPD  STAMPD Backstage at STAMPD's F/W 2017 presentation for NYFW: Men's Photography by Anna Fischer Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                               Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photography by Anna Fischer Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    LOUIS VUITTON jacket, corset, and skirt.   DRIES VAN NOTEN dress and GUISEPPE ZANOTTI DESIGN booties.  RICK OWENS dress.  VALENTINO coat and skirt.  PRADA shirt, tank, and skirt, and MAISON MARGIELLA sandals.  GIVENCHY tank, corset, and skirt and CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes.  CÉLINE dress and VALENTINO sandals.  THOM BROWNE dress and CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes.  MAISON MARGIELLA jacket and skirt and CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes.  CHANEL dress and GIVENCHY shoes.  ALEXANDER MCQUEEN jacket, dress and belt and JIMMY CHOO shoes. A Spring/Summer 2017 Fashion story photographed by David Agbodji and styled by Long Nguyen. Photography: David Agbodji at Heartofbullstudio.comModel: Lais Ribeiro at Women Management, NYHair: Kyle Malone at kylemalonehair.comMakeup: Joel Vazquez at makeupbyjoel.comBeauty notes:  Skin Illusion Natural Radiance Foundation SPF 10 110 Honey, Skin Illusion Loose Powder Foundation 108 Sand and Instant Smooth Perfecting Touch by CLARINS.  Eye Reviver Illuminating Eye Palette 001, 5 Couleurs EyeShadow Palette 546 Jardin and 746 Cuir Cannage, DiorShow Pro Liner 092 Black, and Dior Show Iconic Waterproof Lash Curler Mascara 090 all by DIOR.  Rouge Coco 426 Roussy and 404 Julia, and Le Vernis 167 Ballerina and 504 Organdi by CHANEL.  Phytodefrisant Botanical Straightening Balm, PhytoSpecific Moisturizing Styling Cream and PhytoVolume Actif Volumizing Spray by PHYTO.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017           We make a visit to visual artist Shoplifter's "playground and candy store" As I enter Shoplifter’s studio in Brooklyn, I feel like Alice stepping into Wonderland. Hrafnhildur Arnardóttir AKA Shoplifter, calls this spacious and bright abode her “playground and candy store,” where her life and art coexist. Today the video shoot for the collaborative collection between Shoplifter and & Other Stories is taking place, so every room is punctuated by Shoplifter’s sculptural artworks, the wearables rolling on hangers and the moving bodies wearing them. & Other Stories, a company under H&M, is a fashion brand specializing in women’s clothing. It has launched a new collaboration with Shoplifter to translate her art into wearables. Shoplifter is an Icelandic visual artist who has resided in New York for the last 22 years. She greets me in her green and black patterned dress skirt and pants that she made for herself. Her initial engagement in fashion began when she was ten. Growing up in Iceland, “still an isolated and communist country” as she puts, she had not had access to fashion that satiated her taste. Therefore, she created her own outfits. This interest in fashion continued into her art making—one of the most well known examples is her costume design for Björk’s album cover for Medúlla. The costume is made from hair, a media Shoplifter explores in depth in her artistic practice. She voices her excitement about this collaboration with & Other Stories for allowing her to make a coherent collection of wearables that are available to the general public. From manicure to anorak, the collection is quite “hairy”—her past works of various braided hair are printed in bright colors on t-shirts and leggings, and her furry smiley face is transformed into a shoulder bag. The collection is not only rich in texture and color, but also transmits joy and playfulness. Calling herself a maximalist, optimist, and colorist, Shoplifter wants her items to be something that can break the routine of a stable wardrobe to provide fun accents. “Some people are afraid to be more colorful. I hope to encourage people to wear more colors!” The wearables, she explains, are to inspire creative fashion, in which there are multiple ways to wear a cloth. As an example, she shows how a scarf can be transformed into a shirt or a hair accessory. With delight, Shoplifter views the new collection as a performance of her work on people. “It’s like my work has snuck out of the studio, and is hanging out with people in the world.” The collection is endearingly named “Shoppy’s Flirtation” by one of & Other Stories’ staff. Shoplifter adds with a mischievous smile, “I’m flirting with fashion. As in flirtation, you can do it again and again.” The new collection is available in stores and online in Feb 2017. Written by Inky Lee Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Ovadia & Sons  Ovadia & Sons  Ovadia & Sons  Ovadia & Sons  Ovadia & Sons  Ovadia & Sons  Ovadia & Sons  Ovadia & Sons  Ovadia & Sons  Ovadia & Sons  Ovadia & Sons  Ovadia & Sons  Ovadia & Sons  Ovadia & Sons  Ovadia & Sons  Ovadia & Sons  Ovadia & Sons  Ovadia & Sons  Ovadia & Sons  Ovadia & Sons Photography by Anna Fischer         Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Private Policy  Private Policy  Private Policy  Private Policy  Private Policy  Private Policy  Private Policy  Private Policy  Private Policy  Private Policy  Private Policy  Private Policy  Private Policy  Private Policy  Private Policy  Private Policy Backstage at Private Policy's F/W 2017 presentation for NYFW: Men's Photography by Anna Fischer Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      EFM Menswear  
        Backstage at EFM Menswear's F/W 2017 presentation for NYFW: Men's Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photography by Anna Fischer Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photography by Anna Fischer Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by Marsha Lebedev Bernstein Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                          Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    ALEXANDER WANG sweater and talent’s own necklace.               WILDFOX sweater, JANEY LOPATY top, KSUBI jeans, DR.MARTEN’S shoes, ALEXANDER WANG choker, and TRACI LYNN jewelry (all worn throughout). Left to right: KSUBI shirt, LEVI’S jeans, and talent’s own shoes and earrings. WILDFOX sweater,  KSUBI jeans, DR.MARTEN’S shoes, ALEXANDER WANG choker, and TRACI LYNN jewelry (all worn throughout). Left to Right: HELMUT LANG sweatshirt and skirt. ALEXANDER WANG sweater and talent’s own jeans and necklace. NIKE sneakers. RAG & BONE sweater and pants. CONVERSE sneakers. ALEXANDER WANG sweater and talent’s own necklace. HELMUT LANG sweatshirt and skirt. Lucas and Thurston wear their own clothing. Left to right: DSQUARED2 jacket, G-STAR RAW shirt, and LEVI’S jeans. IIJIN shirt,  CALVIN KLEIN t-shirt and JUST CAVALLI jeans. Left to right: WILDFOX shirt, DSQUARED2 sweatshirt. WILDFOX sweater. Left to right: DSQUARED2 skirt and sweatshirt. DSQUARED2 jacket,  G-STAR RAW shirt, and LEVI’S jeans. Left to right: KSUBI shirt, LEVI’S jeans, and talent’s own earrings. IIJIN shirt, CALVIN KLEIN t-shirt, and JUST CAVALLI jeans. Left to right: KSUBI shirt, LEVI’S jeans, and talent’s own shoes and earrings. WILDFOX sweater, JANEY LOPATY top, KSUBI jeans, DR.MARTEN’S shoes, ALEXANDER WANG choker, and TRACI LYNN jewelry. DSQUARED2 jacket,  G-STAR RAW shirt,  LEVI’S jeans, and CONVERSE sneakers. DSQUARED2 sweatshirt and skirt and NIKE sneakers. Left to right: COMME DES GARÇON sweater and talent’s own underwear. WILDFOX sweater and FOR LOVE AND LEMONS underwear. DSQUARED2 dress and talent’s own necklace. Left tor right: WILDFOX sweater, ALEXANDER WANG choker, and TRACI LYNN JEWELRY earrings. KIT AND ACE t-shirt and JUST CAVALLI jeans. KSUBI shirt and LEVI’S jeans. DSQUARED2 dress and talent’s own necklace. Gabby wears her own clothing.     It’s Sexy Because It Hurts, It’s Sexy Because It’s A School Night A Fall Winter 2016 Fashion Story Photographed by Daria Kobayashi Ritch and Styled by Sara Paulsen Hollywood High Students on what makes the night: Sidney, 16: “It’s time to steal mom and dad’s car and drive down to my girlfriend’s house.” Oscar, 14: “It depends where you live, sometimes it’s peaceful and sometimes it’s not, ‘cause gunshots and stuff like that. I feel calm cause my area is not loud. In the night I can sleep calmly, during the day it’s so loud.” Janet, 15: “At night time I tell my parents I’m sleeping somewhere when I’m sleeping somewhere else.” Maria, 16: “It’s very peaceful and it’s a nice time to just think about what has happened throughout the day and just be by yourself with your thoughts. I like to see the constellations and play around with them, basically.” Aldo, 17: “I like it. I’d rather be in the night than the day since it’s fresher. I’m a cyclist so I prefer riding in the night because it’s less cars and more fun and it’s more exciting since you can’t really see stuff. Makes me feel relaxed overall and less stressed with nothing to really worry about cause I know it’s the end of the day.”     Photographer: Daria Kobayashi Ritch.Stylist: Sara Paulsen for Art Department.Models: Cynda And Gabbriette for Ford Models, Kendall for Freedom Models, and Lucas and Thurston for Vision.Hair: Jenelle Oldham.Makeup: Karina Moore.Styling Assistant: Elizabeth Carvalho. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Now That’s Apocalyptic  CHANEL blazer, PRADA coat, and MAX MARA hooded top.  CHANEL blazer, PRADA coat, and MAX MARA hooded top.  A.W.A.K.E. coat, CHRISTOPHER KANE shirt, and MIU MIU pants.  A.W.A.K.E. coat, CHRISTOPHER KANE shirt, and MIU MIU pants.  KENZO jacket, MOTHER OF PEARL top, MSGM jeans, and LOUIS VUITTON boots.  Now That’s Apocalyptic  LOUIS VUITTON rain coat, shorts, and boots.  LOUIS VUITTON coat, shorts, and boots.  MIU MIU top, ROCHAS skirt, and LOUIS VUITTON boots.  MIU MIU top, ROCHAS skirt, and LOUIS VUITTON boots.  DIOR cardigan, JOSEPH shorts.  JOSEPH coat and suit.  SONIA RYKIEL coat and PRADA hood.  PRADA coat and model’s own boots.  ROKSANDA dress and model’s own pants.  Now That’s Apocalyptic A fall/winter fashion story photographed by Antoine Harinthe and styled by Francesca Turner Photographer: Antoine HarintheStylist: Francesca TurnerModel: Manami Kinoshita for Storm Model ManagementHair: Stelios Chondros using Bumble and BumbleMakeup: Anastasia Borovik using M.A.C CosmeticsPhotography Assistant: Stephane SbStyling Assistant: Rosie FootittLocation: Jump Photographic Studio Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Radhika Nair made waves this past Spring/Summer 2017 season as the first Indian model to ever walk for Balenciaga. We gave her the keys to the Flaunt Instagram so that she could take us on a ride through New York Fashion Week from her perspective:           Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Nightclubs are spaces of energy and release, a place to cast off work-week worries and inhabit a truer, freer self. The sun sets and inhibitions are left behind, music enlivening the bodies of congregating dancers, the darkness and anonymity allowing for self-reinvention and the amalgamation of people and cultures who might not cross paths during the day. This is the space that "Club Ark Eternal", a short film released by KENZO to announce the Spring-Summer 2017 season, celebrates. As KENZO describes it: "'Club Ark Eternal' is a tribute to club culture at a time of tragedy. With clubbing spaces obviously needing to be understood and protected, we tried to think of impossible alternatives. With many countries around the world entering a winter of the soul, we wanted to celebrate the kids who go out in 15°F/-2°C. The movie captures the moment when people end up dancing alone, lost in themselves. Maybe they arrived a little early or maybe it’s 6am and the place is emptying. Maybe they withdrew from a packed dancefloor but kept on dancing to muffled music, on a balcony, in a hallway, in a kitchen. The film is a series of solos, some deeply autotelic, some more open and willing to connect.  By bringing party lights into Franklin Canyon, the natural world is turned into a club. The presentation is as fitful and irregular as the dances freestyled by the performers and framed by Ryan Heffington. The dances are intended to repel personal or political demons. Dances that aim to seduce or destroy. Rituals of remembrance or oblivion." Written and Directed by Partel Oliva Movement Director: Ryan Heffington Director of Photography: Jason McCormick Dancers / co-choreographers: Tiffany Aliyah, Jonathan Bourdine, Junji Dezaki, Arne Gjelten, Habby Jacques, Alexander Pelaez, LaTonya Swann, Calvin Tolbert Jr Stylist: Miyako Bellizi Hair Stylist: Tanya Melendez Make-Up Artist: Mia Yang Original music by Lafawndah and BR-RR Additional music by Caroline Shaw, “Courante” performed by Roomful Of Teeth Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Sunglasses: Revé by René Sculptures by Brian Rochefort  Sunglasses: Revé by René Sculptures by Brian Rochefort  Sunglasses: Revé by René Sculptures by Brian Rochefort  Sunglasses: Revé by René Sculptures by Brian Rochefort  Sunglasses: Revé by René Sculptures by Brian Rochefort  Sunglasses: Revé by René Sculptures by Brian Rochefort  Sunglasses: Revé by René Sculptures by Brian Rochefort The essences of a menagerie of mythical animals metamorphosed into sunglasses, the wearer magically transformed by cat ears, a monster’s brow, or the horn of a unicorn–this is what the Revé by René sunglasses line offers. Her whimsical designs have charmed the Asian and European markets already, landing placement at esteemed stockists like Collette in Paris, and now René Chu is bringing her Revé (a play on the French word for dream) line stateside. It’s something of a homecoming. Chu is a graduate of Los Angeles’ Fashion Institute of Design and Merchandising, and the playful design of her glasses seems right in line with the classically L.A. love for self-reinvention. After attending a fabulous launch party at the Pancake Collective headquarters which paired the glasses with gorgeous sculptures by Brian Rochefort, we spoke to René Chu about the creative process, finding inspiration, and her path as a designer. From where did you draw inspiration as you designed the Revé line? Inspiration can come from anywhere, but more than anything else, I find inspiration from my dreams and life events. Dreams have a way of of piecing together facets of your being that is thought-provoking, honest and unpretentious. So I believe that inspiration really comes down to living life, keeping an open mind, allowing myself to grow as an individual and being sensitive to the process – some of the best inspiration has come to me when I least expect it, this sense of surprise translates well in my design. Can you talk a little bit about the path you took to becoming a designer? A rollercoaster ride, blood sweat and tears in every sense of the expression. I came across a quote by Anthony Kiedis that so accurately depicts the process of starting and bringing something to fruition – “I’ve wanted to feel pleasure to the point of insanity. They call it getting high, because it’s wanting to know that higher level, that godlike level. You want to touch the heavens, you want to feel glory and euphoria, but the trick is it takes work. You can’t buy it, you can’t get it on a street corner, you can’t steal it or inject it or shove it up your ass, you have to earn it.” Shortcuts just don’t work for tall orders. Your glasses have a playful feel, with elements that reference fantasy and cartoons–cats, unicorns, and monsters, for instance. Why did you wish to include those elements in your designs? The playfulness and interchangeable elements were really born out of the realization that there are no such thing as adults. Children are the most creative creatures in the world because they’re not encumbered by the need to live by a definition or a set of misguided expectations. I wanted to preserve the sense of wonder, curiosity, and exploration. How did the Revé brand get its start? Revé started as a search to find a pair of sunglasses that incorporated the playfulness and element of personalization that I wanted 3 years ago. And when I didn’t find it I decided to design my own. What ensued was a lot of sacrifice, hard work and persistence. I can still remember how overwhelmed I was when Colette became my first stockist. Since then we’ve enjoyed a growing presence around Asia, Europe, and now the United States; and we’re both grateful for the opportunity and excited at the prospect of sharing more of what Revé has to offer. What specifically interested you about sunglasses as a designer? I just love sunglasses. It’s the only fashion accessory that both reveals and conceals at the same time. As a Hong Kong based designer, are there any differences or special considerations in designing for a Hong Kongese, American, and a European audience? Or is fashion becoming universal? Cultures, way of life, can and do differ, but there are things that we all share as human beings. And that is the universality that I seek. Our need for creative space, the desire to relate and to derive meaning is common to all. To the best of my ability I try to have those universalities expressed. What do you think the future holds for you as a designer? What would you like to achieve next? I hope to be in the position to cultivate and catapult inspired young females in the pursuit of their own dreams. And as a designer, my goal is explore different facets/mediums of design. Complacency is the prelude to atrophy. Sink or swim. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    THOM BROWNE jacket, shorts, and shoes, GIVENCHY tank, and NIKE socks.  SACAI coat and pants, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI sneakers, and HANES socks.  DIOR HOMME jacket, tank, and pants, SACAI boots, and model’s own rings.  HERMÈS shirt and shorts, GUCCI sandals, HANES socks, and model’s own watch, bracelet and ring.  OFF-WHITE sweater, PUBLIC SCHOOL skirt, and Y-3 sneakers.  GUCCI shirt, sweater and pants, and model’s own watch, bracelet, and ring.  GIVENCHY coat and chest pack and RICK OWENS FOR ADIDAS boots.  Left to right: PUBLIC SCHOOL coat and pants. PRADA coat and pants and Y-3 sneakers.  HOOD BY AIR shirt, Y-3 sneakers, and model’s own rings.  DIOR HOMME jacket, tank, and pants, SACAI boots, and model’s own rings. Photographer: Kevin Amato. Models: Bloody Osiris, Joey Rubino, Malachai Spivey, and Luca Bela Venezia for Mother Division.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    HENRY HUSSEY X MSGM top, MSGM pants and sneakers, and stylist’s own accessories (worn throughout).  HENRY HUSSEY X MSGM jacket, jeans, and belt.  HENRY HUSSEY X MSGM sweatshirt.  Left to right: HENRY HUSSEY X MSGM sweatshirt and guard’s own shirt, pants, and sneakers. MSGM pants and sneakers.  MSGM shirts and sneakers and stylists own safety vest. “I wish I cared about you more but I don’t.” So reads a red raw-cut t-shirt from the new MSGM collaboration with British artist Henry Hussey. The collection, described by Hussey as “impulsive, bold, and fallible” and by Massimo Giorgetti, the Italian founder and lead designer of the fashion house MSGM, as “energy, emotion, and freedom,” came about when an art dealer introduced Giorgetti to Hussey’s textiles. “I find the vitally of MSGM collections invigorating. There is an immediacy and exuberance that I responded to,” Hussey said. “I endeavored to continue in this vein to create imagery that is visually arresting, which refuses to be overshadowed.” Founded in 2008 during the global financial crisis by Giorgetti (“almost like a joke” he adds, mischievously), the designer predicted psychedelic prints in fluorescent colors would be the much-needed antidote for a culture in financial melancholy. He was right. Going forward, Giorgetti wants MSGM to “keep the cool look it has now. I don’t want it to lose any of its freshness, its sense of irony or its audacity for which it’s known and appreciated.” Only picturing a few pieces from Hussey at first, after working with the artist, Giorgetti became so enthusiastic he decided to showcase an entire capsule collection with him. Mostly, Giorgetti was impressed by “his passion for texture, for three-dimensionality, and his very strong, disturbing, irreverent aesthetic sense,” he added, “I was deeply moved by his words in the embroidery.” The words spun through the textures of the garments challenge its model, similarly to the experiences which made Hussey into the person he is today. “I have changed quite dramatically in the past decade so I was interested to retrace these steps not necessarily to romanticize or reminisce, but to get an understanding of how the perception of myself has altered.” Hussey believes the men most interested in wearing the collection will posses a hedonistic youth with a stalwart impulse to not be restrained. “[The collection] will always be linked to the seismic period during a man’s life where you test boundaries and begin to define yourself.” Comprehensively, the men see the collection as a wrinkle in time, drawing from their own thick textile histories laid out before them. They hope the dialogue and imagery of the collection can be spun into singular moments of the present—like pictures, but richer. They hope that in many years they can look back at the garments with knowing smiles, remembering that they too are fallible. Written by Miles Griffis Photographer: David Gomez Maestre. Stylist: Zoe Costello for Jed Root. Model: Jonas Boons for Photogenics Media. Groomers: Holly Silius. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Left to right: OFFICINE GÉNÉRALE jacket, pants, and model’s own jewelry (worn throughout). MOSCHINO jacket and pants. RAF SIMONS shirt and BUSCEMI sneakers. Left to right: ALEXANDER WANG jacket and pants and T BY ALEXANDER WANG shirt. SAINT LAURENT jacket, shirt, and jeans. GYPSY SPORT top and shorts and NIKE SB ZOOM sneakers. PUBLIC SCHOOL jumpsuit and FLORSHEIM shoes. VERSACE coat and shirt. Left to right: TOMAS MAIER shirt and pants. COACH jacket, shirt, and pants. RICK OWENS top and pants. BAJA EAST poncho. Left to right: TOM FORD jacket and jeans and NIKE sneakers. 3.1 PHILLIP LIM shirt and pants and BUSCEMI sneakers. Fashion Editor: Zaquan Champ.Models: Cesar Ernesto Nunez for Red Model Management and Jordan Torres For ReQuest Models.Grooming Notes: KIEHL’S Ultra Facial Cream, Creamy Eye Treatment with Avocado and Creme de Corps. BUMBLE AND BUMBLE. Hairdressers’ Invisible Oil, Thickening Full Form Mousse, and Curl Pre-Style/Re-Style Primer. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Ellie wears GUESS skirt.  Ellie wears GUESS jacket.    Bryana wears GUESS shirt.    Rachel wears GUESS jeans.    Ellie and Rachel wear GUESS sweatshirts.  Kara wears GUESS vest and jeans.    Kara wears GUESS jacket and bodysuit.  Bryana wears GUESS shirt.    Rachel wears GUESS jumpsuit. A skip through the hallways of Guess headquarters in Downtown Los Angeles is a bit like an astral tour high above DTLA at the famous, mysterious, Griffith Park Observatory. At the Observatory, you’ll interactively witness how seemingly designed ripples through our universe precipitate star showers, stellar explosions, and alluring phenomena—an experience not unlike my morning spent with co-founder and Chief Creative Officer of Guess, Inc., Paul Marciano. Marciano’s universal ripple across the fashion industry has seen similar, star-sputtering effects, constellating the careers of numerous models and photographers, and defining a lifestyle that is inarguably—and therein durably—the sexy, carefree world of Guess. Consider some of the names the brand has put into orbit: Gigi Hadid, Ellen von Unwerth, Claudia Schiffer, Anna-Nicole Smith, Carré Otis, Laetitia Casta, Allesandra Ambrosio, Kate Upton, and Dewey Nicks. Marciano was born in Morocco in 1953 to a Jewish family of rabbi forefathers, and thereafter raised in Marseilles. As a young man, he worked in his family’s clothing shop on the French Riviera before a trip to Southern California left he and his three brothers enchanted with the beauty and lifestyle. Then, following political challenges in France, his family uprooted to the Southland. The Marciano brothers founded Guess jeans in 1981, with Paul taking on the role of Creative Director and launching the iconic aesthetic that has defined the brand. By 1999 he was the co-CEO with his brother Maurice, before becoming the sole CEO in 2007. Currently he is the Executive Chairman of the Board and CCO. Over coffee, Marciano tells me of the first campaign he created for the brand, at a time when he had one store under his wings and only fifteen to twenty million dollars in total annual business. The aspirations were high: he deeply admired Ralph Lauren and Calvin Klein’s campaigns, as well as the vision of Bruce Weber. So Marciano journeyed to New York to meet with Weber, and following a brief interaction with the photographer at a store on 16th Street, he was directed to Weber’s agent. A bit of polite back and forth followed, and then Marciano was given the proposed day rate for Weber to take on the Guess campaign. The fee astounded him, he tells me, his eyes wide: “I said, ‘What is that for? Are you serious?’ And she says, ‘This is Bruce Weber.’ So I say ok, and return to LA where I find an unknown photographer, an unknown model, an unknown stylist, and we loaded up my car and went to Laguna Beach. Every campaign featured long-haired women at the time, like Brooke Shields, but I went with super short hair, denim unwashed, muddy, unprepared, completely street-looking, and the opposite to what you saw at the time with Calvin Klein where it’s perfectly done, studio, fan blowing the hair, a normal shoot—I did the opposite.” The opposite could veritably describe much of what Marciano has built here and around the world. The following seasons’ campaigns would see, for instance, a daring injection of black and white color treatment, lending a timeless confidence to the imaging—the opposite of the early ‘80s status quo. And whereas sex and sexiness certainly defined and continued to define the brand, one of Marciano’s critical stipulations, and perhaps the most important, is that the models look healthy—that the attitude is playful and joyous, and that the talent has not been used to promote product elsewhere. While that may seem like a healthy, obvious approach to business, much of the fashion terrain isn’t healthy, instead upholding unrealistic beauty standards, model / campaign mimicry, and a tortured, repressed demeanor or attitude in much of its imaging. “I don’t get it,” Marciano shrugs when asked about the prevalence of ultra-skinny, seemingly emotionally tortured models. “Who actually likes that?” But it’s clear that Marciano does get something: his gut. And his instincts have grown an empire and a dreamy American attitude that continues to showcase talent (be it in front of the lens or behind it) that seasons later become household names. During the course of my tour through the years, Marciano touches on the prevalence of Instagram and its influence on his creative decisions, the occasional frustrations of being too ahead of the curve [a problem Flaunt routinely labors under], and his Guess-like aspirations for the former Scottish Rite Masonic Temple on Wilshire Boulevard in Los Angeles, a massive facility he and his brother, Maurice, are flipping into a full-on art museum of emerging artists. How do you feel you’ve worked to maintain, after 35 years, that sexy, confident, unmistakable brand identity? From the first shoot I ever did—which I still do because I never have worked with anadvertising agency, ever—I always wanted to have new talent. I always wanted to helpnew photographers, new models that nobody knows, new stylists that nobodyknows. That’s something that I’m proud of. That’s the beauty of Guess—that we tryto take a different road, not just the safe road. Go to the big, super-known, topphotographers, and you know what you’ll get; it’s safe, it’s insurance. We don’t wantto take insurance. We want to take the risk. Many brands look to other brands for whom to cast, how to cast, how to art direct. You guys are the influence in many ways.  It’s not exciting for me to take a super model and make her bigger—but it’s super exciting for me to take someone like Kate Upton, or Gigi, and to make them who they are, and then say, ”They started with Guess.” Is it luck, is it just that I know what I want? Is it a combination? It’s also about being confident and doing what is right in your own eyes, and you just stay with it. How do you feel you’ve kept the sexuality of Guess consistent?  Across our campaigns, there is always a sense of sensuality and seduction, and I feel that because I’m crazy about the movies in the '50s and '60s—old Italian and French movies, like the movie with Brigitte Bardot, And God Created Woman. In it is a pure seduction, a pure sensuality, a pure femininity, but a woman who will never cross that line and become vulgar or trashy. Can you speak of a time where your confidence in what was sexy was tested?  Well, for example, when I took a girl who was completely different like Drew Barrymore, she was not the typical Guess girl. She’s not too tall, she’s 5’7, 5’6, short hair, skinny, and at the time I think she was 18, 19, and it was a big risk because it was the complete opposite of what I had done with some of the other girls. I didn’t have at that time a guideline of where I was going with Drew Barrymore. She was not doing well at that time, she was not shooting, she was not working, she had some issues, she had tattoos at a time when very few people did, so it was a bit of a challenge, a risk. But when I saw the pictures, I loved the pictures, and we put them everywhere, everywhere. And then I had something happen in life—it was the big time of Kate Moss—by pure accident, I meet a girl named Vickie Hogan, who would become Anna Nicole Smith. And she came with her son to shoot for kids, she was working in Texas at a restaurant. When I saw her I said, ‘Who are you?’ And she says ‘That’s my son!’ And I say ‘Okay, well have you done pictures?’ And she says ‘no,’ and I say, ‘okay can you take pictures today?’ And I took pictures that day. Eventually things changed, she started to live a different lifestyle, she stopped showing up, so we said, okay we’re done. But she was an amazing voice for us. Having been casting models and creating campaigns for decades now, social media sites like Instagram must create an entirely new approach for such things? Now I am in control. I do my own search. I don’t have to go through an agent, I don’t have to deal with bookers who sometimes drive me crazy. I mean, suddenly we have the freedom to search any place, any person anywhere in the world. Columbia, Venezuela, Russia, China, anywhere! It’s just to see and find what fits my eyes. And are you finding a new “type” or girl or it’s similar to what you’ve always been after?   Everything for me is about life. It’s about positivity, it’s about simply being happy and enjoying the moment. I don’t want to be reflecting an image of a girl with tired eyes or who looks unhealthy or obsessed with weight and being skinny enough to do runways. I don’t get it and I will never get it. Call me old-fashioned, passé, whatever you want but no man is trying to get this kind of woman, not one. Men and women both like the kind of women who are voluptuous, who are feminine, who are healthy, who are comfortable with who they are and not trying to project an image that they don’t want to, but they have to because of their job. It’s all about having fun. And do you ever feel like you don’t get the appreciation or the recognition for doing so because you were so early? Like almost too early? I do, honestly I do. And sometimes it frustrates me. And what can I do? I try to eliminate that point in my mind because it will take away my creative side. But sometimes it affects me to see.  And the list is long, as of even now. I mean now, Kate Upton—I mean, we shot and shot Kate Upton so many times, and I think now she did Sports Illustrated. They think she went straight to Sports Illustrated. No, we brought her there. And it was like we shot her years before. If you take Sports Illustrated every season, there is at least 15 pages of Guess girls. Half of those did Victoria’s Secret right after they started with us, way before. But I don’t try to spend too much time on that because I’m always looking for the next person for me. The denim industry, the apparel industry on the whole, is certainly a challenging one. You’ve had your ups and downs like anyone, but what would you say has defined your longevity? We try to stay true to who we are. We try to stay true to our roots. I don’t want to chase trends. I don’t want to do that. I try to combine simple things. To have an image with healthy and positive and beautiful and attractive. We have a great product, at a reasonable price. We’ve had a simple formula. In the 1980s, do you think I thought one day I would have 2,000 stores? I thought if I had 20 stories I would be the best of the best of the best. And that came about because of the brand. We expanded the name of Guess throughout the world. We are everywhere, every country you tell me, every capital city we have stores there right now. What can you tell me about the Masonic Temple on Wilshire at this point?   We’re excited to be able to show new sculptures, new painters, and new artists. New talent—we have so much here in California, but they don’t have a venue, and the galleries are scared to give them space, but we are a huge, huge museum, and our idea is not to put our collection—of course we can put up our collection—the idea is to have a venue for new talent to say, here it is, here’s space, and if you’re really good, it’s yours. We want to connect to universities, schools, artists to come and be able to have a free space for them to look at not only the known artists, but a place to see all the upcoming artists, we want to find and show those artists that we think have the potential to explode, and we want to offer them a place to find their potential. Photographer: Yu Tsai For Opus Reps.Stylist: Emma Trask for Opus Beauty.Models: Ellie Gonsalves, Bryana Holly for No Ties Management, Rachel Mortenson for Next Model Management, and Kara Del Toro for Elite Model Management.Hair: Ryan Richman for Starworks Artists.Makeup: Kathy Jeung for Forward Artists.Manicure: Lisa Pena-Wong for Opus Beauty.Producer: Trever Swearingen for 88 Phases Creative Agency.Photography Assistants: Graham Dalton and Huel Tavares.Makeup Assistant: Keely Maroney.Digital Tech: Luis Jaime. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    BURBERRY coat, ETRO jacket, and BROOKLYN SMITHY choker.  Left to right: LANVIN shirt, DIOR HOMME pants and ring, NIKE sneakers, BROOKLYN SMITHY choker, LITTLE KING JEWELRY necklace, EDDIE BORGO ring, ICARUS & CO. bracelets, and TOPMAN bracelets. PHILIPP PLEIN turtleneck, VERSACE pants, CONVERSE sneakers, WORTH & WORTH hat, EDDIE BORDO necklace, BROOKYLN SMITHY choker and ring, DOVER STREET MARKET necklace, ALEXANDER MCQUEEN ring, and LITTLE KING JEWELRY ring (all jewelry worn throughout).  JEFFREY RÜDES coat, GIVENCHY hoodie, GUCCI pants, VANS sneakers, and AMERICAN APPAREL socks.  RAF SIMONS hoodie, ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA shirt, and MARNI pants.  Left to right: ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA sweater and DAANG GOODMAN FOR TRIPP NYC jeans. JIL SANDER vest, ACT LIKE YOU KNOW t-shirt,  KENZO pants, and BROOKLYN SMITHY choker.  DIESEL BLACK GOLD jacket, DIOR HOMME shirt, and ALEXANDER MCQUEEN pants.  SALVATORE FERRAGAMO vest, VETEMENTS pants and belt, and BROOKLYN SMITHY choker.  CHRISTIAN DADA jacket, Stylist’s own top, DICKIES shorts, ALEXANDER WANG boots, and AMERICAN APPAREL socks.  Left to right: PRADA sweater and GUCCI jeans. DAANG GOODMAN FOR TRIPP NYC sweater and model’s own pants. Fine, I’ll Stay Home And RaveA Fall/Winter 2016 Fashion Story Photographed by Kristina Wilson and Styled by Rika WatanabePhotographer: Kristiina Wilson.Stylist: Rika Watanabe.Models: Josh Edwards and Austin Weinreb for D1 Models.Groomer: Yuui. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    GUCCI jacket and PALM ANGELS hoodie.  GUCCI jacket and PALM ANGELS hoodie.  GUCCI jacket, PALM ANGELS hoodie, vintage jeans, and CRAIG GREEN shoes.  GUCCI jacket and pants and FENDI slippers.  LANVIN shirt and AG jeans.  PRADA coat, OPENING CEREMONY shirt, BURBERRY shirt, HUDSON JEANS jeans, and CONVERSE sneakers.  MICHAEL KORS cardigan, stylist’s own t-shirt, G-STAR RAW jeans, LANVIN sneakers, and DIOR necklace.  C2H4 hoodie.  FENDI sweater, VALENTINO jeans, and vintage belt.  GUESS jacket, CH24 jeans, and LOUIS VUITTON choker.  BURBERRY jacket.  BURBERRY jacket, NIRVANA t-shirt available at Chapel, CH24 jeans, and CONVERSE sneakers. Hugs Hustler A Fall Winter 2016 Fashion Story Photographer: Shane McCauley for Tack Artist Group.Stylist: Zoe Costello for Jed Root.Model: Turner Barbur for Photogenics.Groomer: Amber Duarte for The Rex Agency using Oribe. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Director: Kristiina WilsonStylist: Joshua Liebman Hair: Linda Shalabi Makeup: Cedric Jolivet Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Prada Releases New Designs for their Baroque Minimal Sunglasses Line  Prada Releases New Designs for their Baroque Minimal Sunglasses Line  Prada Releases New Designs for their Baroque Minimal Sunglasses Line  Prada Releases New Designs for their Baroque Minimal Sunglasses Line  Prada Releases New Designs for their Baroque Minimal Sunglasses Line  Prada Releases New Designs for their Baroque Minimal Sunglasses Line Baroque and Minimal are two words that don’t usually come together. One calls to mind the decadently decorated while the other connotes the stripping away of excess in favor of clean functionality. But Prada clearly doesn’t mind dabbling in contradiction, and with their Baroque Minimal Sunglass Line they make it look good, too. Launched in 2011, the Baroque Minimal line quickly became iconic for their elegantly exaggerated floral accents, innovative combinations of material, and refined practicality. This year Prada is releasing the glasses in three new styles, each offering a different mélange of the two improbably paired aesthetic approaches, falling variously on the spectrum that runs from minimal-est to baroque as a joke. Check out our gallery to see the designs, or visit your local Prada boutique or high-end retailer to see them in person and to pick up a pair for yourself.  Images courtesy of Prada Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    ROLEX ‘Oyster Perpetual Cosmograph Daytona’ 40mm watch in 18k yellow gold with fixed engraved bezel and Oyster bracelet.  OMEGA ‘Seamaster Aqua Terra 150M’ Master Co-Axial 41.5MM stainless steel watch with stainless steel bracelet.  GUCCI stainless steel watch with sliver sun-brushed dial.  TAG HEUER ‘Aquaracer’ 300m Caliber 5, 41mm automatic stainless steel watch with nylon strap.  LOUIS VUITTON ‘Voyager Chronograph’ 43.7mm stainless steel watch with taurillon calf strap.  HUBLOT ‘King Power Oceanographic’ 48mm carbon fiber titanium watch with rubber strap.  CHRIS AIRE ‘Aire Parlay Ambidextrous’ the 316 L steel case and bracelet is finished with a black diamond coated PVD case  CARTIER ‘Calibre de Cartier Diver’ 42mm watch in 18k rose gold with rubber strap. Photographer: Kenji Toma. Stylist: Joshua Liebman for Honey Artists. Retouching: Guillermo Cano. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Eco-friendly brand Reformation debuts collaboration with luxe e-retailer Net-a-porter  Eco-friendly brand Reformation debuts collaboration with luxe e-retailer Net-a-porter  Eco-friendly brand Reformation debuts collaboration with luxe e-retailer Net-a-porter  Eco-friendly brand Reformation debuts collaboration with luxe e-retailer Net-a-porter Can we possibly be stylish and eco-friendly at the same time? The Reformation has been asking this question for the last seven years, and doing one hell of a job making it a reality. For the first time in the brand’s history, the products will be available to the public on a global scale. Net-a-porter, an e-commerce giant with its own e-magazine, is teaming up with the trendy US brand to create something special. This unique collaboration has produced a capsule collection consisting of 21 pieces from The Reformation’s line, all designed with the holiday party season in mind. With a range of $120 to about $400, the collection closely reflects typical price points found at The Reformation. Net-a-porter’s VP of global buying, Sarah Rutson, believes the collaboration was a natural fit for the site and its customers, as “Party dressing is very much part of Reformation’s DNA…” While it may not be the ideal sustainable advocate, The Reformation’s transparency of information, including how much water and carbon dioxide were saved, is a step in the right direction. With the help of a hugely successful luxury online retailer, the eco-label will penetrate new areas of the market, gaining greater success not just for itself, but for the planet and the sake of the fashion industry in general. Written by Olivia Jakli Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Artist: Chris Martin  Artist: Daniel Gordon  Artist: Ian Davenport  Artist: Jason Martin  Artist: Marc Quinn  Artist: Marc Quinn  Artist: Mat Collishaw  Artist: Matthew Porter  Artist: Matthew Porter Upon it’s debut in 1995—competing directly with the Hermès Kelly bag and Chanel’s quilted bag—the Lady Dior bag became an enormous success. Gaining an early fan in Princess Diana, the royal’s charm and sophistication were mirrored in the chicness and simplicity of the bag, which was renamed in her honor when she suffered a fatal accident in 1997. Recently, Lady Dior has undergone a makeover. The Couture powerhouse announced this past week a limited edition collection of the bag, featuring the works of seven talented artists: Chris Martin, Daniel Gordon, Ian Davenport, Jason Martin, Marc Quinn, Mat Collishaw, and Matthew Porter. Each bag is carefully crafted with memorable prints from these contemporary artists’ collections. Only 100 reproductions of each style are to be made, establishing these pieces as quite the rarity and a source of envy amongst the world’s elite. The bags are truly unique art pieces to collect, with exquisite designs including a frog print from Chris Martin, a blue iris print by Marc Quinn and even a flying car piece from photographer Matthew Porter. It’s amazing how seamlessly these images, created from a range of media including oil paints and Photoshop, can translate onto this classic canvas. While most of the bags range between four and six thousand, be sure to save for the geo-printed black-and-white mink Daniel Gordon bag, which will run you about $11K. While most follow the official Lady Dior bag with top-handle, wallet-size and keychain versions are also available. Each one features the signature metallic charms which spell out “Dior.” Officially launching on November 29th at Art Basel in Miami, you can peruse this exclusive collection of Lady Dior bags from December through March at a pop-up boutique in Los Angeles. Continuations of the pop-up will soon follow in the major cities of Korea, London, China, Dubai, and Paris. Written by Olivia Jakli Images courtesy Dior Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    DIOR HOMME jacket, shirt, and pants, vintage corset available at Wasteland, and VIVIENNE WESTWOOD shoes.  Kimono and vintage GUCCI sweater available at Wasteland, PAUL SMITH shirt, MCQ shorts, VIVIENNE WESTWOOD shoes, and STANCE socks.  ACNE STUDIOS poncho, pants, and hat, COS turtleneck, and VIVIENNE WESTWOOD shoes.  ZADIG & VOLTAIRE coat, vintage EMANUEL UNGARO jacket available at Wasteland, LOUIS VUITTON t-shirt and pants, and AHLEM EYEWEAR glasses.  G-STAR RAW jacket, GIVENCHY BY RICCARDO TISCI t-shirt and pants, vintage COMME DES GARÇONS shirt available at Wasteland, ACNE STUDIOS shoes, and stylist’s own bowtie.  VIVIENNE WESTWOOD suit, top, and cape.  G-STAR RAW jacket, GIVENCHY BY RICCARDO TISCI t-shirt and pants, vintage COMME DES GARÇONS shirt available at Wasteland, ACNE STUDIOS shoes, and stylist’s own bowtie.  CHRISTOPHER KANE coat.  J.W.ANDERSON jacket and jumpsuit.  MCQ shirt, top, and shorts, VIVIENNE WESTWOOD shoes, ANNELISE MICHELSON choker, and STANCE socks.  DRIES VAN NOTEN shirt, pants, and belt, t-shirt available at Wasteland, and VIVIENNE WESTWOOD shoes. A Fall/Winter 2016 fashion story photographed by Easton Schirra and styled by Santa Bevacqua LOS ANGELES COUNTY HALL OF JUSTICE – L.A. Sheriff’s Department official Tate Dillow has issued a warning advising residents to “avoid walking alone in places where clowns might be active, which means everywhere,” and that “residents should avoid following clowns into the woods or allowing clowns to babysit their children, no matter how big their shoes might be.” VENICE – On graduation day, Claudius “Bonzo” Radley didn’t throw his clown hat in the air. $100K in debt from clown college and facing a weak job market, he feels betrayed by the economic vision put forth by both major parties in this election. Cited for several incidents of bumper sticker vandalism, and multiple attacks on yard signage, the founder of the Occupy Clown Street movement is currently at number 96,647,392 on the FBI’s most wanted list. HOLLYWOOD –Terry “Chuckles” Hawkins came to Los Angeles from Nebraska hoping to make it big in comedy, but was dismayed to discover that under-appreciation of expertise in the clownic arts is rife within the major film studios. Believed to be bitter, and in possession of multiple different red noses, Chuckles should be considered armed with balls and mildly dangerous. LOS FELIZ – Luigi “Bobo” Fellini was last seen leaving Jumbo’s Clown Room, furious at the appropriation of his noble art for salacious trade. Partygoers, hedonists, and hussies should be on alert for this deranged menace, known to occasionally drive around in an incredibly small car. DOWNTOWN LOS ANGELES – The LA Times are reporting of multiple attacks on on DTLA residents distracted by their phones. The clown is believed to be Thomas “Giggles” Bradshaw, a children’s birthday party clown who “tied one too many balloons” and assaulted a crowd of kids that refused to look up from their iPhones. “He just snapped, went totally loco,” said Paul Martinez, who hired Giggles for his son’s birthday party. “My son’s friend Hector was playing Angry Birds when the payaso grabbed the phone and threw it against the wall. ‘This is art!’ he screamed.” Downtown denizens are advised to keep their phones in their pockets. BEVERLY HILLS – Police are on the lookout for what has been called “A terrifying but very well-dressed clown,” piloting an orange, green, and magenta colored Uber SUV around the city. Local resident Courtney Heiser says she is lucky to be alive after her encounter: “I just hopped into the back like I always do. It wasn’t until he turned around to ask my destination that I realized something was seriously wrong.” Laughing maniacally, the clown took her on a high-speed ride with several novelty horn hoots before she was able to escape as the car slowed for foot traffic on Rodeo Drive. “The thing that really upset me was that he didn’t even offer me a slice of the cream pie sitting on the passenger seat,” she told Flaunt, “I gave him two stars because his car was pretty clean.” Photographer: Easton Schirra at Studio.64.Stylist: Santa Bevacqua.Model: Maxwell Runko for Two Management.Hair: Nikki Rae Fox.Wig Artist: Zach Kilian.Makeup: Miho Suzuki for Opus Beauty using Make Up For Ever.Photography Assistants: Spencer Byam-Taylor and Lindsay Clark.Styling Assistant: Leonard Anthony. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   We speak to Brent Hocking on the eve of his new whiskey launch: Virginia Black Left to right: Algo wears ERES bra, MIU MIU skirt, and ALEXIS BITTAR earrings available at Shopbop.com. Maxine wears A.L.C. bra top, VANESSA SEWARD pants, and SHOUROUK choker. CHROME HEARTS crystal glasses, TOM FORD lipstick and compact, ALEXANDER MCQUEEN eau de parfum, DIOR lipstick and foundation brush, CHANEL nail polish, OSCAR DE LA RENTA gold choker, and VIRGINIA BLACK American Whiskey. Brent Hocking: the Sultan of Spirits, the Czar of the bar and the don of DeLeón, the supreme tequila brand that P. Diddy just scooped up for some major scratch. His pad is rad, especially for The ‘Bu: jet black, set back from a jewel of a pool and a green lawn that looks more than worth the water wasted on it. It’s clear the guy’s got enough bread to burn a wet mule. Hocking sees me eyeballing the goods. “Dig the digs, eh?” His voice is as gravelly as a 007 villain’s, and he looks tough enough to swap punches with a steam shovel. “I like to do things differently, so I literally built a black house in the middle of Malibu. Next thing you know everyone thinks it’s the greatest thing since sliced bread.” He walks to the bar, grabs two tumbler glasses, a cube of ice clinking into each. “You want a drink?” He smiles. “Of course you do.” Hocking pours two glasses of Virginia Black, his new juice, in partnership w/ musical superstar Drake, and slings one my way. I’m here to get it straight from Hocking himself, looking for the low-down on why he’s stepping into the whiskey game. “I was on a quest as a guy who loves spirits but who found a lot of the whiskey to be really hard to drink,” he says, reclining in his chair. “All these squares make it such an affair—high proofs, hyper-masculine commercials, all this exclusivity and seriousness. I just said, you know what, I’m going to make a whiskey that I want to drink, and that people can have fun with even if they’re beginners in the whiskey world, and that’s exactly what I did with Virginia Black.” Hocking hops up like someone who just remembered that they left the stove on. He heads over to a gorgeous turntable housed in red cherry wood and sends his fingers walking through his wall of vinyl, looking for something to match the mood. Bingo. He pulls Ron Ayers’ Ubiquity out of its sleeve, blows it off, spins it, and drops the needle, filling the house with funk. “I’m not a musician,” he says cooly, “but I think I arguably have one of the largest musical vaults in my mind.” He sits back down on the couch, snapping his fingers to the beat. “This is it, man—this is what I’m trying to distill. All my old albums from when I was living in Compton in the 70’s, I have them up on the walls in the fill room as memories of the things we used to do and the feeling of that time. Those are things that I wanted to evoke with Virginia Black.” We step out back for a bite of air. I comment on the gorgeous bottle, wondering where it got its groove. It’s clear that there’s something in Virginia Black that caters to a crew outside of whiskey’s usual WASP-y club—some Afro-American mojo and a bit of feminine sensuality. “We’re trying to open the whiskey market up a bit, beyond just white men. We want to include everybody. The elements of VB that are influenced by African American culture come from things that were cool when I was growing up in Compton. It’s about that sensibility with street cred, like in Soul Train—he might be wearing gold flairs but if you get too far out of line he’ll kick your ass.” He laughs. “As for marketing a whiskey towards women, it hadn’t really been done before. Back in the day only the whores got to drink the whiskey with the men, while the so-called “respectable” women missed out. So the character of Virginia Black became this woman who knows what she wants.” It’s time for me to beat it before I get too buzzed. I’ve got the PCH to cruise, back to my own more modest digs closer to the city, in the heat and light of it, which I don’t mind. But there’s one more question I’ve got to cover—Drake’s involvement can’t really be ignored. This time Hocking didn’t have to flip his business for a rapper to put some skin in the game. “We met through some mutual friends, and he liked what I did with DeLeón. We connected on some of our shared interests—basketball, music, things like that, and we were drinking and hanging out and he saw my vision for where I was going next in alcohol with VB, and he was all in. His dad’s from the ‘70s, and Drake’s the kind of guy that sees what’s coming next, so he really thought that we would be ahead of our time making a move on whiskey when people would expect vodka or champagne.” We’ve gabbed enough, and now it’s time for me to hit the bricks. We say our goodbyes and he shuts the door behind me. It’s beautiful out—bright stars, the smell of the sea, the distant audio slush of ocean waves. I suck it up before heading back to reality, and then I point my car towards home and burn rubber back to the Big Orange. Written by Matthew BedardPhotographer: Ian Morrison for Opus Reps.Stylist: Soaree Cohen.Models: Algo Brehane for Photogenics And Maxine Woodring for Vision Los Angeles.Hair: Bertrand W. for Opus Beautyusing Number 4 Hair Care.Makeup: Miho Suzuki for Opus Beauty using Tom Ford Beauty.Manicure: Reina Santos for Nailing Hollywood using Nars.Photographed at DLuxx, Los Angeles. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017              Larry Clark and Dior Homme Collaborate on a New Video to Launch a pre-Spring Capsule Sneaker Collection Friday, November 4th marked the announcement of Dior Homme’s pre-Spring 2017 capsule B06 sneaker collection. The line, to be released November 18, was designed by Dior creative director Kris Van Assche, and features slip-ons, high-tops, paint splatters, and sequins. For the announcement, Assche teamed up with iconic photographer and filmmaker Larry Clark for the promotional video. Assche designed the line with Clark in mind, finding Clark’s fringe aesthetic perfect for the “rebellious” and gritty line of sneakers. Flaunt similarly has a long collaborative history with Clark, featuring the artist in 1995 in our precursor magazine Detour, then again in Flaunt in 2003 for the Summer Reign issue. We also were involved in the premiere of Kids in 1995, and covered Brad Benfro for his role in Clark's Bully (2001), as well as dozens of his other stars and collaborators. Clarke's work offers unique vantage points into sexuality, urban culture, youth, and violence. From his inaugural photography book Tulsa (1971) to his latest film, Clark has explored the underbelly of the world of teenagers and adolescence. His tone is raw, and his insights fearless. Flaunt has often been driven and inspired by similar instinct. The 90-second clip shows young boys, models, and skateboarders outside the Paris Museum of Modern Art. The boys are dressed in both Dior and their own individual skater’s garb, and the clip is saturated in Paris youth culture—a further projection from Clark’s recent exploration into the essence and reek of self-destructive teenage skaters in Paris, his 2014 work The Smell of Us. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    TEATUM JONES dress.  VALERJ POBEGA kimono, MURMUR dress.  MOË dress, PIERS ATKINSON head-piece.  I Am A Fountain Of Blood In The Shape Of A Girl  MOË netted shirt.  MICHELLE LAINE DESIGNS choker.  SKY bathing suit.  AUGUSTIN TEBOUL bra, MURMUR garter belt, AMERICAN APPAREL tights. Director/Photographer Tamar Levine presents a photo-story and film featuring actress and model Lola Albright. In the "what time is it, really?" spirit of our forthcoming, The Nocturne Issue, L.A.-based photographer Tamar Levine captures actress/model Lola Albright in dreamy, canyon-land homage to Bjork's record, Biophelia, where nature meets the dark, technological train we're now so undeniably on board of... peppered of course with a nod to Laura Levine's iconic images of the songstress snapped in Woodstock, 1991. Albright, who has been a fan of Bjork since age 14 and possesses an arguably uncanny physical likeness to the musician, shares on the shoot: "Bjork's peculiar power and glacial grace transformed my awkward teen angst, which was fending for freedom, into a fearless flight inside my mind. To enter into my own body that way? The sky, the core of the Earth, broke me, and in all honor, honestly, built the being I am today. You can imagine how surreal, then, it was, to live from those days of puberty forward, with the constant comparison from others moved by my affinity for her and my physical comparison. This photo story is an especially cool one for me, as the stylist has known and has grown with me for several years. The opportunity to assume Bjork's blitheness by way of her vision, was a celestial enveloping & emerging." Photographed/Directed by Tamar LevineDP (for video): Polly MorganVideo editor: Richard Levine/cyberia mediaModel: Lola AlbrightStyled by Soaree CohenProp Styled by Caity BirminghamMakeup/Hair: Jesica SouthardPhoto assistant: Shannon RoseMusic credits: Drum & LaceLocation: The Frymer EstateSpecial thanks: Green Pastures Group Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   G-Star RAW has appointed Argentinian-born artist and designer Aitor Throup as their new creative director. Throup, who has won multiple awards for his designs and has been cited as one of the most influential people in fashion by journalist Tim Blanks, has a history with G-Star RAW: while working with the company for two years as a creative consultant, Throup art-directed several campaigns, developed the concept of the Oxford Street Flagship store, and created the notable 3D denim staq paint. In addition to his work with G-Star RAW, Throup is known for his multi-disciplinary design house called, “A.T. Studio,” which released his conceptual clothing collection ‘New Object Research.’ Throup moved from Buenos Aires to Burnley, Lancashire in 1992. He followed his passion for fashion and drawing to the Manchester Metropolitan University, where he earned a BA in fashion design in 2004. Two years later he received his MA in fashion menswear from the Royal College of Art in London. His creative direction initially began in sports, when in 2008 he began working as a creative consultant for the British football brand Umbro in 2008. He was involved in the design of the football kits worn by the England football team at the 2010 World Cup. From there the artist moved into the music industry, creatively directing for the British rock band Kasabian, as well as Damon Albarn’s first solo album ‘Everyday Robots’ in 2014. He’s worked as an art director/stylist for i-D Magazine, Dazed and Confused, and V Man, and has also dabbled with the film industry, designing the uniforms for both installments of The Hunger Games: Mockingjay series. Currently, Throup leads G-Star’s RAW Research project, which focuses on “crafting denim through the process of exploration, curiosity, and experimentation,” according to G-Star RAW. “I first started working with G-Star RAW because I recognized that a big part of their success had resulted from taking risks and challenging the conventions of denim,” said Throup. Some examples from the RAW Research project premiered at Paris Men’s Fashion Week with raving reviews. The first series of the experimental collection will be available in select stores around the world in mid-November 2016. Image via Protein Written by Tyler Boudreaux Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   COMMES DES GARÇONS jacket, shirt, shoes, socks, and shorts.     WESLEY BERRYMAN jacket and shorts, CALVIN KLEIN shoes.     RAF SIMONS coat, ERMENEGILDO pants, and PRADA shirt.     RAF SIMONS sweater, shirt, pants, and socks.     WESLEY BERRYMAN shorts and CALVIN KLEIN shoes.     RAF SIMONS coat and PRADA shirt.     OFF-WHITE coat and HERMÈS shirt.     CALVIN KLEIN jacket and coat.     GUCCI pants, CALVIN KLEIN shoes.                 Makeup: Aya Kudo Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   CF GOLDMAN sweater and SHAINA MOTE bodysuit.     CF GOLDMAN sweater, SHAINA MOTE bodysuit,  GABRIELA ARTIGAS ring, and FAY ANDRADA ring.     CLAUDIA LI blouse, SHAINA MOTE bodysuit, ALYX bag, and MEADOWLARK earrings.     CLAUDIA LI blouse, SHAINA MOTE bodysuit, ALYX bag, ALYX boot, MEADOWLARK earrings and GABRIELA ARTIGAS rings.     CF GOLDMAN dress, ALYX boot, and FAY ANDRADA bracelet.     CF GOLDMAN dress, ALYX boot, and FAY ANDRADA bracelet.     CLAUDIA LI top and SHAINA MOTE dress.     CLAUDIA LI top and SHAINA MOTE dress.     CF GOLDMAN jumpsuit and MEADOWLARK earring.     CF GOLDMAN jumpsuit, MEADOWLARK earring, and BROTHER VELLIES sandals.     CLAUDIA LI dress and FAY ANDRADA earrings.     CLAUDIA LI dress and FAY ANDRADA earrings.     CLAUDIA LI dress and FAY ANDRADA earrings.     NOMIA sweater, SHAINA MOTE sweater, and FARIS earring.     CLAUDIA LI dress and ALYX hoodie.     CLAUDIA LI dress and ALYX hoodie.     CLAUDIA LI dress and ALYX hoodie.     CF GOLDMAN coat.     CF GOLDMAN coat and FARIS earring.     ALYX top and CLAUDIA LI jeans.     ALYX top and CLAUDIA LI jeans.                  It's a perfect pairing; both LCD and The Vernacular highlight up-and-coming independent talent, bringing a bold new take on fashion and design to the public. Inspired by "chasing sunrise light and discovery through transformation," the verdant setting and warm illumination of the shoot gives the gorgeous streetwear inflected LCD designs a fresh and striking feel. Check out the gallery for the full shoot. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Goga wears Vionnet throughout.     Goga wears Vionnet throughout.     Goga wears Vionnet throughout.     Goga wears Vionnet throughout.     Goga wears Vionnet throughout.     Goga wears Vionnet throughout.     Goga wears Vionnet throughout.     Goga wears Vionnet throughout.     Goga wears Vionnet throughout.     Goga wears Vionnet throughout.     Goga wears Vionnet throughout.     Goga wears Vionnet throughout.     Goga wears Vionnet throughout.     Goga wears Vionnet throughout.     Goga wears Vionnet throughout.     Goga wears Vionnet throughout.     Goga wears Vionnet throughout.     Goga wears Vionnet throughout.                 ­­­ I. It Couldn’t be Helped I first, properly, meet Goga Ashkenazi—Kazakh-Russian businesswoman and owner/creative director of storied French fashion house, Vionnet—here in her offices in Milan, not far from her home, a four story palazzo stuffed with contemporary art near the luxurious stretch of Via Monte Napoleone. Up to this point, we’ve only shared a handful of suggestive, sidelong glances in the corridors of fashionable parties, clubs, maybe even a pedestrian walkway at some point, each of us in silk scarves. This time it’s a real exchange, though, no deep DC-10 bass to contend with, no approaching ski lift chair, no hoi polloi. Ashkenazi, 36, sports a t-shirt and high-waisted pants (I’m admittedly not the type to spot and report on labels, so I’ll spare you that). But I’ll offer this: she’s braless. It’s nearly summer. And Ashkenazi is yanking open drawers. They’re full of sketches, sandwiched between plastic sheaths, penciled by Madame Vionnet herself. I learn this is part of a 17,000-piece trove of unseen artifacts Ashkenazi recently acquired from Madame Vionnet’s goddaughter, which beyond the sketches, include photographs, fabrics, embroideries, et cetera. The artifacts depict the innovative, forward, daring cuts the brand became famous for. The bias cut—all sinuous and can-be clingy. And Ashkenazi drapes over each sketch a sort of song of honorary gushing. This gushing is so upbeat and prophetic that it begs to be read as insincere, but Ashkenazi’s enthusiasm is addictive and it’s apparent there is a genuine love of what she has found herself doing. This observation is amplified, as we quickly jump out of fashion and into contemporary art, namely Romanian painter Adrian Ghenie, whose work is mega-hot-shit at the moment. Ashkenazi cites “The Sunflowers in 1937”—a faux van Gogh, which hawked for a hair over four million dollars, more than five times its estimate, at a Sotheby’s auction in London earlier this year—as example of the demand around Ghenie. “I think his skill is incredible,” she says. “His knowledge of Goya, Francis Bacon... But he shuts himself off. He doesn’t want to meet anybody. He’s like, ‘I just want to be in my studio and I want to be one-on-one with my creative process. I don’t need to go in and market it.’ It’s like ‘I’m 38, and I’m not ready for that.’ And he doesn’t want to raise his prices, but the works are impossible to get because he’s a huge deal and collectors are snatching them up. And of course, we were having this conversation and he was saying how the prices are somehow damaging his process, because it’s not how a young artist should feel. And I was teasing, of course: ‘Well I think you know us collectors don’t have anything against paying less!’” So how did Ashkenazi’s prowess as an art collector come to be? Well, before Vionnet—dormant from the end of World War II until 2006, when it was briefly given oxygen by a series of investors who moved it to Milan, and shortly thereafter purchased by the lady in question for an undisclosed sum in 2012—Ashkenazi earned a whole lotta power-paper in oil and gas. At 26, she became founder and CEO of MunaiGaz-Engineering Group, a K-Zak oil and gas conglomerate and family business, where she and her older sister built compressor stations to serve the country’s tentacular gas pipelines. She became a billionaire very fast. This success followed a brief role at Merrill Lynch in London, which followed from a degree at Oxford, which followed a youth spent in Soviet Moscow—where her father was an engineer and member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party, resided over by some fella called Mikhail Gorbachev. So, at least a few of the requisite boxes for success in the Kazakh oil and gas scene were, suffice it to say, ticked for Ashkenazi. Forget, the boxes though, she sunk her teeth in—and output, and efforts to keep prices low, were not of concern in this instance.  II. Until the Ocean Stops us Far, far from the drab of Milan, I’m enjoying a tumbler of Everclear in the sidecar bar off the lobby of Hollywood’s Chateau Marmont, where a string of either the accustomed stroll confidently by and into the courtyard, or the unfamiliar tepidly poke their heads round the corner, as if extras in Platoon (1986), before entering the grand, vaulted room and asking if the reservation confirmed over the phone wasn’t some kind of sick joke. I’m recalling what Ashkenazi said to me as I departed Vionnet HQ a few months ago. “For me,” she remarked as she planted a kiss on either cheek, “I always describe the Vionnet girl, woman, lady, as somebody that as you walk into the room, you see that she stands out, but not because she is wearing sixteen colors in one outfit, attracting attention or servicing her Instagram account. You see other women and think, ‘Wow, she is beautiful and elegant, her dress is lovely,’ or ‘She is wonderful looking and beautiful and her dress is also lovely’. And then you see my Vionnet girl, but you don’t know how to formulate it even in thought. Something tells you that you want to come to her and you want to ask her questions and you want to have a conversation.” Into the courtyard parades Ashkenazi, to the nines in her own collection and ready for conversation. She’s trailed by a slightly glistening Simon de Pury, whom W Magazine has dubbed “the art world’s most controversial auctioneer,” and who’s controversially hoofed it from a relatively deep Beverly Hills locale all the way up the Strip—a journey generally unheard of. Ashkenazi and de Pury, along with de Pury’s wife Michaela Neumeister, have been running all over the Big Orange doing artist studio visits—Jonas Wood, Kathryn Andrews, John Baldessari—they share, as we sit down to a large table that includes other friends of Ashkenazi and Flaunt. Following a session of grim-looking calamari, and grimmer looking English people looking over from a corner table, Ashkenazi explains that she came into Vionnet after growing bored of the rigmarole of MunaiGaz. The extreme wealth and the maintenance of that wealth and the territorialism of the resources that made that wealth possible and the number-crunching of wealth to make that wealth last beyond those resources… can be bored-making, I presume. So, where else to go… but to fashion! Where other people’s wealth becomes your livelihood. “Well, I guess engineering has nothing to do with fashion. Absolutely nothing,” she says of the transition, lightly waving at a friend across the courtyard. “In a way, business is business, and of course I understand numbers better than your usual designer, let’s say. But the main difference is that I get so passionate about the things that I’m making. Let’s say, for example, fabric. My partner would come to me and say, ‘Goga, we cannot buy this fabric because it’s 1,000 euros per meter and we just cannot. I don’t think anybody will ever buy it.’ And I will say, ‘No, I am going to buy it because I love it and it’s completely uneconomical. I mean, I respect money, but what is money when you can make a beautiful piece of art?” Still, Ashkenazi’s degree at Oxford was in economics (along with history), and the success of MunaiGaz didn’t come with poetic flippancy of resources—rather the opposite. And while seemingly drunk on the ephemeral nature of fashion, she’s not aloof. Ashkenazi tells me she’s always admired the strategic business-making that accompanies that airy form of expression. As a little girl, she recalls, Vogue would occasionally tumble out of her family’s luggage, and she’d spend hours with the publication. The covers struck her as a reflection of what she did not know at the time to be the competitive culture of beauty outside the then Soviet Union, always with a dreamy and confident attitude. “With Vionnet, I want to get to that place,” she says, as we pocket ourselves beyond the garden’s curtain into the smoking section. “I want to create a dream. I don’t want to be somebody who stitches material and fabric together in bulk. This is not what I’m doing. I’m creating a dream, you know.”  III. Under a Banner of Beverly What are dreams but stirred into the pudding of Hollywood, and so to the Hotel Bel-Air, where Ashkenazi gets some light makeup for her Flaunt shoot, a romp about L.A. with her pal and occasional Vionnet campaign photographer, Dylan Don. It’s a quiet moment on the veranda and the manicured everything is numbingly beautiful, until the air is pierced with the scream of a yard blower, as it so often is here within supposed sanctuaries, and we look upward at the hazy citrus sky while a helicopter hones in on either a traffic collision, or something similar (but perhaps with humans). And the knife’s edge to that Hollywood dream is symbolically rich. So it was at first when the fashion set met Ashkenazi, along with her seemingly impulsive purchase of this classic French brand, where, upon her commence, designer twins Barbara and Lucia Croce were quickly dispensed of, though not by Ashkenazi’s initial intent, she shares. Nevertheless, she assumed Creative Director role, did some hiring, inclusive of the acclaimed Hussein Chalayan, and jumped into a collection half-way complete, which meant a crash course in luxury, behind the bar. Her launch saw scrutiny, dismissive of new money trying to play at fashion, and she admitted to the New York Times’ The Cut last year: “I’m sensitive to what people think of me, because, I admit it, I was tacky at first.” The initial stings meant carrying forward—in a game filled with, despite its at times brash expression, conservative and thus oft envious, mean people—with the only approach she’s known: study the fuck out of it, and despite emotional sensitivities that would rise up for anyone aiming to create waves in a limited and competitive space, possess and project a fearlessness ready to endure scrutiny until it ceases. Even better yet, surround yourself with solid companions and expertise. “The team at Vionnet have become like a family, and we’re very close,” she says, after a quick glance at her mobile phone. “I trust and rely on them, and of course history—I trust history. I have 75 books full of sketches and fabrics, so many from different collections. We have so many to work with and she created so many unbelievable dresses. Each is a kind of masterpiece in itself and each can tell a story. I mean, last year we did a 1934 collection, which was only pieces taken from the 1934 Vionnet collection.” As such, Ashkenazi’s collections are gaining momentum, and the reception is warming. While remarking that her FW16 showing in Paris was perhaps a little overwrought, American Vogue journalist, Luke Leitch, remarked that: “thanks to Ashkenazi, Vionnet today is a house driven by love—a commodity that’s relatively rare on an overwhelmingly cynical schedule.”  IV. Gulliver’s Travails Ashkenazi’s art schedule though, is far from cynical. “I am absolutely fascinated by artistic processes,” she says while arriving at the massive new Hauser Wirth & Schimmel in Downtown L.A., a 100,000 square foot behemoth of urban potentiality, with photographer Don in tow. She’s speaking about the L.A. art scene. “I mean, the George Condo show I saw at Sprüth Magers yesterday, this Hauser and Wirth opening, the Broad Museum opening recently, it is so exciting. And the artists seem to love it. I keep talking about Sterling Ruby because I went to his studio earlier and it had a tremendous effect on me. He was readying a show for Gagosian. I mean, this is what an office should be like!” We wander the massive space, the former Globe Mills factory complex, which currently hosts the show: Revolution in the Making: Abstract Sculpture by Women: 1947-2016. Having walked the exhibition, we find ourselves at a Russian pierogi food truck in the courtyard, where new restaurant, Manuela, and a garden are being constructed. Ashkenazi continues speaking about the dynamism of Ruby’s art space when she’s interrupted by the vendor. “Do you remember me?” He asks, leaning forward, his Russian accent clear as day. “We met at a nightclub in Moscow!” “Of course I do!” She politely lies, and he tells her of someone they mutually know in L.A. called Gulliver. “That was so bizarre,” she says, as we jump in the car to leave downtown. “It’s really funny, and shows how many places in life I’ve been, and how many kinds of lives I’ve lived through. Because whoever he remembered: that was a different version of me.” There are indeed several versions of Ashkenazi that the tabloids (predominantly UK-centric) seem to gobble up. The businesswomen has spun a sensational web of a social life, be they pals or ex-lovers, that includes some loaded—by association, not bank accounts (though those too)—names, including Colonel Gaddafi’s son, Saif; Fiat heir, Lapo Elkann; Formula One’s Flavio Briatore; and Britain’s own Prince Andrew. A mother of two, Asheknazi’s sons live and are schooled in London, and she sees them on weekends away from Milan. The boys have different daddies, one of whom was born to hotel heir, Stefan Ashkenazy (whose brief hand in marriage and surname she took, the spelling of which was subsequently butchered on her Russian passport, and which she’s kept as such), and the other to fellow oil tycoon Timur Kulibayev—himself married to the daughter of Kazakhstan’s president. I mean, holy shit!  V. They Twinkled and Then They Were Gone Fortunately, it’s with fashion that a love and expertise of high-flying comrades, hosting dinners, and attending desirable happenings can’t hurt. And while it might seem Ashkenazi is strategically stirring the gossip soup to bolster her caché, the real nature of her social prolifery is this: Ashkenazi is fun. She’s a riot! It’s no surprise she’s got a ridiculous phone book. And more importantly, she is—in a world with extremely few but still grossly apparent affiliates in every urban hub—a very rich person whose charm perhaps is only superseded by an elegant awareness of the room. I noticed this at the Chateau when she corresponds with the wait staff, telling them a story about her art tours while the very powerful de Pury calmly waits for her to conclude. Perhaps a carry-over from youth? While possessing a staff or being seen to by a staff her whole life, Ashkenazi recalls the understanding that her attendees as a young girl were working for the USSR, and therefore you called them by name, and knew their personal story. We’ve arrived at filmmaker Albert Kodagolian’s modernist Hollywood Hills home, where 15 or so girls are sequentially baring it all for a “The Girls of Oh La La Land” calendar, included in the sure-to-be award-winning issue in your hands, photographed by curator/editor/photographer/charm snake Olivier Zahm. Like that, Ashkenazi, a friend of Zahm, makes fast pals with Albert’s dog, Stanley, before Flaunt founder, Luis Barajas, stages a photo with she and the at-work Zahm, creating a unique editorial within an editorial image, and a reminder why Flaunt is your favorite magazine. So, it’s by the hand of your favorite magazine that a rowdy group of editors and pin-up girls make for a quick snack at Silver Lake’s Café Stella (known to us as Chateau East)—and the primary venue of the pictorial you see spread over these pages—before stuffing into the once hyper-hip, now moderately problematic, Tenants of the Trees, a bit further East, where she meets “some sort of weird groupie in the bathroom,” among others, and dances to, among others, Asia’s “Heat of the Moment.”  VI. The Writing Was on the Sky A back-to-earthing the following day at the new Soho property Little Beach House Malibu, where heightened membership regulations versus the WeHo spot, mirror that of the city in which it resides—what the Hollywood Reporter called “that same occasionally aggressive tribal and territorial instinct that can evince itself in intimidation tactics when, say, outsiders dare to ride preferred waves along the coast.” We’re watching some rightfully due waves and enjoying rosé over ice when the normal absence of that garish skywriting you see above other loved American beaches is broken by the slowly vanishing words trickling over Malibu: “TRUMP IS DISGUSTING.” I ask Ashkenazi about all her friends, this wild assembly of controversy and beauty and influence—her tribe. She considers this for a moment. “I think,” she finally says, with confidence, “I have been extremely lucky to have met some of the greatest, most talented, and most decent human beings on the planet. Also to be able to choose who I spend my time with. I mean, at a certain point in your life I guess you have a certain number of friends that you don’t always have time for, and so you feel almost like you meet and pay attention to people less. So you create less, because there’s less room for them in your life and scheduling and whatever else. But I always make myself open to new people. And I’m lucky, because of my work, but also the freedom of money I’ve worked like a dog to earn, has made that openness more possible.” Another trail of skywriting above us, presumably a law firm dealing in the representation of injured Latinos all over the Southland. This time: “Justo y Necesario.” What then, if I’m to attempt translation of this symbol in the sky, is fair? What is just in this world we occupy? Is the answer in fashion? In the mining and distribution of vanishing resources? In the clubs of Hollywood? The pages of art and fashion magazines? The studios and galleries that Ashkenazi’s been bouncing around here in Los Angeles ask this question via painting, photography, sculpture, video, and Ashkenazi is no exception. What is the point? The pace she’s keeping perhaps prevents too hard a look at the extraordinary life she’s living—has lived—this version of herself or another, but it’s that love of the moment, and a curiosity for the new that reminds Ashkenazi, despite her differences from those around her at any given time, she is, without exception, as fleeting to this planet as the descriptive engine exhaust above our pretty heads. “You know,” she shares, “every person has, I think, another side, which is impossible to understand until you meet them. I hear a lot of people in fashion making that mistake—judging before they’ve even met you. They make opinions, and I think that people should pay attention before forming opinions. It’s the same with art and also the reviewers, and that everybody has a comment. It’s easier than ever to say, ‘Oh I like it, I think that’s great, or that’s not great.’ I think: please go create something yourself and then you can know how it feels to be judged.” Locations: Hotel Bel-Air, Cafe Stella, Tenants of the Trees. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017     Now you too can reign supreme! Founder of WAH Nails, Sharmadean Reid, has teamed up with the U.K.-based label ASOS for a capsule collection inspired by the late Princess Diana. The 19-piece collection highlights the royal princesses effortlessly chic fashion by paying homage to some of her best street style: from knitted sweaters, faux-pearl earrings and of course a little black dress that looks a lot like her famous “revenge” dress. Reid told Dazed that she credits her as her reason behind finally creating the collection. “I didn’t want to do it until I had an idea, and then I had just moved to West London and I felt like a real West London mum, like ‘ah I feel a bit like Princess Diana, dropping the kids off to school’ and I thought: that’s a good idea for a collection, an East London girl moving to West London.” Written by Erick Montano Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                   Last week, Burberry premiered its latest collection at a Virginia Woolf’s ‘Orlando’ inspired fashion show at Makers House in London’s Soho area, unifying the two visionary forces of fashion and fiction on the runway. The androgynous assemblage calls upon a new reality comprised of the past and future- a kaleidoscope of real classicism in junction with creative energy and spirit, inspired by the “longest and most charming love letter in history.” Written in 1982, Woolf’s feminist classic tells the tale of a man who transforms into a woman and experiences society driven perceptions of gender norms. The gender fluid collection brought Orlando’s world to the runway, blurring the line between the sexes through combinations of “noble and authentic fabrics, blending denim and sweatshirting with cashmere and pyjama silks” inspired by layers of time. An ephemeral synthesis of fashion and literature, the ‘seasonless’ collection reflects a strong message of emotive beauty marked by its revolutionary rupture from traditional fashion norms. A runway is very much like a visual display of rhetoric, embodying a language of its own. Although fashion is in a constant state of flux, it can be foregrounded in fiction to create a rich, intoxicating world built on inspired creation and consolidation of the past and the future. Written by Jasmine Ashoori Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   
        A FW16 fashion story photographed by ioulex and styled by Masayo Kishi     (Above) Both models wear THOM BROWNE jackets and STEPHEN JONES EDITION FOR THOM BROWNE head pieces. *** ETRO jacket and dress. *** Both wear THEORY shirt and sweater. *** THEORY sweater and pants. *** HERMÈS dress. *** KENZO shirt and jacket and CHANEL bracelets. *** PRADA dress and choker, HERMÈS gloves, and HUGO MATHA bag. *** Models: Lula and Evangeline for Wilhelmina, New York Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   What a time to be alive. Somewhere in the world, a Mitsubishi parallel parks itself, a voice-activated coffee maker brews a non-fat cappuccino, and a simplistic Dior slogan tee dominates the Paris runway-causing a media firestorm. Bringing feminism to the foreground of fashion, Maria Grazia Chiuri makes her debut as Christian Dior’s first female art director in the company’s 70 year history. Channeling Celebrated Nigerian writer and feminist icon Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie’s 2012 Ted x Talk , the t-shirt emboldened the unequivocal statement “We should all be feminists.”A vehicle for change and a reflection of the current political climate, slogan tees have endured the test of time as a staple in fashion, from “Frankie Says Relax” to “Flick Your Bean for Agyness Deyn,” posing the question of what is truly at stake. The age old feminist/fashion debate is stirred once again: where is the feminist’s place in twenty-first century fashion politic? In an epoch of expansive freedom, social activism, and artistic expression, Chiuri’s progressive collection of fencing-inspired suits and elegant, comfortable clothing speaks to modern women of ambition. She asserts in her show notes, "I strive to be attentive and open to the world and to create fashion that resembles the women of today.” This marks a radical time for female empowerment and gender equality in an industry that has been dominated by males for centuries. An indelible assertion of self-expression and empowerment, the runway challenges repressive social conditions and ideologies in its attempts to transpire social change. Millennials today experience a new wave of feminism, one that advocates for gender equality built on liberation and the freedom to make choices-or in other words, a dio(r)evolution of the mind. Written by Jasmine Ashoori Image: Indigital.tv Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    What first attracted you to design?   Everything started with a pen. I'm a sketch person. It's the pleasure of sketching combined with the pleasure of building. Favorite spot to be inspired? Paris, ever and ever. Can you describe yourself in four words? A jacket, a striped shirt, a knitted tie, a moustache. If reincarnation is real, what would you like to come back as?  One of her majesty Queen Elizabeth II’s corgis. What was the first piece of clothing you ever made?  I started designing jewels at Saint Laurent with Alber Elbaz. They were large horn cuffs inspired by Nancy Cunard. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017     Looks and Lookbooks from Amélie Pichard’s FW16 Collection  
        Part of our emerging designer feature from the Oh La La Land Issue.      
    Since founding her eponymous Paris-based brand in 2000, accessories designer Amélie Pichard has carved out a unique niche in the global fashion scene with her unconventional shoes, bags, and sunglasses. Her eye-catching, vegan-friendly collaborations with  Flaunt  friend and cover-star Pamela Anderson have brought Parisian refinement to Californian flair. What is your definition of style? Be yourself, you’ll be sexier. How often do you think about death? When things get hard, I love to remember that life is a game. So make it fun and play with everyday while you’re alive… What’s been your best moment in life so far?  When I met Pamela Anderson of course. Reincarnation is… I hope true. I want to be a cat one day. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017     Looks and Lookbooks from AALTO’s FW16 collection  
        Part of our emerging designer feature from the Oh La La Land Issue      
    Transplanted from Finland to Paris by creator Tuomas Merikoski, AALTO has garnered major attention in the fashion world since launching in 2015. With its young and edgy Finnish style finding traction on the Parisian boulevards and runways, this year AALTO was a dual finalist for both the ANDAM Award, and the LVMH Prize—major accolades in French and international fashion. What was the first piece of clothing you ever made?  Handmade single-button double-breasted suit in burgundy/orange herringbone wool cloth. It went well with my haircut and sunglasses and I wanted to wear something special to my bro’s wedding. Do you think of your work as art or craftsmanship? How do you balance form and function as a designer? I think it would be pretentious to say that fashion is art. Form and function has a real importance so I consider my work more as industrial design, with functional and artistic expression combined in clothes but also as a whole in collections. Can you describe yourself in four words?  Calm & crazy, thoughtful & risk-taking, loyal & ambitious, and Finnish & wanna-be-black. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Fashion it-girl Natalia Bonifacci covers one day in during Paris Fashion Week as part of our ongoing Spring/Summer ’16 Fashion Weeks coverage Check us out on Snapchat: @flauntmagazine Landed in Paris! *** PFW opened up with the 100 years anniversary show of ETAM. Followed by a private dinner and after party. The beautiful Ana Beatriz on the catwalk. *** My friend Maximiliano Patane with Ellen Von Unwerth at the ETAM show at the Centre Pompidou. *** Arriving at ETAM private dinner *** En route to the ROCHAS show at Palais du Tokyo. *** Loving the bright colors at ROCHAS. *** Outside Palais du Tokyo, figuring out my next designation. *** I ran into my friends Gilda Ambrosio & Giorgia Tordini. *** Los Angeles reunion: with my mate Christian Rosa at Montana. *** Candela taking a little nap before the VIONNET show. *** Old school Paris for VIONNET's dinner with Purple Magazine hosted by Tamy Glauser (who was snapchatting for FLAUNT that day!). *** ISSEY MIYAKE's show is always such a beautiful experience!! *** Models off duty. *** With my friend Lea Cerezo who arrived in Paris to walk for Givenchy. *** Always a favorite: an Italian bite at Cibus. *** We stopped by Magda's place for her birthday party. Bon anniversaire!! *** Leaving CESARE PACIOTTI's presentation at Plaza Athénée with the beautiful shoes they gifted me: super spoiled! *** UNGARO finale! *** A little selfie moment at FLAUNT's party at Castel with Pat & Anna Cleveland! *** Because I'm Italian and I love Italian food: lunchtime at Casa Bini with friends (and lots of espresso to keep going!!). *** Paris is always a good idea... *** Bravo Ricky! GIVENCHY's beautiful show. *** My friend Catherine Baba looking beyond in front row at GIVENCHY. *** Because I have a soft spot for this place: a little bite at Le Petit Lutetia. *** Tamy Glauser & Magda Laguinge at L'Oréal Gold Obsession Party! *** Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Founded by designer Christelle Kocher in Paris in 2014, Koché bonds urban casual with Haute Couture subversion and craftsmanship. An innovative designer to watch, of her label’s first runway show—Spring 2016 Ready-to-Wear—Vogue wrote: “It’s too early to tell whether Kocher is trying to degrade flashy or elevate trashy. Likely both.” What type of beauty are you most drawn to? Not one type, I’m sensitive to every expression of beauty, in fashion, in art, and in life How does your aesthetic reflect your personality?  It’s all linked but I would say there’s something bold with strong character in both. Where’s your favorite place to be inspired? Naoshima, a small island in Japan. It’s full of sublime museums and art pieces in the middle of wild nature. Favorite thing from L.A.? I love a 1000 things in L.A. but let’s say: sunset, watching the ocean with the city behind you, feeling those two giants and being in the middle.     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Swedish brand COS takes a cue from minimalist American Painter Agnes Martin for a new capsule collection  
        Offered in conjunction with a COS-sponsored exhibition of the artist's work at the Guggenheim Museum     With a minimalistic aesthetic of balance and beauty in geometric composition, distinguished twentieth century painter Agnes Martin has inspired countless artists with her meditative oeuvre. This fall, COS design team is fully embracing the organic, serene style of Martin through a highly-anticipated 12-piece capsule collection which was produced in conjunction with the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York. The limited-edition run for both men and women will launch October 7 and will be available until January 11, 2017. A celebration of the “incredible richness and tactility” underscored in Martin’s work, the one-of-a-kind set of prints showcased in the collected include a fusion of minimalism and abstract expressionism to create a simple, yet singular style. COS Creative Director Karin Gustafsson imparts, “The opportunity to create this collection whilst exploring the subtle reinvention of classic silhouettes has been fantastic. The minimal pieces created form an effortless, artistic capsule offering.” Martin’s body of work is built on representations of “beauty, innocence, and happiness.” Along with sponsoring the ‘Agnes Martin exhibition’ at the museum, each individual print in the collection references a specific piece of Martin’s work, COS’s collection evokes this aesthetic experience through exceptionally soft cashmere knits, loose-fitting ensembles, and a unisex t-shirt with a rare bamboo stitch. A percentage of the proceeds are directed to the Agnes Martin Foundation, an organization who aspires to locate Martin’s works that reside with private collectors and purchase them back. The objective of the organization is to have these works donated to public galleries where her hallmark “use of subtle colour and dedication to technique and style” will continue to inspire artists and practitioners across the globe. Following the launch, the collection will be made available in the Beverly Drive location, as well as on their website.
 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    GIVENCHY coat, shirt, pants, and scarf.  GIVENCHY coat, jacket, and shirt.  GIVENCHY coat, hoodie, shirt and pants.  GIVENCHY dress and brooch.  GIVENCHY coat, jacket, top, and shorts.  GIVENCHY coat and jacket.  GIVENCHY jacket and dress.  GIVENCHY coat and jacket. He will make you a star. This isn’t a promise, or a lure, this isn’t Hollywood. This is about love, because Riccardo Tisci feels love deeply. He also sees beauty in ways that most of us initially don’t—until we’re told—or wooed by the magic that Tisci brings to life when he discovers a model, casts her in one of his shows, and inducts her into his enviable #Ggang. It is a family after all. You will be loved forever. This isn’t a lure. Joan Smalls, Natasha Poly, Lakshmi Menon, and Lara Stone are a few of the stars he saw for the first time. Over the summer, Tisci shared with us some casting notes he had from Fall/Winter 2016. What thoughts were in your mind when you cast the FW16 shows? For me, models mean a lot because they’re not just presenting my collection; they’re really giving it life. I’m deeply bound to that idea. I’ve always been doing casting and I’m constantly looking for new girls. It is not that I want to find a girl, then have her become the girl of the season and drop her. I’m building relationships for years and years. I have my family and gang, which we carry on season after season. Were you looking for something in particular? A really good model has got a personality. It’s about beauty, of course—like a classic kind of beauty—but that isn’t the only factor. A girl can have an unusual personality or a strange beauty. And for me, you see it, you feel it in the moment you meet the girl, that she could be the girl. You know, at the end of the day, a show is not just made out of the clothes; it’s made out of emotion. I’m very touched by intelligence and beauty. What are some of your favorite questions to ask models when you meet them? During casting, I’m never asking questions. I don’t need to know what a person does in life. I prefer to talk to people and understand the character. I like people having character and personality. It’s all about the connection I make with a human being; sometimes you don’t need a lot of words to connect on a deeper level, it’s like love. What story are you telling with this casting?  The inspiration of the FW16 collection was Egyptian culture, music, and the world of pop. My casting is always very strong. The Givenchy woman is a working girl with more independence, so she is free to make her own choices, and that’s what she does when she wears Givenchy. She decides to stand for herself and not let anyone tell her what she can and cannot wear. She is fearless and brave. Does a 2016 model carry him or herself differently than ten years ago? How so?  You know, I’m looking for the timeless, the effortless in everything I do. So to me, the Givenchy woman I have introduced ten years ago is still the same person. Only, she has grown. Her way of moving has become more mature, more refined. She has followed the natural course of any woman; she learned to be sexual in a subtle way, to behave, to express her inner self with intelligence and allure. So yes, the Givenchy model is a bit different today, her growth happened organically. You’ve street cast entire shows before. What are the challenges and benefits of working with non-models? I don’t like men and women looking like robots. This is why I’m doing the casting myself. I wanted to make a real casting. I don’t like to exclude people. For that, I keep my eyes open to anyone I see who could fit the Givenchy universe. Of course, it is harder to work with real life persons who lack the model experience, but it always makes it so much more magical, because it is anchored in reality. The models at Givenchy, they relate to the people watching them, they are representative of today’s society. Do you play music during the casting? Yes! I love music; I’m obsessed with music. Any kind of music—anything that is giving me an emotion. It’s the only moment where people—young generations especially but even older generations—can relax, let themselves go, meet people and meet love. This is why I love music. I love the last album from Anohni—she’s my friend—and especially the song “Drone Bomb Me.” This is the Oh La La Land issue, which creatively combines Paris with L.A. Many would describe L.A. as a mythical city. Would you agree? Are there any specific myths that you hold dear? I love L.A., because it means being quieter in my mind, more relaxed. The sun is always there and that motion of large spaces always encourages your creativity. So it is very beneficial in that way. Specific myths that come to mind? Maybe the haunted courtyard at Chateau Marmont—I always stay there. Written by Mui-Hai Chu Photographer: Max Von Gumppenberg and Patrick Bienert. Models: Fernando Cabral for Marilyn Agency, Francesco Cuizza for Premium Models, Charlee Fraser for IMG Models, Leila Goldkuhl for Next Management, Olivia Jones for IMG Models, Julia Nobis for Viva Model Management, Lia Pavlova for New Madison, and Deion Smith for Red Model Management.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Looks and Lookbooks from Y/Project’s FW16 collection  ALL CLOTHES BY Y/PROJECT  ALL CLOTHES BY Y/PROJECT  ALL CLOTHES BY Y/PROJECT  ALL CLOTHES BY Y/PROJECT  ALL CLOTHES BY Y/PROJECT  ALL CLOTHES BY Y/PROJECT  ALL CLOTHES BY Y/PROJECT  ALL CLOTHES BY Y/PROJECT  ALL CLOTHES BY Y/PROJECT  ALL CLOTHES BY Y/PROJECT  ALL CLOTHES BY Y/PROJECT  ALL CLOTHES BY Y/PROJECT  ALL CLOTHES BY Y/PROJECT  ALL CLOTHES BY Y/PROJECT  ALL CLOTHES BY Y/PROJECT  ALL CLOTHES BY Y/PROJECT Launching in 2010 as a French menswear brand, Y/Project shifted direction when it placed Belgian Glenn Martens at its creative helm in 2013. The Parisian-based Martens who has spearheaded an additional womenswear line for the label, cut his teeth as a junior designer for Jean Paul Gaultier, and was short-listed for the 2016 LVMH prize. He is driving the brand in a new direction, with fully 50% of their ready-to-wear options being unisex, and the rest falling between being exclusively men’s or women’s. What first attracted you to design? The fact that I didn’t know a thing about it. When I started at the Antwerp Academy I had no clue who Margiela or Galliano was. I’m quite curious and persistent What is your definition of style? I feel it’s all about attitude. You need to own any situation you’re in, regardless of what you’re wearing. Can you describe yourself in four words? I can give one. I’m very dual. It’s quite exhausting. Describe the woman you design your clothes for? At our showroom you’ll find the nylon bomber next to a Harris tweed blazer, next to a bustier dress, next to a bleached denim trouser, next to a satin blouse, next to a leather body-suit… I see my grandmother, my boss, my childhood friend and the club-kid I bumped into at a rave last weekend wearing Y/Project. I love it. There’s a place for everybody. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   VETEMENTS coat, hoodie, pants, and shoes. VETEMENTS jacket, shirt, and boots. VETEMENTS dress. VETEMENTS coat, hoodie, pants, and shoes. VETEMENTS hoodie and pants. VETEMENTS dress and boots. VETEMENTS dress. VETEMENTS coat, hoodie, pants, and shoes. VETEMENTS hoodie VETEMENTS hoodie and boots. VETEMENTS jacket and shirt.    A Forest Burial is not Ideal, but What is?  
        FEATURING VETEMENTS F/W 2016 Photographed by  Louis Canadas and Styled by Constance Feral      Makeup: Dariia Day for Atomo Management. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    All clothing by NEHERA.  All clothing by NEHERA.  All clothing by NEHERA. In 1931 Jan Nehera opened his first storefront in Prague, with an innovative business strategy that advertised itself as taking fashion from the manufacturer straight to the consumer. The Nehera atelier flourished into a powerhouse with over 130 storefronts in pre-WWII Europe, setting fashion trends in cities as far as Vienna, and Paris, before that terrible conflict banished the label into obscurity. In 2013, Nehera was revived under the guidance of French Creative Director Samuel Drira, who devised a new label and design language from scratch. Drira, who was known for founding, editing, and fashion directing the magazine Encens, and as a creative consultant for brands like Hermès, Hugo Boss, and Christoph Lemaire, spoke to us about his life and work. What first attracted you to design? The possibility of reinventing myself through clothes. Reincarnation is… An attempt to solve what we call fate. Where do you want to be in ten years? Gardening or exactly where I am now. Do you think of your work as art or craftsmanship?  A combination of both. You can spend six months working on a sleeve, but if you are not able to move your arm in it, it doesn’t work. Favorite thing from L.A.? The Chateau Marmont. I see the shadow of Helmut Newton everywhere. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    “Merci, I’m pretty” ballerina pump by Marylin Monroe x Repetto FW16 Estate-Purchased, Woven Flaxen Hair Lock.  “Oh La La Languid” high-top sneaker by Henri Matisse x Buscemi FW16 Oil and Canvas.  Le Cancer Eyewear by Serge Gainsbourg x Garrett Leight FW16 Hand-Forged, Recycled Marlboro Red Filters, Sex Wax, and Acetate “Nice Guy” Optical Frames. On the eve of its 20th anniversary, stupendous French concept boutique, Colette—a long-time stocklist of Flaunt, among myriad fabulous other things—is no stranger to unusual pairings. Thus, owner and founder, Sarah Andelman—having worked with brands and personalities the world over, watched dozens of fashion weeks come and go, and won lauds in every magazine imaginable—determined that for this special issue’s retail strategy, she’d break the mold. Thus, concept products delivered to the shelves by leading L.A. and Paris brands, and designed, in collaboration and in limited quantity…with dead people. Remarking on the pleasantries of collaboration with the deceased, Andelman cheerily remarks, “They always agree!” Illustrated by Miguel Villalobos for Jed Root. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Model Ella Rattigan covers one day in the life of a runway model in Milan as part of our ongoing Spring/Summer ’16 Fashion Weeks coverage Check us out on Snapchat: @flauntmagazine "Let the shows begin!" *** "Yep I'm casting-ready. Let's do this Milan." *** "Classic Duomo selfie." *** "Getting hair make up ready for Wunderkind." *** "My look at Wunderkind show." *** "About to walk my first Milan FW show at Wunderkind!" *** "Made friends with this little guy... I think he wanted to leave with me." *** "Tell me what you think of the look they put me in... be honest." *** "When your firey make up matches your t-shirt..." *** "My look for Tod's presentation." *** "Rehersal time at Krizia show." *** "Julia Cumming and I at the amfAR Milano Gala" Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Model Jesse Stewart covers one day in the life of a runway model in Milan as part of our ongoing Spring/Summer '16 Fashion Weeks coverage Check us out on Snapchat: @flauntmagazine "Enjoying the Milan views" *** "En route to castings—the Italian way" *** "Getting my hair and make up ready for Daizy Shely" *** "Face off with Heidi backstage at Daizy Shely" *** "Its very rare that I feel tiny, but Milan doors can do that to you" *** "Walking the Annarita N show" *** "Ready to ride!" Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    ADDISON wears CALVIN KLEIN tank top, G-STAR RAW pants and belt, VANS sneakers, STANCE socks, and TOPMAN bandana.  LOGAN wears HUDSON JEANS pants, CONVERSE sneakers, STANCE socks, and stylists own belt.  PAXTON wears vintage Bowie t-shirt, J BRAND jeans, talent’s own sneakers, STANCE socks, and G-STAR RAW belt.    MAXX wears ADIDAS sweatshirt and CALVIN KLEIN necklaces.    ADDISON wears CALVIN KLEIN tank top, G-STAR RAW pants and belt, VANS sneakers, STANCE socks, and TOPMAN bandana.  Left to right: CALVIN KLEIN t-shirt, G-STAR RAW pants, VANS sneakers, STANCE socks, and TOPMAN bandana. J BRAND jeans, TOPMAN tank top, SUPREME hat, and STANCE socks. ADIDAS sweatshirt, LEVI’S pants, VANS sneakers, and STANCE socks. ADIDAS hoodie, G-STAR RAW jeans and belt, and CONVERSE sneakers.    TOPMAN pants, CONVERSE sneakers, STANCE socks, and stylist’s own belt.    ADIDAS sweatshirt, STONE ISLAND t-shirt, LEVI’S pants, VANS sneakers, STANCE socks, CALVIN KLEIN necklaces, and talent’s own wallet chain.    COACH coat, vintage t-shirt, DIOR shirt, J BRAND jeans, SUPREME hat, and CHROME HEARTS necklace.    Vintage Bowie t-shirt, J BRAND jeans, CONVERSE sneakers, STANCE socks, and G-STAR RAW belt.    STONE ISLAND t-shirt, LEVI’S pants, and VANS sneakers.     RAG & BONE shirt, G-STAR RAW pants and belt, and VANS sneakers.     CALVIN KLEIN coat, ACNE STUDIOS shirt, G-STAR t-shirt, Vintage Jordan track pants, CHROME HEARTS necklaces and pendants.  TOPMAN shirt, AG jeans, G-STAR RAW belt and SUPREME hat.   COACH coat, DIOR shirt, CALVIN KLEIN t-shirt, RAG & BONE jeans, CHROME HEARTS key chains.   ADIDAS hoodie, G-STAR RAW jeans and belt, and CALVIN KLEIN underwear.  RAG & BONE coat, LEVI’S jacket, COACH top, TOPMAN t-shirt, G-STAR jeans, and COACH necklaces.  TOPMAN shirt, J BRAND jeans, G-STAR RAW belt, and SUPREME hat.  Pass Me Le Clop, It’s Time to Shred Stylist: David Bonney for Network Agency + Management. Talent: Addison, Logan, Maxx, and Paxton for Mavrick Models. Groomer: Diane Dusting. Casting: Adam Browne for Six Wolves and Chad Ford for Bowlzilla. Photographed by James Perry  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017           FADE IN: EXT. CAR – MORNING (LOS ANGELES) JENNIFER, a stylish woman, cruises down the Pacific Coast Highway in a white convertible—taupe leather seats, mahogany dash—with the top down. She is on her way to meet her art dealer at a gallery in West Hollywood. The silk Hermès scarf around her neck blows gently in the balmy breeze. NARRATOR (V.O.) That iconic scarf is the product of two years of design and craftsmanship. With extraordinary expertise, threads, colors, and materials are precisely combined to give birth to the scarves of Maison Hermès in Lyon, France. EXT. RAINFOREST – DAY (BRAZIL) TIGHT SHOT of a butterfly fluttering its wings as it sits on a branch of a verdant tropical tree. NARRATOR (V.O.) Here in Brazil two of these delicate insects will mate and give birth to around 300 silkworms. Each silkworm will grow 40 times its size, and 10,000 times its weight. As the caterpillar grows, it expels its weight in saliva, building the cocoon that will envelope it before becoming a butterfly. 1,500 meters of thread can be harvested from this cocoon—a little white ball that fits in the palm of your hand. However, this thread cannot be used at first—being too thin and fragile—so it’s mixed with other threads to obtain a tensile strength comparable to steel, yet maintaining an exquisite softness. An extraordinary 450 kilometers of thread goes into each Hermès silk scarf. INT. HERMÈS OFFICES (PARIS, FRANCE) Pierre-Alexis Dumas, General Artistic Director, speaks to an artist in the offices at Hermès. They move to a table where the artist spreads out several sketches. NARRATOR (V.O.) But it also starts with a drawing. There are two possibilities: either Pierre-Alexis Dumas commissions an illustrator or artist to make a design, or it’s taken from the “sketch stash”—drawings that have been bought, used, or passed down the line over decades, living now in an incredible archive at the Maison Hermès. When a new drawing is ordered, the designer has six months to find their inspiration. Hermès works with over 40 illustrators, including regulars like Robert Dallet—a feline and animal specialist—or associates like their current one, artist Alice Shirley. Since the 1937 release of the first Hermès scarf, called affectionately “Le jeu des omnibus et des dames blanches,” dozens of designers have added their vision to Hermès, including luminaries like Daniel Buren and Hiroshi Sugimoto. INT. HERMÈS SILK ATELIERS (LYON, FRANCE) TIGHT SHOT of FABIENNE (engraver) leaning into a computer screen monitor deconstructing an image. She pours herself a drop of tea from an elegant teapot on her desk. NARRATOR (V.O.) When the drawing arrives in Lyon, a new task begins: analysis. This is a crucial part of the process, whereby the drawing is carefully and meticulously broken down to determine how many frames will be used in the printing process, and to figure out how the colors will be integrated. Some drawings are incredibly difficult to transform into a scarf. It takes worker Fabienne between 600 and 800 hours to décomposer, or deconstruct, Alice Shirley’s “Under the Waves,” and Nadine spent 2000 hours translating Antoine Tzapoff’s “Wa Ko Ni” into silk. On average, there are 27 frames for printing. “Wa Ko Ni” required 46—the most possible. INT. HERMÈS SILK ATELIER OFFICES TIGHT SHOT of CAROLE (colorist) working over a drafting table on an image. She takes it to a large table where several colorists sit. They all look at the image, discuss, and take notes. NARRATOR (V.O.) When Carole, the colorist receives the drawing she then has to propose 15 coloration options. She works with a team she calls the “color committee,” made up of five to six people whose job it is to choose from the 75,000 colors available. The general artistic director then approves their proposals, and production begins in earnest. INT. HERMÈS SILK ATELIERS GUY and MICHEL work in a large wooden warehouse. Daylight streams in through the high windows. Guy goes to some shelves on the wall, which are stacked with white pots filled with dyes. A placard on the shelf says “Stroll Versailles.” Michel walks over to the other side of the warehouse, which contains bolts of cream colored silk. The silk is stamped by the steel printing frames, coming out of the press in vivid colors. Michel inspects the silk to ensure that the drawing and color are correct before taking the freshly printed silk to be dried and then washed. INT. HERMÈS SILK ATELIERS A SEAMSTRESS takes the washed printed silk and rolls the edges before they are sewn. SYLVIE walks over to her station, and nods. NARRATOR (V.O.) Once complete, the edge of the scarf is treated with a very specific technique whereby the edges are first rolled before being sewn. Everything is inspected between each step, and nothing is left to chance, but all is done in good humor in a jovial atmosphere. After Sylvie’s final inspection, Guy passes all the headscarves, silk scarves, and neckties through a metal detector to make sure no needles were left on the edge of the fabric. Finally, everything is sent into the world, ultimately finding itself in one of the Hermès shops, and there, from the flapping of a butterfly’s wings, to around our character’s neck. CUT TO: EXT. GALLERY – DAY (LOS ANGELES) JENNIFER strides into the gallery down a wide walkway paved in slate and bordered with bamboo. She is elated about the prospects of her appointment. Her Hermès scarf is tied around her wrist now. INT. GALLERY JENNIFER kisses her ART DEALER on the cheek, and the two of them move towards a series of paintings on the far wall. Her dealer is speaking, gesturing at a large piece directly in front of them. We can’t hear what he is saying. TIGHT SHOT of JENNIFER as she scans the paintings and smiles, almost imperceptibly. She moves closer to a small piece in particular, a placard revealing its having been painted by Alice Shirley. JENNIFER I’ll take that one. TIGHT SHOT of the RECEPTIONIST as she watches JENNIFER stroll out. Written by Laura Daniel-Sainteff Photographed by Louis Canadas Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Pandora (Producer) wears AMERICAN APPAREL bra and COURRÈGES skirt.  Julian de Gainza (Actor) wears ANTHONY VACCARELLO pants and talents’ own shoes.  Pandora (Producer) wears AMERICAN APPAREL bra and COURRÈGES skirt.  Hala Moawad (Stylist) wears AMERICAN APPAREL bodysuit and socks, MUGLER skirt, and DR. MARTENS shoes.  Clara Deshayes (AKA Clara 3000) wears her own t-shirt, RAG & BONE jeans, and MARC JACOBS boots.  Clara Deshayes (AKA Clara 3000) wears her own t-shirt, RAG & BONE jeans, and MARC JACOBS boots.  Sasha Melnychuk (Model) wears JAKUB POLANKA bodysuit, model’s own pants, MADE BY DAWN bra, and VETEMENTS boots.  Luka Isaac Bensemoun (DJ and promoter) wears NÏUKU hoodie.  Elliot Berthault (Synth and Vocals, Rendez-Vous) wears ADIDAS shirt, AG jeans, and DR. MARTENS shoes.  Francis Mallari (Vocals and Bass, Rendez-Vous) wears NEHERA jacket. Photographer: Pierre-Ange Carlotti. Stylist: Hala Moawad for Next Management, Paris. Talent: Luka Isaac Bensemoun, Elliot Berthault, Julian de Gainza, Francis Mallari, Sasha Melnychuk, Pandora, and Clara 3000 for Next Management Paris.       Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    DIOR HAUTE COUTURE organza and silk charmeuse dress with gold embroideries and leather sandals.  VALENTINO HAUTE COUTURE wool and silk bodice with cut out sleeves and swirl neck, quilles taffeta folded skirt, necklace and bracelets.  GIORGIO ARMANI PRIVÉ chiffon blouse with sleeves embroidered with graduated resin tesserae, silk velvet sarouel pant, leather heels and feather collar.  ATELIER VERSACE silk corset interlocking wrap dress with bodice sequins beadings.   CHANEL HAUTE COUTURE trompe l’oeil taffeta bustier floral motif sequins, beads, rhomboid and looped thread embroidered dress with tail and suede elbow gloves.  IRIS VAN HERPEN iridescent pearl-coated laser cut fabric stitched on cotton and tulle spirula short dress and suede lace thigh high boots.  ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER cotton silk lined parka, cotton flax corset dress with metal studs and leather studs heels.  AOUADI wool natté and purple silk satin vest and platinum sequins grid embroidered wrap skirt.  J. MENDEL broadtail and velvet mink off-the-shoulder coat with beads encrusted corset, chiffon skirt and satin lace-up boots.  GIAMBATTISTA VALLI HAUTE COUTURE silk organza embroidered cocktail dress with crystal pendants neckline and silk satin duchess balloon sleeves.  GAULTIER PARIS plastic wood pattern corset, bird feathers embroidered skirt, leather gloves and leather vinyl heels. Inside the L’Oratoire du Louvre—a historic Protestant church once the Royal Chapel of the Louvre Palace under Louis XIII—the Japanese musician Kazuka Nagaya bent his body forward to the cement, his right hand gripping a small steel rod lightly touching the set of bowls aligned in two rows on the floor, producing the high-pitch sounds of Zen Buddhist monasteries. At one end stood a model, moving her hands in slow motion while wearing a bioluminescent dress made from a thousand hand-blown glass bubbles and molded in transparent silicone. Not far behind her, another model gestured similarly with a massive cocoon-shaped short dress, with folded petals of iridescent pearl-coated, laser-cut fabric, hand-stitched onto black cotton and tulle; the wavy folding patterns of the dress reflecting Iris van Herpen’s exploration of the study of cymatics, the visualization of sound waves as complex geometric patterns. The marriage of innovative fabrics with traditional handicraft has been a central focus of van Herpen’s exigencies for experimentation ever since her début in July 2007 and has since shaped the ongoing debate about the relevance of haute couture in the digital era. While Karl Lagerfeld experimented with 3D printing last fall—using selective laser sintering to melt the plastic materials and mold three dimensional tweed grids into a classic Chanel skirt suit, which was then hand-embroidered—this season the designer put the unique craftsmanship skills of the house atelier in full display, having it literally serve as the backdrop and as a reminder of what is really special about haute couture at the Grand Palais. Guests walked past white cutting tables filled with sketches, fabrics, work sheets, half-completed embroideries and beading materials, toiles, and dress forms with partially-draped half done dresses or parts of jackets: all the accouterments of the Chanel atelier normally situated at the rue Cambon headquarter in plain view, demonstrating the arduous process of creating a couture garment. Sitting in front of a section of Madame Jacqueline’s temporary tailleur atelier—where the specialization is in structured clothes as opposed to the flou atelier where the expertise lies in fluid constructions—I distinguished her team petites mains’ work in the multitude of manifestations of the Chanel classic skirt suit; now enlivened as a rigid wide-leg short pant suit, or a short-sleeve tiered skirt suit with subtle floral embroidery. Not to be outdone, the flou atelier shone with a long, white, short-sleeve dress embroidered in intricate floral and geometric patterns, with layers of paillettes and glass beads. Over the past decade Chanel has purchased multiple heritage specialty artisans including the embroiderer Lesage and Montex, the milliner Michel, the flower and feathers specialists Lemarié and Guillet, the silversmith Goosens, and the glove-maker Causse—modernizing their business structure to assure their survival, not just for haute couture but for preserving these skills for the fashion industry as a whole. In the age of Insta-fashion, these one-of-a-kind couture clothes, that require so much time to make, still stun; the uniqueness and influence extending beyond the particular garments made for the specific clients. Veteran designers to new couturiers like Giambattista Valli, Aouadi, and Francesco Scognamiglio, all deploy traditional craftsmanship to create these innovative and creative fall/winter collections. Since their first show at the Sorbonne in January 2009, Maria Grazia Chiuri and Pierpaolo Piccioli have always delved into the arts to imbue their Valentino collections with a sense of grandeur, history, and perhaps a raison d’être. Embarking from the starting point of the Elizabethan Era and the proposition that the world is a stage where individuals represent themselves through emotions, passions and drive, and that clothes reflect ‘the impulse of the soul,’ the design team crafted looks such as an austere slim black jacquard pants with a white cotton blouse with attached bows, a cropped black jacket, and a black crêpe dress requiring 320 hours of merlons handiwork. A charnel tulle-train dress embroidered with rows of white pearls, a black tulle chainmail dress and vest with bronze leather applications are certainly great couture garments from the Rome atelier but much more exquisite when set against the backdrop of Shakespearean drama. At Dior, the caretaker design team of Lucie Mercier and Serge Ruffieux used the house heritage 1947 New Look of a rigid cropped a-line jacket over a long skirt as a metaphor for the slight transformation of the Dior silhouette, in the toned down show, featuring loose-fitted a-line jackets with flowing skirts, and short sleeve v-neck dresses, a few with gold embroidery. The emphasis being on the atelier’s work in crafting these clothes for clients, the lightness and fluidity of the collection, however, not conveying this message effectively. “I was inspired by the multicultural and religious mix of the Spanish Andalusia region,” said Yacine Aouadi, “where many cultures blend for centuries.” His third collection, ‘Cordoue’ consists of 13 looks, reflecting the ecclesiastical and cultural blend of church-mosque and Spanish-Moor architecture. Aouadi continues to experiment in his handiwork with the concept of reversibility, such as one look, where the back of a strapless wool dress is folded back to reveal an inner corset in lamb leather beaded with black and white pearls, or a purple spaghetti-strap dress with folded and pressed fabric petals alternating on the front and reversed in the inside and back of dress. The platinum sequins embroidered onto a black skirt were subjected to high temperatures, nearly melting them to form metallic asterisk shapes. Aouadi needs to apply his newly acquired knowledge and fondness of workmanship to broaden his sartorial aperture and create the kind of clothes that a potential client may want to own in order to move his hobby into firm business grounding. “Une Étude” was Giorgio Armani’s theme this season for his Armani Privé haute couture collection that included a booklet of his sketches along with fabric colors, allowing his customers to select their design and color when they make appointments. Armani Privé is a collection focused on the customer, and a pioneer of daywear couture since the debut show in Paris in January 2005. This season, rather than a specific theme—like lilac last season or Japan a few years before—the collection is all about the precise cut of a silvery cigarette pant, single-breasted jackets in black silk crêpe, houndstooth, or silk jacquard, and coats in geometric ottoman fabrics. A more simplified eveningwear selection was shown this season as well, this one devoid of complicated design elements, including a long black velvet dress with a deep v-neck, outlined with sparkling crystal trim. Alexandre Vauthier knows his women customers and how their wardrobe choices directly reflect who they are. He has a penchant for cutting dresses slightly shorter than expected, sometimes with slits cutting straight up to the pelvic bones. This collection felt softer and sportier than those of the past, with a beaded military pant paired with a boxy white shirt, and a gray sweatshirt with a gold-beaded micro-skirt, probably a nod to a different customer base for this now seven-year-old brand. Surely the green military elements rendered the collection more sporty, and allowed for customers to mix the fox-lined olive cotton coat with their own clothes, or to wear the light brown leather jumpsuit by itself. Vauthier’s trademarks, however, were still there in the black crochet tee, the high-waisted undergarments, the sparkling tights with a tailored black wool jacket draped over the shoulder, and the black one-sleeve side-slit dress with a big leather bow at the waist. Elsewhere Jean-Paul Gaultier renounced his propensity for hyper-thematic shows—which often obscure his brilliant couture clothes—this time opting for the simple reference of wood grain surfaces translated into sumptuous belted coats, slim-fitted cat suits, and long dresses in lace and silk complete with faux fur hats. Gaultier’s signature tailoring was in full display throughout with a black single-breasted metallic striped pantsuit, and a wood-print knee-length coat. Donatella Versace explored new attitudes in her Atelier collection last season with extreme sporty cuts; this season she continues in that vein, with an emphasis on draping and less ornamentation. A light pink cashmere coat with lime green lining worn with a sheath dress opened the show, clearly anchoring the collection in daywear couture rather than just special occasion clothes with perhaps the intention of broadening the market for this collection. A pink satin swath of fabric folded in a zigzag pattern over a black one-sleeve wool dress, and multicolored pastel fabrics intertwined on a black corset dress showed the sophisticated draping work of the Atelier collection. The haute couture season ended with the high voltage announcement that Maria Grazia Chiuri will be Dior’s next creative director, while her longtime collaborator, Pierpaolo Piccioli will helm Valentino single-handedly. Chiuri will certainly guide Dior on a new creative course—something that has been missing since Raf Simons’ sudden departure last October. It will also be interesting to see how Valentino’s lyrical haute couture will evolve under Piccioli. Separately they will surely invigorate haute couture come next January. Stylist: Long Nguyen. Model: Viki K for Metropolitan Models. Hair: Cyril Laforet. Makeup: Christopher Cam for Airport Agency. Styling Assistant: Ivan Dion for Carnet Divoire Mag. Location: L’Arc, Paris. Written by Long Nguyen Photographed by Nicolas Wagner Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Left to right: HUDSON JEANS jeans, K-SWISS sneakers, MAYA GELLER necklace, and MARA CARRIZO SCALISE choker. HUDSON JEANS shirt and jeans, stylist’s own scarf, K-SWISS sneakers and MAYA GELLER rings. HUDSON JEANS shirt and jeans, SUPRA sneakers, MAYA GELLER bracelet and rings, and MARA CARRIZO SCALISE choker. All models wear: HUDSON JEANS hoodie. MARIA wears MAYA GELLER bracelet. KAYLA wears MAYA GELLER necklace and MARA CARRIZO SCALISE choker. MARIA wears MARA CARRIZO SCALISE choker. HUDSON JEANS hoodie and MAYA GELLER ring. MAYA GELLER ring. MAYA GELLER bracelet and rings and MARA CARRIZO SCALISE choker. Left to right: KAYLA wears HUDSON JEANS shirt and jeans, MAYA GELLER necklace, and MARA CARRIZO SCALISE choker. MARIA wears HUDSON JEANS shirt and jeans and MARA CARRIZO SCALISE choker. ALEKSANDRA wears HUDSON JEANS shirt and jeans. Left to right: HUDSON JEANS shirt and jeans and K-SWISS sneakers. HUDSON JEANS jeans, K-SWISS sneakers, MAYA GELLER necklace, and MARA CARRIZO SCALISE choker. HUDSON JEANS shirt and jeans and SUPRA sneakers. Left to right: HUDSON JEANS shirt and jeans and K-SWISS sneakers. HUDSON JEANS shirt and jeans, SUPRA sneakers, and MARA CARRIZO SCALISE choker. HUDSON JEANS jeans, K-SWISS sneakers, MAYA GELLER necklace, and MARA CARRIZO SCALISE choker. Left to right: HUDSON JEANS jeans and K-SWISS sneakers. HUDSON JEANS jeans and MAYA GELLER bracelet.    Hollywood Streaking: A Film and FW16 Hudson Fashion Story  Location: Dirty Laundry Bar and Wolf Restaurant. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   ALAÏA dress. HERMÈS dress and boots. BALMAIN jacket, skirt, and belt. LANVIN dress. DIOR t-shirt, skirt, pants, and boots. LOUIS VUITTON dress and shoes. CHANEL dress. CÉLINE cardigan, t-shirt, and pants. GIVENCHY jacket, skirt, and tank.    While Melrose Is Peppered With ‘No Cruising’ Signs We Can Certainly Still Cruise Place De La Concorde  
        A Fall/Winter 2016 Ready to Wear Fashion Story Photographed by Thierry le Goués and Styled by Long Nugyen     Location: Place de la Concorde, Paris. Beauty Notes: Clarins Paris Ever Matte Shine Control Powder Compact, Everlasting Foundation in Nude, and Joli Rouge Lipstick in Petal Pink. Dior AirFlash Foundation in Ivory, 5 Couleurs Couture Colours & Effects Eyeshadow Palette in Pied de Poule and Carré Bleu, DiorShow Mascara in Black, DiorShow Pro Liner in Black and Navy, Rouge Dior Lipsticks in Swan and Darling, and Nail Lacquers in Muguet and Incognito. Bumble and bumble Bb Holding Spray, Bb Thickening Hairspray and Bb Thickening Serum. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   HANNAH – FRONT COVER Wearing her own vintage Alaïa skirt and vintage Yves Saint Laurent choker. BRAINA – JANVIER Wearing CÉLINE pants. ALANA – FÉVRIER Wearing WILDFOX sweatpants. ELENA – MARS Wearing L’AGENT BY AGENT PROVOCATEUR briefs. IRIE – AVRIL Wearing L’AGENT BY AGENT PROVOCATEUR bra and ACNE STUDIOS pants. NATALIE – MAI Wearing AGENT PROVOCATEUR briefs. LEILA – JUIN GABBY – JUILLET ALGO – AOÛT Wearing CALVIN KLEIN underwear and KENZO boots. KENDALL – SEPTEMBRE Wearing her own pants and glasses. VALENTINA – OCTOBRE Wearing CÉLINE pants. SOAREE – NOVEMBRE Wearing DRIES VAN NOTEN pants. COURTNEY – DÉCEMBRE Wearing LA PERLA briefs, OFF-WHITE shoes, DARNER socks, and ZANA BAYNE choker. ZEDA – BACK COVER    Les Filles de Oh La La Land: A 2017 Calendar photographed by Olivier Zahm  Hair Assistant: Nicole Hamilton. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   BLUMARINE dress and BLKATWHITEKAT choker. BITE BEAUTY the multistick in papaya used on eyes, lips, and cheeks GUCCI dress. URBAN DECAY eyeshow in zephyr and woodstock, Vice lipstick in uptight, and B6 Vitamin-Infused Complexion Prep Spray. SIMONE ROCHA dress, shirt, and skirt and BVLGARI necklace, ring, and cuff. NARS dual-intensity eyeshadow in kari audacious, mascara in black satin, the multiple in maui, semi matte lipstick in shanghai express, and brow defining cream in tanami. MIU MIU jacket and shirt and LOEWE necklace. KEVYN AUCOIN the celestial skin liquid lighting, the precision liquid liner, and the lip gloss in dahliana. PRADA coat and skirt. COLOURPOP COSMETICS eyeshadow in fast lane and bee sting, gel cream liners in prance, lip gloss in fairy floss. CHANEL dress, necklace, and cuffs. MARC JACOBS BEAUTY highliner gel crayon in blacquer, feather noir ultra-skinny lash discovery mascara, style eye-con no.3 eyeshadow palettes in the mod and the shoe gazer, and air blush in lines and last night. DOLCE & GABBANA coat and dress and SAINT LAURENT necklace, earrings, and cuff. KAT VON D BEAUTY lock-it hydrating primer, shade + light eye contour palette, tattoo liner in trooper, and studded kiss lipstick in slayer.    Inspired By French Paintings  
        A Fall/Winter 2016 Fashion and Beauty Story Photographed by Zoey Grossman and Styled by Leila Baboi     Digital Tech: Evan Strang. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                             “G-Star is an independently minded and forward thinking company. I believe they will be the definitive jeans brand of the 21st century." Williams said, "I am looking forward to be part of that mission and to co-create G-Star’s future.” When looking at the new line, it is evident that innovation was at the forefront during the creative process, with patchwork and detailing adding to the handmade feel, and retaining G-Star's unique aesthetic, yet with edgier cuts that point towards a subtle new direction for the brand. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Perverze is the burgeoning Tokyo-based, avant-garde street label taking off in global proportions. The brand is comprised of an on-going collaboration between creative visionaries in Japan, and founded on the retro styles of the 80s and 90s counterculture. Despite the decline of fashion retailers in recent years, Perverze is one of Japan's fastest-growing fashion startups. From shredded knits to tailored coats and bucket hats, the brand champions it's vintage aesthetic with modern functionality.  With recent media frenzy, Perverze has teamed up with Assembly NY to launch it's official U.S. presence. Starting November 15th, the Fall/Winter 2019 collection will be on display in New York's Lower East Side for a month-long showcase. Although this pop-up will be brief, Perverze has no plans to slow down any time soon. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On a mid-fall afternoon, Graham Tyler and I sat down at the High Line Hotel. Surrounded by its collegiate gothic-style architecture and mid-19th-century mementos, we reflect on the time ambiguousness of it— much like his work. Once a student of sculpture and millinery, Tyler found his craft somewhere between bespoke and ready-to-wear, although, he’s not the typical trend-leaning, Instagram-hype designer we’ve become accustomed to. Rather, he’s more introspective, and frankly, unparalleled in his skill. Blending Renaissance, Edwardian, and Victorian silhouettes, Graham modernizes each garment reference through a contemporary lens. In conversation, we spoke of his interests, inspirations, and career from past to present.  How did you decide to study sculpture at Cleveland Institute of Art, and how did that lead you to your millinery apprenticeship with Marta Glazen? I started with painting, and my work was about the body. When it came to actually choosing my major, I ended up going with sculpture because I was more interested in tactile 3d works at the time. And again, I was making a lot of things about the body. From there, I realized I really wanted to learn a craft and wanted to have a skill— a real solid craft skill set. I was looking around at what would be of interest to me, and then I became kind of obsessive about really fascinating textiles. So just in happenstance, I found a woman in Cleveland that was taking an apprentice. Her name was Marta, and she took me in very kindly, and it was very intense; it was about two years with her. Two years, for five, maybe six days a week. I learned a lot from her. She's worked with everybody, and she was wonderful.  How did you decide to switch from sculpture to hats to ready to wear? I was making headwear for a lot of different people in New York, from stylists to runway to a lot of nightlife personalities. People would constantly ask me, "Can you make a garment to go with the hats that your making?" So I thought that I probably should learn how to make clothes. I was making a lot of clothing and headwear. Then, some of the designers that I was working with for their own lines  said, "Just start your own thing."  You went on to make custom headwear for Lady Gaga, Barneys NY, Adam Selman, and Polo Ralph Lauren, to name a few. What were those experiences like? Ralph Lauren for Polo was a full-time day job, and I was doing headwear. That was a really great experience of learning the ins and outs of a brand and how a brand functions at that scale. It's especially nice to work at a brand with such a specific aesthetic. When it comes to celebrities, I work with a few different stylists and such. I largely work with Zaldy, who is a big costume designer. He used to be the designer for LAMB for Gwen Stefani. I worked with him, and it's a really great relationship because he can transfer the information and the aesthetic that they're looking for quite easily. Celebrity work can be tricky because we both come to the table with totally different aesthetics. So I try to translate their thoughts and their words through my hand, which can be kind of a tedious process. It's a lot of give and take on that, but in the end, it's fun. Speaking of costume design— have you ever considered crossing over into that category? I mean, I now understand why Christian Lacroix decided to be a costume designer. Because there's a lot more freedom in that— I don't think I would, because I don't feel that my clothes and the topics that I'm discussing in my work translate well on stage, so I probably would never become a costume designer. None of my clothes have any historical accuracy. I'm usually re-cutting a historical garment into something totally different, or I cut a jacket as a shirt, and I cut a corset as a jacket. I kind of am shifting and re-translating and re-curating things. Your silhouettes are a modern and original take on historical fashion with an emphasis on curved seams, leg of mutton sleeves, corsets, suit vests, and so on. What era's in fashion do you find most influential to you? And do you see a resurgence in antiquated-style clothing? I think the world is consistently reflexive. I think that that is relevant to me. I do see a resurgence in— at least currently, there's a lot of Victorian and Edwardian references transpiring. Especially with puffed sleeves, these are quite popular at the moment. The most recent collection was largely about Mary Shelley and her husband and the Pforzheimer collection at the New York Public Library, which focuses on 1819 to 1845. I mainly stuck to that time period as to the corsets, jackets, and shirts that I was cutting— I was referencing those styles. My work blends Renaissance, Edwardian, Victorian, and some extremely contemporary styles of cutting so that things never feel historical, and they never feel contemporary. They always feel like this very time ambiguous work, which I think is a new way of making clothes — to be very time ambiguous about the way that you're working. Overarchingly, people describe my work as being very Amish. I definitely take that as a compliment, just because I think I cut very graphic shapes, but with very tactile textiles and very hand ROT textiles- and that's kind of an Amish practice. The wonderful thing about Amish is that they look the same today as they did, and they do still.  Speaking of your SS20 collection, "The Origin of Failure," what's the meaning behind this title? It's a long, drawn-out situation. Though the collection was about the Pforzheimer collection and Mary Shelley and her husband, it also was in tandem with trying to figure out what contemporarily is a Romantics approach to making things. I was really inspired by glitch art — also, the act of being romantic about pixelated data. A lot of the prints were all glitched out. I was glitching the images with the love letters. I was typing the love letters into the code of the photos and glitching them through that by putting too much data into the back end. So the long drawn out part of it is that there's only one real piece of critical academic writing about the glitch art that's called The Aesthetics of Post-Digital Objects, I believe. It refers to a glitch as the origin of failure. I was really fascinated by that term. Also, it's terminology as linked to Mary Shelley's obsession with failure in her book and most of her literature, but especially in Frankenstein. What were some of your other points of inspiration for the collection?  I was looking at one specific love letter, which is dated August 23rd — my birthday, that Mary Shelley's husband sent to her. Then when he passed away, she rewrote it, and the rewritten version is at the library. That was the main graphic, and then I referenced for the styles that I was cutting a few original Parisian fashion magazines from the early 1800s, these little women's books. Then a diary-slash-entertainment book that a woman named Anne Wagner kept, and I created a dress using her entire book that I reprint. That dress now will be in the permanent collection of the Phorzheimer. They have bought it, and it'll be the only piece of contemporary clothing that exists in their archive, which is really wonderful. Those are the main things that I was focusing on visually.  Do you have a favorite piece from this collection? The jacquard triptych. The three-piece suit that had their love letters and embroidered into it was my favorite look. That garment is made with this new technology that I'm working on with a computer weaving company in California to be able to create jacquard garments with no wastage. That's how the Mary Shelley corset was also created. They normally create a lot of wastage to make that work.  Art plays an innate influence in your work. Do you prefer antiquity or modern art? It's a big mix in between. I don't think there's an art style that I don't like for the most part, but I'm not a big Surrealist fan. There are a few artists that I'm always thinking about, but I only look at historical art when it's when it pertains to a specific topic. I know the Smithsonian Institution in DC was an important gallery to you growing up. What's your favorite museum today? As a child, we went to that museum almost every summer in DC. There's a Vermeer room that was important to me, and the room about Alexander Calder in the Modern was significant for me as a kid. The feeling of uncanniness inspired me in his work. I recently went to the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum. That was probably the most fantastic art experience I've had because it's really beautiful to experience art of that nature and of that caliber on non-white institutional walls. What are some of your favorite art movements and painters? My favorite artist is Joseph Cornell, who created these incredible little boxes filled with objects. He dealt with melancholy, nostalgia, and love in the same way that I do. I have a soft spot for miniatures and small works of art. I am more inspired by the underpaintings of paintings than I am of the paintings themselves. The color palettes from my work are based on Versailles' underpaintings, which are black and white paintings that they do before they do the painting on top. Any of the artists in the Baroque time period did that a lot. I look at Baroque paintings and Baroque unfinished works of art quite often. I also look at Jasper Johns work a lot. Currently, there's an artist Jefferson Hayman. He's a photographer, and he does these really beautiful little photographs that are my current obsession. Your last two collections have focused on the use of muted colors. Why are you more drawn to grays and blacks, and do you plan on reintroducing color in future collections? I'm partially color blind, and managing all of those colors was very hard for me. I realized I was in a very different place at that point in time. The short answer is no; I won't be going back to color. I consider those first two collections iterations of me attempting to figure out what I wanted to make. Then the most recent collections are me telling the world what I am making and what I am planning to continue to make. Gray, black and white will always be the base, and I will softly incorporate beiges and taupes and rusts, and some kind of soft lilacs. Everything else will stay rooted in those colors. I also like that you could, in theory, take any piece from those collections and moving forward be able to put them together because colors will always match up. I think that's important for the people who look at the clothes and also wear them. How do you achieve your impeccable tailoring? What's your trial and error process like while developing silhouettes each collection? My suits are sewn by hand. They are quite meticulously sewn, and I make all of the patterns and samples.  I keep everything really structured, largely just because I'm drawn to those really aesthetic lines. It was more so a very long learning curve to have to teach myself how to sew a suit like that. I was looking at a lot of old designer suits who made stunning haute couture suits. That's where I learned how to make the ones that I make now. So what's next?  I'm launching e-commerce in the next month or so with some of our core styles and shapes. I am really focusing on the dress shirts. That's kind of everyone's favorite item from us. I'm currently in the Elaine Gold Launch Pad program, so lots of things to come through the CFDA and the EGLP. Then I am already starting the textile development process. The process is very long, and we create entirely new textiles every season, almost every textile is exclusive to the brand. I'm in the process of ideation and also agreements between what collection I'm going to be allowed to use next. There's a lot of logistical things with these collections, so I'm working on what collection I'll be using next. Clothing: Graham Tyler ‘The Origin of Failure’ Produced and Directed by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: Jack Belli Styled by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Mia Varrone Model: Inga Dezhina at Supreme Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Veronica Vilim, Luka Sabbat. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Frida Aasen, Laquan Smith, Daniela Braga, Robin Holzken. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Lion Babe. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Beau Jangless. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  LaQuan Smith. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Aamito Lagum. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA Photo by Avi Gill Last Thursday, New York designer LaQuan Smith and cherub denim brand, Jordache, celebrated its capsule collection at Cipriani's private club, Socialista. Elsa Hosk, Luka Sabbat, Danielle Herrington, and Elisa Johnson, to name a few, sported their Jordache x LaQuan Smith looks as they wined, dined, and grooved to an impromptu performance by Lion Babe. The collaboration, displayed in Smith's Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, is inspired by the NYC nightlife, offering a fresh and reinterpreted version of Jordache's playful denim silhouettes. To view the full collection debuted in LaQuan Smith SS20 click here. Photo by Avi Gill Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Kelcie Schofield is the founder and designer of the contemporary clothing label, CIE Denim. Conceived in 2018, Kelcie fills a gap in her industry by reusing and reworking pre-existing denim as well as solidifying a new and less toxic manufacturing process. Whether it’s restructured silhouettes, deadstock materials, or Naveena Mills’ cutting edge Horizon fabric, CIE represents the future of manufactured denim in our increasingly destructive global climate.  In addition to responsible garments, Kelcie melds this effort with creative design applications— each piece one of a kind. With flipped pockets on the ankle hem, an upside-down jean fit, and color-blocked seams, each design reflects a unique twist on traditional denim norms. Post Spring/ Summer 2020 presentation, Flaunt spoke with Schofield to discuss the past, present, and future of CIE Denim. Tell us about the inception of CIE. CIE was started from our two core silhouettes - our upside-down jeans and shorts. I wanted to create an item that made heads turn (literally) but could also be worn day to day. How do you aim to be a new and unique voice in the industry of denim? Every piece we come out with should have something that gives it an extra spark. We’re here to make unique investment pieces that you feel good about buying.  How do you view sustainability as an essential component of the current fashion climate? That’s exactly how I view it - an essential component. Sustainability, for me, is a non-negotiable for any new business to find success in the current climate. Since I launched CIE in 2018, there has been a noticeable change in the industry and how customers view their clothing.  What are your efforts in regards to sustainability? Explain your “slow-fashion” philosophy. I have two sustainable mediums I work with right now. The first and the essence of what built CIE is reworked vintage. Even for our knits, we reworked Hanes T-shirts. Using fully recycled materials creates an exciting challenge for each style that I enjoy working through. For the sustainably manufactured denim that we source through Naveena Mills, we do fully “new” jeans made entirely from the Naveena fabric as well as combining the new fabric with vintage materials.  How do you believe denim will evolve in years to come? I think sustainability will continue to be a driving force in the denim industry. My hope is that companies established and emerging will embrace responsible practices. It’s slowly transitioning, but it’s not quite there yet.  What’s next for CIE? More learning and growing! We plan to push the brand into unexplored territories, whether it’s new materials or new silhouettes.  Clothing: CIE Denim SS20 Photography by: Phoenix Johnson Model: Lyn Hersh Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli. Creative director Wil Beedle hosted an event in honor of AllSaints 25th anniversary.  Accompanied by musical guests such as Flaunt Fave Arsun Sorrenti, the night was a classic celebration at Chateau Marmont’s bungalow 1. Hoards of the coolest kids hung out chain smoking by the pool while a DJ set by Hateboy got the rocking crowd weirding out to some house tracks. The influence soaked crowd included Ariel Beesley, Bec Adams, Ally HilFiger, Amanda Steele, Eddie Mitsou, Gavin Turek, Finneas, Kate Parfet, Kilo Kish, Marta Pozzan, Rainsford, Salem Mitchell, Sara Cummings Zach VIlla, and a host of other Beauts. Photographed by David Vassalli. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The contemporary retail concept, Maiden Name, is the brainchild of Alix Freireich, and David Lê. While the founders met at Vassar College, they reunited to bridge a gap in the interconnected realm of e-commerce. With assistance from Jesse Hudnutt and Susan Lee, the four embark on a journey to reconnect the roots which link fashion and fine art.  Following a seasonal calendar, Maiden Name will organize its collections as an online, and interdisciplinary group show; showcasing exclusive artist collaborations alongside in-house women’s apparel. Like a chest full of curated gold, Maiden Name may hold the key to your future treasures.  In a recent conversation, Flaunt spoke with the founders to discuss the start of this forward-thinking, art formed, and eco-minded community. Tell us about the genesis of your retail concept, Maiden Name. Maiden Name really emerged out of our own sense that we didn't have a place where we loved to shop. It also came out of an acknowledgment that we spend a lot of time shopping and consuming media online, and those activities all seem to take place in the same dead, zombified e-comm context. So when we found ourselves with an opportunity to share work we love, made by people we love, alongside the apparel we make, it felt like there was an opening to use e-comm differently. We call ourselves "Maiden Name" because we want to highlight the people and stories (the "maiden names") that usually get erased when things enter the public sphere. And we wanted to keep this feminist gesture, insisting on a kind of independence, even as we credited those that came before us. Tihngs by Eric Oglander Photo by David Behl What are your thoughts on the link between fine art and fashion? We think about this a lot, in part because we need to protect the fine artists we work with, and an association with fashion can make their work seem trivial. That's just a fact, even though, by and large, we think it's bunk. We think of artist/designers like Sonia Delaunay, or photographers like Grete Stern and Ilse Bing, who all straddled the worlds of art and fashion and did great work (a full century before Sterling Ruby and Cindy Sherman!). That's why we highlight them on our Instagram @maiden.name.store. But we do recognize the need to let art and fashion excel on their own terms. We want to produce fashion that's technically perfect, that's beautiful. Our objects are freer, in some ways, to be about other things––they can be "about" history; they can be weird, or conceptual. What unifies everything is our sense of our customer's needs––they want beautiful, thoughtful, well-made clothes, and they want to collect beautiful, thoughtful, and well-made objects. What influenced the first womenswear collection? The collection draws on Alix's archival research, so it brings together 19th-century reference pieces and touches of the 1970s, modernized and rendered in high-quality materials. The Zoe Shirt, for example, is modeled on an Edwardian grandfather shirt that was still in great condition because it was made in silk. Ours is silk too, and we hope it also lasts a century. We describe the core concept as "70s Renaissance Fair," which sounds odd, but the end products are all meant to be totally wearable and versatile. We want them to be sexy and smart. And it felt like that was missing from what's out there now.   How does sustainability play a part in your collections? Sustainability is core to what we're trying to achieve. We make everything here in NYC, so it's a local supply chain. We use deadstock material, and because our production runs are so small, the wastage is minimal. More broadly, we need to slow consumption down (which is an odd thing for a fashion company to acknowledge). But we want customers to buy less and buy better. Our next step is to scale up in ways that will allow us to ensure sustainability from raw materials to end product. That's a challenge, particularly when you're small. You feature collaborative work with Paul Arnhold’s hand-blown glass and Eric Oglander’s collection of 19th and 20th-century folk art. What prompted the choice of these artists for your first collection?  Paul is a dear friend making very beautiful work here in Brooklyn. That was a no-brainer. We found Eric through his "Craigslist Mirrors" project (@craigslist_mirrors) his Instagram-based collection of images, sourced from Craigslist, of mirrors for sale. We thought that was brilliant. And his Tihngs project is too. Both Eric and Paul have such distinct points of view (and are making work that is almost diametrically opposed, formally). So they seemed like great partners to open the collection with. Indigo Vase by Paul Arnhold Photo by David Behl What are your favorite pieces from your inaugural collection? We love the Tamara Top. It almost verges into historical costume, but doesn't, and ends up being so cool. We also love the Tramp Box, which is sculptural, and modern, and old at the same time, and the Graffiti Vase, which is kind of a twisted take on Paul's other work. And we love the framed set of Leung Kui Ting prints––they look simple, but the more time you spend with them, the more you like them. That's always the real test when you collect.  How do you envision the growth of Maiden Name? I think first and foremost we want Maiden Name to build out the line beyond shirting. We also want to have more of a physical presence. It's hard to communicate something like the perfect fit, or the beauty of hand painting without having people see things in the real world. At the same time, we want to expand our digital presence and knit together a community, folding in our friends in Berlin (at the end of 2019) and then with more cities in 2020. Photography by: Matt Grubb Styling by: Gabriel Held Model: Fiffany Luu Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   While the fashion industry is backed by an insatiable appetite for the new, we find ourselves in a current climate of trying to stay well-fed, while simultaneously reminding ourselves the importance of sustainability. These three young designers have found a way to bring forth something innovative, while also holding themselves accountable. We have Bethany Williams, conceptualizing clothing with a focus on social issues, Christopher John Rogers, designing for those influencing radical change, and Emily Adams Bode, sourcing from the past to create something for the now. Interviewed by Mui-Hai Chu Photo courtesy Bethany Williams What drew to design? My love for fabric construction, and how design can be used to find solutions. I read your mom help knit and create pieces for you. Was she ever in fashion as well? She used to be a pattern cutter for factory in Liverpool,  and now she does soft furnishings and she also does my netting as well. Obviously your family is really important to you. You grew up in Liverpool?  I was born in Liverpool but then I grew up on the Isle of Man. It’s such a small tight-knit community. Loads of things are locally produced and there weren’t many main stores growing up. How do you describe your design process? It always starts with an issue I am trying to solve and then we work with a charity that tries to talk about that issue. What issues are you looking forward to promoting? I think for the next collection I’m working with a charity that makes temporary housing for women and children. Who would you say are your inspiration or muses? I love other designers like Walter Van Beirendonck I’ve been a massive fan girl for a while. Do you have any type of life inspiration outside of fashion? I do like artists like Egon Schiele. I really love his work. My inspiration is probably my family.  What do you think are the bigger challenges you face trying to be sustainable? I think sourcing is a massive one, as is pricing, and having things available. How do you decide to up-cycle a piece? How does the process come about?  It kind of depends on the project we’re doing. We will be doing the collection and there are staples that we always upcycle. I’m trying to introduce more and more. Where do you hope to see yourself in the next five years? I would like to start my own social manufacturing project in the UK. Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy  Christopher John Rogers To start at the beginning, what drew you to design?  Anime, manga, and cartoons—especially people with special powers. The ability for clothing to help people self-actualize and to give them a newfound confidence. You grew up in Louisiana. What effect, if any, did growing up in the south have on your creative evolution?   A real sense of polish and refinement is found in the South – especially in the Black Church. Spending time with my mother and grandmother in church helped me curate an eye for the finish and cut of clothing and has been an inspiration for me ever since. How would you describe your design process?  I'd describe it as visceral. Although I try to be strategic, I'm ultimately extremely influenced by my intuition, emotion, and heavily inspired by color. As a recent graduate, what is the best advice you've received from your mentors at SCAD?  Work hard and stay true to yourself. There are always people that might be more talented or more privileged than you, but hard work and humility know no bounds.  Where do you find inspiration? Everywhere! Debris on the side of the street, mid-century couture, things my friends are wearing, et You've dressed people from Cardi B to Michelle Obama. Having worked with so many influential figures, is there a lasting moment with one that stands out to you the most?  To work with a woman that's equally revered for her intellect and passion, as well as her individualistic sense of style, is definitely a highlight. My family was also extremely proud of me, so that's a plus! Where do you see the fashion industry headed in the next 5 years?  A sense of increased accountability and transparency that's come with the proliferation of social media. I think we're going to see a complete upheaval of the traditional ways of showing and interacting with fashion. Tell us about your fall collection.  Stonehenge, quinceañeras, and Dr. Seuss. What's next?  Everything! We're working on our Spring 2020 collection and are also finalists for the CFDA Vogue Fashion Fund, so we're working our tails off! Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Where are you from, and how has that made an impression on you creatively? I’m from Atlanta. My parents were from Massachusetts, so I spent a lot of time in Cape Cod. I have this juxtaposition of New England and the South. The effect Atlanta had on me was not only the southern hospitality, but a lot about celebrating craft and culture. Tell us about the moment you knew you wanted to become a designer.   In high school, I was taking extracurricular art classes, like how to draw, technical fashion. I also took a croquis drawing class, and it must’ve been junior year that I knew that I wanted to be a designer as a career choice. I went to Parsons for menswear design and I went to Eugene Lang for philosophy. In what ways does the study of philosophy and your interest in fashion design connect? I think it’s primarily the way that I come up with a narrative for the season, and what sorts of questions in culture—my culture, other people’s culture and tradition—should be asked and should be addressed. How to talk about the historical narrative around clothing, and dressing. You’re known for re-contextualizing materials in a lot of your garments, many of which are vintage textiles. How did you get into the textile portion of it? Since I was a little kid, I had been interested in buying antiques and all of the historical narratives alongside that. We would go to all of these antique markets in Atlanta, and flea markets in New England, in and around Massachusetts. Why design menswear? I went to school for it, but I’ve always been interested in designing for someone outside of myself. Tell us about your fall collection. That collection was inspired by a narrative around gallerist Todd Alden, who is an ephemera dealer in downtown New York. I worked with him and talked to him about his life, collecting, what sorts of things inspired him to collect, where he lives, history of that location, his family history, how he came to become a curator, and the moment he opened his own gallery. Where abouts do you find inspiration? Following the life of someone and their relationship to objects, the domestic space, and the traditions that have shaped their lifestyle. Do you ever see yourself getting into womenswear? Not right now. We have a bunch of stores that pick it up as women’s, but it is traditionally a menswear brand. In the future maybe we’ll have a different conversation around that. What’s next?  Right now, we’re working on production, but really building out our own manufacturing space. Most of the collections we make in New York is made in our own studio, so building that out is the next step.  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Images courtesy Bethany Williams. Images courtesy Christopher John Rogers. Images courtesy Emily Adams Bode.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. A brand that makes style, comfort, and practicability a priority while making sure to evoke confidence, Knorts recently launched a new collection called, Scarlet Knorts. Color is the main factor of enhancing the garments’ attributes. Traditionally, Knorts has used the color blue which represents calmness, coolness, stability, and reliability, which are all components of confidence and is the signature color of their denim wear.  Knorts’ new capsule collection, Scarlet Knorts, incorporates the feelings associated with the color red. This collection aims to evoke strength, warmth, comfort, love, and power into the customers’ everyday life. Befitting to their aim, these characteristics can also support the feeling of confidence. There are future plans to create more color capsules to keep both the brand and wearers in an emotional equilibrium. This launch is partially used to spread awareness about California fires with 10% of proceeds from the Scarlet Knorts collection being donated to fire aid services.  Shop the new collection here    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   As I walk in the flagship Messika store, I’m greeted with smiles, macarons and diamonds. Immediately I felt that I had entered a world of femininity and style. The pieces are beautiful and delicate, yet powerful. Messika is an iconic jewelry brand worn by celebrities like  Rhianna, Penelope Cruz, and even Serena Williams during her training session. Valerie Messika, founder of the brand, created the trend of “everyday diamonds.” Much of Valérie’s inspiration comes from art, playing with a Calder sculpture in her father's office, absorbing from his collection various details of line, movement, color, composition, which have shaped her overall sense of form and proportion. I got the opportunity to chat with Valarie and try on some of the most gorgeous pieces of jewelry I’ve ever seen.  Why did you choose LA for your flagship store?  We are a family business so we are very intuitive and organic on how we do our business. We met a partner here in Los Angeles called Westime. They are very strong in the jewelry and watch industry. They work with Richard Mille and Audemars Piguet. They are also strong with red carpets in Hollywood so we decided it would be a good idea to open our first flagship store here. What do you hope the new store will bring to the brand?  I’m so excited because I can smell that the Americans in this area love jewelry. But they want something easy to wear, cool and light. This is the Messika philosophy; bringing a coolness to wearing jewelry that is very fine and delicate.  The workmanship and quality of the diamond is the top, but it’s cool. You can enjoy it and wear it everyday or on a big occasion. You can mix it with a casual or sophisticated style.  What was it like having Kate Moss as a muse? The moment I launched my brand 15 years ago I knew she was my muse and inspiration. She's really iconic for me. She embodies femininity, fashion and style. When I launched my brand and the philosophy I wanted to break the traditional code of jewelry. It was made for big occasions, but I wanted to make it apart of fashion and style. That’s why women like Kate Moss are so strong for me.   How would you explain the woman in the street wearing Messika?  The strength of Messika is that the women wearing it range from 18 to 70 years old. I love when I see different types of women wearing it with different styles. It’s not that we are putting a logo on the woman. We can see the personality and the style they embody with the pieces. It’s not about how rich or strong you are. It’s about the feeling and attitude that you have with your own style. It gives you self-confidence.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On Wednesday we celebrated Benetton’s new pop up shop in Santa Monica with prosecco and polaroids. Benetton Group is one of the best-known fashion companies in the world with a network of about 5,000 stores and a headquarters in Ponzano Veneto. The brand is known for its bright colors, the revolution of the retail outlet, and their unique sales network.  The new collections embody both the old and the new, featuring an exciting fusion of its classic colorful style with its newer streetwear-inspired elements. The artistic direction of Jean-Charles de Castelbajac, who is known for his iconic teddy bear coat worn by Madonna and portraits of Andy Warhol, shines through the recent collections. He recently united with the Benetton Group earlier this year, which was announced at Milan Fashion Week. He announced backstage that “The DNA of Benetton and mine have many similarities…this meeting between us is happening at the right moment, too, because this idea that desirable things can be of good quality and be affordable to many people is very interesting now…Benetton has been sleeping a little bit. But it has all this sleeping potential. And its base is very strong.”  Bring some color into your life and visit the pop up open from October 25 through November 24th!  Santa Monica Place Floor 1  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Courtesy Hublot With Halloween around the corner, Hublot stirred the cauldron to create a sapphire and emerald green Big Bang MP-11 watch. To give it its unique shade of green (not quite emerald and not quite sapphire), they used a material that has never been used in a watchcase. The material is called SAXEM, which is short for sapphire aluminum oxide and rare earth material. It is a mixture of aluminum oxide (the basic component of sapphire) with rare-earth elements like thulium and holmium.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   KAIMIN is the raising utopian brand initiating the posterity of attire. With a foundation of innovation and inclusivity, the namesake designer may well be sent from the future— sent back a couple of hundred years to propel the industry forward. Harnessing the power of the digital space, and the resourcefulness of sustainability, KAIMIN crafts intergalactic garments with a cunning dose of raunchiness. In a recent interview, Flaunt spoke with the avant-garde designer to discuss the evolution of the label, cyberspace, and the forecast of tech-induced fashion.  Tell us about the creation of the brand with your business partner Dmitri Pchelintsev. My initial foray into clothing design came in 2014 with the Zero Zero Vol. 02 project – a multi-sensory, high-tech video popup exhibition with an installation by Snarkitecture, which I was the protagonist of and also directed alongside stylist Nicola Formichetti and photographer Miles Aldridge. We had the honor of presenting the Vol. 02 book at my beloved Paris store, Colette. As part of that project, I created a stand-alone clothing capsule for the female character, and a very prominent singer ended up wearing some of my pieces in her music video. I felt compelled to create a full collection, and my very good friend Dmitri, who helped produce that very pivotal Zero Zero project, really believed in me as a designer, so we formed the KAIMIN label together in 2016. Dmitri is a creative marketer and business operator who happens to have a very strong background in finance, having spent many years at some of Wall Street's premier institutions investing in renewables, green-tech, and sustainability. Having helped grow several tech-enabled startups, he now oversees all of KAIMIN's business strategy and operations, while leading our expansion as a digitally-native brand, including the recent launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line.  How have innovation and inclusivity played essential roles in the brand? Innovation and inclusivity go hand-in-hand for me, as tolerance for new and crossover ideas breeds progress. KAIMIN leans heavily on technology in everything we do, and aesthetically we work with all types of creatives, communities, and personalities because anyone can uncover something new and beautiful, irrespective of age, race, and gender.  Besides using innovative materials, production techniques, and data analytics, the brand benefits from social media's global reach and the unprecedented direct access to talent that it affords. The Internet is a boundless creative nursery of young innovators that come from all different realms, including art, fashion, music – we love and fully utilize this cross-functionality. I grew up an outlier in a homogeneous society, so I feel my clothes have to speak to things beyond style and promote ideals that are important to me, including social and economic inclusivity, as I feel everyone deserves a voice. In addition to connecting through unrestrained creativity, I try to make items that are more accessible, including from an economic standpoint, and which still adhere to my design and high-quality philosophy – we launched SLFF KAIMIN exactly for this. What facets of New York's underground scene make appearances in your garments? The New York underground scene has this alluring aura of the forbidden, with sexier and darker undertones and the sense of a risque adventure that is addicting. During our SS20 show, for instance, we contrasted the primarily bright and colorful collection with a very dark and sexy setting, aiming for the set design to evoke a feeling of an underground party with red backlighting and a minimal, heavy electronic soundtrack. NYC subculture is edgy, extremely diverse, and creative and demonstrates some of the greatest social acceptance anywhere in the world, which really allows me to meld it with high fashion in a fun way. I love working with established as well as cool new, up-and-coming artists and personalities that grew up in this environment— I draw a lot of inspiration here for my design, music, lifestyle, and the overall direction for KAIMIN. The digital world is a key influence to the brand, hence your Fall/ Winter 2019 collection, "2081: CYBER-ORDINARY". What were your main inspirations and references for that season? Our Fall/ Winter 2019 collection explored archetypes of future beauty and was heavily influenced by such films as Blade Runner and Ex-Machina, specifically their protagonists – androids and cyborgs. I'm a total believer in the eventual symbiosis of man and machine.  In large part, that collection was about defeating the mundane and exploring and strengthening that which sets one apart, no matter the era. If today's fever pitch around privacy, sexual correctness, censorship, etc. ever leads to a dystopian control of self-expression, I'd want my clothes to declare: "when the extraordinary is outlawed, only the outlaws will be extraordinary." What's your view on cyberspace and it's distraction from the real world? I think we're in uncharted waters, and we won't be able to properly assess how good or bad this "distraction" from the real world is for a while, if ever. The cyber is already the real. There are definitely multiple ways to look at this, and it's certainly also a generational thing— just look at the debate around "screen time" for kids among young parents and scientists and the interesting arguments presented by media proponents, including Gary Vaynerchuk. All I know is that this is the manifestation of human progress, and there's no way back regardless, but to me, the benefits outweigh the potential hazards. We are now superbly equipped for improved communication and increased input – although, where the quality of consumed content, general overexposure, and the "3-second" wars are going is a different question.  For KAIMIN, Elon Musk's Neuralink can't arrive fast enough! What were your conceptions involving the recent Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, "INTROSPECTIVE PRISM"? This season, our main collection shared the runway with the launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line, which celebrates self-confidence and self-expression. The overall creative direction was influenced by the sub-conscience theories of Sigmund Freud and films like Annihilation, aiming to expose inner fears to release suppressed identity and desires— literal empowerment through self-discovery.  The collection explores two distinct notions for evolution of human form – through technology and through biological mutation. From the outside, the driver is mechanical – artificial furthering of self via machine. From the inside, the driver is bio-spiritual-- the natural furthering of self via selective mutation of flesh and mind— a physical metamorphosis through the unrestrained self. This season's motto is: "Introspective Prism – Refract all versions of self, Mutate desire and identity, Evolve in spirit and form." With our current climate reality, how do you plan to focus the brand on a more sustainable level? Being on the cutting edge is important to us to both achieve a futuristic design and to help push progress, validating applications of new technologies. We always keep an eye on the new tech that has shown promise in helping to lower the environmental impact of manufacturing, and we try to do our part by using many recycled, sustainable, and organic materials, including Better Cotton Initiative fabrics in our SLFF KAIMIN denim line. As we grow, we will continue to place greater emphasis on better production practices, safer materials, and less waste. Explain some of the laser cutting, production techniques, and 3-D print experiments that are implemented throughout your garment construction process. KAIMIN utilizes quite a bit of technology for manufacturing, content production, and branding, including 3D printing, laser cutting, digital art, AR/VR, motion tracking, etc. and we always seek to emphasize our future-forward thinking in our designs. For garment construction, we use some techniques because they create unexpected and groundbreaking visual results, while other methods actually make sense from a time and capital-intensity perspective.  We're pushing the brand's tech boundaries with the "Stratasys x KAIMIN" 3D-Print Denim Capsule Collection— the first time ever an industrial-quality 3D geometry is printed directly onto denim. We designed the intricate CGI geometry, multi-depth opacity, and colormap in collaboration with Fitchwork to make the final print. Stratasys are pioneers in the additive manufacturing space and have some of the most advanced 3D printing technology in the industry, accompanied by an inherent desire to experiment and come up with something new and cool. They wish to make everyday life better by bringing 3D printing technology to a greater part of the world faster and disrupting the fashion realm is quite big on the radar of Stratasys global creative director, Naomi Kaempfer— so what better way to help assimilate and democratize the tech for clothing than with one of the most common garments, jeans! How do you envision the future of fashion norms? I'd like to think that the future will bring abundance and innovation not just in the material sense but also in our culture and thinking, where humans will finally reach total equilibrium with nature, and each other— no prejudices— and KAIMIN clothing is but one way to represent this future. Like everything else in our society, fashion will continue to be transformed by technology, faster and more accessible information transfer, and diverse global audiences. This, of course, means a lot will change in fashion's tangible areas, like materials with never-before-imagined physical properties, more efficient production techniques, the continued proliferation of smart garments, and increased expectations of what clothing should do for the body and mind. But, to me, the most interesting changes are already occurring on the more intangible, creative side. People's unprecedented ability to communicate who they are has opened up new frontiers. In only a few years, social media exposed how varied yet similar and interconnected different cultures' tastes are, and how people of all walks of life can become influential by traversing these different planes. Being skilled in multiple areas has become the norm for many young creatives today, and this 'polymathism' affects fashion a lot. There are so many cross-functional innovators out there, and fashion definitely benefits from this, becoming more interesting and multifaceted.  What's next for KAIMIN? KAIMIN's mission is to keep innovating ourselves and keep collaborating with people that push the boundaries across the various artistic disciplines and product segments. We want to be more cross-functional and would love to do more than just fashion, even if it's in a more non-permanent format like seasonal collaborations. I wish to meet and inspire more people and to learn from them so we can all come up with a never-before-seen symbiosis of unlikely fields that not only is cool but also could change lives for the better and bring signature KAIMIN flavor to people in more than one way. With that said, I hope to continue building our artistic community and form a creative confluence platform – a culture nebula for local and global artists – to support innovation. To that end, we have already established an endowment fund some time ago, via our Zero Zero Project initiative, which periodically disperses funds to help finance targeted projects. And in that same vein, KAIMIN presented the SS20 show in collaboration with Studio 525, an iconic exhibition & event space housed in the former Andrea Rosen Art Gallery in Chelsea, as the inaugural project for Studio 525 Art Accelerator, which has a very similar vision to ours and aims to provide a physical place for work and showcases to artists and the creative community in general. Produced by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: : Franco Velastiqui Art Direction by: Delfina Pia Rey Styling by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Kevin Cheah Model: Cassie Priestley at Next Models. Styling assistance by: Sabrina Aguirre and Mila Sanguinetti  Credits: FW19 KAIMIN clothing, and GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI heels. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. MAX MARA dress, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. VERSACE dress, earrings, and rings and AGENT PROVOCATEUR underwear. ETRO dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, B-LOW THE BELT belt, and NANCY NEWBERG earrings. HALPERN dress, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring, and ERINESS ring. MAX MARA sweater and dress, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. PREEN BY THORNTON BREGAZZI dress, B-LOW THE BELT belt and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings. ALESSANDRA RICH dress and necklace and MIU MIU earrings all available at MatchesFashion.com, and NANCY NEWBERG rings. AGENT PROVOCATEUR slip dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace and ring, ALINA ABEGG earrings, and STATE PROPERTY pearl ring. ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER dress and scarf, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings and ring. PALOMO SPAIN jacket available at Please Do Not Enter, LA, ALINA ABEGG ring, and MISHO earring. Photographer: Vince M. Aung.  Model: Inga Dezhina. Stylist: Mui-Hai Chu.  Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co. & Oribe Hair Care at Nest Artists.  Makeup: Natasha Severino using NARS Cosmetics at Forward Artists.  Production, Photo, and Styling Assistant: Corrine Ciani Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Being Sustainably responsible in 2019 now means making some changes with how designers are choosing their resources. The female founders behind 42|54 and long time friends Elodie Ouedraogo and Olivia Borlee are both Belgian Gold metal athletes, and now business partners who strongly believe in that type of fashionably responsible involvement. It took them two a clean 42.54 seconds to win a Silver Medal at the Olympic Games in Beijing 2008. That Silver medal turned into Gold, when the winning team was disqualified due to a failed drug test. It was abundantly clear that dirty athletes have no place in sports. That’s when the Gold medalists decided they wanted to make a change. “Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes!” The contemporary active label launched its first 100% sustainable FW19 capsule collection  made of plastic bottles and recycled ocean waste. They believe that great design should also be sustainable. The brand teamed up with renowned textile companies who propose fabrics made from a fiber called SEAQUAL and NEWLIFE recycled from ocean plastics to create the new high-end "made from waste" active wear line that asserts the modern streetwear appeal.  The founders make a conscious effort to be an honest and transparent brand, by largely working with local manufacturers and suppliers.  Elodie and Olivia’s next steps will also be 100% sustainable using organic yarns working with GOTS (Global Organic Textile Standards) certified factories, hang tags produced with recycled paper along with recycled fabrics developed with fibers using the oceans waste and plastic bottles. They both are devoted to giving a second life to stock and leftover fabrics from previous productions along with biodegradable packaging. The The fashion-forward duo provide advanced functionality while calling themselves a "100% sustainable company in the way we work, produce, and live." Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. What was your biggest fear about starting your own line? We believe there are a lot of similarities between the world of sports and fashion. It is about being fearless,  following the process put in place while listening to your gut feeling at the same time to achieve the absolute best. It is about taking a leap of faith in yourself, your partner and your idea. For us creating an activewear collection that was high-end, transcendent  and made in honest and transparent conditions Felt like a void that needed to be filled within our community. There was a clear vision, which was bring some fun and fashion back into the world of sports without ignoring the functional and technical side of the garments. When we decided to launch 42|54, a reference to our winning time during the 2008 Olympics, we didn't really think about it as we both love a great challenge. We just jumped, head first.  There was a lack of experience. (We had both been guest designers for other brands, but came quickly to the realization that this doesn't even come close to owning and managing a brand.)  With that lack of real experience sometimes came also the fear of not being taken seriously. In the beginning we went probably over prepared into ever meeting we had. Not only out of respect for the person sitting in front of us, but also because we wanted to show that we were serious about entrepreneurship.  That we understood that there are no shortcuts to success Initially we also didn't communicate a lot about our backstory either. We didn't want to be perceived as two women who were the faces of the brand, while having an entire team waiting in the back to do the real and hard work. From the beginning we sourced every fabric, button, zipper, label or elastic band you'll find in our collection. Through (sometimes) expensive mistakes and failure we learned a lot. And today we are an authentic brand and a viable business because of it. Aside from the activewear, what other sustainable efforts are being practiced within your company? 42|54 has always been mindful of how and where we produce. After having represented our country in the best way possible in sports it only seemed logical to carry out the strong identity and values that Belgium has created with 'The Antwerp Six' in the world of fashion. We worked a lot with local suppliers. This put our brand already at a 50% of sustainability, solely based on the business decisions we made from the very beginning. Last year we were able to evolve in our sustainable journey by replacing already locally created fabrics by sustainable ones. We also adapted our online service by working with Repack. Repack is a company that offers reusable bags. For every bag clients return to us after their purchase, they receive a small discount. We on the other hand can recover the packaging for a new customer. Additionally we switched to biodegradable labels, we don't use plastic bottles in the office and work with a cleaning company that only uses natural and biological cleaning products. All the employees who live in Brussels, where we are based, walk or take their bike to work.  What was the moment or person that inspired you to produce your own line? We have always looked up to and been inspired by strong female athletes and more so in the 80's and 90's. These were absolute fun times where athletes didn't only stand out with their extraordinary performances, but also by the way the dressed on the field. Women like Florence Griffith and Jackie Joyner-Kersee wore leotards, belted bodysuits, one-legged  and lace leggings. They highlighted their personalities with exciting, daring activewear.  But of course we don't have to look too far. We are surrounded by strong women. Our mothers, sisters, friends and colleagues. 42I54 is built by women, who work very hard every day to create the best possible collection for women. Our sustainable mission on the other hand comes from a very personal experience.  We initially won a silver medal during the Olympic Games in 2008. Eight years later that silver eventually turned into gold when that winning team was disqualified due to substance abuse discovered during a large series of retesting.  This had a major impact on the on athletes worldwide. And while many of us became strong advocates for clean, drug free sports we are less outspoken when it comes to clothes we wear while performing. We felt this too has to change.  Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes.  Sportswear made in honest conditions and without the environmental strain it has today. We can no longer only applaud recognition and financial gain while wearing our low cost shirts. Because someone, somewhere is suffering because of it. Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Just for fun, what are your zodiac signs? Aries and Pisces What are you wanting to accomplish in 2020 with 42|54? It has always been our goal to become the brand that serves as today’s personal survival-kit and Wonder Woman cape all wrapped into one fashion-forward label for all women. 42|54 is for the young women we help through our 'Athlete Ambassador Program'. By supporting them with well made performance gear, we support their dreams of one day becoming professional athletes. Often big brands want to see results first and will later support in anyway possible. We believe talent need’s to be nurtured when  personal budgets are insignificant or non-existent. Today we are proud to announce that 3 women from our ambassadors program will participate in next year’s Olympic and Paralympic Games. We are most definitely also the go-to brand for women who like to have something that is different. Today many women try and balance a career, family and personal time. Finding an outfit that accommodates that lifestyle can be quite the search. The idea to have a legging that has the advanced functionality you'd expect from activewear, yet the high-end look and feel that makes it chic enough to wear outside the gym is very appealing to a lot of women. A winning combination we can offer to our women as we can pull from our own experience and expertise. On top of the need to be unique or different, women want to be informed on what they are putting both in and on their bodies today. Furthermore we would like to continue to develop our sustainable journey and dress as many great women in the US as we possibly can.  We had the opportunity to visit LA recently and it is inspiring to see how a city has succeeded into merging sports into the everyday life. It embodies the definition of an 'active lifestyle'. What were your childhood ambitions? Elodie: I always wanted to be a hairdresser or own my own cafe. That was until I realized that being a bar owner entails more than just serving great coffee. Olivia: I wanted to be a florist. I think I have always been inspired by beauty and making beautiful things. In what place are you the happiest? Most productive? The school of Sports is a great one to graduate from. Being professional athletes has taught us many life lessons. It teaches you to be independent,  winning, losing and how to persevere. Through our careers as professional athletes we have had the privilege of seeing a part of the world and experiencing different cultures and people. We are very appreciative that to this day we get to travel for work from time to time and see our designs come to life in our factory. Funnily enough, the traveling in the past also taught us the importance of home. And how it remains the happiest place for us. It is also where we get most creative. Before we were able to rent our own office space we used to work out of the kitchen. Today we still come up with the best ideas when we are surrounded by the feeling of familiarity. So thank God for WhatsApp these days. How do you live a sustainable life outside of the company? It is important to stress that we are by no means green warriors or examples of how to live a sustainable life. But we 100% get the message and understand the urge to react today. We all have different battles to fight in life but we are convinced that with little effort we can already make  a big difference. A few changes that we have made:  -no to fast fashion; buying less clothes and smarter -no more plastic bottles and additionally be more mindful of the use of plastic in general -buying fresh and seasonal fruit and vegetables instead of pre-packed food,  -reusing the same bag instead of buying a new one for groceries,  -sort trash -the use of natural cosmetics -leave our cars in the garage if not needed  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Published for the first time and celebrating 50 years since the works were created, ‘DESIRE’ by Lloyd Ziff documents New York City in the late 1960s. Ziff’s work captures a New York teeming with fantasy and rebellion. The book tells a story of cultural resistance through Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe.  ‘DESIRE’ was the first photo shoot that Patti and Robert had together. The two of them were photographed in their Hall Street Space in Brooklyn in 1968 and in Ziff’s small apartment in the heart of Greenwich Village in 1969. The book features 65 previously unpublished works including street photographs, original contact sheets, and notes that form the history around 1960s New York and the lives of these two iconic figures. The intimacy between the two paints a picture of the city at this time, pushing their icon status aside to view the city with a more personal lens. 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff “I myself never felt comfortable doing anything with the pictures. Then in 2009 Patti phoned and asked me for permission to publish two of the Hall Street portraits in JUST KIDS, the first portraits of them together she noted. 41 years had passed. . . Robert and Patti had become legendary. Robert and I had remained friends until he died in 1989, and I had enjoyed commissioning and publishing photographs of his when I was the Design Director of House & Garden, Vanity Fair, and Condé Nast Traveler in the ’80s. Now it’s been 50+ years since I happened to see Robert and Patti crossing the street near their place in Brooklyn. The photographs we shot then are, as are all photographs, documents of a particular moment in time. They have also become documents of a time when two of America’s most important artists were very young, very beautiful, and very ambitious. It amazes me to share those moments from so long ago today.” – Lloyd Ziff, 2019 100 “Strictly Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff, with a “Limited Edition” signed and numbered C-Type print. 500 “Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff. Available now Photos courtesy of Lloyd Ziff and Avenue Communications  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker. HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  FALGUNI SHANE PEACOCK bodysuit, HARDEMAN chaps, BUSTED BRAND gloves, PLANET I sunglasses, and MELODY EHSANI earrings and DALMATA choker. It’s been just over a year since Doja Cat’s “Mooo!” swept the screens of millions across the globe. And unless you’ve been living under a rock, the American singer, rapper and producer begs no further introduction. With that said, in case you have in fact been dwelling beneath stone, then you should know that the future of music is Doja’s for the taking. With her 2018 claim-to-fame music video sitting atop 50M views on YouTube, and her most recent visual release for “Juicy,” featuring Tyga, breaking 20M in two weeks, the musician’s growth is unshakeable, having cemented her place through sweet sonics and visuals that pack a punch. As she so bluntly claims over the phone from her apartment in Los Angeles, “It’s only the beginning. I feel like I really know who I am and what I’m doing with my next project.” The bovine-style music video released last August would eventually flourish into a viral meme. “I didn’t mean for ‘Mooo!’ to get as big as it did,” she admits. “I had more serious music to put out, I’d been working on so much other stuff, but once I put the cow costume on, I had to do it. It was the only way I could get it out of my head,” she explains. Within days of the abrupt upload to YouTube, the video had racked millions of views. The dairy dreamscape was by no means Doja’s introduction to the music industry. In fact, she had been signed to RCA Records since 2014, after the successful release of her debut single, “So High.” From there, she followed up with several tracks, including “Go To Town,” off of her debut studio album in 2018. “Before ‘Mooo!,’ we hadn’t really gotten any viral hits, or had any hits, period. We were doing okay, but things weren’t at their fullest potential. That was the most significant part about ‘Mooo!’ going where it did—it allowed all my other work to have a foundation and have a pull.” Taking a moment to consider the past whirlwind year, she reasons, “Since ‘Mooo!’ blew up, it’s been kind of non-stop. I don’t know if it’s really allowed me to reflect, but I feel like I’ve refined my style and refined who I am. I kind of have to have the spotlight on me.” MATT SARAFA coat and GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses. MATT SARAFA coat, ABODI bodysuit and boots, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and NOÄ earrings. The spotlight she speaks of shines focused and fixed, with no intention of moving elsewhere, but as a consistent subject of such recognition, Doja Cat has experienced two sides to the coin that is internet fame. Since its inception, the Internet has proven an untamable beast, and the environment it has bred has developed twice as feral. Through public domains like Tumblr to TikTok, and YouTube to Twitter, a vast stretch of subcultures and trends have been cultivated. On opposite poles of this digital sphere, there stands viral fame and cancel culture. It’s no secret that the musician has faced multiple controversies regarding comments she’s made online, and it’s even less of a secret that the public is quick to mobilize on social media. After old tweets resurfaced of the artist using derogatory terms towards other rappers, a rallied audience of critics made it its mission to take her down. Admittedly hurt by some of the criticisms, she reasons, “I’m not invincible, I do get hurt by some comments. I’m not superhuman.” Immediately requiting, she follows up with, “But being raised on the Internet gives me the ability to know how to deal with negativity most of the time.” Then, at once in a final stride, she claims of her presence online, “It’s just a small portion of my life.” And just like that, if we’ve learned anything in 2019, it’s that you can’t cancel Doja Cat. HARDEMAN top, thong, and hat, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and DALMATA necklace. Fresh off the release of a new music video with LunchMoney Lewis for “Make That Cake,” while still riding the success of “Juicy,” she’s traveling cross country for performances and appearances on a weekly basis. In the age of virality, such sustainability is impressive. That said, she’s in no way the first artist to have a viral hit catapult their work to an unfamiliar stratosphere of celebrity, and certainly not the last. We’ve seen fellow musical phenoms like Mason Ramsey and Megan Thee Stallion reap the benefits of a trending tweet and hashtag or two. Could it just be that we’re experiencing the dawning of a new age in music? An educated guess would reason, yes. With democratized media-sharing platforms like Spotify and SoundCloud, there’s been an inevitable boom in bedroom pop-stardom. Not only that, but with the increasing irrelevance of labels across younger generations, classification proves less important in not only topics of gender, but music, too. Lines blur across styles nowadays, with artists coloring the outsides more than ever. In attempts to maintain order through categorical standards, we see the term “Alternative” tacked onto the classic genres we’ve come to know. I LOVE PRETTY skirt. I LOVE PRETTY skirt and BUFFALO LONDON shoes. Prompted to describe her forthcoming record, Hot Pink, in three words, she replies with little to no hesitation: “Too. Many. Genres.” Declining a subscription to any one breed of song, the response points to her exploration of sound, a progression of her euphony, and the future of music. “My last record is a lot different from this one because I didn’t understand what it was to be in the studio and in an environment where there’s a bunch of musical equipment,” Doja shares, candidly. “I was young, I was a teenager and I really didn’t know who I was. My character wasn’t really shining the way it does now. I can tell you Hot Pink is one of the best things I’ve done, the best project I will have ever released.” Then, implored to divulge more about the release in detail, she retracts to the previously implemented three-word limit: “Super, duper, mystery.” So while Doja—who won the world over with an onomatopoeia in 2018—makes a favorable case for the future of music today, her own music remains as ambiguous as it does full of promise. Photographed by: Julian Buchan.  Styled by: Katie Qian.  Hair: Frankie Payne using Oribe at Opus Beauty.  Makeup: Jadyn Ngo using Surratt Beauty and Artisbrush.com at The Visionaries. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj Photos by Steven Klein Think metallic, high-end glamour with a neon pink accent. Think barbie doll in outer-space. This iconic FENDI and Nicki Minaj collaboration is the perfect combination of bold yet sophisticated.  Teaming up with Silvia Venturini Fendi, the duo created the next chapter of the FF Series with a line for women’s, men’s and kids: FENDI Prints On. Nicki is known for her body-hugging clothing and most of the line is just that, but she beautifully contrasts it with leisurewear and classy pieces. With the FF logo covering the majority of the print, this line is nothing but eye-catching.  They took staple pieces that everyone needs in their wardrobe and added their own flare to it such as:  tulle dresses, reversible puffer coats, asymmetric body-con dresses, raincoats with leather sleeves, silver tracksuits, bomber jackets with knitted sleeves and metallic windbreakers.  This collection would not be complete without some daring accessories, and that is exactly what they have provided us. They have everything from sequined bags and fanny packs to customized snow boots and wedge trainers. These accessories will take any outfit to the next level.  They went above and beyond and created a collection that embodied Nicki’s personality along with high-end fashion and street style.  The FENDI Prints On capsule collection will be sold in 52 FENDI boutiques worldwide and on fendi.com from October 14th.  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj   Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj                    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   69 shirt, JEAN PAUL KNOTT pants available at Please Do Not Enter, and NIKE shoes.   Brooklyn born and LA based producer and artist, Kingdom, is bringing back is clubby and unique dance music to the industry. With two new EPs, the first one called “EXTERRA, Vol. 1,” on the way and an album coming in 2020, he is back in the realm of dance music, but keeping true to his innovative style.  All the way from the east coast, Kingdom was booked to perform in LA in the early 2000s, which gave him a foot in the door to the west coast’s music scene. From here, he has continued to expand his musical capacity and does not abide by genres or any type of limitation; with experimental taste and a desire to create, he strives to generate music that he loves and that the audience can appreciate/value.  He was kind enough to join me for a phone interview in which I asked many questions, hoping to find out more about him as a person and his career.  I know that Nacho Nava kind of helped bring you to LA, how did he influence you? I was DJing a lot in New York, but he was the first person to put me on a flight and bring me to the west coast to DJ. I think that the influence he really has is that he was putting people on like me who didn’t have any other shows or have a lot of hype or a lot of press or anything like that. He really just believed in the new talent and was always just so generous with that regardless of how well the show did or anything like that. It was really just like he was excited to put people on and it never seemed like it was something he was doing for his own to serve his own interest. It really was something he was doing for the community in LA. Specifically, influential in creating a really special scene on the eastside of LA. I think most people will associate like the gay scene with the west side, West Hollywood scene, which is so specific and there really wasn’t much going on on the eastside maybe a couple bars, but he was the first to create a really vibrant night life scene that involved art and dance and all different kinds of Djs of all different races, but also it wasn’t just a community vibe, it was also like he was bringing really really good music and reall really amazing performers, so it also drew in just from straight people music fans who knew that Mustache would have more edgy stuff, so it wasn’t just creating an alternative it was also just about quality. He had such a good eye for innovative stuff.  FENG CHEN WANG jacket available at Please Do Not Enter and ALLIGATOR JESUS bracelet. What was it like working with Nacho Nava cause I know you guys were working on a Netflix show together. Working with him was always a pleasure. He was always just so sweet so generous and he was just a great figure and really supportive of my label and my parties too. He would always, without me even asking, support a face of mine or event that I was doing that had nothing to do with Mustache. He was always so sweet. More recently, that’s actually kind of why the music video is dedicated to Nacho because basically I met the video director through Nacho. Nacho put us together in a conference call and basically we started talking and they had planned to bring some type of documentary for Netflix about kind of the more alternative more POC side of LA nightlife, specifically gay nightlife and queer nightlife. It was really just in the early stages of talk. We really didn’t get it off the ground, but Shahana, the director, was gonna obviously be on the director’s side and working on the shots and the camera stuff and all that. They wanted me to come in and add music to it, but essentially throw in some different raves and help bring in music so that we could create some events to film because there’s not, sadly there’s not a lot of footage of a lot of the old Mustache parties. They’re relatively undocumented, so that was the idea, but I think when he passed Shahana felt like it didnt’t make sense to pursue it still. It really was Nacho’s project. It was really just a conversation, but even just that concept was inspirational and meeting the director is kind of what spawned us to create the music video together in honor of him.  It seems like Nacho has been really influential to kind of your start here in LA and the music scene, but has he influenced your work at all kind of like maybe the beats you decide to use or the music has he influenced any of it? Since he’s not a musician or DJ himself I wouldn’t say it’s a direct influence on the actual sound. I’d say he’s more of an influence when it comes to throwing parties and bringing people together in the community and just showing people kindness and more of the things I spoke about a moment ago. Just about the social element of music more than the sound exactly, but I know the sound he likes and I think he had an appreciation for the sounds I work with.  MEALS shirt and pants. How does it feel to be in the genre again? It feels really good. I feel like with my last album Tears in the Club I was in a very kind of like atmospheric moody RnB space and ever since that album came out I’ve been doing more vocal production, working with singers, and I worked really hard launching the new singer that signed to Fade to Mind called Semma, so I’ve been really in that zone of creating something for vocalists and when I’m doing that I sometimes put aside exactly the Kingdom sound and I’m trying to create a universe for the singer that gives them a unique identity. It’s just a totally different assignment. It’s a different thing and it’s a different lifestyle too. It’s a lot of hours spent helping singers songwrite and it definitely tested my patience a lot of the time because I’ve spent quite a bit of time with several vocalists making demos for their projects and singers make hundreds of demos to test their project. A lot of time your beat doesn’t get picked or they go in a different direction or sometimes the vocalist is just caught up in other stuff and they don’t even release something. I might have been so in that world, so it was really refreshing to just kind of stop accepting bookings to do vocal sessions and I think it was kind of a reaction to doing all those vocal sessions that made me really want to just get back into my more ravey, clubby, housey references and it’s kind of also where I started. My first release ever, “Mind Reader,” was very kind of hard, weird, dance stuff, so I’m kind of going back and starting from scratch and starting from the beginning again and it just feels really good. I’m just excited to put stuff that’s more high energy and I’m DJing a lot right now, so it’s exciting to just play things that I can blend and just be kind of weird again cause I think working with vocalists it’s a lot more compromises, a lot more catering to them.  Do you have any inspirations for creating music, like are there any other artists that you look towards to or does everything just come from within? There’s definitely artists I look up to. Sometimes I freeze with the question because there’s so many that I have. I would have to say Rod Lee, Terror Danjah, and Darkchild. YOSHIO KUBO jacket and stylist’s own glasses. Would you ever mix different genres together like if you did RnB and dance music? Or is that something that you’ve already ventured into before?   Even though I do make some fully RnB sounding stuff, I kind of think that’s really what I’m known for even though the new stuff is pretty clubby, but I think you can still hear these little shreds of like the vocal stuff, the vocal samples. I think that RnB element is always there. That’s pretty much my mission, either I’m weaving back and forth or I’m weaving them together just kind of RnB sound with the club sound. For the next volume, I’m making another volume of the EXTERRA series and that one’s either gonna have more of the vocal stuff in it and I’m also working on my next album. I’ve got a lot of homework right now. I’m bringing in more vocal stuff as it progresses from my EP to my next album.  In regards to the vocal production, is there anything you look for in an artist when you want them to be on one of your songs? I love weird vocal textures. I just love when someone has a baby voice or has a strange croaky texture or has certain types of node that they like to hit. Just something that sets it apart because there’s so many people that sound so similar. And someone who’s not afraid of intense rhythm cause I think a lot of singers come from the studio wanting a really simple beat or something that sounds like their favorite, you know, Ella Mai song or like H.E.R. song or maybe a Corella song they heard or something, so I think someone who is down to get experimental and doesn’t mind sampling their voice. I’m especially also just addicted to high voices. I love falsetto. I’m known for working with women, which is my favorite working with female vocals. If I’m working with a guy he definitely has to be able to channel his feminine side. I don’t really like to work with men who wanna sing about the macho shit on the mic like I’m way more into men who are singing. you know explore both sides  MEALS jacket and pants. Do you have a certain process of producing or like how do you kind of create your songs? I’ve always been a drummer, so I feel like when I’m on my own making beats I always start with drums and just playing with different drum sounds and I finally, after years of not doing it, started to create my own drum kits and drum packs, so I have my own custom samples that I’m playing around with. When it comes to singers usually they’ll just freestyle over an existing beat. With Sema, the artist I recently signed to my label, she was one of the first people that I really just improvised with and sometimes she would just come in and she would start singing something first, so that’s a totally different process like kind of working in reverse and working from what her voice is doing.  Do you have any stories of the first time you met MikeQ or Ms. Boogie? This new EP I just put out, EXTERRA, Vol. 1, is kind of a throwback to the beginning of my career in many ways. One of them being that I’m returning to dance music and making just like much clubbier, harder material than I’ve made in a long time, but it also actually has two collaborations with artists that I’ve known for I think over a decade. Me and MikeQ and Shane Oliver from Hood by Air were the three Djs who got booked to DJ this artist named Reshaw Newsom. He had a party for one of his art openings. I had actually been a fan of Mike from MySpace and his website for years already and when I finally met him I just completely fanned out and got to play a track. My set was pretty much like MikeQ and Ivana Lore who’s like another ballroom legend. I basically played all super hard underground ballroom voguing music. I don’t think that Mike was expecting that from me necessarily and actually Mike went out on the dance floor and started voguing and he’s not a voguer, he’s a DJ. He rarely ever actually hits the dance floor and vogue. That was back when we Dj’d on CD so that night me and him like traded CDs and he gave me his CDs from his like case logic and I gave him CDs from mine. Ever since then we’ve been in touch and he’s producing music on my label as well, but he’s kind of hard to nail down and get a studio session with, so I’m just really excited to me and him having a track together 10 years later finally. My very first party that I threw on my own in NY was called “Club Vortex” and it was like in the back room of this art space, so it’s not really a venue at all and they didn’t have any security or anything and I think after the first one the word kind of got around cause you know under age kids are always looking for those very few places that they aren’t going to card, so I think word got around that there was this party happening that wasn’t carding and that was super open and fun and a few friends of mine actually showed up with Ms. Boogie at that very first party and me and her hit it off. She kind of got in a little bit of trouble that night. There was kind of like a little bit of a tussle on the dance floor and I think some wigs got pulled, but it was a pretty crazy night and that was before she was even just vocals, so it’s been amazing to see her progress into rapping and making music and I just love what she brings to the track. Saturday Kingdom performs with an Allstar roster including Bae Bae, BrownSkinHazel, Total Freedom and Uniiqu3 get tickets HERE Photographed by Alligator Jesus. Styled by Ally Nikoltchev Produced by: BJ Panda Bear Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. It was a family affair as last night UGG threw a banger to celebrate their now campaign featuring creatives in fashion and music including Slick Woods and son, Paloma and Ama Elsesser, Kim Gordon of Sonic Youth and daughter Coco Gordon Moore, Sasha and Sergio Lane, and Luka and Clark Sabbat. The event was a dazzling event paying homage to the brands California heritage.  The brand drew inspiration from the #UGGLIFE  campaign family-focused narrative highlighting the relationships and the spirit across generations that brings families together along with inspiring and challenging one another DJ’s and eyewear designers Coco & Breezy curated the events soundtrack. Staying on theme with a musical performance by SoCal local indie punk rock duo/brothers The Garden. UGG founded in 1978 by an Australian surfer originated on the coast of California. Renowned for its iconic classic UGG boot boosted by Hollywood celebs, and fashion editors around the world, the brand has extended into apparel and accessories with recent collaborations with the brands like Y/PROJECT and Eckhaus Latta. The evenings launch also featured the new range of buckle boots that also presented an exaggerated sole and a soon to be everywhere thigh grazing boot. After a dinner at the Roosevelt hotel, we caught up with the mama, muse, and all around bad ass Slick Woods to chat about #UGGLIFE.  Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Did you end up going out last night after the dinner at The Roosevelt? I’m a little exhausted but I don’t think I went out, I think went out went on me. How do you feel like UGG has fit into your life as a mother? UGG has been a big part of my life since the last campaign so we have been linking up. Do you feel like having a child has fit into life of the badass fashion creature you’ve always been known for? Yes, of course. I mean getting into motherhood and being an UGG mom has definitely been a big part of my life. You have really empowered the persona of the badass into this new creation, it’s beautiful. Of course, I had to slip into motherhood very unexpectedly. What do you see in the space between comfort and style? Well, comfort and style has always been missed together. I mean my style in very comfortable. Do you think simple comfort can be stylish? Yes, definitely, I am a little bit mixed with Tomb Raider, with a little bit of Kim Possible, and a little bit of, let’s say, Al Pacino. All together – that’s me What is one comfort faux pas you feel can never be chic? Broke shit… I don’t do broke shit. What is one comfort faux pas you feel we need to embrace more? Probably aristocratic shit. Like real rich nigga shit. I wish we did more of that. Yeah do more of that now! Do you see your son as following your footsteps in the modelling world? Hell no. My sons going to be a police officer or a fireman. And I’m gonna let him do that. Your film Goldie got great reviews. Do you see yourself getting more into film? No, the director was trash but my acting was fucking great. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   BUFFALO shoes. Make way for the newest edition to the female power movement, a DJ from Berlin who goes by Martafakka. With a background in Tech House, Funk House, Hip-Hop, RnB, and Afro House, she curates explosive beats that pulsate through the listener’s body causing them to not only feel Martafakka’s energy in her songs, but also having an almost out of body experience. As well, her expertise in mixing different genres creates a new kind of music and allows for a wide range of people to enjoy her work. Beyond her musical genius, she is an avid traveller, inspired learner, and according to her Instagram, is an animal lover as well. Take pleasure in reading the following interview with the creative genius.   BUFFALO shoes. Who would your dream collaboration be with? My favorites would be Dixon, Honey Dijon and Black Coffee What are you currently working on? And how is the process going? My main goal right now is to achieve the knowledge of producing myself. I have my roots in Hip- Hop and RnB and want to learn now more about electronic music especially tech house, funkhouse… I know that you have performed in Berlin, where would you love to perform next? I would love to perform in Ibiza, Amsterdam, London and New York. What is your favorite thing about performing and your fans? The best thing about djing is when you feel that people are getting exactly into your vibe and enjoy the party. What inspires your specific sound? I already traveled a lot in my life and I have been to many clubs where I got a lot of different vibe and music inspiration. What do you want your listeners to feel or take away from your music? The most important thing is LOVE, LOVE, LOVE and of course amazing energy! People should feel good and free while listening to my music. Its all about energy. What does your music creating process look like? I start with collecting my current favourite songs. After that it goes on with the main part; FIND MATCHING SONGS! It is my goal to combine all music genres with each other. There are no boundaries! Its kind of a process of course. Do you have a specific song that means a lot to you? What makes it special to you? It’s “Dirty Diana“ from Michael Jackson since I was a kid. It always hat something mystic about it…Who the f*** is Diana?!  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   REBECCA VALLANCE suit, ANDREA FOHRMAN earrings, and ANNA-KARIN KARLSSON sunglasses. She might not be a household name in America, yet, but Lila Iké has already taken Jamaica’s music scene by storm. Hailing from Manchester, Jamaica, she sharpened her teeth by performing at Jamnesia’s open mic on Saturday nights. The seaside venue (located in Bully Bay, about 20 minutes outside Kingston), has hosted many prominent Jamaican artists including Chronixx, Jah9, NoMaddz, and Protoje. The latter performer, Protoje, happens to be a Grammy nominated artist and his ears perked when he first heard Lila Iké’s music. He signed her as part of his collective, In.Digg.Nation.  Lila’s friendship with Protoje turned out to be the turn her music career needed. The signing thrusted her into the spotlight, where she’s performed alongside him at Jamaica’s Reggae Sumfest (basically it’s the Coachella for the country) with 30,000 heads in attendance then making her NYC debut at BRIC’s Celebrate Brooklyn! Concert. In 2017, Lila dropped her first official track, titled “Biggest Fan.” She wrote the song for her mother, whom she dubbed her “biggest fan.” The song’s release opened the floodgates for her solo career, with several other songs following suit. Earlier this summer, she performed on Protoje’s song “Not Another Word,” which acted as the biggest track she’s been apart of. After premiering on Rolling Stone, “Not Another Word” has graced Spotify playlists “Dancehall Queen,” and “Dancehall Official.”  While Lila Iké might hold the Reggae universe in the palm of her had, she’s not interested in classifying herself as a Reggae artist. She believes her music is more universal than to label inside a single genre. Flaunt spoke with the rising artist about her humble beginnings, treasured inspirations, and the meaning behind the words Lila Iké.  MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit and JIMMY CHOO shoes. I always like to know what influences an artist when they are writing and recording their songs. Who would you say are your musical influences? My favorite singer of all time is Garnett Silk. I love Toni Braxton, I really love Lauren Hill. All great artists in different genres and different types of music. But my all-time favorite is Garnett Silk. Why would they inspire you? Garnett Silk is my all-time favorite because of what he did for the music I don’t think anybody else did it. I feel like his voice, his style, he had a spiritual thing with his voice. Also, the fact that he didn’t get much time to do what I really think he wanted to do. Very powerful and very spiritual. How he was cut down so early almost makes me take up the responsibility, just make sure my music is on that level.  What’s your intention when performing your music? What are you trying to give your listeners with your talents? When I’m performing, I’m basically giving everything. With certain performers, You can identify with what they are saying. , You can see certain movements in their body, you can feel in your presence that music isn’t something they are doing to make some money. So when I’m performing I’m doing what I’m supposed to do, which is give it all Every artist has a different creative process when writing and recording music. What does your look like?  I search for inspiration, I don’t necessarily like writing with a pen and paper. When going through my everyday life, if a thought comes to me, i’ll whip out my phone and record it. Somethings I don’t record all my inspirations, but it comes upon you and for some people, it comes through like mediation or dancing or going different places. For me it’s all of the above. I like having conversations about different things. like learning as much as I can. I like listening to music, going to jam sessions.  ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER coat and boots, HALPERN turtleneck, and MISHO earrings. You’ve released four singles so far. What’s next? Is there an album or an EP on the way? Naturally, but I can’t say when. I am definitely working on new music.  We will keep our ears open! There’s a lot of musical genres, what inspired you to chose reggae? Is there a connection to the genre which drew you to it?  Personally, I don’t really associate myself with any particular genre, I feel like its a conscious thing. Like a work of poetry. I grew up in Jamaica, where there is lots of reggae. But I love reggae, it’s my favorite genre. I love spoken music, jazz, country music, reggaeton. But for me, reggae music is a part of me.  Are you still based in Jamaica? Yes. Rolling Stone premiered “Not Another World,” which features you working with Protoje and Agent Sasco. Are there any more collaborations coming up which you can tell us about? I recently did a song produced by Izzy which was released on the same day, so I haven’t been pushing it that much. That’s the most recent collaboration I’ve worked on but I’m interested in working with a lot of artists. I’d love to do a song with Chronixx and Koffee. These are things I have in my head that hopefully work out.  You recently performed at LA’s Delicious Pizza for their block party. Are there any more US shows coming up on your itinerary? Not right this minute, the next time I’m in America for a show is in Washington. My friend wants to come perform at his venue. Me, Sevana, a new artist called Jaz Elise, and another artist named Apollo. We are apart of their acoustic presentation. That’s the only thing I’m certain about. October 14th. Where did the name Lila Iké come from? What does it mean to you?  Lila, biblically was coined from my original name Alecia Grey. When I was born people would always shorten my name. They’d call me Leekee or Leelee. Once somebody called me Lila and I was very drawn to that name because I felt like a “Lila”. I made a Facebook account and used it as my Facebook name, it was “Lila Music.” And people started calling me Lila. Before I know it, everybody actually thinks my name is Lila.  Iké, I got that name from a friend of mine I met when I moved to Kingston. This guy had a Nigerian background. He grew up in Africa and said Iké is short for Ikechukwu, he told me that it meant “God is powerful” I grew up in a Christian home, my mom always went to church and believing in a higher being was always a crucial part of our everyday life. And I personally believe that there is something more beautiful and powerful than all of us here on Earth.  I wanted to appropriate this energy, which is the purest form of my music. That’s where Lila Iké came from.  It was great talking to you, is there anything you would like to add? I want people to know that it’s okay for them to be themselves, and they should go for whatever they want if they feel it in their hearts. If it brings them joy.   MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit. Photographed by Nolwen Cifuentes. Styled by Mui-Hai Chu. Hair: Darren Hau using Oribe at Opus Beauty. Makeup: Mylah Morales  at Exclusive Artists.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Autumn Hrubý is the founder of knitwear enthusiast and journal, Hesperios. The carefully crafted, sustainable collections express Hrubý’s philosophy of “quality over quantity,” with garments meant to last a lifetime. An extension of the brand is it’s dedication to classic and contemporary art, literature, and travel, which reveals itself in a biannual anthology— distributed internationally through art-and-design book stores, galleries, newsstands, and museums. This month, Hesperios released it’s third edition of the ongoing journal series, marking the celebration of both established and emerging creatives. From artists to chefs to filmmakers and poets, No.3 is packed with visual references, intellectual nuances, and personal anecdotes that will galvanize any and every reader. Flaunt spoke with Hrubý post-Journal No.3 launch to chat all things Hesperios. HESPERIOS founder, Autumn Hrubý. What’s the story behind the name of your line and literary journal, Hesperios, meaning “the evening star”?  My friend Evan Dando started calling me Hess as a nickname, short for Hesperios. At the time, Glenn O’ Brien and I were brainstorming potential names for my company to be. It was a long process, and he had several amusing options, but when I heard Hesperios, everything just clicked.   Of all the interviews in this issue, who surprised you most, and why?  Miranda Brooks interview. I loved discovering that she meditates with her client before each project to bless the land and ask the spirits for help.  “In Japan there is a standard practice to have a land blessing with the client and architect before any construction begins, to make peace with who has been there before, and to suggest where the spirits can safely wait until construction ends. Once construction is complete, they are invited back to bring love and a sense of being to what was created.”  Visually, how has literature and the art world influenced your designs?  Art and literature have influenced our brand in every possible way. I knew I wanted to make the perfect sweater and cardigan with reoccurring artist collaborations and less common color palettes. And of course, we publish art and literary books, which is at the heart of what we do. This has always been the idea behind Hesperios. Sometimes working with an artist on a particular cardigan will influence the range of colors for the collection, but I usually have a well-defined palette from the very beginning. I often have Maria Sibylla Merian’s books around for reference.   As fashion is the second most polluting industry in the world, how does your brand support sustainable practices? I’m glad you asked. This is a long answer, but it is the most important question I am asked. Hesperios has been called a “sustainable brand,” and I’m not sure what that means or if any brand can be truly “sustainable,” but we are trying, every day. I have set very high standards in the way I’d like to run everything. We are a small team, but we all care and want to do things differently and thoughtfully rather than arbitrarily pushing out more product. I think we’ve had a head start as a new company forming good habits in the early stages, rather than having to unravel detrimental ones later on. Even so, it’s a constant process which requires a tremendous amount of time to research alternative materials and more efficient methods of production.  It was always my intention to create a well-made, high-quality product that would last forever and age well. Our collection began with a sweater; designed as something you can keep as an heirloom— quality over quantity. We produce two seasons a year, with limited releases in between, all of which are produced in low quantities, so we aren’t sitting on excessive inventory.   We also recycle our inventory in a way that I’m proud of. In our last three collections, we selected a few styles from our inventory, like our Gayle or Lou knit tank, and combined them with pleating to create our signature Paloma and Lola dresses. Our collection also consists of a core library of year-round knits, which means we can keep these on our website longer because they technically don’t fall out of style. If we have inventory in a color that hasn’t sold as well, we dye it sustainably. Timeless and well-made products retain their value.  All of our wovens are produced locally in New York City. This reduces the waste of packaging and shipping materials. We try to use as much deadstock, antique, and recycled materials as possible. We will never produce leather, and we’ve kept our material options to a minimum. I don’t plan on using cashmere or wool. We plan to use 100% organic cotton by next year, and we’re also in the planning phase of bringing our knit production in-house, so we are in control of all phases of production.   I wish building a company was just about telling stories and making beautiful things, but this is such a small fraction of what is required. There can be a myriad of factors and variables which influence every decision and sometimes can be overwhelming. But we approach everything with thoughtfulness and integrity in mind.  I’ve been a vegetarian for 18 years, and I’ve always been conscious of my environment. When I was 20, I lived on a permaculture and biodynamic farm in San Miguel de Allende, and when I moved back to the states, I viewed our resources differently. I think this experience has informed my life decisions going forward, and I’m constantly reminded of those lessons. I recently sat through the Earthlings documentary and was completely shaken. It takes you through all the industries that rely on animals and how corrupt so many industries are. After watching this, I wanted to begin taking steps to become vegan. I also became overwhelmed with all the lifestyle choices associated with this decision and that if I became vegan, I would want the brand to be as well. Suddenly, becoming vegan was harder than anything I’ve ever thought about doing, especially regarding fashion. Right now, I am gathering the facts so that it isn’t an overwhelming transition. Leather is everywhere. There is no reason when there are plenty of alternative materials to use for a handbag or a shoe. But then, you also have to be knowledgeable about how those materials are made and the waste or toxic threats they could be creating.   Patagonia has been a big inspiration for my colleagues and me. My best friend, Miye McCullough, is our Director of Operations, and she has a background in Conservation, so we are always talking about sustainability. She recommended a book called The Responsible Company by Vincent Stanley and Yvon Chouinard. It has been my ongoing resource for information. I recommend this book to everyone, both personally and professionally. You can learn from their past mistakes as a company, how transparent they are, and what they did to learn and improve not only their production but practices on a global scale. The bottom line is that it takes a community effort to create change. The book is also a reminder that while mistakes are inevitable, what counts is how we solve each problem.  Everyone on our team has a genuine interest in sustainability. We enjoy the research process equally as much as the creative one. I’ve been a member of an innovative design library ever since we started, which gives architects and designers access to sustainable, biodegradable, recyclable, certified organic materials around the world. They have an actual library you can walk through and scan swatch cards; giving you instant access to suppliers who produce bio-leather from pineapple juice.   I don’t want to turn a blind eye to our ecological crisis. If I’m made aware of something that isn’t right, I will go to great lengths to try and correct it and make it better. But I have to remind myself that it cannot happen overnight.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 Drop 1 launching today, October 8th, Zara aims to release their variations on the here to stay khaki and uniform stylized core pieces. For decades in DIY culture, core basics have been used as representation and a source of visual language to identify rebellion and counterculture. These two characteristics are still used as the main sources of inspiration to highlight individual style and remain part of being unbranded in a capitalistic society. As well as being inspired by figures involved in the arts, musicians, actors, artists, and so forth. Zara is taking classic clothing archetypes with this new SRPLS CHPTR 03 line, consisting of outerwear, shirts, pants, and accessories, remixing them with new proportions, cuts, and sews every release to give a new meaning. This will be the 3rd instalment of Zara’s bi-annual SRPLS collection, showcasing men and women collections as in the past, but for the first time a kid’s line will be available. The collection speaks on the military influenced clothes that have become part of the world’s wardrobe vernacular for the past 60 years in popular culture. Made from premium materials, in limited edition with three releases each season. The collection will be available online and in select stores across the US, Spain, Germany, UK, France, Italy, Poland, Japan and China. Photos courtesy of ZARA Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Gucci has begun accepting applications for the North American Changemakers program, which includes its $1.5 million Scholarship Program and its $5 million Impact Fund for nonprofit organizations, and they have brought a collaboration with DRØME Creative Director Satchel Lee to announce it. The grant and scholarship open call announcement invites young people and nonprofits to apply to be Gucci Changemakers.  Earlier this year, Gucci announced its North American Changemakers Program, working in alignment with the company’s vision for garnering a greater social impact and pushing diversity and equity forward within the fashion industry. The film announcing the open call for applications was narrated by Changemakers Council Co-Chair, Poet, and Author Cleo Wade, and allowed for young people to share their own stories. Wade stated, “Change does not happen in theory, it happens in community. We are bringing the Gucci Changemakers initiative to life by bringing not only funds, but also time, energy, and care to communities that have been historically and systemically under resourced and overlooked for too long.” Both of the programs aim to do exactly that. They give to and prioritize historically underrepresented and marginalized communities in order to allow for the advancement of the youth and nonprofit organizations hoping to create broader change, starting within their own communities.  Learn more on applications and eligibility at www.changemakersus.gucci.com. Photos and video courtesy of Gucci Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   GUCCI jacket, pants, and shoes.  BEN SHERMAN top and pants, BRUNO MAGLI boots. The singer-songwriter and actor Chord Overstreet surprised a lot of his fans when, in 2015, he left behind his acting days on Glee to pursue a career in music. The son of Grammy-award-winning country music singer-songwriter Paul Overstreet, Chord had grown up surrounded by music, which he quickly developed an affinity for. Once he formed his own band, Overstreet, the singer was already opening for Demi Lovato and Nick Jonas on their Future Now Tour. After releasing some well-received tracks, the band came along with their first EP earlier this year Man on the Moon, Overstreet is back with the new track “My Ex.“ Flaunt sat down with Chord Overstreet and discussed his relationship with music, songwriting, and his newest single “My Ex”. I wanted to ask you a little bit about your upbringing. You were brought up by a Grammy award-winning father, you have a music-related name—it’s almost as if it was predetermined that you would be involved with music. It was probably my dad’s way of nudging me out the door with a guitar in my hand. I was the third one born into my family, and there’s three notes in a chord, so my dad and mom had names like that for everybody. My sister’s name is Harmony, like a four-part harmony, and a brother named Nash for Nashville, so everyone’s got a wacky name.  How would you say your relationship with music has evolved throughout your childhood up until today?  My relationship with music started out when I was really young and my dad introduced me to Elvis, the Beatles, and James Taylor. The stuff that I responded to was the lyrical content—songs with a story that helped you stepping out of reality, just being in your head and going wherever the music takes you. Lyrics first for me is where I always go, such as James Taylor and Bob Dylan, guys who were really able to paint a world.  Branching out into your own musical career—did you always want to do that, or was it a more recent decision after Glee?  I always did it just because I grew up around it. When I first moved out to LA, I was trying to get the acting thing going, and I had my guitar—it was always there. I never thought about it too much, I just always did it. I would be writing and I would be playing. Everything I got involved in and it worked always coincidentally had music involved, it kept chasing after me. I also always had the desire to do what my dad was doing. When I was probably 17 and playing football—I wanted to play pro football—I got a knee injury and was on Oxycontin on the couch. I was playing video games and my dad was like “Turn that damn game off and write a song!” So I picked up the guitar and couldn’t put it down.   That’s amazing. It’s good that it stuck, because I remember my parents forcing me to learn the piano at a young age, and I would get so bored by it. But then, the love for music sticks with you. It’s interesting because, when you’re a kid and taking music lessons, you don’t necessarily have the drive and determination —although some people do—to push that as a kid and develop those skills. Thank God that parents make kids take lessons because when you’re older, it’s there. I’m really thankful for my mom driving me to guitar lessons. It’s about having the foresight to see that it would be useful someday. Of course, I saw my dad do it, and he obviously taught me a lot about songwriting. My dad said something interesting to me. He had a rough childhood—he came from a broken home—and yet was always very positive in his songwriting, his message was really uplifting. Somebody asked him where his inspiration comes from when he’s writing, and he responded that he always wrote about how he wished his life was, not how it actually was, how he wanted it to be. I thought that was really cool, to be able to twist anything and make a positive message out of it. I’ve learned a lot from him out of my 30 years of studying him. I was really blessed that he put great music in front of me for me to learn from versus some of the stuff that’s pretty bad [laughs].  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. From all of these influences, how is it that you came to the sound you have now? I have a lot of modern influences even just in production, with the sound and current alternative stuff. Finding your niche within that, going back and taking some older retro production vibes and going in some of that—I would say it came from a lot of trial and error, honestly, just throwing a bunch of things at the wall. I was frustrated with not having a sound, so I went back and listened to a lot of Beach Boys stuff, as well as diving into deep tracks of music, while always wanting to make stuff that lasts for a long time. You find inspiration from the best.   You’re getting what inspiration you can from different artists and injecting it into your own style. Exactly. It’s like I really liked the way they presented that sound, how they had fifty different voices way back then, and just finding your own voice within that. A lot of the stuff I love listening to is just stuff that I want to drive to. Then I did a bunch of tours with just me and an acoustic, that singer-songwriter stuff. That’s a different side of me that is there, but after a while you just want to put on a rock show, you want to have fun, you want to express yourself and do crazy shit and not give a fuck about anybody.  GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and talents own ring. That’s actually what I wanted to ask you about next, about your shift from performing solo to having a band. It makes sense that you did it like your father before with the singer-songwriter aspect, and then you wanted to branch out.  That side of it for me is about expressing your emotions. You’ll to be up there, you’re vulnerable, and pouring your soul out. The band stuff and the energy—the crowd has so much to do with it. It’s such a release to be able to express yourself, and be that big, and be that loud, and to do whatever the fuck you wanna do. There’s such a rush in that, and when you go on and perform, you just black out—from the time it starts to the time it ends. Then all of a sudden I’m going, “Wait, is it over? Did that just happen?” It’s almost like its own drug, which you can get out of the singer-songwriter stuff, but that’s a little more therapeutic, and reliving some dark, heavier stuff.  You also have this support network of the rest of your band with you on stage.  Yeah. It’s fun to be able to make music with your friends, to shake out all of your anxiety, and nerves. I’m not a great dancer, so on stage I can just do the weirdest, craziest, stupidest stuff, and not give a fuck. That’s one of the things I like. That’s the only time you’re gonna see me blow off steam. It’s almost like you turn into a different person, which I love. That has a very similar connection with me that acting does. When acting, you get to disappear for a second. GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and KSWISS shoes. I really like that, because there’s also this other side of performing that’s filled with nerves, and you’re always worried about what people will think. But when it’s right for you, you just melt into it.  Once you say, “Fuck it,” and jump off…The first time I started doing live stuff with a band, I was learning my body, and how I move, and how I do things. But then, once you rip the band aid off and learn to not give a shit, to just have fun and move around like nobody’s watching…that’s the best. Once you can take that jump, it’s fun.  Great. I’m wondering, what artists today would you like to collaborate with if you had the opportunity? I would love to collaborate with Sting or, I listened to a lot of Aerosmith growing up they were probably one of my favorite bands. I don’t know what that would sound like, but probably more so the legends. Just to be able to say I did it and pick their brain. To get into their headspace and see what their creative process is like. Yeah, I’d ask a lot of questions like, “Hey, when you wrote ‘Dude (Looks Like a Lady),’ what was the story behind that? I’d probably be the most annoying person sitting next to them, because I would be asking them so many questions. I find that the process of songwriting is so different for everybody that “What inspired this, what inspired this, what inspired this” might open your eyes to all the things around you that you wouldn’t normally pay attention to.  BEN SHERMAN t-shirt, KENZO pants, and BALLY shoes. Going off of that, I want to ask you a similar question about your upcoming single “My Ex.” The songs on your Man on the Moon EP have a lot to do with past relationships and the effect they had on you. How does this single play off that? What inspired this direction that you’re going in? I wrote this song the next day after running into one of my exes. I ran into her at the bar and she was with one of her friends, and I used to hang out with both of them when we were together. I run into this person all the time, and I ran into her, and every time I run into her she’s with her boyfriend. It’s a little odd, because he’s just a little bit odd about it. We’re cool though, I love her to death she’s super sweet. She started flirting with me a little bit, talking and drinking. To make a long story short, we hung out and afterwards I felt like she was making a move on me—not that I would’ve done anything. Then her boyfriend showed up and the whole vibe completely changed. I found all of this really interesting, so the next day when I went into the studio to write, I started working on the track with my buddy, and in thirty minutes I had the song written. The thing I thought was interesting was, what if I actually did go home with my ex-girlfriend and she left her current boyfriend? I just thought that would’ve been an interesting hypothetical situation, because once you had that relationship with somebody, there’s always something that’s underneath a little bit. You’re always wondering “What if it turned out differently?  When you’re young, relationships end for reasons that when you’re older I’m sure they never would. There’s probably a reason and a good reason it did end. I self-examine a lot of my dating life. It’s an easy thing for me to really look at that while I’m writing.  That’s a positive thing—self-examination, looking at how everything went down and how you can change for the future—it’s a very good thing. It’s very much like therapy.  Like self-therapy almost.  It is difficult to analyze yourself without you running through your own protective filter. When something happens in a relationship, people see it from a slanted view where they end up not being as harsh on themselves as they are on the person they’re breaking up with. Being that way with yourself can be tough.  KENZO jacket and pants. Very true. My final question is, you know how people usually get an impression of an artist whenever they listen to their album or a single. I’m wondering, with the debut album you’re releasing next year, is there a specific impression you want people to get of you, whether as a person or as a musician? That’s a good question. My goal for this next batch of songs is—everybody relates to love, loss, things changing. They might not relate to the exact story, but everybody has felt that way, everyone has had that emotion. Being able to really put out emotions that are relatable, that hard stuff that you don’t really want to talk about, or being able to share the good feelings. It’s about being able to emote and give people something they can relate to.  They end up feeling an emotional connection to it. They have a connection to the music. Even if it is specific to my story. That’s probably the main goal.  That’s probably the main unifier between people and music—the ability to connect with an emotion or lyric, anything about it—it’s great.  It could just be a lyric, it could be something that makes you say “I felt that way.” Even Drake with “Why you gotta fight with me at Cheesecake Factory/ You know I love to go there.” That’s funny, and it’s real. I think it’s genius how specific that is, because you can’t make that shit up.  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. It’s specific enough that you can imagine being in a similar situation. Everybody has got into a fight with somebody at a place like that. Cheesecake Factory is just—I think that’s hilarious. Drake does that better than anyone. Great. That’s it on my part, is there anything you wanted to talk about that we haven’t touched on? We talked about the sound, the inspiration…The one thing I also wanted to talk about…just the…I guess we talked about it. Letting people in and getting a good look at who I actually am and what goes on behind the curtains, what grinds my gears I guess. Especially with this new project you’re doing, it’s a new path, and for people to see that and get their impression of you, it’s really important. It’s new for me, but it’s also thirty years of  my experience in self-discovery, and giving people a look into the reality of where I’ve been and where I’ve come from, that’s really important. That’s great. We very much look forward to your new material.  Yeah, I’m constantly writing, so hopefully I’ll get a bunch of new stuff out there.  Photographed by Jonny Marlow at Early Morning Riot. Styled by Brendon Alexander. Grooming: Avian King using Davines at The Rex Agency. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   A woman with a past containing hardships to a future where she can clearly see what she wants, Diana Gordon is back with her new single, “Becoming” which is all about celebrating hard work, being in control, and having her family by her side. She is a multi talented woman who sings, song writes, produces, and is a visual artist. Diana is not afraid to be herself and through her voice and singing, she has been able to have an emotional outlet. Her music is a mix of rhythmic drums, alternative rock, and dark folk, which create a melodic base for her powerful and captivating voice.  Diana has won Grammys in the past for her songwriting and producing work with many prominent artists, including Mark Ronson, Dua Lipa (“Electricity”), Beyonce ("Sorry", "Daddy Lessons", "Don't Hurt Yourself'), and more.  Her 2018 EP Pure was described by Pitchfork as being, “marked by her striking voice and emotional candor.” Diana has an album set to come out next year and will follow the tone of her new single “Becoming.”   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The high desert has remained as popular as it was 40 years ago to getaway to, when your dad was planning a Joshua Tree trip with his buddies and forgot to pack the trail mix, as well as the good suede boston birkenstock’s.  HWY 62 ART TOURS is becoming one of the fastest growing attractions taking place over 3 weekends in October, featuring 150 artists opening their studios to showcase artwork.  Part of the fun derrives from its self-driven aspect, furtherly explained by Art Tours Director, Bill Green: “The best thing about the Art Tours is that you never know what you’ll discover. With over 30 different categories of art, you might see a tile house followed by an abstract painter followed by a sculptor. You get to choose what you want based on your interest. There are so many different artists here with unique studio spaces that you can’t possibly see them all. It’s a big reason why we went to three weekends this year.” This special desert art tour taking place under the stars will take place this month in October over the spand of 3 weeks.  Weekend Oct. 5th & 6th, the 11th & 12th, and lastly the 18th & 19th. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Photo courtesy Nike. This is what we have been waiting for. In Los Angeles, Nike is coming out with limited-edition Air Max 270 React sneakers and fleece hoodies. Not only are they limited-edition, they are specially-designed by three talented L.A. artists: Sage Adams, Jheyda McGarrell, and Gabrielle Richardson. Each artist used their stories to create a this new collection of sneakers and hoodies, incorporating their unique style and flare. Flaunt was fortunate enough to get to chat with the women, see below.  SAGE ADAMS: The NY Transplant “Designed by artist and curator Sage Adams, this Air Max 270 React is a reinvention of the classic white shoe that Adams saw in her childhood. The shoe comes outfitted with a pizza slice charm to nod to the classic comfort from her home-state, a reminder to pay tribute to your roots.” What inspired you to pursue art? For me the lack of representation of marginalized people as popular visual artists really spoke to a gap I wanted to fill. We needed more than Basquiat, we needed to know Carrie Mae Weems, Kara Walker, Henry Taylor! I needed to see more of a spectrum of the stories being told and mediums used.  Do you feel that art has opened up new possibilities for expression for you?  Art In many ways has taken over how I see the world. Before I started breaking things down into shape rather than how they ‘actually look’ was the moment I began to feel like an artist. It’s opened my mind to an array of possibilities otherwise deemed impossible. I didn’t even think I could draw as a kid. What is the process you go through when curating an exhibition? Do you have a specific message in mind? For me it’s getting to know the artist and what made them make the thing and then it’s how do these things come together to tell the story.  What connects the works, what makes them different from other pieces in archive? What medium? What does the architecture of the actual gallery space look like? Creating an authentic representation of an idea or ethos is one of the hardest and most rewarding things there is.   JHEYDA MCGARRELL: The Homegrown Angeleno “L.A. native artist Jheyda McGarrell’s take on the Air Max 270 React is influenced by her Black and Mexican upbringing. Pops of red pay homage to rose bushes grown in the front yard of her childhood home, while gold accents represent the evolving idea of opulence for Black and Brown communities. Topped off with a cherub charm, a reminder to honor traditions and use the lessons of the past to keep it moving forward.” Questions for Jhyeda Mcgarrell: How does your heritage, as an Angeleno of both Black and Mexican decent, reflect onto your artwork? My heritage is reflected in all of my work due to the heavy impact of it in my formation. The contention of growing up experiencing all these different aspects of culture and tradition is an experience many without their stories ever been told. This specific project in my mind has worked to piece together the different aspects of the different culture backgrounds, that our two cultures share. This shoe to me bridges the created tension of an American landscape. It shows the ways we are one and the ways people like me live between these different ideologies and physical spaces. It bridges the weird black kid in the white neighborhood to the dark skinned mixed Mexican kid growing up with Tias smoothing down their curls and gives us space to just be all our different facets without contention.  What was the most rewarding and challenging part of this process? The most rewarding part in this has been seeing the smile on my mom’s face when I told her I was working on a collaboration with Nike. The most challenging but also rewarding part has been working with an entire crew of people to execute an idea which is still relatively new to me. It’s so beautiful to see all these brilliant, different minds working to make something I once imagined.  What do you hope people feel when they wear your shoes/hoodie? Confidence? Individuality?  I hope when they wear the apparel they feel like they are truly reflecting their highest self. I hope they feel comfortable and free. I hope they feel every good emotion that has been out into the making and the lifestyle behind the creation. I hope they feel loved because I know I do from them.  What qualities do you see in yourself that you know you got from your family? Pretty much everything. My family is completely made up of immigrants and all of the qualities I’ve gained from their strength and preservation in a country against them is appreciated. I have learned love and a desire to improve our lives and the lives around us and to honor heritage. I have learned even the qualities they might oppose in me. I have learned to always crave freedom and to always have a strong sense of self among so many other things.  It is so amazing that you get to work with Nike to be a source of inspiration for many people. What has inspired you, and in return, what do you want your work to inspire in others?  Thank you! It is literally such an honor. I’ve been inspired by everyone around me embodying the phrase “existence is resistance”. I’ve been inspired by the black, the brown, the indigenous, the queer, the trans, the fat, the disabled, the people who make up the qualities most worth embodying, utter freedom of expression and true strength. I hope my work inspires people to follow myself and others in moving forward towards freeing themselves and seeing the value in their everyday life, even when it’s boring, even if you hate yourself, like I did once and still do sometimes, I hope they know they are important.  GABRIELLE RICHARDSON: The Passionate Traveler “Neon meets pastel in a technicolor dream in the Air Max 270 React designed by model and multimedia artist Gabrielle Richardson. The colorway exhibits the dichotomy of the modern-day jetsetter — neon being those moments of movement, and pastels representing the comforts of home. Embellished with a ‘Real’ charm, an encouragement to make creative dreams a reality without letting others restrict your point of view.” Questions for Gabby Richardson: Which place that you’ve travelled to been the most influential, or just your favorite and why? I think the most influential place I’ve ever been is in Cape Town, South Africa. It was beautiful to be in a majority black country, but still felt a sense of disillusion being in a country with such an intense racial caste system. I felt so lucky to be in Africa, a continent that felt so connected to my identity but where I had never been. I met so many young talented South African artists in Cape Town who shared their art with me, and it reinforced my drive to do better to create and facilitate spaces for young black kids globally. What do you want people to feel or think when wearing your design? I want people to feel validated, I want to give people hope. I want people to know, in our constant shared state of anxiety that we live in that there is a silver lining. I used the neon colors because they’re utilitarian colors used often in industrial and emergency settings, I offset the abrasive colors with pastels to give it a sense of softness, and a sheer window so people can show off their personality. I think the real chain is self-explanatory, what you do, whatever you want to do, that shits real, that shits valid, don’t let anyone limit you and tell you that your aspirations are fake. What does it mean for you to be a part of Nike’s limited edition collection? It feels crazy! I As a child I never thought it was a possibility for me to work in the creative world and even more of a ludicrous fantasy to be able to have my own shoe. I think it’s a testament that any dream you have can be built. This journey with Nike has been a really formative experience for me as artist, I have never been so affirmed in my artistry. I was able to direct so many aspects of the campaign from the casting, color ways, and insert in the shoe. Being believed in is a magic that I want to pass on. Everything can be real!! What does travel mean to you? Through my time traveling I’ve realized that I learn mostly through experience. Through meeting people and exchanging stories of each other’s lives, I not only gain an objective knowledge but also broaden my emotional intelligence. A willingness to learn doesn't have to only connote traditional practices of learning, an education can be childlike and involves a lot of falling and getting back up. Traveling allows to see me to see the world for the first time always, everything and anything can fill me with wonder.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    WILDFOX clothing.  WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, JF LONDON shoes, ASOS belt, and KRYSIA RENAI necklace.  WILDFOX clothing and DALMATA necklace and ring.  WILDFOX clothing, B JAMES bag, WOLF CIRCUS necklace, and FARRADAS KNITS clips.  WILDFOX t-shirt and CLYDE hat  WILDFOX clothing, ASOS headband, IMAGO-A belt, and MALONE SOULIERS shoes.  WILDFOX clothing and MISCREANTS gloves.   Left to right: WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, VIA SPIGA shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. WILDFOX sunglasses, MALONE SOULIERS shoes, FARRADAS KNITSearrings, I.O. COLLECTIVE ring, and NORA KOGAN ring.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings.  WILDFOX clothing, TIBI belt, LADY GREY earrings, and MARY MACGILL necklace.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. In a city more rife with wantrepreneurs than we care to truly consider, there are origin stories aplenty. Divided this in two, split that up, and presto! Success! Took the family business and scaled it. Had an invention idea come in a dream and now we're shipping ten thousand units. Was in the right place at the right time. Knew a guy who knew a guy and the rest is history. Often rather boring stories. But how often do you hear of success stories that originate in the club? Business is done in clubs, business is celebrated in clubs, but rarely do you witness material success be birthed in the club. Enter saxophonist and entrepreneur Jimmy Sommers, CEO of Wildfox and 100% owner of the lifestyle brand known for its sun-soaked, sexy California attitude. In addition to being Wildfox CEO, Jimmy Sommers is a partner in top shelf tequila, Perfectomundo, with multi-Grammy winning DJ and producer, Paul Oakenfold, and owns a boutique line of beautifully hand-forged eyewear, very appropriately named Sommers.  Wildfox was birthed over a decade ago. While throwing must-attend parties all over the world, and made in LA units flying fast, the company navigated the economic recession and explosion of e-commerce with a big smile on its face. The birth of influencer marketing across Instagram, however, and a glut of fast, cheap fashion brands, have created challenges in recent seasons, and Sommers is continually seeking ways in which to stay true to how his brand was built and scaled, while integrating a modern sensibility for how fashion is currently consumed. Sommers took time on the deck of his Modern home in the Hollywood Hills, to speak on the changes he's witnessed in the apparel industry, as well as Los Angeles, as well as his only-in-Hollywood story of rising to musical prominence, and in so doing, creating a platform for himself with which to meet the world and explore other ventures. In support is a Wildfox Fall '19 editorial, photographed on the azure hills of Malibu late this summer by frequent Flaunt photographer, Shane McCauley. You found your footing in Hollywood with an exceptional saxophone talent right?  Exactly, being good at something was my way in. The saxophone was my in to Hollywood, in to different events, meeting people. It was a tool. I used the sax as a tool. In college I got a scholarship for it. Then I got to take a crack at LA because I had a reason: to become a professional saxophone player. I was very fortunate to have parents that are supportive and together still, which is rare. They’re my backbone.   And what sort of evolutions have you observed in the music industry over time? The music industry is… well, it’s funny because when I came out here there was something called smooth jazz, and there were jazz and smooth jazz stations. I grew up listening to David Sanborn and Marcus Miller and their style was my key influence. I had gigs all the time. But that’s changed and so has my music career. I used to go on tour all the time. So, the radio stations changed their formats and then comes Hip-Hop. When I was out here recording, it was Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg and Tupac and that era, which was cool shit—it still is cool—but now it’s a whole new and different thing.  You actually mentioned you recorded with all manner of artists at the time, like Tupac himself? Well it just happened that Dr. Dre and Tupac’s engineer lived in my house on Sunset. That’s how it came to be. All of the sudden I was exposed to this music, so then I was playing with them… What’s interesting is that when I was out here, I played saxophone at the China Club, and the China Club is where all the musicians came. I played with Prince, I played with the Kal David band. Rick James came to play. I was immersed with all these great musicians. And what was the sort of lightning bolt moment that deepened your involvement? I was a guest at a part of John Paul DeJoria’s house, the guy that started Paul Mitchell. I was at the bar drinking Patrón with Rod Stewart, who I had just met. We got to laughing and I said, “Rod, let’s go play with the band. I’ve got my sax in the car.” I went to get out my sax and next thing we’re on stage with the band. And that’s where JP was like, ‘Wow, you’re great.’ I didn’t have a record deal at the time, but he was like, ‘How can I help you? Come to my office.’ So inspiring. So I end up playing his gatherings where ten thousand people come, all his hairdressers. He puts a package together, about a hundred and fifty thousand CDs, and distributes them at the salons, which was a catapult to me getting a record deal. It was outside the box, and that really helped me stand out from the rest. That’s what he does. He builds people up. All of the sudden, when my record was done, all of the record labels wanted some. That’s when I ended up getting into the record business with Universal. They pushed me because JP believed in me. And what a vision. He actually started Patrón Tequila 29 years ago, sold it for five billion bucks. And what is he doing now? Giving back. He’s doing great things, and he’s always done that. Doesn’t just go buy a yacht or whatever. He’s such a humanitarian. The guy is just too good to be true. WILDFOX clothing And now you’ve launched your own tequila brand, Perfectomundo? My best friend met someone that owned the best distillery in Mexico. He said ‘we have the best blend of Tequila,’ so we decided to make it. We ended up collaborating with Paul Oakenfold to do Perfectomundo tequila, which is the same name as Paul’s label. It seemed like a good fit. It’s nice to have a business with friends that you can enjoy. We started it a couple years ago, and it’s doing great, and God damn you should try it. It’s delicious! Tequila’s growing big time. And ours has been rated in several shows and tastings, it’s won a lot of awards. The problem with these big tequila companies is they can’t make it fast enough. So they pump it through, and it’s not as good anymore. Being a boutique brand, it’s small batches, and extremely good. Has LA changed a lot to you since coming here? Oh man, in so many ways. To start, there was no bottle service. You’d go out, it wasn’t all the phones with the cameras. You’d go out there, you’d talk to people, not everyone was staring at their phones. That’s just in general, not just LA. But it’s not the same as it used to be. It still is beautiful. It’s still got talented people. Beautiful beaches, you know, beautiful hills. I suppose it’s just that technology has changed.   And how did you make the music to fashion transition? Were you inspired by something in general? Being in that circuit, going to Paris, seeing all that, the fashion shows and having friends in the fashion business was major. And what goes on in London, Paris, Milan—it's so different. Music propelled me to go and experience the world and fortunately enough there came an opportunity to get involved in something else. I knew what was going on in fashion, I was going to the trade shows, seeing what people were doing out there. And to put a different spin on something was key. These two girls came and pitched an idea, something different with a t-shirt company. Oversized, different shapes, something completely different. That’s when we first launched Wildfox. And of course it blew up. Was there a key moment in time? A couple girls came to me with an idea. I said as long as it’s the coziest, softest material, I’m down. That’s what I was going for—the best materials with the right washes. But, we couldn’t even get into the majors, because we had just started. One day, a friend, Alessandra Ambrosio, said, ‘Jimmy Sommers, I’ll model for you. I’ll put your clothes on and I’ll take some pictures. But you do it! You take the pictures.’ So when she was in town, I threw the T-Shirts on her. I had never done this before, so I went to Samy’s Camera and said, ‘Give me your best camera.; It was a 5D and I said, ‘Well, what do you do? I’m shooting a Victoria’s Secret model, what do you do?’ And they just go, ‘Yeah right, sir. Just put it in auto.”’ So, I bought the camera for five grand and went and she put on all the shirts. Then Alessandra was like, ‘Well you can’t use these because Victoria’s Secret is going to get mad.’ So, I said, ‘Ok, of course not, I won’t use these.’ Then, at the trade show, I blew up the biggest photo of her, which was overlooking the whole show. People took notice, and the first order I got was a $60,000 order from Kitson. And I go, ‘How did you see us over here? We’re not even in the main show!?’ And of course they said ‘well, we saw that poster of Alessandra.’ Of course, I was in debt, so it was so great. Alessandra was the key thing. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. How would you describe the identity of the Wildfox brand, how it came to be a force? I’d say along the lines of, ‘Oh, that’s the brand with the softest material,’ the funny sayings, ‘celebrities wear it’, that sorta thing. As the current Wildfox CEO, I ensure we make all our clothes in LA, and it’s great stuff that’ll last forever. Quality. Any person that has a shirt since we started is still wearing it—I’m wearing one right now. They’re out there and they’ve got a frickin’ Wildfox—especially in LA and New York and London—they have something of ours in their closet. Now these other brands come, these fast fashion brands that have Internet money, and it’s cheaper clothes. And there’s all this paying people to wear stuff. We never had to do that when I started. And there’s a lot of that now. Yes, and the mimicry scales so fast. There’s a lot of copycat brands, but what can you do? Just be original. When I started as Wildfox CEO, we thought simply: let’s make t-shirts like butter. The softest t-shirts ever. People say that our first shirts are like fine wine. They just keep getting better and better. They don’t fall apart. Now we have to keep evolving and doing other things. From dresses and higher fashion stuff. Everyone still loves a good shirt and sweats and loungewear, but you have to watch where the world is up to. And now we’re all watching each other on little screens? Yes! Instagram wasn’t around when we started. In fact, we were one of the first accounts to get so many followers. Now, everyone’s influenced by it, which is kind of sad, because it can easily get carried away. It’s good to get these people’s support, but you know… these influencers have so much coming to them. If someone likes a brand, they’ll wear it and talk about it. I talk about a lot of things I like. But, like, one post? It’s not sincere. Left to right: CLYDE hat, JF LONDON shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. CLYDE hat, HARDEMAN shoes, stylist’s own socks, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings. And have you felt tested by owning a company, dealing with the ebbs and flows from the top? Of course. Having a company, you’re working with people, spending more time with your colleagues than anyone. It’s nice to do special things and, hey, if you can be successful and be funny as a company, isn’t that great for everyone involved? Me, being an artist, I get carried away a little and spend too much, and it catches up. This month we are restructuring our offices, tightening up my business. Now we have all these incredible new designs, and there’s excitement at first, then a little stagnancy. Like a relationship. You have to keep tooling and pushing. And do you feel the trajectory is normal for a brand, like a cycle, or is Jimmy Sommers’ Wildfox different?  There are unique circumstances to Wildfox and then much of it is normal high’s and low’s for any brand. Looking back, when you’re rising every year, a lot of big brands would call me and I gave them the middle finger because I thought everything was going to keep going up. ‘I don’t need this, everything's fine.’ But sometimes you do need someone to come in and give some help. It’s been my strategy to stay a one hundred percent owner, but I'm always looking for a strategic partner who can grow it bigger and bigger. You’re always hearing about the pitfalls of growth in the fashion and apparel industry. Any truth to that? You get cocky, but, you know, the consistent factor is you always need some really good people around. I’m still dealing with people that I find out they were faking it. It’s like, what was I doing for the last seven years paying you a hundred and twenty grand? What were you doing? Because I love it when people leave or go and you don’t even need to replace them. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. And how about outside insights or consultation? Not being from this business, I’ve hired a lot of consultants. I’ve figured out that they’ve told me everything I was already doing. With consultants, I’ve learned they’re typically the failed CEOs of their own businesses, or CEOs that got fired, and they want a lot of money. Every consultant I’ve taken aboard hasn’t changed shit. They’ll move certain things around and they’re just shuffling papers. They’ll come in and paper shuffle, and it’s like ‘Oh my God, how much money am I spending?’ So perhaps it’s more in the creative structure? Who at this stage might you think to be an ideal partner? It’s got to be a funny cat. Look at Pharrell! He’s got all this crazy music, he’s great. We’ve met a few times and once I was like, ‘Aren’t you doing fashion?’ and he named four different companies. Wow, what a talent. So someone like that I’d like to get in the mix. New approach on creative ideas. Even Nike does all these things. Collaborations are big business these days. It sparks energy into something, so I’m looking for collabs and there’s a lot of possibilities. Jimmy, aside from being Wildfox CEO and tequila entrepreneur, how about your personal trajectory? Any excerpts from the book of life? All you can do is just learn from life and other people. But you have to trust other people so you truly can learn from them. And that doesn’t always work out, but you have to try. ‘If you look back,’ my father used to ask me, ‘would you change anything?’ You know what, no I wouldn’t. But maybe I have to say that because my father asked me! And how about music? You’re still keeping an eye on the scene? I’m always supporting new artists, as I was one back in the day. Lately I’ve been signing country artists. I know how it is, it’s tough. So it’s nice for me to help out other people, and not just for one song. You have to throw a lot in there and see what sticks. I did that with my music. I worked on three albums at once, and could never finish anything! But then I’d be putting together a record in Chicago, and I’d meet someone and they’d be like, ‘Let’s have ten songs in three months.’ And I was like, ‘Wow, that works.’ Deadlines are important! CLYDE hat, TIBI shoes, IMAGO-A bag, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace. And you’re building a studio up here in the Hills? It’s pretty amazing, the sound. I have a great sound system up here, and you can really hear when someone knows how to record, or mix. Man, that’s a big deal, the mixing. My favorite place to create is like this, where something sounds good. You know, in the Hills, in the studio. That’s why Tupac and everyone used to roll through back in the day! I had a recording studio! That’s why I’m building a new one up here. It’s a special spot. When you’re first in the Hills, you look out there and you’re thinking ‘Wow, I wanna move out here.’ And so I’ve always lived in the Hills, from all the way around. Like seven different houses, and I finally bought one. I look out, and I see the city sparkling, and all those people and their lives from here to as far as you can see, and you’re just on top of the hill, on top of the world. It feels frickin’ good, and it still does. And how’s it all going to land? What’s the big picture look like? Well, it would be nice to have a great relationship, and kids, and this and that. But who knows? Let’s just say I’m gonna die however, but with a smile on my face. Peter Fonda just passed away, and you know, his sister Jane, that’s what she said, that he ‘passed but he had a smile on his face.’ It’s like, have a good ride, because we’re not here forever. Photographed by Shane McCauley.  Flaunt Film Directed by Lucas Chemotti. Models: Dani Dolinger at LA Models and Patterson Wells at Visions Models LA. Styled by Britton Litow. Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co and Oribe at Nest Artists. Makeup: Cedric Jolivet using MAC Cosmetics at Lowe & Co. Manicurist: Lisa Jachno using Chanel Le Vernis at Opus Beauty. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019 The contemporary jewelry line, AGMES, is the brainchild of Morgan and Jaclyn Solomon. Each collection is influenced by facets of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art. The geometric and sculptural, metallic silhouettes reflect modern heirlooms, meant to last a lifetime. Handcrafted in New York, the sisters provide local jobs and utilize recycled metals, which is central to their code of ethicality. With the release of their Fall 2019 lookbook, Flaunt spoke with the Solomon gals to chat all things AGMES. Tell us about the inception of AGMES. Morgan Solomon: We hadn’t anticipated starting a line together years ago, it all happened naturally and kind of fell into place this way. I was working as a buyer at Bloomingdale’s at the time but always felt like something was missing in my life. After catching up with an old friend, I was re-inspired and decided to pursue jewelry design full-time. Meanwhile, Jaclyn had just resigned from her job as a sweater designer at Proenza Schouler. She had planned to take a little time off, but as I was getting ready to launch my first collection, I was asking her for more and more input. It started out with small projects, to larger projects like producing our first lookbook, and naturally led us to form a partnership. What aspects of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art inspire the geometry of your designs? MS: Our collection is very sculptural in nature, so we’re often inspired by sculptors such as Jean Arp, Henry Moore, and Barbara Hepworth, to name a few. We’ve also been greatly inspired by the designs of Charlotte Perriand, Pierre Jeanneret, and Mies van der Rohe. For our most recent SS19 collection, we drew from Ellsworth Kelly’s plant drawings. What dedications has the brand made in regards to sustainability?  MS: Sustainability has always been very important to us, but we feel that now more than ever, it’s crucial to keep our environmental footprint as small as possible. There is so much waste in this industry, and we think it’s our responsibility to make sure we’re not adding to the problem. All our products are made locally in NYC, which helps keep our carbon footprint small, and we use only recycled metals for all our jewelry. Any excess metal that hasn’t been used in our jewelry is melted and repurposed for new pieces.  Jaclyn Solomon: We recycle and reuse everything we can. We’re always bringing in bubble wrap, packaging materials, boxes, etc. from packages we receive at home so that we can reuse them instead of letting them go to waste. What are some of the ideas and concepts behind your Fall 2019 collection? JS: We drew from one of our favorite pieces from the existing collection, the Gabriela Bangle, which we had hand-formed from clay. We love the weight of this piece, the feel of it, and the look. So we wanted to continue playing with this sculptural hand-formed look, but play with the proportions and symmetry further. Most of this collection came from pieces we hand-formed from clay. Do you have a favorite piece from the collection? JS: My favorite is the Gabriela Hairclip! MS: I’ve been wearing the Medium Celia Hoops almost every day lately. And I’ve also been wearing our Domed Ring layered with the Cara Ring from last season. I love being able to build off the styles I already have.  What’s next?  MS: We’ve only just begun expanding into the accessories category – first jewelry, and then we introduced some home and hair accessories. We’ve been exploring the idea of expanding further into these categories, in a way that stays true to us – beautiful organic forms, all of which will become modern heirlooms and embody a sense of timelessness. Photography: Arno Frugier Creative direction: Ashley Helvey Model: Audrey Marnay Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Ovadia & Sons SS17  
        Backstage 
New York Men's Fashion Week SS17     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      STAMPD SS17  
        First Looks & Presentation 
New York Men's Fashion Week SS17     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                              Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Linder SS17  
        Backstage & Runway 
New York Men's Fashion Week SS17     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      David Hart SS17  
        Presentation  
New York Men's Fashion Week SS17     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Perry Ellis SS17  
        Backstage & Presentation 
NYMD SS17     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      What’s that junk in your trunk, Blood Brother?  
        The brand's founder and creative director Nick Biela on his influences and plan for the brand     
    Originally a t-shirt line, Blood Brother quickly evolved into one of the most coveted menswear lines in Britain. Their professed values of "integrity, roots, and ambition" show through in their line, and they're now carried at stores like Harrod's, Harvey Nichols, Holt Renfrew, and others, in addition to their flagship store. Blood Brother has come a long way since their t-shirt days. We caught up with Blood Brother's founder and creative director, Nick Biela, on his influences and vision for the line. Which five pieces of clothing could you not be without? Why do you hold them so dear? Right now I'm on holiday fishing in the Arctic circle, so with that in mind, here's a topical answer: I couldn't be without a my waterproof Artix Blood Brother jacket, polarized sunglasses (glare from the river), Fjällraven bucket hat with inbuilt mosquito net, Loop fishing gilet (Blood Brother SS17 suede one just a bit too nice for this trip), and Shakespeare Waders to get further into the water. My one accessory would obviously by my Shakespeare "ugly stik" rod. Where is your favorite place to brainstorm and get inspired? The Olympic swimming Pool in Stratford, it's really good to be able to do a form of exercise which allows you to switch off, no phone, music, distractions - just goggles, swim cap, speedos and time to think. Who for you is the most inspiring fashion designer of all time, and why? Massimo Osti, is a huge inspiration to me, he was a pioneer with dyeing techniques and  his utilization of different fabrics for technical outerwear. I also like the fact that he started as a graphic designer producing printed t-shirts.

Do you think of your work as art or craftsmanship? How do you balance form and function as a designer? I think that working as a designer you need flexibility in your approach and to be able to accept that what is imagined at the start of a creative process will be eventually constructed into a product with the intention of being sold. This enables you to endure another cycle. Much like evolution with any process, it's vital that you remain focused on improving and continuing to embrace new ideas, allowing for sales to stimulate creation. Although I think the product itself is well crafted, the brand as a concept has a sentimental centre, we believe being a part of East London's creative community is a strong reason to describe it as art. How does your aesthetic reflect your personality? My personality reflects the brand in a sense where I like to continue to add to my personality from new experiences. I believe having an open mind allows you to grow and progress, much like our business, we feel having an open mind and flexible attitude allows for opportunities. What has been the most exciting moment in your career so far?

I think it was thrilling to be able to put on our debut LC:M presentation, the whole team that worked on it with us helped to deliver a bold vision of Blood Brother for 2017. For the first time we were able to communicate our concept on models rather than on hangers in showrooms. I think a more appropriate word would be satisfying as among the excitement was stress, nerves and  tiredness so when we were finished we felt exhausted but completely content. What challenges did you have to face to get where you are in the industry? Challenges approach designers and young businesses every day, the most prominent challenge in my opinion is to continue to look forward, everybody is capable of making a mistake or bad decision. It's more important how to react and move on from problems, that will help to distinguish a career, a business as well as a person. What's up next for Blood Brother? Right now the other half of the team are focusing on sales of the SS17 'Homesick' collection, and we are having a great reaction, the feedback has been really positive and even some of the more particular sartorial pieces have been seeing some success with the buyers in the showroom. I'm already starting to piece together initial ideas for AW17 and feel really motivated to carry on our energy and intensity from our presentation. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017     Patricia Field launches new series at LUISAVIAROMA  
        The series is somewhere between an art gallery and a fashion line     
    Patricia Field isn't one for fast fashion or the mass produced. After dressing women for hit fashion-oriented shows like Sex and the City and films like the Devil Wears Prada, it should come as no surprise that she takes a more singular approach to her own work. “You know you’re walking down the street and everybody is wearing the same thing and it’s not that fabulous, and you’re not individual. But at the same time, there is this philosophy going around about individuality," she says. But this doesn't mean that she's about to shy away from ready-to-wear. Enter Art/Fashion, a new series of design curated by Field.  The project features the works of  Scooter La Forge, Suzan Pitt, Jody Morlock, Iris Barbee Bonner, and more, and is composed entirely of one-of-a-kind (but ready-to-wear) clothing and accessories. Field's curation of designs are available exclusively at LUISAVIAROMA.com. The involved artists each transformed the concept of the event, Underwater Love, using their personal medium. Each garment features one-of-a-kind artwork, making it a unique piece to the wearer. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   2ND DAY jacket, JULIA CLANCEY top, JULIA CLANCEY pants, JAQUES MARIE MAGE from MONTANA EYES sunglasses CHRISTIAN DIOR blouse, EQUIHUA top, EQUIHUA skirt, MANOKHI jacket, ALEJANDRA G shoes AHLEM FROM MONTANA EYES sunglasses EMPORIO ARMANI  top,  DODO BAR OR jacket,  EKATERINA KUKHAREVA jumper,  and SCHNUCHEL FROM MONTANA EYES sunglasses    Fancy your having no sunshine in London  
        Photographed by Easton Schirra 
Modelled by Alex Boldea 
Styled by Natalie Hemmati 
Makeup by Sean Harris 
Hair by Crystal Liz
     Easton Schirra: My work is always in a whirlpool of turmoil and intimacy. The connection that is made between the subject and myself, always proves to be the most igniting force in my imagery. I love people. The way they move, the way they act and the intricate pieces of their beauty attract me. I feel the light and let it dance upon their face. Photographing what I like is the most rewarding and inspiring work. I let the energy and creativity from my team stir the pot and out flows magic. Too much planning is often destructive to the process. Let it happen. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Left to right: talent’s own ring and vintage Dior bracelet. GUESS blazer, and MARC JACOBS shirt. LUCKY BRAND jacket, MCQ t-shirt, CALVIN KLEIN pants, GUCCI loafers, and CASIO watch. GUESS blazer, MARC JACOBS shirt and pants, GUCCI loafers, and vintage Dior bracelet. MCQ “Swallow” collection polo.    Men’s Fashion: Daddy’s Girl  
        Photographer: Eddie Chacon.  
Stylist: Mar Peidro. Model:  
Tim Feldhaus for Vision Models.  
Groomer: Tracy Moyer for The Rex Agency.      Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   DIOR HOMME jacket and THEORY turtleneck. DOLCE & GABBANA suit, THEORY turtleneck, and JEFFREY RÜDES shoes. BEN SHERMAN jacket and vest, HELMUT LANG t-shirt, and DKNY MEN pants. BRUNELLO CUCCINELLI suit and pocket square, stylist’s own tank top, and DIOR HOMME shoes. SALVATORE FERRAGAMO suit and shirt. CANALI suit, CARVEN shirt, BRUNO MAGLI shoes, and stylist’s own belt. JEFFREY RÜDES suit and shoes and HELMUT LANG t-shirt. BOSS suit and BURBERRY shirt and tie. BOSS suit, and BURBERRY PRORSUM shirt and tie. Model’s own windbreaker, BURBERRY PRORSUM jacket and pants, DIOR HOMME shirt and shoes, and SALVATORE FERRAGAMO tie. BRUNELLO CUCCINELLI jacket, JEFFREY RÜDES suit, and stylist’s own t-shirt.    I love… money  
        Photographer: Samantha Casolari.  
Stylist: Martin Waitt.  
Model: Briar Montana for Re:Quest Model Management NY.  
Hair: Elsa for SEE Management Using Oribe.  
Makeup: Cedric Jolivet for SEE Management Using M.A.C. Cosmetics.      Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   LANDEROS NEW YORK top, OLDER BROTHER jeans, and photographer’s own vintage belt. TESSA jacket and pants, PARI DESAI top, and talent’s own boots. TESSA top and pants. OLDER BROTHER top and vintage pants available at Assembly Los Angeles. TESSA dress, SILENT SOUND shirt available at Assembly los Angeles, and stylist’s own boots. TESSA top and pants. LANDEROS NEW YORK top, OLDER BROTHER jeans, and photographer’s own vintage belt. TESSA dress and stylist’s own boots. LRS dress available at Assembly Los Angeles.    Let’s have a blast: Featuring Lyubov of Pinkshinyultrablast  
        Photographer: Abigail Briley Bean. Stylist: Sissy Sainte-Marie. Hair and Makeup: Harper for Exclusive Artist Management using Sisley Paris and Oribe.      Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    The menswear fashion designer is the first of three designers to display her home collection for IKEA. The limited edition collection does not disappoint, and it emphasizes Eary’s signature psychedelic and bold style for a statement-making home. We caught up with the designer and discussed creating a home collection, her personal style, and the art of fashion design: What is your definition of style?
Style is something that should come naturally to you, what you gravitate towards that is instinctively YOU. If there is a trend of say 'Punk' or 'Boho' people that still keep their own sense of style within those trends, that to me is style. Do you know what I mean? Which five pieces of clothing could you not be without? Why do you hold them so dear?
Gucci Afghan coat - Makes me feel like Penny Lane from 'Almost Famous'
Vintage Levi jeans- I can’t throw them away. They are almost unwearable and each summer I'm like... one more summer... They look cool with everything, and look so effortless.
Wolford Body - This body holds me together. Great for post cake binges, or to wear with a pencil skirt. It goes with everything and always looks chic.
Vans heavy duty flannel shirt- My throw on shirt. sometimes I wear it as a jkt, I ALWAYS wear it whenever on a flight, its warm, comfy and cool.
Louis Vuitton leather dress (SS16) – It’s my 'on the pull' dress, it NEVER fails me ;) Do you think of your work as art or craftsmanship? How do you balance form and function as a designer?
I see it’s my duty more than ever to keep it as an art. Sales is important, but literally anyone can do that. There are sooo many designers now. All in the rat race to make £££££ so I feel like its my duty to keep my fashion an art as that side feels like its dying out.
I balance this by doing collabs. I can keep my product on peoples backs at an affordable price that way, then I am free to create a beautiful vision that people will buy into via one off collars or select stores :)

Your clothing is very focused on bright and captivating patterns, prints, and textures. When did you first fall in love with textiles, fabric and design?I was never into textiles. When I was growing up that was the really geeky side that I wasn't too interested in... I was drawn to the glossy Gucci campaigns art directed by Carine Roitfeld, The Face, etc etc. The shock factor of 2000's drew me to fashion. Like a moth to a flame. It was when I went to the RCA that I started to work with very effeminate materials like fur and crystal. I was obsessed with the idea of military uniform. It was such a man’s world. The higher up, the more powerful, the more effeminate your uniform was. My idea was to create the most feminine pieces- the challenge being making it masculine. RCA was the beginning of me :)   Who for you is the most inspiring fashion designer of all time, and why? Heidi Slimane - I love anyone who basically rocks up to a stuffy industry and does whatever the fuck they want. He embodies this. He has and will always be my favourite human - And of course designer.  How does your aesthetic reflect your personality? Hahaha. If you have ever met me you will see that I am just as high res as the collections. I love to laugh and I love holidays... I think this is why my collections are always better in the summer.  Who do you design your clothes and home collection for?  My Muse. Usually it’s the characters in whatever I'm reading, or whatever I'm watching. At the moment its Jim Francis (Begbie) in 2016 ('The Blade Artist', Irvine welsh) you may remember him from 'Trainspotting.'    What interested you in designing a home line? When IKEA comes to you and says 'can you make a collection for us?' only an idiot would say no... haha When I was at Uni my boyfriend Steve was a product designer, I loved seeing what they were getting up to, the amount of work that goes into furniture/products. From that point iv always followed that industry and was absolutely thrilled to be part of it.  How was designing a home collection similar to designing a clothing collection?  I approached the design the same way I would a clothing collection. I started with a book. This time 'Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas' From that point I spend months working on prints specing them to size for the chosen products. It was a very long process. I started working on it 2 years ago!  What elements of your streetwear clothing line have you incorporated into your home collection? The print is what I carried over. IKEA were extremely specific with what they wanted for me. They wanted eye popping print which is what I am good at. I think it’s obvious that the print is mine, haha.  Subculture is something that you credit as incredibly inspiring for your designs. Do you have a certain subculture that is most intriguing to you? I think I exhausted the word 'subculture' between 2008-2012 (goes to update biog on website) I think I will always look to grit and reality for inspiration. That in itself is why I draw inspiration from writers like Irvine Welsh, Richard Milward, Alissa Nutting or artists like Tracy Emin. Drugs, incest, depression, Prostitution, insomnia, it’s all reality. I study these areas as we live in rose tinted times. We all need to be aware what’s going on in the world, ugly or not. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Left to Right: DRIES VAN NOTEN jacket and shorts. BOTTEGA VENETA jacket, t-shirt, and pants. GIVENCHY sweatshirt, t-shirt, skirt, and shorts. Left to right: BURBERRY shirt and pants and GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI leather sneakers. CALVIN KLEIN COLLECTION suit and shirt and CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN leather sneakers. VALENTNO jacket. LANVIN jacket, tank, and shorts. Left to right: VERSACE leather jacket, shirt, and jeans and BALENCIAGA boots. TOM FORD leather jacket, sweater, and jeans and FRYE boots. Left to right: JUNYA WATANABE MAN jacket and shirt. BALENCIAGA coat, shirt, and shorts and CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN leather sneakers. PRADA tank tops and cotton shorts. From left to right: HERMÈS jacket, shirt, and pants and GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI leather sneakers ALEXANDER MCQUEEN shirt and pants and CALVIN KLEIN COLLECTION socks and leather sandals. FENDI coat and shorts and GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI leather boots. GUCCI jacket, shirt, and pants and GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI DESIGN boots. LOUIS VUITTON jacket and shorts and GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI DESIGN sneakers. DIOR HOMME jacket and jeans and PRADA booties. DOLCE & GABBANA jacket, shirt, and pants. RICK OWENS sleeveless coat and shorts.  RICK OWENS FOR ADIDAS boots.    What’s the sentiment going on here?  
        Photographer: Jovan Todorovic for See Management.  
Style Director: Long Nguyen.  
Fashion Editor: Zaquan Champ.  
Models: Diego Villarreal, John Kang for Fusion, NY; Anthony White for NY Models, NY.     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Left to right: TOMAS MAIER shirt and shorts and KENNETH COLE sneakers. SIKI IM coat, sweatshirt, and pants and FLORSHEIM boots.     PUBLIC SCHOOL shirt and pants.     TIM COPPENS jacket and pants and BUSCEMI sneakers.     Left to right: MICHAEL KORS sweater and jeans and JOHN VARVATOS boots. OVADIA & SONS parka, sweater, and pants and NIKE sneakers.     Left to right: JOHN VARVATOS jacket and shirt. RAG & BONE parka, shirt, and shorts.     ROCHAMBEAU jacket, tank, and pants, KENNETH COLE shoes, and NEW ERA socks.       Left to right: BOYSWEAR sweater and shorts, and NIKE sneakers. MICHAEL BASTIAN jacket, sweater and shorts, and BUSCEMI sneakers.     CADET shorts and vest, NIKE tights, and KENNETH COLE boots.     Left to right: SIMON MILLER coat, shirt and shorts, FLORSHEIM boots, and NEW ERA socks. GARCIA VELEZ sweatshirt, shirt and shorts, NIKE leggings, and RAF SIMONS FOR ADIDAS sneakers.     Left to right: DAVID HART shirt and shorts, and RICK OWENS FOR ADIDAS sneakers. JOHN ELLIOTT parka, shorts, and leggings and FRYE shoes. Grooming notes: AVEDA daily light guard defense fluid and BUMBLE AND BUMBLE sumowax.                   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      I can resist everything except temptation  
        Photography: Au Matt 
Styling: Seo K 
Model: Jkab at YG KPlus 
Grooming: Jeong Hwan Park/ Yumi; Yang Keong Ha 
All clothes by : @Realorfake_official / Perdre Haleine     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   
        And we caught up with Erik Torstensson & Jens Grede of FRAME at their new L.A. location on Melrose.     What's your favorite thing about having a cult denim label?  Firstly, it’s incredibly flattering and humbling to have FRAME described as a “cult” label, neither of us - nor our team who work so tirelessly on the creation of our pieces – would ever have expected for FRAME to take off so successfully the way it has thus far. If we think about the best thing, we would say the satisfaction of creating products which we feel proud of and in turn the satisfaction this give our customers. There's a lot of redwood in the beautiful new store. Have you ever hiked in the Redwoods in California? If so, which one and what were you thinking when you were among these majestic trees? We have spent a lot of time in central and northern California and as a result we wanted our store to feel as connected with the surroundings as possible. Using Redwood was a natural and obvious choice, it is intrinsic to the landscape of California, it’s strong, it has presence, and these are qualities we hope our customers feel when wearing our pieces. What's a favorite denim moment in history (could be a fashion image or icon in denim)? The first time we saw someone wearing FRAME! You've both worked together for a very long time. Do you ever disagree? Once every 5 years or so… however we are intuitive to each other’s likes and dislikes, our skill sets complement each other and we share the same basic aesthetic for the brand and much else besides and the drive to succeed.  The denim industry is extremely competitive. How do you set Frame apart and create something different? The story behind FRAME sets it apart. From the very beginning we have designed for the women in our lives, we are very lucky to be surrounded by incredibly strong and inspiring women, women who don’t accept anything less than the best, women who don’t compromise on anything, including their style. The first chapter of the story was with denim, and has now expanded to a full RTW range of blouses, classic shirts, tailoring, knitwear and now the growth of our menswear line which follows the same basic principles. Favorite place to relax in LA? If we do manage to get the time it’s by the pool at the Beverly Hills Hotel or just hanging out in Venice with friends.  Go to power lunch spot in London? For a formal lunch, Scotts on Mount Street in Mayfair is a must and not just for the food – seafood is it’s specialty – but also for the people and the ambiance. For more causal lunches then Roka on Charlotte Street in Fitzrovia. What's your favorite denim silhouette at the moment? For guys and for girls?  Straight leg for guys, we live in our L’Homme and naturally have them in every wash. For girls, the Cropped mini boot is perfect for the summer season ahead, it’s is a super sexy and flattering cut. What do you hate about denim? Only when it is not respected – when it is done cheaply and under poor conditions. Denim is so valuable, it is one of the most versatile and democratic fabrics around. You can wear it anywhere, anytime, dress it up or dress it down and it can fit every mood. We manufacture all of our denim in Los Angeles, it is the home of denim.  You were instrumental in the creation of Mr. Porter and other e-comm and retail sites; did those experiences inform starting a fashion line in any way? Every experience we have had along our journey so far has to some degree influenced our decision, and will continue to influence our decisions. Being able to reflect on ones past and for it to help inform ones future is a valuable part of the process of development.   You both have followed your passions and followed the evolution of those passions, turning every hobby into a successful business it seems. What's next on the horizon for you both? And what do you do on your down time (it doesn't seem like it's possible you have any, but just in case you do!) We are passionate about investing in younger brands, we know how important it is to have not only a good product and funding but a solid infrastructure. Building a brand is so much more than just having good product and investment of money, it is also about investment of time and expertise in business, strategy – the whole package. Lastly, FRAME is a London meets LA brand. Have you ever heard of Califuk? (If not, that's okay. It was the concept name of our last fall fashion issue in which we imagined London and LA merging as one super city.) ;) No, but we are definitely proud “residents” of the merged “super city” and one day we hope to get the keys to the city! Visit the FRAME store online or in person | 8467 Melrose Pl, Los Angeles, CA 90069 | Open M-F 10 am - 7 pm & Sun 12 - 6 pm  Written by Mui-Hai Chu Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      All About Les Benjamins SS16  
        LES BENJAMINS Spring / Summer 2016 goes “Back To The Roots”     Les Benjamins SS16 from Les Benjamins on Vimeo. Istanbul fascinates Les Benjamins Creative Director Bünyamin Aydin. Besides form-fitting jackets, urban raincoats, and classy-mimetic tee designs, his intersectional label bridges Ottoman influence with modernization's continual integration. For Turkish youth forging identities within this ever-evolving cityscape, Les Benjamins also designs cell phone cases, breathable and waterproof fabrics, and even digital embroidered technologies. Trendsetters who champion Aydin's pieces become contemporary eclipses passing through ancient urbanity, with a sense of stylish play well tailored for any moment in history. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   BALLY suede dress.     DIOR cotton organdie ‘lingerie’ dress and cropped cotton veil ‘lingerie’ top.     MIU MIU feather collar.     MOLLY GODDARD smocked long sleeve dress, TOPSHOP leather mary jane shoes, FALKE knee high socks, and EDDIE BORGO necklace.     CÉLINE over printed linen canvas dress.     ERDEM floral silk dress.      DRIES VAN NOTEN dress with sequined bustier and COACH cotton embroidered collared top.     BOSS beaded fringe dress and MANOLO BLAHNIK suede midi heels.     ALBERTA FERRETTI silk chiffon and lace dress and silk underwear and DIOR cropped cotton veil ‘lingerie’ top (worn underneath).     SIMONE ROCHA embroidered lurex and tulle dress available at Luisaviaroma.com, DIOR cropped cotton veil ‘lingerie’ top (worn underneath), and MANOLO BLAHNIK suede midi heels.     ETRO patterned quilted waistcoat and SALVATORE FERRAGAMO silk dress and matching ruffled top. Beauty Notes: TOM FORD intensive infusion ultra rich moisturizer and cream cheek color in pink sand.                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   GUCCI silk organdy long sleeve gown with ruffles.     GUCCI silk organdy long sleeve gown with ruffles.     ERDEM slip dress with tiered ruffles in posy fil coupe.     LANVIN silk and sequin long sleeve dress.     EMILIO PUCCi tulle paillette embroidered long dress and SALVATORE FERRAGAMO shoes.     BALENCIAGA silk satin whim ribbon dress.     SALVATORE FERRAGAMO silk dress with feathers.     DOLCE & GABBANA tulle dress and CÉLINE leather perforated slippers.     HELMUT LANG satin back crêpe slip dress and MICHAEL KORS chantilly lace skirt.     HELMUT LANG satin back crêpe slip dress and MICHAEL KORS chantilly lace skirt.     BURBERRY PRORSUM washing silk satin long dress.     DION LEE belted shell dress and MARNI wide leg silk trousers and shoes.                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017     Shooting with you recently was probably one of the coolest days I’ve had on set in a while.  I could tell that you’re authentic and had a clear idea of who you are from the moment we starting. This probably explains why a lot of people love your Instagram. What kind of words would you think you would use to describe yourself? A few words to describe myself...I. DO. NOT. GIVE. A. SHIT.  Your image is super great.  Instantly everyone else on set was really elated to shoot your lips and teeth cause they are such distinct features. That’s why the name Coneja (Rabbit in Spanish) is perfect for you. How do you feel about the way you look? I grew up not really fond of how I look, I was a pretty insecure kid. I was like 60 pounds overweight; almost a foot taller than everyone else in my class and my gapped teeth were a joke of choice amongst my peers. But now the things that I hated as a kid are my favorites. I LOVE my teeth, a lot of people still poke fun on the internet but I don’t give a shit. I'm not a fan of looking like everyone else. It gets sooooo boring looking at the same carbon copies of what the world thinks is beautiful.  Not only do you model but you're a video director as well, and a really amazing one at that! Tell us more about your video work? What have you done and what’s next? I began doing music videos for friends, now I’m beginning to branch out. I’m experimenting more with disturbing material that I find both beautiful and dark. As an artist I am trying to break through the safe and cause a stir in people. That is my ultimate goal, to create magic while having people feel disturbed and question everything. I also recently got a new vhs cam corder and have been planning to make a series of shorts with it.   Lastly, Inspiration can come from anything. I always seem to being finding it a lot lately in the ways that people behave when they think that people aren’t watching. But tell us what inspires you? What elevates your mind? I get A LOT of inspiration from the idea of a black widow. A female assassin, a gorgeous dark eyed, dark lipped big hair woman who knows her way around a machete. I've always been obsessed with the idea of a bad ass lady. I’m pretty sure this stems, from the way I was raised. I’m lucky to have a really strong female figure in my life. My mother raised us on her own, making paper while still keeping her bleached roots, hair and eyelash extensions, all her baby pink strappy heels, and tan up to par. Even from my earliest art days, the only subjects I chose to draw were always a busty, big blond hair, lady killers. I would draw these tiny figurines that always looked like a cross between Pamela Anderson and Rambo, always equipped with TONS of weapons.  Follow C0neja on Instagram (@c0neja). Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Tell us a secret: I tell everyone I’m 5’9 but I’m really 5’8     Tell us a secret: I won a talent show for singing a Clay Aiken song.     Tell us a secret: I really miss Myspace.     Tell us a secret: I fought a girl when I was 13.     Tell us a secret: My mom thinks my ears are stretched because I wore heavy earrings. When I was emo, I used to hide my gauges from her. Sorry mom.     Tell us a secret: I still use iTunes and pay for every song. I know. I really suck.     Tell us a secret: I only drink decaf coffee. When I order coffee I also ask the barista for their phone number just in case I’m lying in bed at 4am because they slipped me caffeine.     Tell us a secret: I’ve been biting my nails since preschool.     Tell us a secret: I kissed a girl and I liked it.                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                         Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                       Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017     Any dystopia may well be another’s lived present. Au Matt’s Siren Song reimagines the merciless creatures in Greek Mythology and teleports them to the streets in WZW’s latest “Pale Heart, Floating Spit” collection. As Robert Ashley’s heartbreaking intimacy shifts to the chaotic rap vocals of Aristophanes, the three Sirens reveal their true identity, at once saccharine and toxic. Au Matt and WZW create a dialogue on empowered female subjectivity and teenage angst in a filmic riposte on the male gaze. Producer: Alina Sikora at STUDIO AU MATT for BENJI WZW Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photo courtesy Alberta Ferretti Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    "It's magic to me when I enter the laboratory," says Stone Island Creative Director and President Carlo Rivetti. "When we put a jacket inside the machine, we don’t know what will happen. Sometimes it’s really a surprise." Rivetti approaches luxury fashion with the jovial intelligence familiar to a research scientist. It's this commitment to research, a continual evolution of materials and dyeing processes, that allows Stone Island to "cook" fabrics--adjusting knitting patterns, temperature, duration of heating, water-treatment, and other variables--to create individual garments unlike anything on the market. In certain cases, Rivetti and his team create jackets that are truly unique, like no other jacket on the planet. The methods Rivetti and his team of designers employ to create them are closer to 'rocket science" than "textile manufacturing." It's living testament to the brand's core values, and the legacy of creators who've worked with the brand in its 30+ year history. Stone Island trusts that if they discover something they like, it will fare well in the free market. There's truth to this theory: the premium brand is embraced by pop culture, featuring prominently in the film Green Street Hooligans. Today, there's more to a Stone Island jacket than how it feels. And the "colors" can't be simply captured in a single photograph, or on film, so as to reveal their complexity. "Fabric is the DNA of the brand," Rivetti says, passionately. "In 1982, we launched Stone Island with seven pieces, one fabric, 12 colors and from the beginning, it was something totally new."  Starting with utilitarian functionality (Stone Island's first collection was inspired by military garb and reflective jackets), the brand's followed an ethos of internal discovery, a neverending quest to make clothes they themselves are excited about. Over the years, these results have become their own art objects, hence the retrospective currently occupying the front half of the La Brea storefront.  Reflective Research '992 – '015 / Los Angeles needs to be seen in person to be appreciated. One jacket, viewed at a 45 degree angle from the right will look like a solid white reflective track jacket, nothing mindblowing. But by circling the jacket and viewing it at 45 degrees from the left, one will find a silver-metallic camo pattern emerges. Another jacket appears to be monochrome, but if it catches the flash of a camera, it reveals a complex reflective pattern. The beauty of Stone Island is the quest to not just dye a material, but instead play with its properties, and affect how light engages the jacket (color is a matter of wavelengths hitting the retina, remember). Carlo gains clarity, and intensity as he explains that four different jackets, each distinctly different colors, are all the same material and dye. It's how long that jacket is heated that determines the precise color, he says. Art and fashion truly merge here. Rivetti says that he has no real hard explanation for why one of the jackets turned out black. It was literally an accident, one that he found really breathtaking on the eye, and a perfect material for a one-of-a-kind hooded jacket.  Showcased in 2015 in Milan and New York, Reflective Research '992 – '015 / Los Angeles will run through March 13th, 2016. STONE ISLAND LOS ANGELES Sunday 11am—6pm Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photo courtesy Alberta Ferretti Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                           Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                              Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Libertine FW16  
        Backstage & First Looks 
New York Fashion Week Fall/Winter 2016     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                                  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Gucci unveiled its latest timepiece, the G-Timeless automatic, at an illustrious event in L.A. Worn by Florence Welch, the design features an eclectic mix of decorative bees, a heart and stars. Alexa Chung conducted an in-person interview with the musician, adding another layer of prominence and perspective to the delightful affair. How did this promising relationship develop? Alessandro Michele, Creative Director of Gucci, said, "Florence has become a good friend, but I wanted to work with her primarily because she is an exciting artist. Her dark, romantic songs are timeless and full of passion and emotion–in many ways they evoke the spirit of Gucci." The timing's perfect, or rather, any time is made perfect when powerful artists and innovative designers unite. Make-up Artist: Sarah Reygate Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Yigal Azrouel A/W16  
        Backstage & First Looks 
New York Fashion Week Fall/Winter 2016     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Parkchoonmoo A/W 2016  
        Backstage & First Looks 
New York Fashion Week Fall/Winter 2016     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      CG Chris Gelinas Fall 2016  
        Backstage & First Looks 
New York Fashion Week Fall/Winder 2016     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                          Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Kye A/W 2016  
        Backstage & First Looks 
New York Fashion Week Fall/Winter 2016     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                                  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Timo Weiland FW16  
        Backstage & First Looks 
New York Fashion Week: Men's Fall 2016     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                              Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                              Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                              Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                               Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   TOPSHOP earrings.     Vintage linen embroidered dress and fur by Hektor available at Featherstone Vintage, TOPSHOP earrings, and ALDO necklaces.       Vintage ‘razzle dazzle’ sequin silk chiffon jacket available at Featherstone Vintage.     Vintage Christian Dior demi-couture silk and wool dress available at Featherstone Vintage, and TOPSHOP velvet scarf and earrings.       LAFAILLE jacket, vintage Jean-Louis Scherrer silk dress available at Featherstone Vintage, ALDO shoes and necklaces, and TOPSHOP earrings.       LAFAILLE shirt, bodice and pants, ALDO boots and necklaces, and TOPSHOP earrings.         GAI MATTIOLO couture silk suit, ALDO gloves and necklaces, and TOPSHOP earrings.                 Model: Shelby for Sutherland Models Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                           With potential unspooling, per se, Steinmetz worked, determinedly, elevating her punctilious technique, finally approaching couture level. While her garments could earn favor in notable fashion houses, Steinmetz's process is literally rags-to-riches. Beginning with thriftstore detritus, leftover denim prints, outdated and forlorn, the designer makes sure the remnant denim are unseamed, down to their lone threads; then Steinmetz works diligently, running these found threads through her loom to bring her organic, delicate designs to life. Now, having unveiled her debut campaign (Shot by Arnaud Lajeunie), fashionistas can add Faustine Steinmetz to their list of rare and must-have pieces. The collection exemplifies her signature pieces: couture blue jeans to eggshell pleated dresses—but it's timeless, and not in the played out sense of the word. We especially love where Steinmetz feigns the appearance of a Van Gogh sky; blue and white paint makes the piece look perpetually wet to the touch. How fitting! Steinmetz's timeless re-appropriation of yesteryear technology conceptualizes a merging of fashion and art, freezing us in a moment where time does not elapse, where paint does not dry.            Models: Susanne Knipper, Raphaële, and Lou Maria Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   COACH tiger print jacket, NIKE tank, DIESEL BLACK GOLD pants with leather and metal stitching detail, MCQ BY ALEXANDER MCQUEEN leather printed slides, and FOURTWOFOUR ON FAIRFAX chain, and earrings model’s own (worn throughout).     JIL SANDER jacket, HUDSON DENIM jeans, and 424 FAIRFAX necklace and chain.     JIL SANDER striped bomber jacket, HUDSON DENIM jeans, and FOURTWOFOUR ON FAIRFAX necklace and chain.     ISSEY MIYAKE HOMME plissé top, KTZ shorts, CALVIN KLEIN underwear, ADIDAS socks, RICK OWENS shoes, and A1437 rings.     ISSEY MIYAKE HOMME pleated top.      SAINT LAURENT BY HEDI SLIMANE jacket, HOUSE OF HOLLAND pants, STAMPD socks, and MCQ BY ALEXANDER MCQUEEN sandals.     BERNHARD WILLHELM coat.     CHRISTOPHER KANE printed button-up shirt, FRED PERRY t-shirt, sneakers, and socks, and MCQ BY ALEXANDER MCQUEEN pleated leather shorts.     LANVIN flower print top and AG jeans.     KENZO pantsuit, KENNETH COLE zip top, and BERNARD JAMES bracelet.     KENZO pantsuit and KENNETH COLE zip top.                 Location: Harvard House Motel, Los Angeles Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   KENNETH COLE jacket, plaid button down shirt, and leather boots, ALlSAINTS t-shirt, and stylist’s own jeans and belt.     KENNETH COLE blazer, turtleneck sweater, pants, and boots.                  A short history: Ancient Egyptian death masks, Persian trays and étagères, English Georgian era architectural detailing and coach door panels, 19th Century American paper canoes, and early 20th Century domes for observatories. Right after that, during WWII, papier-mâché was used to make fuel tanks for short range aircraft that were super-light and disposable so the planes could fly longer. On another frontline, the British constructed facsimiles of soldiers out of papier-mâché to draw sniper fire, and on American soil, the US Government put out ads such as this: UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT SEEKS INVENTIVE MYSTIFIERS! MAGICIANS TO THE FRONT Call for “Fakers” to Fool Germans—American Camouflage Corps Wants More Artists and Skilled Mechanics. A Chance for Adventure—Ingenious Men Make Dummy Cannon, Papier-Mache Horses, and  Other Means of Deceiving Enemy.*
 The American Camouflage Corps. was a huge success, and papier-mâché saved a ton of lives. Take that to your next craft fair cocktail hour. Or apply it to this season’s duds. Styling Assistant: Brooke Feder * Society of American Magicians Monthly, 1918. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   
        Film by Kristiina Wilson     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   THOMAS TAIT leather jacket, BRUNELLO CUCINELLI top, ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA corduroy trousers, and LOUIS VUITTON leather boots.     BEN SHERMAN blazer and VIVIENNE WESTWOOD silk dress with sequin detail.     SALVATORE FERRAGAMO butterfly embroidered check wool blazer and trousers, MOLLY GODDARD crocheted cardigan, and DANIEL W. FLETCHER cotton ribbed top.     J.LINDEBERG tweed blazer and studded belt, ED LEE floral shirt, and KENZO wool striped trousers.     BRIONI wool blazer, SAND COPENHAGEN cotton blouse, and ED LEE embroidered fabric (tied around waist).     DIOR sleeveless leather top.      BRUNELLO CUCINELLI double-breasted tweed suit, vintage lurex top available at Beyond Retro, London, and J.LINDEBERG pony hair belt.     PAUL SMITH double-breasted blazer, JAMES LONG cotton and denim appliqué jacket, and GUCCI trousers.                 Styling Assistant: Rebecca Davies. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Kali Darjeeling Necklace by nOir Jewelry, Crystal, multi safety pins and pearls bib necklace and bib necklace in rhodium, crystal and silver plate with epoxy resin by Tom Binns, Diva Pink gold necklace with amethysts, rubellites, and pave diamonds by Bulgari, Shanghai Necklace in 18k gold by Roberto Coin, Necklace in 18k white gold and diamonds and Trinity De Cartier Necklace in 18k rose gold, 18k yellow gold, 18k white gold, and diamonds by Cartier, Rope Necklace with Stones by Etro, fabric necklace by Missoni, Sita Darjeeling Earrings by nOir Jewelry, Graduated Cluster Cuff by Fallon, white crystal earrings with chains, rhodium, crystal and silver plate by Tom Binns, Chrysler Necklace and Many Spikes Mini Punk Bracelet by nOir Jewelry, and floral belt by Missoni. Candy necklace in rhodium, crystal, crystal pearl & silver plate with epoxy resin by Tom Binns, Tortoise bejeweled horn shaped earrings and Gold large link choker with bejeweled pendant by Etro, Patti Metal Mix Cuff Solid brass base plated in Gold and paved in cubic zirconia stones by nOir Jewelry, Cock & Tail Ring in Platinum with light purple kunzite stone by Chrome Hearts, Gold Skull Plexi Ball Pendant Necklace by Alexander McQueen, and brass bracelet by Saint Laurent by Hedi Slimane. Ombre de Charme Necklace in 18k white gold, cultured pearls, onyx, rock crystal and diamonds by Chanel Fine Jewelry, Silvertone Brass Double Knot Bracelets by Balenciaga, Signature Mini Pinky Ring with pave cognac diamonds in 18k white gold by David Yurman, “Ma Bague” yellow gold, diamonds and fuchsia tourmaline ring by Dior Fine Jewelry, ‘Sigillo’ black lava cameo hand-carved, set in oxidized sterling silver with black diamonds on a black agate band ring by Amadeo, and Yellow gold Lock-it necklace by Louis Vuitton.    The History Of Saints Is Mainly The History Of Insane People.  
        Photographed by Massimo Gammacurta     Photographer : Massimo Gammacurta at Gammacurta.com.
S tylist : Joshua Liebman at JoshuaLiebman.com.
 Prop stylist : Sarah Guido for HalleyResources.com.
 Retouching : Andi Kuonath at RedFishBlack.com.
 Location : Mica Studios at MicaStudiosNY.com. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   BELL & ROSS limited edition ‘br-x1 titanium’ watch in titanium and ceramic with rubber inserts, toggle push pieces, case back with tinted sapphire, crystal opening, transparent grey tinted mineral glass dial, skeletonized hour and minute hands, and appliqué index filled with super-luminova, and black weave rubber strap watch.     RADO ‘diamaster automatic’ 41 mm plasma high-tech ceramic watch with transparent case back, sapphire crystals, and leather strap.     AUDEMARS PIGUET ‘royal oak offshore chronograph’ watch in stainless steel case with ivory toned-dial and brown alligator strap.     CARTIER ‘ronde croisière de cartier’ 42mm watch in 18k rose gold and steel with ADLC coating and leather strap.     SHINOLA ‘the runwell’ stainless steel pocket watch with single curve sapphire crystal and argonite 1069 movement.     PIAGET ‘altiplano’ 38mm 900P watch in 18k rose gold on alligator strap. This the world’s thinnest hand-wound mechanical watch at 3.65mm in thickness.     SWATCH ‘disorderly’ watch with matte black dial and white super-luminova indexes and prints, three counters, date window in brushed stainless steel case, and leather strap with contrast white stitching.                 Makeup: Miriam Robstad for bryanbantry.com. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Left to right: ORLEY printed cotton zippered jacket and cotton pants and KENNETH COLE leather lace up boots. COACH leather biker jacket, cotton top, and leather skirt and ISABEL MARANT leather boots..      CHLOÉ knit wool fringe poncho and wool patchwork pants and JIMMY CHOO ‘james’ calf boots.     LOUIS VUITTON silk dress.       AMI wool coat, wool sweater, and wool pants, and KENNETH COLE leather boots.     Left to right: BURBERRY PRORSUM leather and lace dress with floral appliqué. PETER PILOTTO wool print dress.       COMME DES GARÇONS NOIR KEI NINOMIYA nylon 3d flower sleeveless vest and tulle layer skirt.       PACO RABANNE leather zip front vest, wool cape, and wool shorts. STUART WEITZMAN stretch vernice fever boots.     BAJA EAST shearling coat and wool sweater.     PRABAL GURUNG wool sleeveless front buttoning jumpsuit with sheer side panels and CHLOÉ leather lace up boots.     JASON WU felt wool parka, felt wool slit skirt, and leather belt.     TIM COPPENS wool sleeveless coat.     VÉRONIQUE BRANQUINHO sheer cotton long sleeve polo and long wool skirt and KENNETH COLE leather sneakers.     SONIA RYKIEL embroidered silk panel tunic top and cotton pants.     ROCHAMBEAU wool coat, printed cotton shirt, and printed windbreaker pants.                 Makeup: Alexis Williams for thebrooksagencynyc.com Beauty notes: CLARINS PARIS Skin Illusion in Sand and Beige, Mineral Loose Powder in Translucent, Eye Quartet Mineral Palette in Indigo, Rosewood and Nude; Be Long Mascara in Black, Joli Rouge Moisturizing Long Wearing Lipstick in Petal Pink, Orange Fizz and Raspberry, Rouge Ėclat in Tropical Pink and Pink Fuschia, and Gloss Prodige in Grenadine. TOM FORD BEAUTY Toasted Nail in Sugar Lacquer. ORIBE Gel Sérum and Sculpting Cream.    Grooming notes: PETER THOMAS ROTH Ultra-Lite Oil Free Face Lotion SPF 30 and High Performance Vitamin C Facial Serum. BUMBLE AND BUMBLE Bb Styling Crème and Bb Texture.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   PROENZA SCHOULER dress, WOLFORD socks, and ADIDAS slides.     LACOSTE bomber, SONIA BY SONIA pants, ERES bra, and LAURENCE DECADE shoes.     JIL SANDER pants, ERES bra, and PROENZA SCHOULER belt (worn as necklace).     SALLY LA POINTE coat, ALEXANDER WANG sweater T, and ASKA shoes.     YIGAL AZROUEL blouse and ERES briefs.     YIGAL AZROUEL blazer and JIL SANDER shirt.                 Makeup: Michael Cohen at michaltcohen.com Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Left to right: Double-breasted wool jacket by Ermenegildo Zegna Couture, Leather pants by John Varvatos, and Leather boots by Dsquared2. Cashmere sweater, Cotton tank top, Cotton skirt, and Leather platforms by Prada. Embellished tulle top and pants by Jason Wu. Left to right: Floral embroidered wool suit, Cotton button-down shirt, and Leather shoes by Dior Homme. Wool belted coat and Leather boots by Altuzarra. Left to right: Leather jacket by Giorgio Armani and Leather pants by Gucci. Mink wool crêpe dress by Bottega Veneta. Left to right: Shearling jacket and shearling pants by Hermès. Leather argyle embroidered dress by Valentino. Left to right: Mohair sleeveless turtleneck dress by Calvin Klein Collection. Cotton jacket and cotton pants by Dsquared2. 2014 Range Rover Autobiography LWB 5.0 Supercharged V8 by Land Rover.   Left to right: Wool and cashmere cardigan, Silk twill and lace pleated skirt by Givenchy, and Patent leather high boots by Jimmy Choo. Single-breasted cotton jacket, Cotton pants by Brioni, and Leather shoes by Giuseppe Zanotti. Left to right: Polyester-acetate jacket, Wool vest, Cotton button-down shirt, and Polyester-acetate pants by Comme des Garçons Homme Plus. Wool coat and Wool single-breasted pant-suit by Dior.   Left to right: Cotton hooded sweater with fur hood lining and Leather pants with panels by Givenchy. Jacquard high-waisted dress, Pleated cotton crewneck shirt, and Leather belt by Proenza Schouler. Left to right: Cheetah print goatskin top and skirt by TOM FORD. Wool vest by Ermenegildo Zegna Couture, Silk button-up print shirt and pants by Brioni. Left to right: Cashmere sweater, Cashmere sweatpants, Canvas sneakers, Cashmere scarf, Pearl necklace, and Leather purse by Chanel. Wool jacket with beaver hair panels and cotton pants by Lanvin and Leather boots by Dsquared2. Cotton patchwork dress by Fendi.    Fine, You Can Keep Fluffy and I Will Keep Château de Chenonceau  
        Photographed by David Agbodji     Photographer : David Agbodji at HeartofBullStudio.com.
 Models : Heidy de la Rosa for IMGmodels.com, N.Y. and Julian Schratter for SoulArtistManagement.com, N.Y.
 Hair : Anthony Joseph Hernandez for Wilhelmina.com.
 Makeup : Carlo Longo for ba-reps.com. Beauty Notes: Diorskin Poudre Libre Matte and Luminous Hydrating Loose Powder, Rouge 5 Couleurs Couture Colours and Effects Eyashadow Palette in Jardin, Versailles, Montaigne and Bar, 5 Couleurs Designer All-in-One Artistry Palette in Amber Design, Rouge Dior Couture Colour Voluptuous Care in Trafalgar, Darling, and Rose Caprice, Couture Colour Gel Shine and Long Wear Nail Lacquer in Pied-de-Poule, and Rose Tutu all by Dior. Stay Essential Finishing Spray, Mirror Polish Shine Serum, Sculpt Force Flubber Gel, and Keratin Boost LuxeOil by Wella Professional. Grooming Notes: Daily Moisture Defense Lotion Board Spectrum SPF 15 by Lab Series for Men. Bb City Swept Finish Spray by Bumble and bumble. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Location: The Echo Park Shallow Pool, Los Angeles. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Denim originates from French attempts to duplicate the “jeans” of Genoa, which were actually closer to today’s corduroys. Originally, the material is called “serge,” but the town of Nîmes, France, is credited as the birthplace, and serge will eventually become known as “denim,” or of Nîmes. American gold miners need clothes that are strong, and that do not tear easily. Jacob Davis has the idea of putting rivets on the stress points of workman’s overalls. He contacts Levi Strauss, and together, they receive patent number 139,121 for the “Improvement in Fastening Pocket-Openings.” The patent is the birth certificate of modern jeans. Lee Jeans are the first to use the zip fly instead of the button fly, creating an entirely new way for men to wince in pain. Cowboys in film (like John Wayne) popularize jeans, leading to a huge increase in people wearing jeans as everyday wear. Jeans are featured in Vogue for the first time, and they haven’t shut up about them since. American soldiers overseas during World War II introduce jeans to the world by wearing them while off-duty. Rosie the Riveter, a symbol for female empowerment during World War II, wears a denim shirt and a bandana in the famous “We Can Do It!” poster. Denim becomes popular with young people as the symbol of teenage rebellion in film and TV. In 1953, Marlon Brando dons them for The Wild One, and two years later, James Dean wears them in the classic film Rebel Without a Cause, marking the beginning of the greaser trend. Bing Crosby’s famous all-denim “Canadian tuxedo” is made for him by Levi Strauss & Co. in reaction to Crosby having been banned from a Vancouver hotel for wearing jeans. Marilyn Monroe is photographed in the garden of her Palm Springs home looking hot in nothing more than a simple denim tunic. A huge step for denim, moving it in a decidely sexy direction for women. “Jean Fever” begins in the USSR after Moscow hosts the World Festival of Youth and Students, where foreign students appear in fresh blue denim. The clothing becomes synonymous with the absence of freedom in the USSR leading to a ban on the material. Mary Quant + denim = the swinging denim mini skirt. Elvis Presley’s denim-clad hipshaking causes the devil to possess the children of the world. Rokotov and Faibishenko, two profiteers in the USSR, are sentenced to death for charges including “trafficking in jeans.” Bellbottoms on Jimi Hendrix send a message of free love. Elio Fiorucci introduces the Buffalo 70 jeans, credited with creating the concept of “designer jeans.” In 1976, Indian designer Mohan Murjani’s Murjani Corporation introduces a line with Gloria Vanderbilt’s name embroidered on the back pocket, as well as her swan logo. Her jeans were more tightly fitted than the other jeans of the time and brought designer jeans into the mainstream. Clad in Jordache flared jeans, the image of Farrah Fawcett freestyling on a skateboard launched the ’70s fitted and flared denim look. Sid Vicious wrote; “...Please bury me next to my baby. Bury me in my leather jacket, jeans and motorcycle boots. Goodbye.” In a Calvin Klein Jeans ad, a 15-year-old Brooke Shields provocatively declares, “You wanna know what comes between me and my Calvins? Nothing.” Magnum P.I. played by Tom Selleck, flaunts his high-waisted jeans, formidable moustache, and flaming Ferrari to ring in ’80s excess. Ronald Reagan, captured on camera in a full denim get-up at Camp David, John Travolta in Urban Cowboy, and The Dukes of Hazzard bring about a honky tonk, cowboy revival for denim. Also, big hats. The process of acid washing jeans was first used in 1985 by Rifle Jeans as a marketing tool, removing indigo dyes for a lighter, more worn look. This becomes the final word in denim for much of the American heartland. For her first cover as editor of Vogue, Anna Wintour outfits model Michaela Bercu in a pair of $50 jeans and a Christian Lacroix top. Guess Jeans signs Claudia Schiffer for their advertising campaigns, photographed by Ellen Von Unwerth. Kurt Cobain, Eddie Vedder, and other grunge superstars define the slacker era with their ripped, shredded jeans and questionable hair hygiene. Hip-Hop artists like Tupac Shakur, LL Cool J, and Method Man popularize sagging. Alexander McQueen debuts his infamous “bumster” jeans on the runway. Tom Ford designs a pair of feathered, beaded, and distressed jeans on the Gucci runway. When these “Genius Jeans” hit stores, they sell out instantly at $3,134 (the most expensive pair of contemporary jeans ever sold). Los Angeles-based brand 7 For All Mankind launches, commencing the premium brand denim trend, while Kate Moss begins the skinny jeans trend. Lovebirds Justin Timberlake and Britney Spears wear matching denim ensembles to the American Music Awards. Timberlake later regrets this move. We’re not sure why. A pair of 501 jeans manufactured in the 1880s is purchased by a Japanese collector in 2005 for $60,000, the most ever for a pair of jeans. In protest of the Belarusian president’s Soviet-like policies, activist Mikita Sasim raises his denim shirt as a symbol of Western culture, suggesting that it be Belarus’ flag instead. The protests are dubbed “The Jeans Revolution.” Katie Holmes wears husband Tom Cruise’s PRPS jeans, and the trend for the baggier “boyfriend” style comes back. Barack Obama wears a pair of ill-fitting “dad jeans” to throw out the first pitch of Major League Baseball’s All-Star Game, proving that dad jeans might be worse than mom jeans. Conan O’Brien wears a pair of Jeggings during the taping of Conan, the night after admitting his love for them to Project Runway’s Tim Gunn. Karl Lagerfeld presents his Chanel resort collection inspired by denim. Lagerfeld’s contributions to the denim world began 20 years earlier when he matched the iconic Chanel jacket with a denim miniskirt. Jeggings are entered into the Concise Oxford English Dictionary, a registered brand name owned by none other than ISKO. Denim’s place in the fashion world is solidified. The raw/dry denim explosion takes off with brands such as G-Star RAW, Nudie Jeans, Evisu, PRPS, Naked & Famous, and A.P.C. Denim dominating the spring runways of Céline, Derek Lam, and Stella McCartney. Lana Del Rey releases her hit single, “Blue Jeans,” which reaffirms denim’s place as an icon for a whole new generation of music lovers. Excessive skinny jean consumption causes US currency to become more expensive, since denim scraps are used for the manufacture of US dollar bills. The popularity of the jeans also leads to a global downturn in lunging exercises. Kim Kardashian brings back the Canadian Tuxedo, surprising all of us who never thought it left. Peak Skinny Jean: An Australian woman was hospitalized with temporary paralysis after her (very) skinny jeans cut off the flow of blood to her legs. Doctors were required to cut the jeans off the woman. The fate of the denim is unknown. The woman survived. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photo: Kevin Lu at frametasy.com     Photo: Kevin Lu at frametasy.com     Photo: Kevin Lu at frametasy.com     Photo: Kevin Lu at frametasy.com     Photo: Kevin Lu at frametasy.com     Photo: Kevin Lu at frametasy.com     Photo Courtesy SCAD     Photo Courtesy SCAD     Photo Courtesy SCAD     Photo Courtesy SCAD                  “Over the years,” says SCAD President Paula Wallace, “Oscar [de la Renta] took a personal interest in our students, donating materials and garments for research and inspiration, and hiring them as interns. This exhibition was a natural extension of that close relationship that I will forever cherish.” Although Laurie Ann Farrell, curator of the exhibition, spent the last year drawing inspiration from design exhibitions all over the world, she pointed to a specific exhibition, Drawing Fashion, which showed at the Design Museum in London in 2010 in terms of how the show should be arranged and put into context. “We looked to the garments first, and we had an understanding of what our different options were for the show, and we did a lot of research, and looking at how people have been showing fashion; we wanted a bit of a contemporary departure.” Although the show was a departure from the previous February's SCAD exhibition, which was curated by Talley, and organized into vignettes showing the garments in poses and environments as they might have been worn, SCAD FASH’s current exhibition is organized into rooms within the gallery space that reflect the mood of the clothes, and the era of de la Renta’s career that they represent. Starting with Taylor Swift’s imposing pink Met Gala dress from 2014, the viewer is plunged straight into the '60s with a cashmere day dress worn originally by C.Z. Guest, a timeless look that holds the distinction of being Farrell’s favorite from the collection. The museumgoer is shepherded through the decades, with a few famed gowns thrown in, (Sarah Jessica Parker’s velvet and duchesse satin evening dress from the Met Gala 2014, and the silk evening dress worn by Beyoncé in a 2013 Vogue cover being notables) before ending with what Farrell calls the “romance room” containing a silk embroidered wedding dress designed for his step-daughter, Eliza Reed Bolen, and the Marie Antoinette-inspired, Watteau-pleated gown worn by Kirsten Dunst on the cover of Vogue in 2006. Overlaying the impeccable garments are projections produced by SCAD alumni Whitney and Micah Stansell themed to every room, the “romance room” has an elegant grey hue, the ball gowns are paired with champagne bubbles and fireworks, and the FLOTUS looks are bathed in a regal golden light. The exhibition casts a wide angle on de la Renta’s oeuvre and influence—including the label’s first steps into the future under the auspices of Copping—fitting for a museum that is also a teaching space, where students are encouraged to examine the garments (under the supervision of Farrell). A documentary of the February exhibition, "Ovation for Oscar," plays in a well-appointed lounge area as you emerge from the show, created by SCAD students, faculty and alumni, and featuring Sloane Mayberry, a SCAD student at the time, who was chosen by Talley to assist in the preparations. Widely considered the “fashion capital of the South” the opening of SCAD FASH will surely secure that title with exhibitions as diverse as I Feel Ya: SCAD + André 3000 Benjamin, devoted to the fashion of André 3000, and Art x Fashion, opening this April, which will explore the intersection between art and design. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    L’AGENCE dress and US JEANS CO. jeans.       IRO sweatshirt, 34 HERITAGE mid-rise tapered jeans, and KELLY COLE belt.      A.L.C. dress, US JEANS CO. jeans, and HELMUT LANG belt.      SANDRO shirt and AGAVE ‘rocker’ jeans.      TAMARA MELLON shirt, DL1961 jeans, and J. SOUTHERN ring.      SANDRO shirt, ROBIN’S JEAN jeans, and CASSEDI shoes.      A.L.C. dress, DL1961 ‘nick’ jeans, and BALMAIN belt. HELMUT LANG jean jacket, COS turtleneck, DL1961 ‘russel’ jeans, and KELLY COLE belt.     US JEANS CO. jeans.      TAMARA MELLON shirt, DL1961 ‘nick’ jeans, and J. SOUTHERN ring.                  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   BRIANLICHTENBERG ‘fashion fiends’ muscle tee, denim shorts, ‘brian lichtenberg’ logo underwear, suede pumps, and ‘medusa’ beanie. Left to right: Brian’s own jacket, tank, pants, shoes, and hat. BRIAN LICHTENBERG ‘lichtenberg flame’ tank, PVC pencil skirt, suede pumps, and fur scarf. BRIANLICHTENBERG tencel faux fur coat, velvet glitter flared pants, and chain sandals. BRIANLICHTENBERG ‘west side patched’ crop sweatshirt, leather zip shorts, chain sandals, and fox fur striped scarf. BRIANLICHTENBERG shredded denim vest with star embellishment, ‘brian lichtenberg’ velvet logo bra with matching high-waisted shorts, and thigh high mesh boots. BRIANLICHTENBERG ‘medusa’ sweatshirt, sheer silk skirt, and python suede pumps.    Brian Lichtenberg  
        We Roved Around L.A. in a Minivan with the Charming Designer and He Told Us Where to Keep Roving     “I was always making, doing,” says Brian Lichtenberg, leaning out the passenger window of a Honda Odyssey as it rolls hard through Compton. The designer admits this morsel with a calm fondness. Over the years I’ve known him I’ve seen influences wax and wane, seen him create and modify trends, but he’s always been an artist. All the while so collected and cool, like some gentle business knight-errant. Lichtenberg has influences. They come in various spectacular forms, in place and idea. Los Angeles has had an uncountable influence on the designer, who started by making custom outfits for celebrity pillars such as Beyoncé, Ciara, Lady Gaga, and M.I.A. His streetwear line, BLTEE, which has seen widespread adoption among the fashion-set-with-a-sense-of-humor, utilizes the tropes of hi-brow with a lovingly subversive twist. Homiés South Central, Ballin Paris, and Féline Meow are a few of the cheeky nods emblazoned on his tees, hats, lighters, and sweatshirts. One could consider it part of a Lichtenbergian trinity of sorts: Los Angeles, pop, and sex appeal. His design aesthetic doesn’t rely on some basic algorithm to reach the masses. But we all have an origin story, and Brian Lichtenberg’s starts in Orange County. Growing up in SoCal, Lichtenberg was well aware of the proximity to Hollywood. At his high school, they shot legendary teen hits like Buffy the Vampire Slayer (1997-2003) and She’s All That (1999). “I was like, ‘why don’t they use us as the extras? Those people look old,’” Brian laughs. I ask him when it was that he first designed a garment and found himself pleased by the results. “When I first saw Björk it was over. I had never seen designs like that before; she was wearing this incredible look by Hussein Chalayan made out of Tyvek. I was like, uh, they have that at FedEx for FREE. I went and grabbed a ton. I cut the envelopes apart and sewed them into one big piece of material and cut a pattern.” Listening to Brian describe the gleeful ease with which he designed this first groundbreaking garment is like someone telling you they’ve never picked up a crossbow then proceeding to Game of Thrones the shit out of a target board. In college Lichtenberg took three levels of Japanese classes, and first went to Japan when he was 19. I asked him how the hell a 19-year-old affords a ticket to Japan, assuming this was a mom-funded venture. “No, I worked and saved my money,” Lichtenberg smiles. “So you were like…responsible?” I ask. “Yeah!” That same 19-year-old took to Manhattan to soak up all the delicious cult-y pop fashion vibes he could for a summer and a fall. He worked at legendary clothing boutique Hotel Venus, which had the attention of several celebrities. “Remember that amazing bustier Kelis wore in the “I Hate You So Much Right Now” video? She came in and bought that from me. She had two dudes with her texting on their BlackBerries while she shopped. I realized years later it was The Neptunes.” Lichtenberg had started making denim cuffs with denim spikes for the shop, but sewing and selling designs by hot imported Japanese labels like Hysteric Glamour, Clutch, and Ozone Community only kept the Cali boy in NYC till January. The colder it got, the less commission was made and his co-workers spent their time at work break dancing outside in the snow. Lichtenberg’s ticket back home came in the form of Gwen Stefani’s stylist who had him customize a denim tunic for the Empress of Rock to wear during her performance on The Late Show in 2006. “I ruined the grass dripping bleach on that dress. Sorry, mom!” he laughs as we dock the Odyssey at the W Hollywood before proceeding to the helipad. In 2010, the legendary shoulder pad revamp was born, being seen on everyone from a pre-Kanye Kim Kardashian rocking a ruby asymmetrical body con to Lindsay Lohan in a pewter glitter hooded dress. The designer, by this time firmly settled back in Los Angeles, continued his upward climb, designing and selling out of a Silver Lake Craftsman, and jumping out to Tokyo for inspiration every year. Shortly thereafter he showed a collection there, “When I had my first fashion show in Tokyo I really couldn’t believe it, it meant everything to me.” That Lichtenberg showed in Tokyo before New York is enough information in and of itself to understand the man’s modus operandi, and that he isn’t simply a West Coastian who aspires to someday make it on the East. He is from here, and for here, and we’re just fine with that. “When I started, everything I sewed by hand, the Compton thrift stores were a great source of inspiration. For the first several years of designing and selling i made everything myself so in all my collections I still want to interject a garment that has a real human touch to it.” “I’m attracted to the bold graphic nature of a construction site. I zone out and catch myself daydreaming driving around. The chaotic raw nature of the city, there’s so much construction! I’m always pulling ideas for shoots and garments from the city around me.” “The wide, vast landscape of Los Angeles is always a great location for a shoot. The helipad gives you access to so much of L.A. in one shot.” “I’m drawn to the Japanese aesthetic and design, its so clean, modern, fresh. Architecture packaging and advertising all of it! I especially love dipping into the Japanese book stores they’re a huge source of inspiration.” “Hollywood glamour has a laid-back sensibility to me. Part hippy vibe part surf skate athletic culture. Thats why I love it, its more relaxed than other major cities.” Special Thanks: Ray Omaña González. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   ROSETTA GETTY fluid satin cross front top, slim flared stretch cady trousers, velvet slingback heels, and fox fur neckwarmer.      ROSETTA GETTY cashmere merino cropped sweater, mercerized cotton rib turtleneck, floral silk wool tapestry trousers, and velvet slingback heels.     ZAID AFFAS triacetate highneck gown and GIANVITO ROSSI  thigh high boots.     ZAID AFFAS sleeveless v-neck textured mohair coat and mohair knit turtleneck, and GIANVITO ROSSI thigh high boots.       CERRE ‘vorian’ wool button-up shirt and ‘istian’ wool pants, ROBERT CLERGERIE loafers, and vintage silk tie.       CERRE ‘emeraldas’ silk dress, ROSETTA GETTY velvet boots, and vintage silk tie.     CATHERINE QUIN silk blouse and ‘sullivan’ calf skin skirt and vintage ring and earrings worn throughout.       CATHERINE QUIN ‘okura’ silk jumpsuit, vintage turtleneck, and ROSETTA GETTY mules.     MOË ALIONA KONONOVA cotton plisse turtleneck with extra long sleeves, leather skirt, and GIANVITO ROSSI suede lace-up boots.     MOË ALIONA KONONOVA leather overall dress, vintage bodysuit, and NEWBARK shearling slides.        RAQUEL ALLEGRA suit, vintage turtleneck, and ROSETTA GETTY velvet clogs.                   Rosetta Getty’s career in fashion began early, with her modeling from the age of fourteen. She has since gone on to become a taste-maker in the world of cultured Hollywood glamour. Her first collection was in high-end children’s wear, with her Rosetta Millington label, before creating the eveningwear and couture brand Riser Goodwyn. Her namesake label launched in 2014 and uses sumptuous materials and fabrics to create an elegant, modern wardrobe for the intelligent, artistic woman. She is stocked in many of the best boutiques internationally, including Saks Fifth Avenue and Harvey Nichols.  We have worked with mills from Italy, France, Switzerland, England, Japan, and India. It’s fun and exciting to see the way technology evolves and makes them more specialized. Every season I return to some key fabrics that have become foundational to the brand identity. For example, I always include one beautiful, drapey satin. Weave, technical construction, and hand are all important components. I pay close attention to finishing and incorporate double face splittable fabrics into all collections. Functionality is also essential so I balance more sophisticated fabrics with basics like cotton poplin and casual stretch suitings. I’m always working to find an unusual, modern approach to traditional fabrics. I’ve stayed in L.A. because it feels like home. I grew up here and it’s where I raised my four children. I’m inspired by the creative moment L.A. is having right now with art and fashion. I feel lucky to live here and be a part of that. I always take time to meditate. Also, I drink lots of tea. It’s the simple things that feel most important to me. I love tunics for easy dressing. The cotton poplin diamond knot tunic shirt from S/S15 is my current favorite. I wore it throughout my vacation in Italy this summer. Anything that reflects my personal style while still remaining functional is attractive to me in my downtime.   Hailing from Britain, Central Saint Martins graduate Zaid Affas’ star is migrating swiftly to the firmament. Affas relocated to Los Angeles, and launched his eponymous brand in 2014 after stints with labels including Ports 1961, and Polo Ralph Lauren. His elegant modern designs couple sharp tailoring with strong shapes and graceful architectural lines. His new collection is highly covetable and employs a rich variety of fabrics. A career opportunity at the time brought me to L.A. from New York City. It was an interesting experience that led me to begin consulting for several brands worldwide yet maintaining my base in L.A. The light in L.A. is always inspiring, the mixture of nature with great examples of modern architecture in clear light. I also find people in L.A. inspiring as they are extremely open to new ideas and are forward thinking, it’s very freeing. It really was a great learning experience. I fully learned how to develop a brand and lifestyle, to build a world starting in design to the end experience within a flagship store. It’s very important of a designer brand to know who and what they are, and know exactly how to project that. I don’t think in regards to the pure exercise of design and design ideas it influences me, but working there, and being exposed to a wealth of garments from so many different eras was an invaluable experience. You need to know the past, the tradition of how and why clothing is designed in a specific way to be able to design new things for the future. A lot, and yes. An architect. Too many for others, not enough for myself. Clearing my desk after completing each project/task, and before starting the next.   Cerre was founded in 2005 by married duo Clayton and Flavie Webster. Their leather work has been highly praised, and their edgy jackets and stylish bags adorned Rooney Mara in The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo. Based in Los Angeles where they have their own boutique, Cerre’s collections combine French elegance with effortless Californian style. Flavie Webster answered our questions.   The history of the material and the fact that it is classic. I am also very sensitive to the touch and the smell of leather so it all made sense for me. It always felt familiar. Really: the lifestyle. I also like all the different types of people, the landscapes, and of course the weather. California and Los Angeles have a special way to inspire. So many people create here and you can get weird. For me it’s a very contradictory place compared to France—and I love contradictions. My electronic eraser, it was a gift and I seriously love it. The proximity, it’s very far from my family and Europe in general. When I sleep, I create in my dreams. My swimsuit, because it means we are going to the beach!  Catherine Quin is an L.A.-based British designer. Beginning her career as a lawyer working in London, Quin moved to Los Angeles in 2012 to gain experience with Vena Cava. Working exclusively in black, her debut 2015 collections have championed simple, graceful designs.  My minimalist approach is shaped by both my surroundings and my personal experience of bridging life between L.A. and London. The constant travel and contrasting climates inform the pared back aesthetic and my desire to create a versatile and pragmatic collection that transcends occasion, weather, and culture. I love the contrast of the clean, black silhouettes of my collection with the sunshine and blue skies of L.A. Equally, the collection’s sleekness and functionality works well with the urban and often industrial environment of London. Ensuring my designs can be worn as easily in L.A. as they are in London informs my approach to each new season. I love the lifestyle L.A. affords. I live surrounded by nature in the hills, with two walls of windows overlooking the city. The isolation gives me the time and space to be creative and enables me to develop my own vision, uninterrupted. Architecture is a significant part of the L.A. experience and one of my biggest influences. From the mid century homes of Richard Neutra to the minimalist landmarks such as Richard Meier’s Getty Center I’m constantly inspired by L.A.’s eclectic architectural landscape. Between 12 AM and 2 AM when the rest of the world goes quiet. The taco trucks downtown.   Aliona Konovova produces distinctive avant garde designs that playfully match color and shape, with timeless elegance. After graduating from the Istituto Europeo di Design in Milan, the Russian designer completed an internship with Salvatore Ferragamo, before heading up the creative office at Denis Simachev in Milan. In 2009 she launched the brand MOË Aliona Kononova, and in 2013 she moved to Los Angeles. Kononova was the winner of Stephen Jones’ millinery competition in 2011 with her incredible dandelion hat.  I was coming back and forth for the last couple of years, but now I can say I am officially based here. I feel it’s a very special time for L.A. The concentration of creative people is very high. The art community is thriving, world famous designers started to come to L.A. to show their collections. Inspiration is in the air. There are two sides of fashion for me. One side is a creative process; developing new shapes, drawing, cutting and experimenting with materials. It is a lot of fun and I want to share this emotion with customers. On the other side there are the production, sales, and marketing that actually make the fashion brand work. It’s a big and complex machine that doesn’t give second chances. My first fashion injury was during an unforgettable experience at Stephen Jones in London while I was learning millinery; I have never thought that blocking a hat is hard physical labor. My hands were scratched all over and I got burned, but an ability to create that beauty was definitely worth it! I dreamt of being a surgeon. Growing up, I was changing the eyes in my toys, cutting, and completely remodeling them. Now I understand those were my first attempts in designing and pattern making. One of my favorite rituals is fitting with dolls. Every time I have an idea, I create a little garment just to see how it drapes; it’s much easier for me to think in three dimensions.   Born in Berkeley, CA to artisan parents, Allegra’s career has embraced highly original designs including experiments with oversized vintage Ts recycled from the Los Angeles County Prison System. Her label is currently stocked in over 200 boutiques internationally, including Barneys New York, and Liberty of London. “My California” embodies a childhood spent in our vegetable garden wearing Nasturtium garlands in my hair, eating fresh-picked salads with my hands—warm tomatoes from the vine with a pinch of salt. It was perfect, earthly simplicity. I think my collection has a similar simplicity to it, simple shapes, humble and classic fabrics washed and softened that feel like “home.”  I design for women who just like me want to be comfortable and casual yet chic. I am pretty sure that I couldn’t do what I do anywhere but Los Angeles. My creative process is very “hands on” and collaborative. From the very beginning, nine years ago, I started working with a tie-dye artist who has been the passionate technical side of my tie-dye development. I’ve followed him from one dye house to another so as long as he is in Los Angeles I will be here. 34. None. I just make it up as I go! I am allergic to pineapples. My riding jodhpurs. Retouching: Jay Oligny. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographer: Louis Canadas at louiscanadas.com. Photographer: Louis Canadas at louiscanadas.com. Photographer: Louis Canadas at louiscanadas.com. Photographer: Louis Canadas at louiscanadas.com. Photographer: Louis Canadas at louiscanadas.com. Photographer: Louis Canadas at louiscanadas.com. Photographer: Louis Canadas at louiscanadas.com.    72 and Money  
         The Photographer for This Feature, a European, Had His Thighs Sunburnt on the Back of a Borrowed Vespa While Traipsing SoCal in Search of Angelyne and These Six Creators in Their Spaces     The cashmere-centric line was founded by Greg Chait in 2007 because he wanted an “awesome” blanket. Since then he has expanded into mens and womenswear, children’s toys, and of course, blankets. This is, in my opinion, the greatest challenge in all of design.  How does one get simplicity right?  Really tough, but when it’s “right” it’s the most beautiful pinnacle. I wanted to be a combo of James Bond (Sean Connery), meets Top Gun (Maverick obviously), meets Minor Threat, meets Beastie Boys. David Fincher. I wear the same stuff to work as I do on my day off. The two sisters from Mexico City, Gabriela and Tere, have run this jewelry design studio together since 2010. Inside the studio we have great respect for each other’s time, if we need to ask a question or for help we always say, “When you have time can you help me with this?” For us it is important to understand that we both have a lot of things to do. When we are out of the studio we just hang, literally just hang around all day together with no pressure. Oldies: Nina Simone and Max Richter. Blue Bottle, Alfred In The Alley, Coffee Commissary. Making coffee, and when a song we like plays, we sing it together. The model and milliner has run Nick Fouquet Hat Co. out of his Venice-based studio since 2011. It’s spontaneous and moves me in the moment. There’s no rhyme or reason, just a feeling. I don’t sketch a hat out before I start, I have a general idea of direction and start going, if an accident happens I always stop and look at it as a gift to maybe do something radically different. I wait and pray for mistakes. Otis Redding on loop. In the morning reading, writing, and meditating sets my work day up. Early Morning. National Geographic photographer. David Bowie, duhh. The leather goods designer started in 2008 in response to a lack of chic laptop cases. Since then she has opened four stores, is carried in over 300 outlets and through her factories, creates more jobs in Southern California every day. I constantly go back to the nature of California. The beautiful indoor/outdoor lifestyles that we all lead, and the beautiful parks that we all have. I was contacted by a woman who had a bag company that she had closed about ten years previously, she invited me to her warehouse to go look at the leather and I fell in love with this one very natural vegetable-tanned Italian leather that she had, and so I initially just bought one skin and I brought it home with me and that’s when I created the Tropezienne; it was inspired by the actual material that I was playing around with. Proof Bakery for coffee and lunchtime baguette sandwiches. Jackie O. for sure. Co-founder Robert Keith of Los Angeles-based rebel jewelry studio Hoorsenbuhs along with partner Kether Parker since 2006. Not really. Relationships can be stressful in general. We wish everyone the best of luck. The first 30 minutes after my first sip of coffee in the morning. A bank robber/cowboy. David Blaine. With clients like LeBron James, Brad Pitt, and Janelle Monáe, the Californian cordwainer has been creating custom footwear out of Orange County since the mid-1990s. I was taught the basics of shoe making by a gentleman named Emigdio Canales. Over the years I have had many mentors, who have taught me things that range from last/shoe mold developing, understanding quality of leather hides to different shoe making techniques. To this day I’m still learning about shoe making. I prefer dinners, because people aren’t typically in a rush to leave. Dinners are at the end of our day and we can relax and enjoy the good food and great company. For me it’s not a time of day, it has more to do with when I’m by myself at my studio. During work hours I deal with the daily issues of production, PR, sales, etc. When I’m by myself I can focus solely on what I love most about my job, which is developing new ideas. For sure David Bowie, one of my all time favorite songs is “China Girl.” Making sophisticated, luxury footwear out of her Los Angeles atelier, Sydney Brown uses only eco-friendly animal-free materials. The access to diverse and exquisite landscapes is unbelievable. Within an hour drive or so, you can be at the beach, in snowcapped mountains or in the vast deserts! Working on the shoes every day is my most important ritual. I almost enter a trance-like state, as there is so much repetitive action and the attention to detail must be so strong. I think of it like grooming a horse, as the rider and horse create powerful bonds with each other during the grooming process. I feel the same way with the shoes in that it creates a feeling of connectedness before sending them off on their adventures. Late in the evening, for sure. When my mind is relaxed, I have the most creative output. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   BOGA pants, and GENTS ‘carbon’ cap.     BOGA jacket, shirt, tie, vest, and jeans, and GENTS ‘mack’ cap.     Left to right: BOGA jacket, shirt, tie, vest, and jeans, and GENTS ‘taylor’ cap. TOPSHOP romper, IRENE NEUWIRTH earrings, GIANVITO ROSSI shoes, and GENTS ‘nightrider’ cap.                      Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                                       Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   
        Film by Richard Gerst     The shoe maketh the man, the vicious maketh the dance. LeeAnet Noble and Flaunt present Steps in Fashion: a tour of the Rise of Sneaker Culture Exhibition at the Brooklyn Museum, on view until October 4th.
Featuring clothing and footwear from the Rick Owens SS14 collection, on display at the exhibit. Film by Richard Gerst at gerstvisuals.com. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                        Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                       Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                            Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Christian Siriano SS16  
        Backstage & First Looks 
New York Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2016     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Idan Cohen SS16  
        Backstage & First Looks 
New York Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2016     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Alexander Wang SS 2016  
        Backstage & First Looks 
New York Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2016     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Sally LaPointe SS16  
        Backstage & First Looks 
New York Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2016, Skylight Modern      Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Claudia Li Spring 2016  
        Backstage  
New York Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2016     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                             Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Xinyue Zhang  Xinyue Zhang  Xinyue Zhang  Xinyue Zhang  Xinyue Zhang  Xinyue Zhang  Yifei Liu  Yifei Liu  Yifei Liu  Yifei Liu  Yifei Liu  Yifei Liu  Yifei Liu  Yifei Liu     I just want to be held and understood but maybe my language is from the future  
        Two Glasgow School of Art's Master of Design Fashion & Textiles Graduates present their collections, on the eve of the annual Promenade     "My collection is about combining numerous texture and colours by using different embroidery techniques and textiles. My inspirations mostly come from contemporary art, patterns and photographs. However, I cannot define my garments only based on my inspirations because what I always want to do is to combine different textures and colours based on my individual identity. So this collection shows my personal interests as well. The silhouettes are oversized and free cut such as wide-legged trousers, wrap skirts, and big scarves. Even though this is a fall/winter collection, I’ve also used see-through fabric in order to show multiple textures in different looks, and I’ve worked with lots of faux fur, mohair, wool and a little bit of leather. Some of the garments feature beads on fabric, showcasing one my specialties: embroidery." "The concept behind my collection is “time”. I’ve used three elements to express this concept. The first one is decay: I buried some fabrics and garments under soil so they could communicate with nature, and after some days, the resulting fabrics and garments could express “time”. The second one is "shelf life": I watched a film called Chungking Express. It is about love story in which the hero thought love is like the inside of the supermarket with a shelf life. I was very moved by a line of this film - “The password is love you for 1000 years." It really inspired me so I decided to do some research about shell life in supermarkets. I’ve use flocking and embroidery to create some text work in my collection representing shelf life. The last element is germiculture:I conducted different experiment on cultures of bacteria. Bacteria, like all expired or dead things, or any other kind of living form can be associated to the concept of “time”. I used felt in my final collection to represent the texture of bacteria." Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Image from The Eye and the Mind, Autumn 2015, Iskool: Couture Denim by Meg Sparks. Courtesy Isko, Istanbul. Courtesy Isko, Istanbul. Image from The Eye and the Mind, Autumn 2015, Iskool: Couture Denim by Meg Sparks. Courtesy Isko, Istanbul. Image from The Eye and the Mind, Autumn 2015, Iskool: Couture Denim by Meg Sparks. Courtesy Isko, Istanbul.    Isko’s Blue Horizon  
        I Went to Sea and Became a Sailor Because It Was in My Jeans     
    The Marlin is a blue water fish, a “pelagic”—meaning it lives neither near the bottom, nor the shore. It does not stay fixed in one place revisiting the same opportunity, but cruises the vastness of the ocean, always with an eye out for what’s next. Being one of the world’s leading denim manufacturers and suppliers requires a similar boldness for swimming into the blue—it requires constant innovation. “Innovation,” says Marco Lucietti, Global Marketing Director of ISKO—the global denim giant—“is anything that makes the lives of people better, and it is finding something that people and consumers have not yet found on the market. Innovation is about being able to interpret the unspoken needs of the consumer and to put [products] on the marketplace that they would like to buy, and products that they didn’t think to buy two years ago, but which now are available due to innovation.” A Blue Ocean Strategy is one that mimics the behavior of the Marlin. It’s a concept that was developed in 2005 by W. Chan Kim and Renée Mauborgne, and it argues that instead of spending time and energy competing with the businesses in your same patch of the sea, a company should look outwards into the blue, and work towards creating new markets by exploiting an otherwise empty area. It is a concept that has been immensely popular in Silicon Valley—Apple being a seminal example of a company that develops new products which create their own entirely new market in the process. It’s a tactic that avoids competition in the “red” water where resources are scant, but that directs the effort of the company towards a “blue,” or less heavily populated part of the sea, where the company can exist sustainably. ISKO is one of the biggest fish in the red water, and plays a role in the production of a third of global denim sales—one pair of jeans out of every three passes through their factories at some point—yet time and again ISKO continues to expand out into the blue water. They work from a crossroads, dominating an established market, yet at the same time forging ahead into entirely new markets. It is easy to see that their home base is an ideal location for this sort of ambidextrous venture—ISKO is based in Istanbul, the historical gateway between the East and the West. “ISKO is a novelty because we have our cradle in a historical city,” says Marco Lucietti over the phone from his office in Milan, “I like to make a comparison—if you remember, the Florence of the 15th century, you have Michaelangelo, you had Machiavelli, intellectuals going to Florence in the 15th century because they found the right place to express themselves. It was financing, painting, and culture, and so on. I guess that this is more or less the same place, we have a very international team of people.” ISKO’s journey into textiles began back in 1904.  Over the 20th century the company grew ever-larger, and in 1989 opened the world’s largest single-space denim manufacturing plant—a facility that produces 250 million meters of fabric per year—if stretched from the earth, this would reach almost two-thirds the distance to the moon. ISKO pursues many space age innovations, with its latest including POP Stretch technology—a 100% cotton that feels more like silk, and Scratch’n Jean—the first three dimensional denim that allows for infinite customization.  ISKO has also launched Arquas—a research platform to drive innovation in high performance sports and fitness apparel. Lucietti has been with ISKO for five years. During his tenure at the Turkish business-to-business firm he has seen dramatic change, not least in the fields of branded textiles. You might think that with such a strong dominance in the red water—selling a material that has a place in almost every person’s closet—ISKO would be content to keep doing what works and to resist innovation, but in fact they embrace and thrive on it, pushing the market into everything from Jeggings—super-stretch denim style leggings, to Bluejym—comfortable denim style exercise wear. While the Marlin stays ahead of its competitors with speeds greater than 50 miles an hour, it still competes against a formidable pantheon of predators like the Mako shark. Similarly, while ISKO stays in the lead with its ingenuity, competition in the global market remains fierce. “In a theoretical point of view,” Lucietti says in response to a query about staying in the lead, “As far as competition is fair, the question is, ‘What is the competition?’ In a market where 90% of the case is fair competition, it drives the market in a better direction. [Our] market is a very competitive environment and competition adds to the quality of the market, and leads us to develop a better product for consumers.” Ecosystems are indeed strengthened through competition. In the denim industry, by competing in a strong marketplace, the overall demand is enhanced, and the capacity to individualize the product is greater. “Community benefits from individuality,” Lucetti points out, “because at the end of the day, we have to keep the individuality of each person, and satisfy their needs as individuals. But such an individuality can’t take place without the community working for the same goal, so there must be a business direction. If we see individualism as a need driving innovation, then we must consider the individual as a part of a community.” ISKO fosters competition and community through its I-Skool program, which is a division of their R&D branch, “Creative Room.” Each summer for the last two years in Milan, ISKO sponsors a creative and marketing competition for fashion students to demonstrate their talents at finding new blue water, and win an internship at ISKO or one of its affiliate companies. “The times we are living are the times for ingredient brands.” Lucietti muses, “Today, with the availability of information you have on the web, consumers are willing to understand why they are paying money for a premium product. And one of the main reasons to justify the premium of the garments on top of brand loyalty, is to explain the stuff of which garments are made of. It is fabric at the end of the day, if you are able to explain that your premium pricing is thanks to premium ingredients, I guess that is what we are trying to do now.” Although the Jegging market is no longer the blue water it was—with other brands bustling into the space—and although some reports are claiming the skinny jean is “over,” ISKO has repeatedly succeeded in finding the bluest water in an ocean of denim. Advocates of this bluest of oceans, Kim and Mauborgne write that: “When imitation requires companies to make changes to their whole system of activities, organizational politics may impede a would-be competitor’s ability to switch to the divergent business model of a blue ocean strategy.” ISKO has succeeded in avoiding the pitfalls of the imitation game, and continues to rely on their capacity to innovate to stay ahead, deep out in the blue. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    The boy is one of the stylish attendees of Capsule, the fashion and lifestyle trade event, which last month presented seven noteworthy labels from around the globe. The brands--among them Baartmans & Siegel, Blackfist, Camo, Cmmn Swdn, Maiden Noir, Second Layer, and Matthew Miller--represent a mélange of some of the most innovative contemporary menswear drawing from different sources of inspiration, including “small traditional Italian workshops” and “non-gender aesthetics.” The entire proceeding was handily documented by documented and shot by Robert Gallardo for Project Cobalt, a film, fashion and technology collective that "Thrives on new energy," in a grainy VHS docu-style film. Next week, Capsule is continuing their good work in the city of sin for one of the fabulous expos happening during Las Vegas Fashion Week. Sunglasses: Likely. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    The highly anticipated exhibit showcasing the collaboration of art and fashion will not be the first time that these two worlds have made visually aesthetic magic. The new exhibition will now be complied amongst a group of previous year compelling exhibitions that commemorate iconic style; including the Alexander McQueen exhibit featured at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, and “Iris in Paris,” a fashion exhibition at the Parisian department store Le Bon Marché Rive. Visitors can expect the walls of the second floor contemporary space decked out in wardrobe driven pieces that include notable designs by the likes of Levi’s 501s, the Casio watch, and the Little Black Dress. The institutions senior curator of the Department of Architecture and Design, Paola Antonelli had this to say about the new exhibition in a recent blog entry on the MoMA’s website— "Historically, the museum has deliberately chosen not to engage with fashion in its galleries or its repositories, wary of those most anti-modern terms with which it is often derided: ephemeral, seasonal, faddish." Fashion enthusiast and art historians alike have the opportunity to enjoy a pre-art turnup as it was also revealed that the exhibition's launch event will be held sometime in May 2016. Photo via The Museum of Modern Art Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Robert Geller Spring 2016  
        Backstage and First Looks 
New York Men's Fashion Week SS16     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                            Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Carlos Campos Spring 2016  
        New York Men's Day SS16 Presentations     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Shearling and wool sweater by Fendi.     Embroidered dress by Korovilas, Sandals by Nike, and Necklace and ring by Lisa Jenks.     Wool sweater by Isabel Marant and button-front Denim skirt by Blanknyc.     Sleeveless denim dress by Kenzo and earrings by Lisa Jenks.     Bonded jersey sleeveless crop top by Proenza Schouler and High Waist denim pants by Band of Outsiders.     Sweater and skirt by Rebecca Minkoff.     Blouse by Elizabeth and James, Suede leather skirt by Chloé, and ‘Super Duper Strenth’ sunglasses by Karen Walker Eyewear.     Crochet web print chiffon dress by Anna Sui, Open toe fringed knee high boots by Rebecca Minkoff, and Necklace by Lisa Jenks.     Thistles and birds printed silk crêponne long sleeve dress with raw-cut fabric ruffles by Gucci and ‘Orbit’ sunglasses by Karen Walker Eyewear.     Thistles and birds printed silk crêponne long sleeve dress with raw-cut fabric ruffles by Gucci and ‘Orbit’ sunglasses by Karen Walker Eyewear.     Denim parka with shearling lining and fur trim by Band of Outsiders, denim jumpsuit by Guess, and Rings by Lisa Jenks.                 Styling Assistant: Angel Macias. Beauty Notes: Flash Rinse 1 Minute Facial and Evercalm global protection day cream by Ren Clean Skincare and Fresh glow luminous fluid base in Nude Radiance and Lip & Cheek Bloom in Peony by Burberry. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Mesh tee Dress by Alexander Wang. Luminous Effect Brightening Serum by Amore Pacific, lip pencil in burgundy by M.A.C Cosmetics, and Le Marc lip Creme in Blow by Marc Jacobs.     Dress by BOSS, Top by Duskii, Shoes by Y-3, Belt by Lacoste, and arm bands by VPL. Thermal Gel Eye Mask by Soothera, 5 Couleurs eyeshadow in Tutu by Dior, and Lip Maestro in Tibetan Orange by Giorgio Armani.     Dress by Christopher Kane, bodysuit by Lisa Marie Fernandez, striped socks by Joseph, and sheer socks by We Love Colors. Hydro Cool Firming Eye Gels by Skyn Iceland and Rouge Dior Brillant in Bonheur by Dior.     Dress by Proenza Schouler, top by DSquared2, and swimsuit by Norma Kamali. Jasmine and Lily Healing Mask by Chantecaille, mascara in Black Ecstasy by Giorgio Armani, Pro Longwear Waterproof Brow Set in Emphatically Blonde by M.A.C Cosmetics, and Velvet Matte Lip Pencil in Bolero by Nars.     Leather Pants by Loewe, swimsuits by Karla Colletto, bra by Eres, socks by We Love Colors, and shoes by Joseph. Miracle 24 Face Treatment Mask by Bioxidea and Rouge Allure Velvet Lipstick in La Romanesque by Chanel.     Shirt by Pringle of Scotland, skirt by Coach, and bra by VPL. Peel off mask by Makari de Suisse, and Lip Tar Matte in Rollergirl by Obsessive Compulsive Cosmetics.     Shirt by Pringle of Scotland, shorts by Costume National, and bra by Eres. Peel Off Mask by Makari de Suisse and Effortless Mascara in Midnight Black by Burberry and Lip Tar Matte in Rollergirl by Obsessive Compulsive Cosmetics.     Dress by Tom Ford, socks by Joseph, and shoes by Jimmy Choo. Luminizing Black Mask by Boscia and Le Marc Lip Creme in Goddess by Marc Jacobs.                 Location: Shio Studio, Brooklyn at ShioStudio.com. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Cotton button down shirt, Cotton panel with Velcro sides, and Cotton pants by Givenchy.       Cotton bomber jacket with embellishments and Cotton jumpsuit by Louis Vuitton.       Rayon coat by Fendi and Cotton striped sweater by Dior Homme.       Windbreaker jacket, shirt, and Corduroy pants by Tom Ford.       Leather coat by Prada.       Leather coat by Berluti, silk button-up shirt by Christopher Kane, and Cotton shorts by Hermès.       Short sleeve mesh jacket with high armhole, Cotton button-down short sleeve shirt, Low rise skinny mesh shorts,  and Cotton tie by Thom Browne.       Cotton jacket by Calvin Klein Collection and Cotton sweatpants and Leather boots by Maison Margiela.     Cotton high waist sweat pants by Bottega Veneta.       Sleeveless mesh top and Cotton slim fit pants by Raf Simons.                 Groomer: Adam Markarian for BryanBantry.com. Grooming Notes: Anti-Age Moisturizer and High-Performance Vitamin C Facial Serum by Clinique for Men and Gold Lust Hair Oil, Sculpting Cream, and Gold Pomade by Oribe     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      The Thorn Should Never Crave the Rose  
        Photographed by Yu Tsai      Still Life Photography: 88Phases.com Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Sleeveless shearling Coat by Thomas Wylde, denim ‘The Robyn’ Jacket and silk ‘The Meadows’ tunic by AG, and ‘Finn Skinny Ankle’ Jeans by Joe’s Jeans.     Fur Coat by Thomas Wylde and fur and leather wedge Sandals by Dries Van Noten.     Cropped Jacket by honor, cotton short sleeve shirt by Zadig & Voltaire, and ‘Jimmy Jimmy’ patched Jeans by Paige.     Oversized chunky knit Sweater by Acne Studios and Shirt and button-up Jeans by G-Star RAW     Cotton Shirt by Prabal Gurung and high waisted denim pants by J Brand.     Coat by Ström and beaded silk Dress by Jason Wu.     Fur Vest by Thomas Wylde, Jacket by Tommy Hilfiger, and high waisted denim pants by J Brand.     Dress by Calvin Klein collection and merino shearling slide Sandals by Edun.     Open front cotton Coat, silk burette ‘Tirman’ top, and cotton pleated midi Skirt by The Row and merino shearling slide Sandals by Edun.     Shirt Dress by Rag & Bone, frayed edge Jeans by Siwy, and fur and leather wedge Sandals by Dries Van Noten.     Knit Top, Silk crêpe bra, and White pop chip earring with palladium finish by Louis Vuitton.     Coat by Belstaff, cotton Pants by Tommy Hilfiger, and faux fur platform Sandals by Dries Van Noten.     Top and culottes by Elizabeth and James and fur and leather wedge Sandals by Dries Van Noten.     Fur Vest by Thomas Wylde, and Jacket by Tommy Hilfiger.     Vest, perforated cotton top, and crinkled crêpe culottes by McQ Alexander McQueen and fur and leather wedge Sandals by Dries Van Noten.     Lamb leather Dress with perforations by Proenza Schouler and faux fur platform Sandals by Dries Van Noten.                   Beauty Notes: Perfection Lumière Velvet Smooth-Effect Makeup by Chanel. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   
        What We Talk About When We Talk About A/W '15.      Fashion month drew to a long, leisurely close last week and now we're doing what one does after any change of season: we're reflecting. Trends, those moments of collective consciousness, mirror the mood of our society: history allows that at times we are lustful, conservative, harried, mourning--and then these feelings  find their way into our fire alphets. What then, does dusty rose say about us? A quick Pinterest search suggests an obsession with vintage weddings, but these hues (volleying from powder pink to a rich salmon), were downright wearable this season. On the men's side: pleated pants and silk kimono blouses on the runway at Duckie Brown. On the women's: fringed skirts at J. Crew, long coats at Kate Spade, and full color-blocked and monochromatic offerings at Daniel Silverstain and Jonathan Simkhai. The look found itself popping right off the runway and on to the biting, grey, New York City streets. A photo posted by Athena Calderone (@eyeswoon) on Feb 12, 2015 at 6:42am PST We imagine this woman scurrying quickly across the concrete foundations of the city, like an impressionistic offering at the tail end of a cherry blossom festival, the wind blowing stained petals through Bryant Park. If nothing else, the hue offered a reprieve: the hope for a moment of spring in a future winter. </p>
<p>A little impracticality found its way into beauty: hair was scraped back and sleek on the Diesel runway, voluminous and towering at A Detacher, precariously balanced at Daniel Silverstain, wrangled into submission with several accessories at Prada. A video posted by Hervé Léger by Max Azria (@herveleger) on Feb 14, 2015 at 9:53am PST Also, see: this YS Park Metal Mesh Diffuser, which mysteriously cropped up and multiplied backstage this season, and was the subject of many a fashion blog sleuthing. SPOILER ALERT: It's kind of just like every other hair dryer diffuser on the market, except it's probably, in some vague way, slightly better. A/W 15 hair proposes: Give in to architectural shaping until your forearms cry out in agony and/or ecstasy, and by all means rid yourself of that slouch lest you suffer any long-term shade from your chiropractor, or allow your quadruple bun a moment of gravitational weakness. This is all totally okay. Your hair is very close to your brain, and so it appears to be a reasonable expense if time is indeed a luxury. And one should consider it so. The end is near, or so beat the steady drum of Kanye West x Adidas Originals collection: a few options on how to dress for the apocalypse, or, at the very least, the start of Yeezy Season. And through this presentation Kanye exposed another fashion week trend we’ll heartily embrace: technology. The show, which was projected in theaters across the country, created a meta layer of content sharing. Those searching the #Yeezy hashtag on Instagram might stumble upon the now iconic shot of North West flailing in the front row, or a behind the scenes image from DONDA squad Virgil Abloh and Jerry Lorenzo. A photo posted by jerrylorenzo (@jerrylorenzo) on Feb 12, 2015 at 2:09pm PST But they might also find themselves on the Instagram of a kid 500 miles away from the presentation's epicenter, one who happened to capture a projection of the show and an exclusive snippet of West's new song "Wolves," on their iPhone, which is shared, inevitably, to an audience of new friends. No need to wait in line, to jostle over optimal seating. Exclusivity left the front row, and in that, West seemed reaffirm his mission for mass production. (Apropos, during NYFW, Instagram saw an influx of nearly 85 million likes and comments related to the week's events.) Tom Ford’s decision to show in Los Angeles, on the first day of London Fashion Week, no less, offered an opposing point of view: All exclusivity, all the time. The Milk Studios hosted, pre-Oscars event cracked in at under 5K Instagram posts, an infinitesimal smattering of which appeared to be taken of the rose petal scattered runway during the actual event—which, despite its anti-fashion week location and timing, did not find itself short on attendees. The buzz offered an opposing ease, one that embraces the tactile. A photo posted by Flaunt Magazine (@flauntmagazine) on Feb 20, 2015 at 10:34pm PST The collective conscious seems to be agreeing: the modern, 2015 human being is nimble. Despite the fears that our technologies would become our masters, our eyes glued to screens, our thought process handing itself over to the status of our LTE service, this A/W season saw us stepping into a physical world and creating a dialog between space and time, exclusivity and inclusivity, pixels and texture (and there was no shortage of texture! See: MSGM, Etro, Parkchoonmoo). This trend found its way off the runway, LVMH collaborated with artist Vincent Moustache and photographer Carin Olsson to document the designers and their creations in the lead up to the LVMH Prize Young Fashion Designer 2015 Award. The house willingly let go of the creative reins, allowing the audience to receive the work and project it back onto LVMH, offering a new orientation of the collections. A photo posted by Carin Olsson (@parisinfourmonths) on Mar 4, 2015 at 2:19am PST Perhaps we're moving beyond that ubiquitous 2014 word, "content." The modern consumer, it seems, wants to have a conversation. To close: We’re working on our wellness issue, so we'll leave you with a final cosign (that appears to highlight the desire for a figurative and literal lightness of foot): the low heel. A photo posted by Cara Delevingne (@caradelevingne) on Mar 10, 2015 at 6:07am PDT Written by Sway Benns Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Multi-Colored Beaded Cut-out Dress by Valentino, Mesh Bralet (Worn throughout) by Erès, and Paste Drop Earrings (Worn throughout) by Prada.     Yellow One-Sleeve Striped Top and Pink Silk Trousers by Thomas Tait.     Floor-Length White Crochet Dress by Erdem.     Silk Pleated Top and Skirt by Paul Smith.     Pinstripe Nautical Dress by J.W. Anderson.     Romantic Jersey Dress, Silk Crêpe Bra, and Silk Crêpe Panties by Louis Vuitton.     Cropped Ruffled Silk-Nylon Chiffon Blouse and Patterned Pencil Skirt by Miu Miu.     Tulle Double-Breasted Overcoat and Tulle Shift Dress by Simone Rocha.     Orange and White Striped One-Shoulder Dress with Tie by Hermès.     Sheer Blouse and Sheer Pencil Skirt with Overstitching by Prada.     Brown Leather Painted Dress by Tod’s.     Floral Patterned Pink Silk Jumpsuit by Dior.     Embroidered Lace Body and Pleated Mini Skirt with Lace Panels by Mary Katrantzou.                 Casting: Simon Lewis for CastAndElect.com, London. Beauty Notes: Intensive infusion daily moisturizer, Eye color quad in cognac sable, and lip color in forbidden pink, and lip color shine in smitten by Tom Ford Beauty and Fresh glow B.B. Cream in Fair, light glow blush in coral pink, and effortless mascara in midnight brown by Burberry. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Suede short sleeve jacket and Leotard by Chanel and snakeskin Bag by Michael Kors.     Leather Jacket by Burberry, Top by Equipment, Shorts with feather and bead embellishments by Valentino, and Vintage jewelry (worn throughout) from Scout, L.A.     Embroidered crochet blouse, bi-color striped eel Skirt, and white pop chip earrings with palladium finish by Louis Vuitton.     Long Shirt by Prada, Top by Equipment, and Vintage Levi’s jeans from Scout, L.A.     Coat with embroidery and beading detail by Dries Van Noten, Tank top by The Elder Statesman, And Vintage jeans from The Way We Wore, L.A.     Top by Michael Kors and Pants by Paul & Joe.                 Manicure: Stephanie Stone for NailingHollywood.com Beauty Notes: Bio-Performance Glow Revival Serum, Future Solution LX Total Radiance Foundation SPF 20 in Natural Light Beige, Translucent pressed powder, and Veiled rouge lipstick in carrera by Shiseido and Duo eyeshadow in bellissima and blush-bronzer duo in sin/casino by NARS Cosmetics. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                             Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                              Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                                Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Left to Right: Nylon double-breasted jacket and nylon pants by Gucci and cotton tank by Calvin Klein Underwear. Cotton jacket and Cotton pants by Brioni and Cotton short sleeve shirt by Ermenegildo Zegna Couture. Stretch knit dress by Alexander Wang and Metal necklace by Erickson Beamon. Printed cotton sleeveless dress by Fendi, Silk scarf by Louis Vuitton, and 3 ring set and Studded bracelet by Noir jewelry. Plastic embroidered tulle dress, Metal bracelets, and Flat leather booties by Chanel. Left to Right: Silk cotton strapless bubble dress by Marc Jacobs, and Gold and brass link necklace and Bracelet by Noir. Cashmere sweater and Cotton button-up shirt by Brunello Cucinelli, Cotton pants by Salvatore Ferragamo, and Silk scarf by Hermès. Left to Right: Perforated leather dress by Proenza Schouler, Leather high heels with gold platforms by Stuart Weitzman, ‘Mind’s Eye’ stone necklace by Erickson Beamon, and stone ring by Noir jewelry. Printed cotton short sleeve shirt and Leather shorts by Alexander McQueen and leather sneakers with gold buckle by Giuseppe Zanotti. Silk top and cotton trousers by Céline and Pearl necklace and Pearl earrings by Erickson Beamon. Tropical wool suit with waist belt by Salvatore Ferragamo and cotton knit tank by Gucci. Printed cotton dress with plunging neckline by Altuzarra, Gold coil necklace by Erickson Beamon, and Gold necklace and coil cuff by Noir jewelry. Embroidered silk gown by Tom Ford, Leather high heels by Fendi, Gold link necklace by Pluma, and ‘Little Shop of Horrors’ bracelet by Erickson Beamon. Silk poncho dress by Lanvin, Suede high heels by Christian Louboutin, and Gold bracelet by Pluma. Leather biker vest, Cotton slip dress and silk body suit by Givenchy and silver headpiece by Erickson Beamon.    But How Did They Build the Pyramids? And Don’t Feed Me Lies  
        Photographed by David Agbodji     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                         Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      KTZ  
        Backstage KTZ Fall 2015 
NYFW A/W 2015     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Francesca Liberatore  
        Backstage at Francesca Liberatore     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                                  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                                       Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                       Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                           Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                               Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Timo Weiland  
        Backstage at Timo Weiland Woman Fall 2015 
NYFW A/W 2015     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                          Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                            Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Louis Vuitton: Series 2  
        LOS ANGELES—Nicolas Ghesquière takes us on a journey through the iconic house's past, present, and future.     An empty warehouse, on a bustling stretch of North Highland Ave, a blank space amongst the fresh crop of galleries in the Hollywood Media District, will tomorrow be revived as one of the most innovative fashion experiences we've encountered recently. Louis Vuitton has chosen to grace The City of Angels with its inaugural exhibition (and that, happily, just a dash down the road from the Flaunt HQ) "Series 2." “Series 2” is an expansive exhibit that immerses the visitor in the spirit of the nearly 200-year-old fashion house—utilizing state-of-the-art technology to tell its story—from its trunk-making beginnings to its dynamic future under the artistic direction of Nicolas Ghesquière. From the first moment through the impressive entrance—formed by the iconic initials, blown up to massive proportions, a fitting symbol of Ghesquière's dedication to the label—through 360º projections, holograms, and a simulated backstage experience (to name a few), Louis Vuitton brings the past to the future to our present, that present being February 6th, 2015, and the blessed location, 1135 N. Highland Ave, Los Angeles, California, 90028. The exhibition is free and open to the public, and runs through the 22nd. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                                  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   ‘My Burberry’ by Burberry ‘My Burberry’ by Burberry   Smooth Lines: If It Could Only Be Like This Always Except For Sometimes When We Want Something Else 'My Burberry' by Burberry Today: lingering, with top-notes of sweet pea and geranium, rain in the afternoon, a promise of bergamot, fresh linen, and golden quince later on. I plunge into the fog, and chase west on some boulevard or other, on the scent of the exotic, or maybe I really mean home, or maybe I mean patchouli - in any event, some celebratory place to raise a glass and while away the dusk by the hearth - but I realize, as the fog parts, that I am slamming into a coiffed stranger's linen-clad arms and I've gone and made a wrong turn and I'm no longer sure of where I am or what I want, and all I can perceive - but this through every avenue - is stupidly heavy damascus rose, soft and dense, like a sandbag to the back of the head.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Stretch cotton knit dress and Heels by Alexander Wang.     Crêpe de chine printed poncho with tweed lining, Canvas high boots, and Bracelets by Chanel.     Cardigan overcoat with sequin daisies, Floral embroidered vent T-shirt, and Embroidered mask with sequin daisy patches by Thom Browne.     Left to right: Cotton jumpsuit and Calf leather shoes by Céline. Cotton print jacket, Drawstring pants, and Leather sandals by Hermès.     Left to right: Silk dress with pearl embroidery by Lanvin. Wool v-neck sweater, Cotton button-down shirt, and Cotton pants by Prada.     Left to right: Cotton dress, Socks, and Leather shoes by Prada.  Cotton trenchcoat with cut outs, Cotton blazer, Cotton button-down shirt,  Polyester pants, and Leather slip-on pointed boots by Comme des Garçons Homme Plus.     Cotton wool sleeveless coat dress, Cotton shorts and Leather boots by Dior.     Embellished short silk dress by Saint Laurent.     Silk diagonal embroidered dress and Sandals by Marc Jacobs.     Left to right: Calf leather and suede floral appliqué dress and Leather lace-up sandals by Valentino. Embroidered cotton tank and Cotton pants by Raf Simons, and leather loafers by Prada.     Left to right: Leather jacket with weave detail, Cotton pants, and Leather sandals by Fendi. Crinkle cotton side slit short sleeve dress and Leather heels by Altuzarra.     Cotton button-down shirt, Cotton Bermuda shorts, Cotton wrap slit skirt, and Leather boots by Givenchy.                 Beauty Notes for her: Lift Lumière Concealer in Beige, Double Perfection Lumière in Beige Rosé, Joues Contraste in Fandango, Crayon Sourcils in Black, Rouge Coco Shine in Candeur, and Le Vernis Nail Colour in Eastern Light by Chanel. Bb Prep Primer, Bb Gel, and Bb Shine On Finishing Spray by Bumble and bumble, and Gold Lust Nourishing Hair Oil by Oribe. Grooming notes for him: Eau d’orange verte Moisturizing Face Balm by Hermès. Semisumo pomade and Brilliantine by Bumble and bumble. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Long camo denim coat by Komakino, shirt and pants by Prada, calfskin shoes by Kenzo, and Vintage earrings by Viveka Bergström.     Reversible shearling parka by Louis Vuitton, Leather biker pants by Diesel Black Gold, and leather boots by Maison Martin Margiela.     Wool twill shirt by Kris Van Assche, nylon Real Tree shorts by ASSK, Tipicou cotton trousers by Laurence Airline, leather boots by Maison Martin Margiela, and Vintage earrings by Viveka Bergström.        Double face polyester and cotton parka and calfskin shoes by Kenzo, Cotton leggings by Isabel Benenato, and Vintage earrings by Viveka Bergström.      Alpaca and virgin wool biker jacket and Cotton front fold trousers by Damir Doma Men and Wool sweater by Julius. Light flannel parka by Hermès and Vintage earrings by Viveka Bergström.     Printed polyester jacket and pants by Issey Miyake Men, cotton knitwear by Viktor & Rolf Monsieur, Waxed wool sweater by Diesel Black Gold, and leather boots by Maison Martin Margiela.     Waterproof cotton parka by Christophe Lemaire, Leather jacket by Diesel Black Gold, Floral cotton dress with skull print and leather boots by Yohji Yamamoto, Stockings by Wolford, and Vintage earrings by Viveka Bergström.     Waterproof cotton parka by Christophe Lemaire, Leather jacket by Diesel Black Gold, Floral cotton dress with skull print by Yohji Yamamoto, and Vintage earrings by Viveka Bergström.     Velvet sweatshirt with Bauhaus print, Flannel trousers, and Fishnet stockings by Givenchy.                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Denim shirt by AG, Embellished silk wool Pants by Emilio Pucci, lace-up Shoes by Diesel, gold and pearl necklace by Karine sultan, and pavé sapphire and pearl ring by M.C.L. by Matthew Campbell Laurenza.     Jacket by STRÖM, High-Rise Flare Jeans by 7 for All Mankind, Open-Toe Booties by Giuseppe Zanotti, Chain Necklace by Moschino, Watch by Guess, Gemstone Bangle by m2 by m.c.l., and Bangles by Pluma.     Denim Zip Blazer by G-Star RAW, 1981 High Waist Skinny Jeans by Guess, Logo Earrings by Moschino, and Brass Bangle by M2 by M.C.L.     Quilted Denim Chain Jacket by Moschino, Silk Button-up Shirt by Roberto Cavalli, Coated Super Skinny Jeans by Hudson Jeans, and Rose  Gold Flower Ring by Le Vian.     Hooded Denim Jacket by Chip Foster, High-Rise Flare Jeans by STRÖM, Zippered Belt by Diesel, and Silver Basket Weave and Hammered Cuffs by Karine Sultan.     Ribbon Shirt Dress by Zimmermann, Distressed Jeans by Siwy, Leather Laser-Cut Pumps by Christian Louboutin, Geometric Necklace by Karine Sultan, Pearled Pavé Bangles and Ring by M.C.L. By Matthew Campbell Laurenza, Watch by Guess, and Rhodium Ring by M2 by M.C.L.     Silk Blouse with Tassels by Sachin & Babi, Bootcut Jeans by Cult of Individuality, Patent Leather T-Strap Pumps by Christian Louboutin, Studded Western Belt by Diesel, Hammered Silver Ox and Asymmetrical Cuffs by Karine Sultan, and Ring by Le Vian.     Houndstooth crop jacket by Zimmermann, Remy bootcut Jeans by Big Star, gold collar and choker necklaces by Karine Sultan, and Belt and Purse by Moschino.     Zipped Dress and Eyelet Leather Belt by Louis Vuitton.                  Denim shirt by AG, Embellished silk wool Pants by Emilio Pucci, lace-up Shoes by Diesel, gold and pearl necklace by Karine sultan, and pavé sapphire and pearl ring by M.C.L. by Matthew Campbell Laurenza. Jacket by STRÖM, High-Rise Flare Jeans by 7 for All Mankind, Open-Toe Booties by Giuseppe Zanotti, Chain Necklace by Moschino, Watch by Guess, Gemstone Bangle by m2 by m.c.l., and Bangles by Pluma. Denim Zip Blazer by G-Star RAW, 1981 High Waist Skinny Jeans by Guess, Logo Earrings by Moschino, and Brass Bangle by M2 by M.C.L. Quilted Denim Chain Jacket by Moschino, Silk Button-up Shirt by Roberto Cavalli, Coated Super Skinny Jeans by Hudson Jeans, and Rose  Gold Flower Ring by Le Vian. Hooded Denim Jacket by Chip Foster, High-Rise Flare Jeans by STRÖM, Zippered Belt by Diesel, and Silver Basket Weave and Hammered Cuffs by Karine Sultan. Ribbon Shirt Dress by Zimmermann, Distressed Jeans by Siwy, Leather Laser-Cut Pumps by Christian Louboutin, Geometric Necklace by Karine Sultan, Pearled Pavé Bangles and Ring by M.C.L. By Matthew Campbell Laurenza, Watch by Guess, and Rhodium Ring by M2 by M.C.L. Silk Blouse with Tassels by Sachin & Babi, Bootcut Jeans by Cult of Individuality, Patent Leather T-Strap Pumps by Christian Louboutin, Studded Western Belt by Diesel, Hammered Silver Ox and Asymmetrical Cuffs by Karine Sultan, and Ring by Le Vian. Houndstooth crop jacket by Zimmermann, Remy bootcut Jeans by Big Star, gold collar and choker necklaces by Karine Sultan, and Belt and Purse by Moschino. Zipped Dress and Eyelet Leather Belt by Louis Vuitton. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Lapis glazed bonded mesh trenchcoat by Calvin Klein Collection and Hosiery by Erica M. Nautilus Mini (BVC) Tank Clearomizer by Aspire and 900maH eGo-C Twist in Silver and Black by AnyVape. Raffia, linen, and silk parka by Versace and Vintage gianni versace red bondage collection armature corset from Devorado, NYC for byronesque.com. Nargila E-Hookah Texas Edition with 1200 puffs per E-Hookah in Fakhena Cranberry Orange by Atmos. Zorip hand-painted leather vest by Diesel Black Gold. Disposable E-cigarette with 400 puffs per e-Cig and all-in-one construction in Magnificent Menthol by Blu. Virgin wool double-breasted vest by Brunello Cucinelli and Leather and metal studded knee high boots by Saint Laurent. Disposable E-cigarette with 400 puffs per e-Cig and all-in-one construction in cherry crush by Blu. Leather Jacket by Saint Laurent, Pleated cropped fused leather pants by LINIE NYC, “Étoile Filante” ring in 18k white gold and diamonds by Chanel Fine Jewelry. Disposable E-cigarette with 400 puffs per e-Cig and all-in-one construction in vivid vanilla by Blu. Leather lead jacket by Religion, Lurex knit shorts by Missoni, Lambskin fingerless gloves by Chanel,  and “Camélia Galbé” headband in 18k white gold, diamonds, and white ceramic by Chanel Fine Jewelry. Nautilus Mini (BVC) Tank Clearomizer by Aspire and 900maH eGo-C Twist in Silver and Black by AnyVape.    They Look like They’re Trapped in a Vape Capsule  
        Photographed by Joshua Jordan     
    Lapis glazed bonded mesh trenchcoat by  Calvin Klein Collection  and Hosiery by  Erica M . Nautilus Mini (BVC) Tank Clearomizer by  Aspire  and 900maH eGo-C Twist in Silver and Black by  AnyVape . Raffia, linen, and silk parka by Versace and Vintage gianni versace red bondage collection armature corset from Devorado, NYC for byronesque.com. Nargila E-Hookah Texas Edition with 1200 puffs per E-Hookah in Fakhena Cranberry Orange by Atmos. Zorip hand-painted leather vest by Diesel Black Gold. Disposable E-cigarette with 400 puffs per e-Cig and all-in-one construction in Magnificent Menthol by Blu. Virgin wool double-breasted vest by Brunello Cucinelli and Leather and metal studded knee high boots by Saint Laurent. Disposable E-cigarette with 400 puffs per e-Cig and all-in-one construction in cherry crush by Blu. Leather Jacket by Saint Laurent, Pleated cropped fused leather pants by LINIE NYC, “Étoile Filante” ring in 18k white gold and diamonds by Chanel Fine Jewelry. Disposable E-cigarette with 400 puffs per e-Cig and all-in-one construction in vivid vanilla by Blu. Leather lead jacket by Religion, Lurex knit shorts by Missoni, Lambskin fingerless gloves by Chanel,  and “Camélia Galbé” headband in 18k white gold, diamonds, and white ceramic by Chanel Fine Jewelry. Nautilus Mini (BVC) Tank Clearomizer by Aspire and 900maH eGo-C Twist in Silver and Black by AnyVape. Photographer: Joshua Jordan at studiojordan.com.
Stylist: Joshua Liebman for artmixcreative.com, New York.
Models: Anastasiya B., Anniek, Cheyenne Carty, and Emily Astrup for newyorkmodels.com.
Hair: Fred van de Bunt for art-dept.com.
Makeup: Cedric Jolivet for seemanagement.com.
Set Design: Kevin Hertzog at kevinhertzog.com.
Studio Manager: Steven Harwick.
Digital Tech: Brett Moen.
Photography Assistants: Nuri Daynish and Ben Gallardo.
Styling Assistant: Martin Hammery.
Special Thanks: George Brown Studio. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Wool slim jacket, cotton shirt, and stretch jeans by Saint Laurent.     Nylon vinyl coat by KTZ.     Glazed nylon wide leg pants by Calvin Klein Collection and cotton hip briefs by Calvin Klein Underwear.       Cotton painted sweatshirt by Lanvin, rain poncho stylist’s own, leather shoes by Calvin Klein Collection, and cotton socks by gold toe.     Studded leather jacket and leather thong pouch by Versace and cotton socks by gold toe.     Hand-painted leather coat by Burberry Prorsum and cotton socks by Gold Toe.     Mink coat by Saint Laurent.     Cotton shirt by Dior Homme and wool mask by Thom Browne.     From top to bottom: Wool jacquard jacket, wool jacquard shorts, and leather boots by Thom Browne. Wool jacquard pants by Thom Browne and socks by Gold Toe.                  Grooming notes: Neroli Portofino Body Oil and Neroli Portofino Body Moisturizer by Tom Ford. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Embroidered plastic dress by Simone Rocha and felt top with lacing by Tom Ford.  Long-sleeve V-neck top by Céline. Wool coat by Céline. Mink jacket by Fendi, knit top by Kenzo, and Long jersey skirt with tulle by Ashish Embroidered dress by Meadham Kirchhoff and cotton bustier by Maison Martin Margiela. Wool suit by Dior. Sheer embroidered drop-waist pleated dress by Meadham Kirchhoff. Floral dress with corseting by Erdem and turtleneck by Bruno Cucinelli. Wool coat by Emilia Wickstead and turtleneck by Bruno Cucinelli. Floral dress with corseting by Erdem and turtleneck by Bruno Cucinelli.    It Goes On And On And On And On And On And On And On And On And On  
        Photographed by Sabine Mirlesse     Photographer : Sabine Mirlesse at SabineMirlesse.com.
 Stylist : Francesca Turner at Francesca-Turner.com.
 Model : Kira for Imgmodels.com.
 Hair : David Wadlow for premierhairandmakeup.com.
 Makeup : Riona O’Sullivan at RionaOSullivan.co.uk.
 Casting : Simon Lewis at CastandElect.com. Beauty Notes: Optimal Brightening concentrate, all day luminous powder foundation in Mont Blanc, Dual Intensity eyeshadow in Andromeda and Callisto, blush duo in Hungry Heart, sheer lipstick in Flair and lip gloss in Stella by Nars.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   JACKET AND TROUSERS BY MARNI, SHOES (WORN THROUGHOUT) BY STELLA MCCARTNEY, AND NECKLACE BY TIFFANY & CO. CAPE BY SAINT LAURENT, BUTTON-UP SHIRT BY TOM FORD, TROUSERS BY CHRISTOPHER KANE, NECKLACE BY TIFFANY & CO., AND WATCH (WORN THROUGHOUT) BY CARTIER. COAT BY THE ROW, TURTLENECK BY CALVIN KLEIN, TANK TOP BY ALEXANDER WANG, TROUSERS BY BALLY, NECKLACE AND RING BY TIFFANY & CO., AND RING BY LIZZIE MANDLER. DENIM BUTTON-UP SHIRT BY MAVI, HAT BY GIORGIO ARMANI, AND EARRINGS (WORN THROUGHOUT) AND NECKLACE BY LIZZIE MANDLER. COAT AND TOP BY MIU MIU, JEANS BY J BRAND, AND NECKLACE BY HERMÈS. MEN’S SUEDED SHEEPSKIN JACKET AND MESH TANK BY BURBERRY PRORSUM, TROUSERS AND BELT BY HERMÈS, AND NECKLACE BY TIFFANY & CO. COAT BY ELLERY, DENIM BUTTON-UP SHIRT BY DIESEL, AND TROUSERS AND BELT BY HERMÈS. COAT BY BALENCIAGA, BUTTON-UP SHIRT BY MAISON MARTIN MARGIELA, AND NECKLACE BY LIZZIE MANDLER.    Dear Dean, Well, the Tour Company Went Kerplunk, so It Looks Like I’m Stuck On Holiday  
        Photographed by Adam Franzino     Photographer : Adam Franzino at AdamFranzino.com.
 Stylist : Ronald Burton III.
 Model : Giedrė Dukauskaitė for womenmanagement.com, New York.
 Hair : Hiro + Mari for 87eightseven.com using Bumble and Bumble.
 Makeup : Vicky Steckel for bryanbantry.com. Beauty Notes: Aqua Gel Luminous Oil-Free Moisturizer, Dual Intensity Eyeshadow in Dione, and Sheer Lipstick in Dolce Vita by NARS Cosmetics. Bb. styling lotion by Bumble and Bumble. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                            In Order: Name: GIZZI ERSKINE
Occupation: Chef and TV personality
Most likely to be a Starfire water shareholder.
TROUSERS  BY A. SAUVAGE. Name: HARRIET VERNEY
Occupation: Stylist, Writer
Most dramatic gluten allergy.
SHIRT AND BLAZER BY A. SAUVAGE AND SOCKS AND SHOES TALENT’S OWN.  Name: NATHAN STEWART-JARRETT
Occupation: Actor
Biggest emotional bottler.
SWEATER BY A. SAUVAGE.  Name: JESS PLUMMER
Occupation: Singer-Songwriter
Most likely to give you a piggyback ride up the Great Wall of China. Name: ASAMI ZDRENKA
Occupation: Singer-Songwriter
Most likely to serenade you with some Pink Floyd and Jonas Brothers. Name: AMIRA MCCARTHY
Occupation: Singer-Songwriter
Most likely to bail you out of jail in Kalispel, Montana for juggling on the corner of Market and 1st. NEON JUNGLE
Name: SHEREEN CUTKELVIN
Occupation: Singer-Songwriter
Most likely to meet you for a pick-up game of kickball in that one field behind Travis Peterson’s mom’s house.
From left to right: MEN’S SHIRT BY MR. START. T-SHIRT BY BANANA REPUBLIC AND JEANS BY J BRAND. TOP TALENT’S OWN. MEN’S SHIRT BY UNIQLO. Name: ADRIEN VICTOR AND ANNABEL SAUVAGE
Occupation: Fashion Designer, Director, Photographer
Cutest couple.
ALL CLOTHING BY A. SAUVAGE. Name: DAVID WADLOW
Occupation: Hair Stylist
Best hair (presumably).
SWEATER BY A. SAUVAGE, JEANS BY CITIZENS OF HUMANITY, UNDERWEAR BY CALVIN KLEIN, AND HAT AND WATCH TALENT’S OWN. Name: JACKSON HALE
Occupation: Actor, Model
Most likely to concede.
TARTAN TROUSERS BY A. SAUVAGE. Name: CRIS CAB
Occupation: Singer-Songwriter
Most likely to perform an emotional rendition of The Cure’s “Lovesong” at the wedding reception of a former lover.
BLAZER AND TROUSERS BY MR. START, T-SHIRT, WATCH, AND BRACELET TALENT’S OWN. Name: BILLIE JD PORTER
Occupation: Writer, DJ, Television Host, Model
Most likely to start a neo-Maoist feminist group.
JACKET WITH FUR TRIM AND SHIRT BY MR. START, WIDE-LEGGED TROUSERS AND BELT BY PAUL SMITH, AND SOCKS TALENT’S OWN. Name: JOE DEMPSIE
Occupation: Actor
Most likely to be cast in Dave Chappelle’s Mad Real World Season Two.
SWEATER BY HUNTER GATHER AND JEANS BY CITIZENS OF HUMANITY. SUMMER CAMP
Name: JEREMY WARMSELY
Occupation: Multi-Instrumentalist Name: ELIZABETH SANKEY
Occupation: Vocalist
Most likely to attend summer camp. BOTH SUITS BY MR. START AND BOTH SHIRTS BY UNIQLO. Name: FRANCESCA ZAMPI
Occupation: Producer and Founder
Most likely to start a business, be successful, and love Downton Abbey.
MEN’S SUIT BY MR. START. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   JACKET BY GUCCI, LEATHER PANTS BY PHILIPP PLEIN, AND GLASSES BY TYG SPECTACLES.     JACKET BY GUCCI, LEATHER PANTS BY PHILIPP PLEIN, AND GLASSES BY TYG SPECTACLES.     SWEATER BY NEIL BARRETT, AND NECKLACE BY STEFANO DE LELLIS.     FUR JUMPSUIT AND SNEAKERS BY Y-3, EARRINGS AND BRACELET BY PERSY, BRACELETS BY STEFANO DE LELLIS, AND RINGS BY VOODOO JEWELS BY LIVIA LAZZARI.     TOP AND SKIRT BY LUCIO VANOTTI, SHIRT FROM SOUS VINTAGE SHOP, LEGGINGS BY Y-3, AND SHOES STYLIST’S OWN.     BOMBER JACKET BY DA.INKE., SHIRT BY JULIANKEEN, PANTS BY F.E.R., AND BACKPACK BY FREITAG REFERENCE.     SEQUIN DRESS AND GLASSES BY ALBERTO ZAMBELLI, RINGS BY VOODOO JEWELRY BY LIVIA LAZZARI, AND BRACELETS STYLIST’S OWN.     FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: SWEATER BY MESSAGERIE AND PANTS BY MISSONI. SHIRT DRESS WITH PLAID SKIRT AND TRIM AND SHOES BY GIULIA GOBBI. VINTAGE THIERRY MUGLER SKIRT SUIT, HEELS BY GIULIA GOBBI, EARRINGS AND BRACELET BY PERSY, AND BRACELETS BY STEFANO DE LELLIS.     FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: SHIRT BY F.E.R., VINTAGE TIE, AND GLASSES BY TYG SPECTACLES. COAT BY F.E.R. AND SHIRT BY GUCCI. STRIPED JACKET BY F.E.R., POLO SHIRT BY RAF SIMONS, AND NECKLACE BY VOODOO JEWELS BY LIVIA LAZZARI.     PRINTED SHIRT AND PANTS BY VERSACE, LACE-UP SHOES BY GUCCI, AND BAG BY JULIANKEEN.                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: LEATHER JACKET BY CALVIN KLEIN, DENIM SHIRT AND DENIM JEANS BY  NUDIE JEANS, AND SUEDE BOOTS BY 3.1 PHILLIP LIM. WOOL LETTER SWEATER, COTTON BUTTON-DOWN SHIRT BY POLO RALPH LAUREN AND DENIM DRAWSTRING PANTS BY DSQUARED2.     DENIM HOODED CAPE AND DENIM SHIRT BY 3.1 PHILLIP LIM.     LASER-CUT PULLOVER SWEATER AND DOUBLE-FACED PANTS BY ALEXANDER WANG AND SUEDE BOOTS BY 3.1 PHILLIP LIM.     EMBOSSED LEATHER JACKET BY FENDI AND JEANS BY GUESS.     FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: DENIM JEAN JACKET, COTTON MESH SHIRT, AND DENIM JEANS BY OFF-WHITE C/O VIRGIL ABLOH AND LEATHER BOOTS BY FENDI. PATENT LEATHER JACKET BY TOPMAN, DENIM SHIRT BY 7 FOR ALL MANKIND, DENIM DROP CROTCH JEANS BY BUFFALO DAVID BITTON, AND FREE RUN 2 SNEAKERBOOTS BY NIKE.     FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: CORDUROY VEST AND PANTS BY SACAI AND DENIM LONG SLEEVE SHIRT BY AG. COTTON PRINTED SHIRT AND COTTON SWEATPANTS BY MARC BY MARC JACOBS.     LEATHER LONG SLEEVE SHIRT AND STRETCH COTTON PANTS BY GUCCI.     FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: LEATHER BIKER JACKET BY GUESS, DENIM JACKET AND DENIM JEANS BY 7 FOR ALL MANKIND, AND SUEDE BOOTS BY BOSS ORANGE. WOOL OVERCOAT BY DSQUARED2, JEAN JACKET BY HUGO, DENIM JEANS BY BOSS, AND LEATHER SNEAKERS BY MARC BY MARC JACOBS.     MIXED RAYON SHIRT BY PRADA.     PRINTED WOOL SWEATER AND DENIM JEANS BY DOLCE & GABBANA.     DENIM OVERCOAT, WOOL SINGLE-BREASTED SUIT, AND COTTON SHIRT BY DIOR HOMME AND KOBE 9 ELITE CANVAS SNEAKERS BY NIKE.     FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: AW77 F.C. cotton crew sweatshirt by NIKE and denim jeans by Private Stock. Velvet jacket and velvet printed pants by Marc Jacobs and denim long sleeve shirt by AG.                  Grooming notes: Broad Spectrum SPF 21 Moisturizer by Clinique Skin Supplies for Men. DryNAMIC DRY Shampoo by Sebastian Professional and Sumotech and Tonic Lotion by Bumble and bumble. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   WOOL POINTY HEM COAT BY CHRISTOPHER KANE AND TOMBOY DENIM SHIRT BY CULT OF INDIVIDUALITY.     DENIM TRUCKER VEST BY LEVI’S, PLEATED SHIRT DRESS BY DONNA KARAN, JEANS BY G–STAR RAW, BELT BY SAINT LAURENT, BRA BY VICTORIA’S SECRET, AND JEWELRY STYLIST’S OWN.     DENIM “JENNY” SHIRT BY DL1961, COTTON UNDERWEAR BY VICTORIA’S SECRET, AND BABY ASTEROPE MIGRATION NECKLACE IN 18K WHITE GOLD AND 14K ROSE GOLD BY JAMES BANKS.     WOOL TURTLENECK BY DION LEE, KNITTED TWILL PONTE JEANS BY SIWY, AND HAT BY CHANEL.     JACKET AND TROUSERS BY JIL SANDER, TOP BY CHANEL, DIAMOND SIDEWAYS CROSS RING BY ROSEARK, AND SHOES STYLIST’S OWN.     DENIM VEST BY SAINT LAURENT, FRAYED DENIM CLASSIC SHORTS BY WILDFOX, AND STONE WASHED DENIM BRA BY DIESEL.     DENIM JACKET BY PAPER DENIM & CLOTH, WOOL JUMPSUIT BY DION LEE, SHOES STYLIST’S OWN, AND LARGE STERLING SILVER SIDEWAYS CROSS NECKLACE BY ROSEARK.     SHEER BLOUSE BY SAINT LAURENT AND DENIM SKIRT BY CHANEL.                  Beauty Notes: Luminous moisture cream, Sheer glow foundation in Mont Blanc, blush in orgasm, and trio eyeshadow in high society by NARS. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   WOOL DRESS WITH LEATHER TRIM AND LEATHER BOOTS BY LOUIS VUITTON. JACQUARD SLATE MULTI-WAISTED DRESS AND PLEATED CREW NECK SHIRT BY PROENZA SCHOULER. JACQUARD SLATE MULTI-WAISTED DRESS AND PLEATED CREW NECK SHIRT BY PROENZA SCHOULER. FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: WOOL DRESS WITH EMBROIDERED JEWEL DETAIL BY DIOR. DENIM VEST BY G-STARRAW AND COTTON PLAID BUTTON-UP SHIRT AND DENIM JEANS BY GUESS. FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: WAX TOP AND COTTON SKIRT BY FENDI. DENIM JACKET BY G-STARRAW AND DENIM PANTS BY CALVIN KLEIN JEANS. FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: COTTON DRESS WITH LEATHER TRIM AND PATENT LEATHER HIGH BOOTS BY ALEXANDER WANG. LEATHER BIKER JACKET BY TOPMAN, DENIM JEANS BY TOMMY HILFIGER DENIM AND LEATHER CHELSEA BOOTS BY KENNETH COLE. FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: DENIM SHIRT BY DKNY JEANS AND WAX DENIM JEANS BY HUDSON JEANS. COTTON AND SILK FLOUNCE DRESS BY CHANEL. FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: COTTON VEST BY TOMMY HILFIGER DENIM AND DENIM JEANS BY G-STAR RAW. COTTON RAYON PRINT DRESS BY PRADA. FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: DENIM JEANS BY DSQUARED2 AND LEATHER BOOTS BY KENNETH COLE. COTTON DRESS WITH JEWEL APPLIQUÉ BY CÉLINE AND LEATHER HEELS BY PRADA. SILK TIER DRESS AND LEATHER BOOTS BY MARC JACOBS. COTTON BOMBER JACKET BY 7 FOR ALL MANKIND, COTTON SHIRT (TIED AT WAIST) BY LEVI’S MADE & CRAFTED COTTON T-SHIRT BY LEVI’S VINTAGE CLOTHING, DENIM JEANS BY LEVI’S STRAUSS & CO, AND LEATHER BOOTS WITH WOOL TOP BY KENNETH COLE. COTTON DOTTED CAPE, COTTON JUMPSUIT AND LEATHER HEELS BY VALENTINO.    Who Needs School, When You’ve Got The Streets  
        Photographed by Žiga Mihelcic     Photographer: Žiga Mihelčič.
Style Director: Long Nguyen.
Associate Fashion Editor: ZaQuan Champ.
Models: Yue Ning for Marilynagency.com, NY and Diego Fagroso for requestmodels.com, NY.
Hair: Nabil Harlow for DefactoInc.com.
Makeup: Mark Edio for SeeManagement.com. Beauty notes: Skin Illusion Loose Powder Foundation in Beige, Muiti-Blush Cream in Blush Grenadine, Eye Quartet Mineral Palette in Pastels and Rosewood, Lip Balm Crayon in Creamy Pink, and Joli Rouge Lipstick in Petal Pink by Clarins Paris. Perfect Hair Day 5-in-1 Styling Treatment and No Frizz Nourishing Styling Cream by Living Proof. Grooming Notes: Revitalizing Black Hydration Gel by Boscia. Phytodensium Lifeless Hair Age-Defying Serum by Phyto. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                       Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   WOOL EMBROIDERED DRESS AND MINK CAPE BY SAINT LAURENT.     SUEDE SHORT DRESS AND SUEDE BOOTS BY TOM FORD.       WOOL FELT COAT WITH SIDE BUTTONING AND LEATHER BOOTS BY CÉLINE.      WOOL WAVE PRINT DEEP V-NECK DRESS AND LEATHER BOOTIES BY MARC JACOBS.      WOOL FELT V-NECK SLEEVELESS DRESS, COTTON HIGH COLLAR SHIRT AND LEATHER HIGH BOOTS BY ALEXANDER WANG.      VISCOSE PRINTED CRÊPE DRESS AND LEATHER SHOES BY PROENZA SCHOULER.       SILK PLEATED DRESS WITH CHIFFON OVLERLAY, SILK PRINT SCARF, LEATHER GLOVES AND LEATHER LACE-UP BOOTS BY CHANEL.                  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   HOUNDSTOOTH DRESS BY  BOTTEGAVENETA AND T-BAR STRAP HEELS BY PRADA. PRINTED VELVET SUIT, VEST, BUTTON-UP SHIRT, AND SHOES BY DOLCE & GABBANA. FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: TAILCOAT WITH EMBROIDERED HUMMINGBIRDS, SHIRT WITH RUFFLE DETAIL, AND PLEATED TROUSERS BY GILES. COAT, TOP, AND PANTS BY PAUL SMITH. CUT-OUT LEATHER AND MESH TOP AND LEATHER SKIRT BY DAVID KOMA AND CROCODILE CLUTCH BY BOTTEGA VENETA. FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: KIMONO AND DRESS BY MONKI. SEQUIN DRESS WITH BEADED NECKLINE AND MESH SKIRT BY ASHISH AND CUT-OUT LEATHER AND MESH TOP BY DAVID KOMA. FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: COAT AND ORGANZA DRESS BY PRADA AND VINTAGE HANDBAG STYLIST’S OWN. DOUBLE-BREASTED LEATHER COAT, TURTLENECK, AND PVC PANTS BY TOPMAN DESIGN. FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: COAT, PRINTED SHIRT, PANTS, AND SHOES BY ALEXANDER MCQUEEN. TRENCHCOAT PRINTED WITH JOHN DEAKIN PHOTOGRAPH OF LUCIAN FREUD, SHIRT, PANTS, AND SHOES BY ALEXANDER MCQUEEN. OVERSIZED TWEED JACKET AND TIERED SKIRT WITH MESH LINING BY JOHN ROCHA. SUEDE FRINGED COAT AND WOOL CASHMERE PANTS BY BURBERRY PRORSUM. COAT, SILK SHIRT WITH CONTRAST COLLAR, AND TUXEDO STRIPE PANTS BY PRADA.     The Heart Will Break, But Only 4% Of My Followers Are Robots Or Viruses Photographed by Bryan Huynh Photographer : Bryan Huynh for mbklondon.com. Stylist : Steven Westgarth for dandvmanagement.com. Models : Guillaume Babouin for elitemodellondon.co.uk, Coral and Lily W. for mandpmodels.com, London, Lucian Clifforth for premiermodelmanagement.com, London, and Jack Taffel for d1models.com, London. Hair : Teiji Utsumi using Bumble and Bumble. Makeup : Emma Miles using M.A.C Cosmetics. Set Designer : Laura Timmons. Casting : David Wilton for roscoproduction.com. Styling Assistants : Louise Ford and Steven Jacques. Hair Assistants : Jaime Douglas and Wako. Makeup Assistant : Julia Wilson. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   STROBE CREAM, FACE AND BODY FOUNDATION, SCULPTING POWDER IN SHADESTER, PRO PAINT STICK IN PURE WHITE, VELUXE BROW LINER IN DEEP BRUNETTE, LIPSTICK IN STUDDED KISS, AND LIP CONDITIONER BY M.A.C COSMETICS AND BLACK SATIN AND BLACK PEARL NAIL COLOR (WORN THROUGHOUT) BY CHANEL. THICKENING HAIRSPRAY, BUMBLE GELLAC, AND DOES IT ALL STYLING SPRAY (ALL USED THROUGHOUT) BY BUMBLE AND BUMBLE. ORGANZA TOP BY DONNA KARAN. ULTRA RICH BODY CREAM BY DERMALOGICA AND HYDRA LIFE PRO YOUTH SORBET CRÈME, CAPTURE TOTALE FOUNDATION, DIORSHOW FUSION MONO EYESHADOW IN MILLENIUM, ÉTOILE, AND LUNE, POWDER EYEBROW PENCIL IN SAND, AND NUDE ROUGE LIPSTICK IN TRENCH BY DIOR BEAUTY, PHOTO FINISH 24 HOUR SHADOW PRIMER, CAMERA READY FULL COVERAGE CONCEALER, AND LIMITLESS LIQUID LINER PEN IN BLACK BY SMASHBOX COSMETICS. TUX JUMPSUIT BY NOON BY NOOR, TULLE SKIRT BY OSCAR DE LA RENTA, AND SNEAKERS BY NIKE. PHOTO FINISH24 HOUR SHADOW PRIMER BY SMASHBOX COSMETICS AND HYDRA LIFE PRO YOUTH SORBET CRÈME, CAPTURE TOTALE DREAMSKIN, DIORSKIN SCULPT LIFTING SMOOTHING CONCEALER, CAPTURE TOTALE FOUNDATION, DIORSKIN NUDE GLOW SUN POWDER BRONZER IN SIENNA, DIORSHOW FUSION MONO EYESHADOW IN MILLENIUM, ETOILE AND LUNE, DIORSHOW ART PEN EYELINER IN CATWALK BLACK, POWDER EYEBROW PENCIL IN SAND, AND NUDE ROUGE LIPSTICK IN TRENCH BY DIOR BEAUTY. THICKENING HAIRSPRAY, BUMBLE GELLAC, AND “DOES IT ALL” STYLING SPRAY BY BUMBLE AND BUMBLE. TUX JUMPSUIT BY NOON BY NOOR. HYDRA BEAUTY CRÈME RICHE, HYDRA BEAUTY GEL YEUX EYE TREATMENT, VITALUMIÈRE   AQUA FOUNDATION, JARDIN DE CAMELIAS ILLUMINATING POWDER, SOLEIL TAN DE CHANEL SHEER ILLUMINATING BRONZER, OMBRE ESSENTIELLE SOFT TOUCH EYESHADOW IN EBONY, STYLO YEUX WATERPROOF LONG LASTING EYELINER IN NOIR INTENSE, HYDRA BEAUTY LIP BALM, AND ROUGE ALLURE INTENSE LONG-WEAR LIP COLOUR IN CHARMEUSE BY CHANEL. COTTON SHIRT BY MAISON RABIH KAYROUZ. MULTI-ACTION HYDRATING TONER, LUMINOUS MOISTURE CREAM, TOTAL REPLENISHING EYE CREAM, SHEER GLOW FOUNDATION IN SIBERIA, AND LIP GLOSS IN TURKISH DELIGHT BY NARS COSMETICS. MOHAIR SWEATER BY VIVIENNE WESTWOOD, TULLE SKIRT BY OSCAR DE LA RENTA, AND SNEAKERS BY NIKE.    Yeah, I Was There For Kasparov vs Topalov in ’99 & it Hurt  
        Photographed by Yu Tsai     Photographer : Yu Tsai for opusreps.com.
 Stylist : Martina Nilsson for opusbeauty.com.
 Model : Sung Hee Kim for wilhelmina.com, NY.
 Hair : John Ruggiero for starworksartists.com.
 Makeup : Allan Avendaño for opusbeauty.com.
 Manicure : Christina Aviles for opusbeauty.com. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   ERIKA STRÖMQVIST IN LOS ANGELES, MARCH 2014. ALL CLOTHING BY STRÖM.   Ström  
        Bury Me in the Arms of Lady Blue     
    Premium denim brand STRÖM has a studio with a patio overlooking a street that, today, is logjammed with vintage 1950s muscle cars. The Showtime series  Masters of Sex  is filming next door, and members of the film crew sweep fallen palm fronds to the side, trying to make the Miracle Mile look less like Los Angeles and more like St. Louis.
I’m waiting with Matthew Fisher—President of STRÖM—for Erika Strömqvist, the brand’s designer (and Fisher’s wife of six years). We’re discussing circular career paths. While his family handled private equity investments in Pittsburgh, Fisher chose a life of rock ‘n’ roll and independent film before looping back into the fashion business with Strömqvist. “Why do musicians always fall into indie film?” he asks.
“It’s all storytelling,” I offer.
Strömqvist arrives—beaming, in drop-crotch pants (she’s five months pregnant)—to show me samples from the STRÖM Fall-Winter 2014 line. As she explains her techniques for gaining certain textures, the application of zippers and hooks (“I am allergic to nickel,” she tells me, “and that is why I only use nickel-free alloys in all my trims.”), it becomes obvious that her approach to designing denim involves its own kind of storytelling.
So, let’s start with a story. Strömqvist—former runway model for Chanel, Balenciaga, Alexander McQueen, and Miu Miu—hails from Meåfors, Sweden, a small farming community that fluctuates in population between 20 to 25 people. When she was seven years old, she was “out in the pasture herding our goats when all of a sudden there was a huge flash of light and I was knocked off my feet.” Strömqvist was struck by lightning. Her rubber boots, presumably, saved her life. Oddly enough, the Swedish word “ ström ” translates to “electrical current or stream.”  Ström , STRÖM, Strömqvist. I can’t make this up. “Great jeans definitely [make] my heart skip a beat,” she says, “just like a dash of lightning.”
There’s also a familial current that runs through Strömqvist’s designs. “I would get my sisters’ hand-me-downs,” she says, “and nothing would fit.” She was the youngest of four girls, one of whom rushed out and pulled her—unconscious after bearing the brunt of a couple hundred million volts—from the pasture.
“She was the runt of the litter,” Fisher interjects.
“I was skin and bones and my build was just so much different from my family,” she tells me. “So I started taking [the hand-me-downs] apart, piece by piece, and re-sewing them to fit, and that was a liberation.”
It’s that calculated artisanal flair that Strömqvist and Fisher hope sets STRÖM apart. “I grew up in an environment where people were always making things with their hands,” Strömqvist recalls. Her grandfather was a shoemaker and her mother was a seamstress. STRÖM passionately applies that hands-on diligence to their designs, taking advantage of the lack of selvage denim available for women in a skinny cut—due to the difficulty of stretching on the old looms required for selvage denim—and creating more unique fits, stretches, and silhouettes for the female form.
As a model, Strömqvist always wondered why only men were afforded the opportunity of wearing selvage denim.
“Selvage was traditionally a man’s workwear,” Fisher notes, which is something STRÖM aims to change.
Beyond the type of denim that STRÖM is working with, Strömqvist’s unique designs put a premium on transformation and modern enhancements on reclaimed fabrics.
Strömqvist has taken that traditional men’s workwear and made pieces such as a skirt that becomes shorts. “Perhaps it’s growing up in Scandinavia and always needing to be able to jump on a bicycle,” she mentions, pausing to run her finger along the zipper. “Texture is what gets me off.” STRÖM is working with 1920s to 1960s debossing plates for patterns, and adding modern flourishes—specially designed hook clasps and magnetic buttons—to add textural sheen to their denim five-pocket jeans, bomber jackets, and suspenders.
Many of Strömqvist’s newest pieces have that shifting quality; a collapsible denim vest, a cashmere hoodie with a zipper in the back, evolving utilities much like Strömqvist herself; the runt of the litter tailoring her sisters’ hand-me-downs, who became an international runway model and then, inevitably, a designer. Photographer: Ian Morrison for opusreps.com.
Hair: Sheenon for traceymattingly.com using UNITE.
Makeup: Desirae Cherman for traceymattingly.com using Tom Ford beauty. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Thomas Wylde  
        Here To Disturb The Peace     
    Paula Thomas is really pissed off about design theft. Sure, there’s the obvious; copyright infringement, loss of sales, and disbursement and homogenization of brand DNA. But for Thomas—the founder, CEO, and creative director of Thomas Wylde, an international brand in its eighth year—this is also personal, the pilfering committed by “mindless people who have no creativity of their own, that feel it is okay to take someone else’s hard work and creative process and make money on it.” Thomas follows with a vigorous: “Shame on them!” And while the designer has a wealth of experience with this particular theft—she’s long sounded off on the piracy of her creations—in a world filled with fast fashion, she’s gotten crafty with her defense strategy: “For me, not doing a fashion show was the best move because by the time my product reaches the market place it is still fresh and exciting.” This seems to naturally lead towards a greater focus on the presentation of the finished product, and thus the launch of her flagship in Los Angeles this spring seemed apt.
The designer’s West L.A. stronghold presents: ingrained intensity, neutral interiors bathed in marble, high ceilings, and, of course, a skull garden. However, the actualization of the brand’s home base was not without its challenges: “This process is intense because I don’t have a big house behind me supporting me financially. This is the doing of [myself and] people who work with me.” It’s clear that, for Thomas, the only reason to do anything is if that thing matters, right down to the wall decor: “The photographs in the store are my personal works. I created and curated the photography ideas and invited other people to come on board and collaborate with me. In the dressing rooms we have images from my second book called Ten Times Rosie, and in the fine jewelry room we have an image from my first book, Death Valley.” [Incidentally, Ten Times Rosie—in collaboration with Rankin and featuring Rosie Huntington-Whiteley—was featured in Flaunt #112: The Big Bang Issue, in which a blissed-out Thomas, fond of hanging out with her pups in the California sunshine exuberantly proclaims, “Fuck New York.”]
The space aims to create a nuanced experience with an “educated staff that know how to service their clients with lifestyle elements, not just fashion,” as a way of fostering a “much more rounded experience.” And while many of these promises can ring flat when funneling through a retail outlet, Thomas approaches with dexterity and perception: She describes her personal style as “mature and sophisticated, but always has a rock vibe,” counts Ridley Scott as a friend and collaborator, and the likes of Rihanna and Angelina Jolie can often be seen draped in the brand’s habiliments.
Next for Thomas? “Denim, fragrance, eyewear, shoes—one day hotels, and then homes! We have a lot to do.” And we hope at that point, still, a skull or two. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   SHIRT BY THOMAS PINK AND WATCH BY CARTIER.     FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: SUIT AND SHIRT BY TOM FORD. SUIT AND SCARF BY HUGO BOSS AND SHIRT BY BROOKS BROTHERS. DRESS BY TOM FORD.     SHIRT BY THOMAS PINK, PANTS BY DEREK LAM, NECKLACE AND BRACELETS BY LELE SADOUGHI, BRACELET BY AURÈLIE BIDERMANN, AND WATCH BY CARTIER.      DRESS BY MICHAEL KORS, BOOTS BY SERGIO ROSSI, BELT BY HERMÈS, AND EARRINGS BY FENTON.      PANTS BY VALENTINO.      LEFTSUIT BY LOUIS VUITTON, TOP BY DEREK LAM, NECKLACE BY LELE SADOUGHI, EARRINGS BY FENTON, AND BAG BY CÉLINE VINTAGE.     SWEATER BY H&M AND SILK SHORTS BY ANGELOS BRATIS.     FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: SUIT, SHIRT, AND SCARF BY TOM FORD. DRESS, BRA, AND COLLAR BY VIONNET AND BRACELETS BY LELE SADOUGHI.     FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: SUIT, SHIRT, AND SCARF BY TOM FORD. FUR COAT BY ADRIENNE LANDAU, LONG DRESS BY ROBERTO CAVALLI, AND HAT BY EUGENIA KIM.     FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: SUIT AND SCARF BY HUGO BOSS AND SHIRT BY BROOKS BROTHERS. SUIT BY ADEAM, TOP BY MATHIEU MIRANO, HAT BY EUGENIA KIM, AND NECKLACE BY LELE SADOUGHI. SUIT, SHIRT, AND SCARF BY TOM FORD.       FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: SUIT, SHIRT, AND SCARF BY TOM FORD. DRESS BY ETRO AND BRACELETS BY LELE SADOUGHI.     FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: FUR BY ADRIENNE LANDAU. SUIT BY TOM FORD.                  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   MESH DRESS BY KAROLYN PHO AND ORGANZA HAND-PAINTED SHAWL BY MECHE CORREA.     JACKET WITH FEATHERS APPLICATION BY ANI ÁLVAREZ CALDERÓN, SATIN BUSTIER DRESS WITH TULLE SKIRT BY MOSCHINO, LEATHER SHOES BY CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN, AND BLACK ORCHID FLOWER HEADPIECE BY MECHE CORREA.     PATTERNED DRESS WITH SEE-THROUGH BRA BY GUCCI, EMBROIDERED SHAWL WITH GOLD THREADS BY MECHE CORREA,  AND LEATHER SHOES BY CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN.     SILK EMBROIDERED SEQUIN DRESS BY MARC JACOBS AND SHAWL WITH FRINGES STYLIST’S OWN.     TULLE CORSET BY CHRISTOPHER KANE, ORGANZA HAND-PAINTED SKIRT BY MECHE CORREA,  LEATHER SHOES BY CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN, AND SHAWL WITH FRINGES STYLIST’S OWN.     LEATHER SLEEVELESS VEST BY COSTUME NATIONAL, ORGANZA AND LACE DRESS BY  ANI ÁLVAREZ CALDERÓN, AND BLUE SEQUIN SHOES BY MARC JACOBS.     ASYMMETRICAL JERSEY DRESS BY VIVIENNE WESTWOOD AND LACE BLOUSE AND BLUE SEQUIN SHOES BY MARC JACOBS.     FEATHER JACKET BY ANI ÁLVAREZ CALDERÓN, FISHNET EMBROIDERED LEGGINGS BY LOUIS VUITTON,  SHOES BY CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN, AND BLACK ORCHID FLOWER HEADPIECE AND BULL HORN RINGS BY MECHE CORREA.     LACE JACKET AND DRESS BY ERDEM AND UNDERWEAR BY AMERICAN APPAREL.     COTTON TOP AND WOOL SKIRT WITH SILK RUFFLES BY DRIES VAN NOTEN AND LEATHER SHOES BY CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN.     SILK EMBROIDERED SEQUIN DRESS AND SHOES BY MARC JACOBS AND SHAWL WITH FRINGES STYLIST’S OWN.                  Beauty Notes: Dewy skin mist and moisture rich silk cream by Tatcha, Liquid foundation, eyebrow shadow, and Lip Balm with OML Plus extracts by AngelÍssima. Essence absolue oil-in-cream by Shu Uemura Art of Hair. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Pick pendant in fossil mammoth tooth, forged mokume gane, titanium, sterling silver, and stainless steel by William Henry. Link Bracelet in fossil mammoth tooth, sterling silver, stainless steel, and diamond by William Henry. Matt Conable photographed by Eric Rose in his studio in January 2014. William Henry Studio photographed by Eric Rose. From left to right: pendant knife in forged Damascus steel blade and sterling silver on leather necklace, Raiden bracelet in sterling silver and onyx, and curb bracelet in sterling silver and spinel gemstone by William Henry.    William Henry  
        The Stone Age Is Looking Modern     
    In many ways, Matt Conable’s craft—functional luxury accessories for men—mirrors his approach to the world.
“It would be a cool mix of old America and frontier,” says founder Matt Conable of his initial concept for his company, William Henry. The same could be said of Conable’s trajectory over the last 20 years.
Abandoning an Ivy League education and heading west at 19, Conable set up a new life in the coastal Santa Cruz area. There he met David Boye, “an old-time hippie knifemaker,” who liked Conable’s piano playing and offered him a job at his store. “That’s kind of how he ran his business,” Conable says, laughing.
It would be a fortuitous moment at a fork in Conable’s life. The self-trained craftsman has since taken his creative vision to heights he says he couldn’t have imagined in his pre-William Henry days. The brand’s knives, pens, cuff links, money clips—and recently, jewelry—exist in a space all their own: They’re crafted with thousand-year-old techniques, and incorporate exotic materials like dinosaur fossil bones, the teeth of woolly mammoths, and 100-thousand-year-old fossil coral sourced from lime pits in the Florida Keys. In this regard, they’re unparalleled.
But to a teenage Conable, it wasn’t readily apparent that an ad-hoc apprenticeship would spark a lifetime interest in knife making. “I would’ve never told you in a million years that it was what I would end up doing. And I didn’t get into it because I was a knife nut. I got into it because it was something to do. I never really thought about knives as anything other than utility—a pocket knife, a kitchen knife—but this guy’s style was very different…I just never bothered to focus on the way form and function, art and utility, can meet in something like a knife or other fine tools. And  that  was interesting. There was some sense of legacy with every action that you took—that these were tools that were going to be around long after we had all gone. And  that  still inspires me.”
In time, Conable branched off from Boye, and he and his girlfriend (now wife) made their way to Arizona where they repurposed an old barn into a workshop. Conable’s girlfriend etched designs into the blades and managed sales while Conable made the knives. Though a humble operation, they caught the attention of some high profile industry insiders. “I was 25 and we were already being accepted into the most prestigious shows in the country—Smithsonian, Philadelphia Museum of Art—these really hoity-toity shows where other craftsmen and artists that were there were another generation away from us.”
But the payoff was table scraps, and Conable second-guessed his trajectory. They moved back to the Bay Area, and if it weren’t for a fateful phone call, Conable would be in a very different place right now. It was a Thursday night when he got the message; the following Monday he was slated to start work at a new company.
“Somehow [Michael Henry Honack] had gotten ahold of my résumé from somebody, and just left me a message saying ‘Hey, love what you’re doing; hear you’re floating right now. I’d love to be part of creating, rather than just consuming this kind of stuff.’ Well, he turned out to be my business partner.” William Henry—a combination of the two men’s middle names—was born.
“The start of William Henry was actually me in a single room upstairs in [Honack’s] glass studio. I had a computer, and three feet away I had my grinder and my drill press and my polishing machines. So I would throw a garbage bag over the computer,” he says laughing, “while I worked on these first pieces so that the dust from them wouldn’t ruin my computer.” The shoddy makeshift scene is a far cry from the luxury of William Henry’s current crop, which has grown into a decidedly luxury brand.
Conable’s knife making past has melded naturally with the company’s expansion over the last couple of decades, as it evolved to incorporate a range of accessories for men that are one part Davy Crockett, one part Clark Gable. “That’s the competitive advantage—I come out of the world of hiding, and it’s a weird, trippy little rock when you look under it; there is a pretty big world. And in that world there’s a lot of real nut balls that are out there,” he says of the knife-making industry. He and the other nut balls know where to look, and that makes for great stories, both pre- and post-production.
“It’s my interest to take all of that aggregated learning that we have at William Henry about where to find these kinds of materials and how to work with them—that whole network that we’ve built over these 15-plus years—and bring that into men’s accessories to really expand the base and give men a reason to be excited. We like to tell stories.”
It’s noticeable how excited he is as he explains: “If you have a [William Henry] bracelet and it looks cool, someone goes ‘That’s nice,’ and you have a story to tell about it that’s more than just ‘Yeah it’s David Yurman.’ ‘Check that out, that’s 300-million-year-old dinosaur fossil bone or hand-forged steel, the same way they used to make samurai swords with 600 layers.’ You’re so much cooler than the next guy in the room with a story like that. We like that stuff. We do. We like those kinds of stories.”
When you’re plucking fossils out of obscure locales or incorporating ancient etching techniques, the pace of production is slow, but that gels with Conable’s outlook. His focus is on quality, not quantity. He wants to find the best materials, the most talented engravers in the world, the most fascinating sources of inspiration.
“All that stuff is great,” he says of other high-end companies making luxury accessories for men. “Beautifully made—mostly beautifully made. Very well-engineered, well-executed. They’re real pros at what they do…But it’s very conservative. It’s conservative mostly in terms of materials, and to me that’s very foundational. It’s all freakin’ silver and gold and onyx and black diamond, maybe tiger’s eye and you’re done. End. And that’s really boring to me. There’s so many cool materials that—even by themselves—are amazing. They  are  the decoration, rather than needing to be [decorated]. They have a story to tell.”
Integral to William Henry’s expansion to jewelry is the inclusion of Seattle-based jeweler Tomas Wittelsbach, who joined the team in June of 2013. Prior to then, “Everything that we designed, everything that we made, was me,” says Conable.
Wittelsbach adds a new aesthetic to the brand, which “is much more modern, much more rock ‘n’ roll, much more jewelry as people think of it,” Conable says. “His aesthetic comes very much from a focus on Japan and Asia in general, fused with a kind of pagan-goth rock ‘n’  roll. Although that’s not all that he does, that’s where we are tending to lean. But if you want some beautiful Celtic piece, he’s got that, too. His talent’s very broad.”
That aesthetic will blend with the existing qualities of Conable’s own tastes. “The story is really going to be about these two disparate designers—how they meet and bump into each other and mix. One is this amazing sculptor—who’s used to doing $800,000 sculpting commissions for, you know, royalty in Japan—who has taken that aesthetic and scaled it all down into things that are wearable, against  me , in my relatively timeless, elegant, neutral, mechanically precise approach that’s really founded in materials.”
Jewelry is not as purely utilitarian as William Henry’s other accessories, but there’s a perk to that: They’re much more visible. A pocketknife, a pen, a money clip...those stay tucked into pockets—occasionally the pockets of very high-profile red carpet types, but pockets nonetheless. Jewelry offers the brand a chance to become more visible—and that means more stories, Conable’s driving inspiration. The fossils, the precious stones, the intricate designs—they’re conversation pieces, and Conable’s looking forward to seeing more of those conversations come to life.
“Gold is just gold—there are 20 places in my town I can buy as much as I want. Silver? Forget about it; it’s in 200 places. It’s not rare; it’s a commodity. It has a market value and can be beautifully rendered, but fundamentally you’re not creating a distinctive personality for yourself when you’re buying that stuff, compared to what we’re able to offer. We have to figure out how to tell those stories in a meaningful way. Brass, copper, and nickel on their own are not precious materials. But this one guy who has managed to force and twist them into, ‘mokume gane,’ a remarkable patterned material where no two pieces are ever going to have the same grain structure? Now that’s amazing.”
The rest has yet to unfold, as stories do, but Conable is clearly ready to see it in action. “I’m trying to build stuff that is at the limit of my current imagination, and hopefully by the time I build that, my imagination will have made a leap forward and I’ll already be unsatisfied with what I built because I know what I  could  do.” Still life Photographer: Kenji Toma for cartelandco.com.
Portrait photographer: Eric Rose at filmesque.com. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   VEST BY CULT OF INDIVIDUALITY, SHORTS AND BELT BY DIESEL BLACK GOLD, SHOES BY DRIES VAN NOTEN, CUFF BY HERMÈS, AND BAG BY BESS NYC.      T-SHIRT BY 3.1 PHILLIP LIM, SHORTS BY BIG STAR, SHOES BY PAUL SMITH, EARRINGS BY ALEXIS BITTAR, AND RINGS BY MAISON MARTIN MARGIELA.     JACKET BY BILLY REID, SHIRT BY ORIGINAL PENGUIN, SHORTS BY HUDSON, BELT BY BESS NYC, SUNGLASSES BY KENNETH COLE, AND BAG BY ETRO.      JACKET BY G-STAR RAW, SWEATER BY TIGER OF SWEDEN, SHORTS BY ISSEY MIYAKE, RING BY MAISON MARTIN MARGIELA, AND FANNY PACK BY MARTIN KEEHN.      SWEATER BY AG, SHORTS BY LOUIS VUITTON, SHOES BY GUESS, AND GLASSES BY DIESEL.     VEST BY CALVIN KLEIN COLLECTION, SHORTS BY CALVIN KLEIN JEANS, AND EARRINGS BY MARIA BLACK.      PULLOVER AND BUTTON-DOWN SHIRT BY DRIES VAN NOTEN AND SHORTS BY ORIGINAL PENGUIN.     JACKET BY PAPER DENIM & CLOTH, TANK TOP BY ALEXANDER WANG, SHORTS BY MARTIN KEEHN, AND SHOES BY MISSONI.      BUTTON-DOWN SHIRT BY JACOB DAVIS, TANK TOP BY LOUIS VUITTON, PANTS BY GUCCI, GLASSES BY MONTBLANC, BRACELET BY MIANSAI AVAILABLE AT MRPORTER.COM, AND RING BY BIJULES.      BUTTON-DOWN SHIRT AND TANK TOP BY VIVIENNE WESTWOOD MAN, JEANS BY 7 FOR ALL MANKIND, EARRINGS BY MARIA BLACK, AND RING BY BIJULES.      SWEATER BY ALEXANDER MCQUEEN AVAILABLE AT MRPORTER.COM, JEANS BY GUESS, BELT BY BESS NYC, EAR CUFF BY BJØRG, AND BRACELET BY BALENCIAGA AVAILABLE AT MRPORTER.COM.     JACKET BY G-STAR RAW, SWEATER BY TIGER OF SWEDEN, SHORTS BY ISSEY MIYAKE, RING BY MAISON MARTIN MARGIELA, AND FANNY PACK BY MARTIN KEEHN.      JACKET AND BUTTON-DOWN SHIRT BY RAF SIMONS, TANK TOP BY DIOR HOMME, JEANS BY TIGER OF SWEDEN, AND SHOES BY SANTONI.                   Grooming Notes: Hypoallergenic Nourishing Moisturizer by Perricone MD and protective lip balm by Aesop. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   They’re back. We’ve said this about acid washed denim; about poltergeists; about Destiny’s Child, the A Team, buff boys, and basically a bunch of other badass swag. And now we’re saying it about Vuarnet Sunglasses—those hauntingly cool and classic French shades popularized on Europe’s snazziest slopes back in the 60s, when hotshot lens-crafters, Roger Pouilloux and Joseph Hatchiguian, teamed up with dashing ski maestro Jean Vuarnet to popularize the Skilynx lens. Of course, the lens suited the slope steerer perfectly (all those crystalline reflections on the white pow-pow) or the big time sailor (all those flashing water refractions on the ocean surface)—and Vuarnet flourished, cornering those markets (first as a sponsor for the French National Ski Team, and second, as the sole sunglass sponsor of the America’s Cup boat race). But let’s be honest—though we may own yachts, and jet off to Mont Blanc for a little schussing and schnitzel, not everyone does. Most—80% of the world’s population in fact—are living in urban environs, quite distant from the usual blinding surfaces of snow and water. Thus, the clever eyewear mongers determined there hadn’t yet been a pair of glasses suited specifically to the refractive environs of our ultra-sleek, ultra-urbanized, contemporary existence. Void recognized; void filled—Vuarnet is releasing two new models of Category 3 eyewear (the Citylynx and Nautilux). What better way then, to kill a few birds with a pair shades? Written by Leonardo Schneidermann Photographed by Ian Morrison  Artwork by Chris Moon   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Shirt by RICK OWENS Jacket by KRIS VAN ASSCHE Shirt by RICK OWENS    Care for a Dream with Centaurs? That Can be Arranged  
        featuring Leah Labelle      
    Photographer: Gitte Meldgaard at GittePhoto.com.
Stylist: Laura Duncan for Lauraduncanart.com.
Hair: Jarrett Iovinella for TheMagnetAgency.com.
 Beauty Editor & Makeup: Donald Simrock for MargaretMaldonado.com. Embroidered cocktail Dress by Falguni and Shane Peacock. Brocade dress by Falguni and Shane Peacock and Horn headdress by Miss G Designs.
Lace dress by Philip Armstrong and Horn headdress by Miss G Designs. Beauty Notes: Diorskin nude BB Créme in light by Dior. Bronzer in terra by Tom Ford. Taj Mahal powder and kajal pencil in black by Lise Watier. Mascara in volume express in rocket black by Maybelline. And heat wave eye shadow palette in gold by Smashbox Cosmetics.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Classic shoulder Bag in crocodile by The Row.     Dress by Balenciaga, crocodile embossed calf hair Eva Lux shoulder bag by MCM, and Bracelet by Karine Sultan.     Skirt by Christopher Kane, python ankle boots by Nicholas Kirkwood, Crocodile backpack by Dominie, and Cuff by M.C.L by Matthew Campbell Laurenza.     Bathing Suit by Marie France van Damme, Shoes by Monika Chiang, Cuff by Céline, and promenade satchel in crocodile by Prada.                  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Paisley scuba housecoat with marabou feather lining and silk and lace romper by Louis Vuitton and Leather knee high boots by Christian Louboutin. Wool dress with silk pleating detail by Bottega Veneta. Tulle and lace embroidered dress by Tom Ford. Wool long coat with gold studs and Patent leather leotard with fur mock collar by Versace. Floral printed wool coat with zipper details, Silk wrap, Floral printed wool short shorts, and Leather boots by Givenchy. Cashmere jacket, Cashmere long vest, and Cashmere pants by Hermès. Shaved mink dress and Boiled wool cropped top by Céline. Wool sleeveless tank with beaver fur trims and Wool skirt by Fendi.  Floral embroidered silk dress with cotton wide collar and cuffs by Valentino. Gray fox coat and Silk dress with extended train by Lanvin and Leather heels by Christian Louboutin.       To Know My Enemy, I Had To Become My Enemy, & It Sucked  
        Photographed by David Agbodji     Photographer : David Agbodji for Heartofbullstudio.com.
 Style Director : Long Nguyen.
 Associate Fashion Editor : ZaQuan Champ.
 Model : Sara Sampaio for Womenmanagement.com, New York.
 Hair : Emi Agio at Emiagio.com.
 Makeup : U-ki Nakamura for Heartofbullstudio.com. Beauty Notes: Genius Gel Super-Charged Foundation in Cocoa Light, Style Eye-Con No. 7 Plush Shadow, Magic Marc’er Precision Pen in Blacquer, Lust for Lacquer Lip Vinyl in Fame, Lovemarc Lip Gel in Seduce Me, and Enamored Hi-Shine Nail Lacquer in Petra by Marc Jacobs Beauty and Revitalizing Mist with Ojon Oil by Ojon.  Tonic Lotion and Bb Prep by Bumble and bumble. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Silk satin dress, leopard print stockings, leather heels, and printed ponyhair hat by Gaultier Paris.      Wool asymmetrical dress with side embroidered details and satin knots and flat sandals by Viktor & Rolf.      Gold hand painted strapless feather mini-dress and Lamb suede leather gloves by Eric Tibusch.       Silk embroidered vest with lion print, Chiffon blouse, Satin long skirt with leaf embroideries, and Leather heels by Valentino Haute Couture.       Cotton gauze petticoat dress by Yiqing Yin.     3D printed rubber on metal cage skeleton strapless dress and 3D printed rubber platform heels by Iris Van Herpen.       Embroidered silk tulle long sleeve t-shirt, Silk organza layered skirt, and Leather boots by Dior Haute Couture     Silk tulle embroidered tank, Double layer organza long skirt, and Leather heels by Giorgio Armani Privé.  Silk tulle embroidered short sleeve vest, Silk chiffon embroidered slip tank, Organza belted flared pants, and Leather heels by Giorgio Armani Privé.     Silk satin dress with tulle bolero by Alexis Mabille.     Silk cady mini-dress embroidered with crystals, silver hooks, and lace and Silk tulle beaded corset by Atelier Versace.     White fox fur coat with embroidered neck, Suede leggings, Leather heels, and Leather gloves by Ulyana Sergeenko.       Silk crepe deep–V lapel dress with side slit, Satin corset, and Leather heels by Alexandre Vauthier.             Silk hand painted sleeveless dress with train and leather belt by Giambattista Valli Couture.                   It was an uncertain time for Paris Couture. Some of the craft’s devout adherents, like YSL’s long time business partner, Peter Berge, pronounced with certainty that Couture was on the verge of death. His prophetic words seemed a bleak reality, with the closing of many premier fashion houses, from Thierry Mugler to Christian Lacroix, who succumbed to bankruptcy in July, 2009. Despite the global economic downturn and the prolonged financial crisis severely dampening wealth, Couture has survived its apparent external threats and is miraculously thriving, avoiding what the French laconically called la crise. Since January 2009, when Alexandre Vauthier launched his first show inscribing his signature of exaggerated shoulder and extreme deep-v navel cuts with an intermix of structure and fluidity, designers like Bouchra Jarrar and Iris Van Herpen have energized Couture with their unique and uncompromising approach, defining the meaning of Couture for a new generation accustomed to fast fashion. And the recent appointment of Raf Simons at Dior has not only sparked a renovation of the house’s heritage but also abetted the transformation of Couture. Vauthier was in full command of his spirit and techniques—from his black tailored wool biker jacket with black fox fur trims, and silk crepe harem pants with tapered legs, to Lindsey Wixson’s Lesage embroidered v-neck short dress with Lemarié baby blue marabou feather train that closed the show. Vauthier’s mathematically precise cutting and draping techniques, as seen in the asymmetrical waistline of a gold satin strapless long dress, or the open back one sleeve white dress, aren’t haphazard but honed over his years spent working at Thierry Mugler and at Gaultier Couture where he mastered skills directly imparted by the seasoned premières atelier who took refuge at Gaultier after the closure of Yves Saint Laurent in 2002. “Couture has always been the same over the years to me,” Vauthier says. “When I first started in fashion in 2002, they were already saying that Couture was very near its deathbed. Couture today is awakened again by a new wave of people, both designers and customers, who are interested and seduced by Couture. I launched my company in the worst period of the financial and economic crisis our generation has ever known when I showed in January 2009. Business today is spanned evenly across Europe, Asia, the Middle East, the Americas, and Russia. “Time is the ultimate in luxury—the time required to measure and to cut the clothes, to embroider, or to think about the right color of the fabric to match the client’s skin. Before it’s a spectacle, Couture is about technicalities or savoir-faire and also about the artisans behind the scene.” The day after her showing at the Musée Bourdelle, Bouchra Jarrar echoes a similar sentiment. “Couture must adapt to our times, to our new techniques. For me, Couture only makes sense if it is part of our times. We are in 2013 and Couture must testify to our epoch. I work in a contemporary manner. I attract my clients because my strength is to create a wearable Couture. My Couture is for the daytime.” In her eighth collection, Jarrar reinforced her signature elegant and meticulously cut daywear clothes with a street-wear sensibility by mixing her clean-cut silhouettes with low-slung leather and metal chain belts, or a lamb leather sleeveless biker jacket worn with a flawless white satin trouser. “Women today are very free and very active and Couture must accompany this modernity,” she says. “I am very sensible to the women around me and to the women in the arts and cultures, but not one particular type of woman is my inspiration because I design for women in general. It’s the force of femininity and sensuality that inspire me, because I am a woman. It’s my sense of elegance for the women who wear my clothes. What makes me really happy is that my clients are international, a lot of Americans and Europeans. I am starting very well in Japan and we also have clients in the Middle East... “The most important thing for me is to propose a very clear idea to my customers. To disperse is not my style and I am not comfortable with the bidding.” To this respect, she dispensed with frivolity in her evening clothes, free of elaborate embroideries or decorations, creating instead a black white and nude crepe satin and a long silk panel dress. “The technical skills and my specific work on cuts guide my creations,” she explains about the work required for each collection. “It is the focus on research and on the technical work that my ideas are nurtured and realized. I work with many of the Haute Couture ateliers around Paris. Each atelier has specific techniques and they worked on the select part of the collection that I guided them each season...Couture is about time and about being human.” For Dutch designer Iris Van Herpen, Couture is “the laboratory of fashion, a place to discover, to love, and to seduce.” Following her fifth show in Paris, appropriately titled “Wilderness Embodied,” Van Herpen remarks backstage, “Without Couture, the dream of fashion is dead. Commerce needs that dream. I see the future of Couture as the place where process is made and inspiration is found. Personally I like the interdisciplinary approach, to combine the craft of fashion with other disciplines like science, art, architecture, biologists, et cetera. Craft will change and traditional Couture will change but the essence [of] the art of fashion will stay. Slowly technology and craft are mixed, but so much more is possible. Couture creates freedom to me...In my work I discover the art of fashion, the movement of the body, the identity of a women, and the technology of the future.” To fabricate her unique treatment of materials, Van Herpen engaged in high tech 3D printing and laser cuts. She uses the process to create her poetic vision of Couture, this time a surreal exploration of body structures, like a shiny metallic grey dress with strings of rubber protruding like coils and exoskeletons, all in the form of 3D black rubber. For her nude rubber sheath dress, Van Herpen says, “I saw this terrible website online with silicone masks for horror movies. I found the three-dimensionality of the masks incredible when I looked past their ugly facade. If you look at animals like tigers, iguanas, snakes, et cetera…and you compare [them] to humans, our skin is quite boring. Our beauty lies not in colors, in patterns, or in lines. It’s inspiring to see how people decorate their skins, by scarification, piercings, and tattoos. I translate these skin decorations into dresses using the silicone material…The bones are 3D printed, the dragon skin (silicone) is handmade. They are merged together into one material.” Van Herpen insists that the old and the new must combine to foster a harmonious transformation of fashion. “I do not consider technology as central in my work; I would say it is in balance with traditional craft. For me, they both need each other. They both fight for a place in my work. In the beginning they stood next to each other; now they are merged together and [have] found more harmony. I 3D printed my first piece for my Crystallization collection for Fall 2010 and I have used and refined the technology ever since. Technology creates freedom and more possibilities when you use it right. Combined with craft it creates a balance between the old and the new. It triggers me to not only design a new dress or garment, but to think about new ways of making that dress. The process becomes more exciting instead of only focusing on an end product.” In fostering a new idea of Couture, Vauthier, Jarrar, and Van Herpen’s distinct voices have swept away Couture’s stodginess and have made opulent and meticulous clothes constructed by a small army of artisans and craftspeople using traditional techniques. Vauthier and Jarrar rally these essential crafts unique to Paris to the service of creating clothes that matter to the lives of modern women; Van Herpen seeks a symbiosis between tradition and technology to fathom a new mode for creative fashion. Couture remains a human enterprise—a tangency these designers wholeheartedly share.     Photographer: Taka Mayumi for office-sept.com.
Style Director: Long Nguyen.
Models: Pau Bertolini, Bria Condon, and Leaf Zhang for Ouimanagement.com, Paris and Kinee Diouf for IMGmodels.com, Paris.
Hair: Sandra Lambazi for Modshair.com.
Makeup: Christopher Kam for Airportagency.com Diorskin Poudre Libre in Light, Diorskin Poudre Shimmer in Rose Diamond, 5 Couleurs Couture Colour Eyeshadow Palette in Incognito, Stylish Move, and Royal Khaki, Diorshow New Look Mascara in Brown and Blue, Rouge Dior in Beige, Mythical Pink, and Pink Extase, and Dior Vernis in Incognito, Sienna, and Ivory by Dior.  Black Hair Powder by Bumble and bumble.  Revitalizing Mist with Ojon Oil, Volume Advance Styling Spray, and Rare Blend Oil Total Hair Therapy by Ojon. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Silk sequin dress and Leather heels by Marc Jacobs. 2013 LR4 HSE 5.0 Liter V8 6-Speed ZF Commandshift by Land Rover.     Felt wool and leather coat and Leather boots by Alexander Wang.     Lamb leather dress with side slit, sheer chiffon neckline, and silk velvet sleeves and Leather heels by Altuzarra.     Printed pony jacket and matching skirt and Lace rubber band low heels by Proenza Schouler.     Lamb leather jacket, Wool corset short dress with side slit, Leather heels, and Fox fur scarf by Altuzarra.     Cashmere sequined sweater, Cashmere pants, and Leather shoes by Alexander Wang.     Silk corset with overlay, Wool cigarette pants, and leather heels by Jason Wu.     Silk pajama jacket, Micro-shorts, and Leather heels by Marc Jacobs.                  Beauty notes:  Double Wear Mineral Rich Loose Powder Makeup 1.0, Pure Color Illuminating Powder Gelée in Heat Wave, Pure Color Five Color Eye Shadow Palette in Desert Heat, Pure Color EyeShadow in Glistening Gold and Sugar Biscuit, Sumptuous Extreme Waterproof Mascara in Black, All Day Lipstick in Pink, Pure Color Sheer Matte Lipstick in Rock Candy, and Pure Color Nail Lacquer in Nudité by Estée Lauder. Tonic Lotion, Hairdresser’s Invisible Oil, and Styling Crème by Bumble and bumble.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Satin nylon jacket and cotton ankle-length pants with sheer silk nylon overlay by Hood By Air and Leather harness boots by The Frye Company.  Cotton shirt coat with zippers and Cotton drawstring pants with logo by Hood By Air. Leather jacket with attached mandarin collar vest and Leather shorts with knee-zippered pockets by Hood By Air and Leather lace-up Earthkeepers 6-inch boots by Timberland. Leather short pants with side zippers and knee pockets by Hood By Air and Leather lace-up Earthkeepers 6-inch boots by Timberland. Shayne Oliver photographed in Harlem, N.Y. in July 2013. Leather crewneck jacket with shoulder and elbow zippers and Cotton drawstring sweatpants with upper thigh zippers by Hood By Air. Cotton long sleeve logo t-shirt by Hood By Air. Leather puffer coat with asymmetrical zipper by Hood By Air.     Hood By Air Fall/Winter 2013  
        “I work for my own Pleasure.” “Oh, come on, Don't be Selfish.”     Garments are composed of certain rigid structures that, despite their seemingly infinite possibility of variations—shorter here, longer there, higher armholes, tighter or looser lines—limit the fashion designer’s ability to offer a sense of newness each season. Nonetheless, a designer can sniff out the undercurrents of the socio-cultural zeitgeist and coalesce those sentiments into a collection that epitomizes a newness, the present moment where the tumult of underground fashion, music, and art commingle. Cue New York Fashion Week, Fall 2013. Midnight blue flashes on vertically installed neon LED lights at the end of the platform, scarcely making a quick paced silhouette visible. White lights suddenly beam onto the figure, revealing a shiny black leather down jacket with sweat sleeves, leather sleeve gloves, a black logo sweatshirt, a second black sweatshirt wrapped around the waist in lieu of shorts, and black leggings that reveal just a hint of upper thigh. For those unfamiliar with the scene, that presentation took place at the Hood By Air (HBA) show at Milk Studios. An array of looks from the show encompassed classic staples in designer Shayne Oliver’s fashion vocabulary. By placing equal emphasis on street and design beyond the rigid contours of masculine-feminine, HBA transforms into appealing wardrobes that often feel beyond mere sporty or designer wares. With his characteristically loose approach, Oliver, 25, often breaks sartorial gender rules, nonchalantly combining different elements into one outfit; for example, dropped waist denim pants with zippers on the upper thigh that convert into shorts, worn under white shorts. These basic street wear designs, including T-shirts and sweatshirts branded with giant logos and prints, juxtapose with avant-garde ‘downtown’ elements; midriff tops and sheer nylon overlaying sweatpants instill an overt sexual prowess onto otherwise coarse athletic street wear. Oliver’s interest in fashion developed organically, “I was always playing around with clothes, especially my own clothes,” the designer says, fresh from a trip scouting denim production resources in Los Angeles. “I lived with my grandmother, who was a seamstress in Trinidad, until I was about eleven years old. When I came back to live with my mother in East New York, everyone that I saw was wearing all kinds of T-shirts and sweatshirts. I wanted to make the T-shirts that I wore a bit different by ripping them, re-sewing, and spray-painting them.” As his craft evolved, his business sense followed, if not without a few missteps. “I started to make my own clothes—and make clothes that I wanted to sell—right out of high school. I knew what I wanted to do but I was very naïve. When I first started, I would make a few items and I would take them to stores and try to sell them. I had no idea how the fashion system worked. I decided to switch to FIT [Fashion Institute of Technology] from a fine arts school.” Even then, he was restless; he dropped out of FIT in 2006.  “I started to realize that lifestyle was much more important, specifically in New York. I looked around where I lived, what was around me, and the circle of friends I had at the time—the downtown kids and the outer borough kids.” Understandably, his maturation in New York, specifically Brooklyn, is a constant source of inspiration for the streetwear aspects of his designs. Even so, it gradually becomes clear that his avant-garde leanings can also be traced back to the borough. “Jay Z and Roc-A-Fella culture pretty much ran Brooklyn. It was the height of the hip-hop era where street style and expensive fashion were kings. But underneath, there were kids who would wear Dior Homme by Hedi Slimane—it was rare because it was early on in 2002. I didn’t even know exactly what Dior Homme was at the time.” He continues, “The early aughts were a crazy period in Brooklyn and I was just absorbing what was around me.” Outside of powerhouses McQueen and Gaultier in the ’80s, further influences for Oliver appear to be homegrown. “I started to go out and I was hanging out with the homothug kids. That culture was about taking street clothes to another level, but allowing them to still remain street clothes.” Ah, homothug, a word one doesn’t hear often in 2013. As with many subcultures it can be hard to pin down its collapse. “It’s crazy right? I don’t know [when it happened] but it just vanished. Maybe the failing economy was part of its demise, too. But ‘homothug’ was losing its identity because so many kids wanted to imitate it [that] it wasn’t authentic anymore. It was very clique-y toward the end. When the kids who originate the look know it’s over, then you know it’s done.” Oliver’s first offerings in 2006 were light in construction. “I started to do slogan T-shirts. I didn’t really start with a brand or anything—I was just printing things and experimenting with T-shirts and sweatshirts, then moving on to more clothing items.” That began to change for the designer in 2007. “I started to experiment with cutting and sewing. I would take a sweatshirt and reconfigure it and then I start to think about doing it from scratch, like making patterns for them. The first ‘collection’ so to speak, was around mid-2008.” That fall collection, ‘Higher Learning,’ contained black sweatshirts with cutout inside sleeves, a black and gray windbreaker with black knee shorts, a black knee tee-dress with white prints, and black shorts with black tights and slim sweat tops. There were black fluid embroidered dress shirts and white “Realness” logo tee-dresses worn with nylon cropped coats. In this—his first “real” season—the parameters that would define the designer’s aesthetic began to emerge. From there, with the help of a production partner, Oliver began to explore more complex techniques, experimenting with pleating and zippers until 2009, when his collections abruptly stopped. “My production manager was leaving the country and I wasn’t able to complete the new collection. At the time I was DJing at events with Venus X [of GHE20G0TH1K] to help finance the collection, so I had to stop until mid-2011.” The break may have become a necessary gap in the designer’s creative process. “I took the time that I was doing DJ gigs to think about how to reconfigure things, how it all works together, and how to reemerge.” His comeback in 2011 came after that two-year hiatus, when the designer was able to scrape together funds for a presentation. “It wasn’t a collection, I was just putting a lot of different concepts out there—nothing cohesive just a bunch of ideas. I wanted to come back with different elements that would be coming soon.” The show was a varied offering: gray tight sweatpants with a front skirt panel and long back train; a gray wool jacket with suspenders serving as button closures, paired with white cotton asymmetric shorts with one flared leg. A mixed cast of models wore re-appropriated UFO pants with tight doo-rags on their heads, walking around the small loft in white or black thigh high socks and old Jack Purcells modified into slippers. That evening’s gathering downtown was a quiet explosion far from fashion’s mainstream. From there, HBA began to regain its foothold within popular culture. Most recently, rapper A$AP Rocky closed the Fall 2013 show, prowling down the runway in a charcoal neoprene slim logo coat and black capri pants, cementing HBA’s current status among diverse urban performers and audiences. His current production expansion is quiet and gradual with each move carefully considered. He notes that his pace is intentional, as he proceeds with HBA’s resurrection “slowly and in an organic way.” His pieces are currently available at Opening Ceremony and VFiles in New York, Colette in Paris, online retailers like RSVP Gallery, Selfridges, and Harvey Nichols in London. Not bad for a designer peddling wares that can be a bit tougher to swallow than your average high street knock-offs. Oliver is quick to remind us, “There are kids who want to present themselves just a little bit ‘off’ from the mainstream street look.” Oliver is one of those kids, and as the originator of his own subculture, it appears he has its identity confidently in check. Photographer: Aram Bedrossian for Factorydowntown.com, New York.
Style Director: Long Nguyen.
Associate Fashion Editor: ZaQuan Champ.
Models: Manny Cruz, Eric Ramos, and Taejahn Taylor for Requestmodels.com, New York. Grooming Notes: Repairing Moisturizer Emulsion by Dior Homme and Pure Abundance Volumizing Hair Spray by Aveda. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Wool Check Coat by Versace, Sateen Denim Jeans by Koral, Leather Loafers with Studs by Walter Steiger, and Metal and Tweed Necklace and Metal and Tweed Belt by Chanel.     Printed Cotton Pique Bonded Top by Lacoste, Fem Straight Leg Selvedge Jeans in Vintage Wash by STROM, Patchwork Denim and Leather Ankle Boots by Jen Kao, and White Gold and White Diamond Wing Earrings by Ana Khouri.     Overalls in Medium Aged Destroy by G-Star, knit jacquard blooming tapestry leggings by Suno, gold leather loafers by Laurence Dacade for Thakoon, and vintage diamond necklace in 18k Yellow gold from beladora.com.     Cashmere and mink double coat by Fendi, denim jacket by Vivienne Westwood Anglomania, and denim patchwork dress by Louis Vuitton.     Oversized lamb suede poncho with belt at waist by STROM, classic denim shirt with leather trim by Rag & Bone, and vintage mid-century sapphire and diamond earrings in 14K white gold.     Neoprene bonded calfskin animal print cabana by Burberry Prorsum, merino wool high neck bodysuit with leather detail by Gucci, boyfriend shorts in 13.5oz Japanese gold selvedge by Civilianaire, and black gold and black diamonds “Arachnid” earrings by Ana Khouri.     Wool blend coat by Vivienne Westwood gold label, double knit mixed wool lattice top and double knit mixed wool lattice skirt by Elizabeth and James, the absolute legging in abstract print by AG Adriano Goldschmied, and calfskin shoes by Robert Clergerie.     The ‘Debbie’ denim vest by AG Adriano Goldschmied, bi colour scuba wool suiting skirt by Tom Ford, vintage van clef & arpels diamond necklace in 18K yellow gold, vintage bracelet in rose, yellow, and 18k white gold, and vintage bracelet in 18K yellow gold from Beladora.com, sol y sombra white gold with diamonds rose cut bracelet by Carrera Y Carrera, and diamond ring by Demarco.     Leather, denim, and wool flannel coat by Diesel Black Gold, wool tweed sleeveless top and wool tweed briefs by Dolce & Gabbana, leather knee-high Lace-up boots by Blumarine, and vintage modernist diamond earrings in 18K yellow gold from Beladora.com.     Fantasy tweed caban by Chanel and denim tank top by Rebecca Vallance.     Denim patchwork dress by Jen Kao, lace-up leather shoes by Marni, and black gold and black diamonds “Arachnid” earrings by Ana Khouri.     Denim patchwork Kimono coat by Jen Kao, shirt by G-Star, boy and girl cut relaxed cropped jeans by Rich & Skinny, metal and tweed belt by Chanel, and leather loafers with studs by Walter Steiger.                  Beauty Notes: Uplight Face Luminizer Gel in Dewy Gold Beige, Aqua Cream Eye Shadow in Soft Copper Shimmer and Roughe Artist Intense Lipstick in Satin Black by Make up for Ever, O-Gloss Intuitive Lip Gloss by Smashbox Cosmetics  and Tres Extra-Firm Control Mousse by Tresemmé. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Jacket by James Long, Shirt by AG Adriano Goldschmied, Skirt by Louis Vuitton, Shoes by Vivienne Westwood, Necklaces by Tomasz Donocik, and Gold signet ring by Sophie Breitmeyer.     Jacket by 7 For All Mankind, Trousers by Paul Smith, Lace Bra by Calvin Klein, Necklaces by Tomasz Donocik, and Signet floral ring by Sophie Breitmeyer.     Top and Jeans by Ashish.     Top by Phoebe English, Jeans by MIH, Bra by American Apparel, Shoes by Vivienne Westwood, Ring model’s own, and Gold signet ring by Sophie Breitmeyer.     Jacket and Skirt by Christopher Kane, Top by AG Adriano Goldschmied, and Gold signet ring by Sophie Breitmeyer.     Jacket by Paul & Joe, Vest by Marques’ Almeida, Shirt by G-Star, Jeans by J Brand, Bra by American Apparel, Cuff by Tomasz Donocik, and Gold signet ring by Sophie Breitmeyer.     Tank by AllSaints, Jeans by Wildfox, Necklace by Tomasz Donocik, and gold signet ring by Sohpie Breitmeyer.     Coat by Rag & Bone, T-shirt by American Apparel, Jeans by Christopher Shannon, Shoes by Paul & Joe, and Rings by Sophie Breitmeyer.                  Beauty Notes: Radiance Booster Color Correcting Primer and Diorskin Shimmer Star Blush in Rose Diamond by Dior, Limitless 15 Hour Wear Cream Eye Shadow in Bronze and Be Legendary Lipstick in Matte Coral Pink by Smashbox Cosmetics, and No Smudge Mascara by Bobbi Brown. Styling Wax by Bumble and Bumble. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   
        A Pseudo-Factual Account of Denim Ad Debauchery     Courtesy of Wrangler, a division of VF Jeanswear Limited Partnership.  Wrangler
Wrangler may be synonymous with rodeos and country life these days, but the brand’s storied history offers a glimpse into the psyche of denim buyers of yesteryear. The company dug in more than a hundred years ago with C.C. Hudson, who created Blue Bell Overall Company, which bought the name ‘Wrangler’ before knowing what to do with it. By 1947, the company introduced their original pair of jeans, geared toward cowboys, with many of the features built to withstand hard manual labor and offer comfort while working. Skip ahead to the ’70s: The jeans are re-appropriated by youth culture, cracking open an opportunity for Wrangler. They seize it, releasing ads geared toward the younger generation. Sex appeal and style are key: a woman’s hand on a man’s leg, female forms tightly wrapped in the durable denim, and couples entwined like Siamese cats. It was said when the campaign released that women of the Southwest blinded their husbands with hot pokers. According to legend, 100 women were prosecuted for the offense, leading the governors of Texas and Louisiana to declare states of emergency. One such offender was Margaret Filcher, who in her own defense stated, “Well I’ve been thinking about it for years anyway.” Courtesy of Lee® Jeans, a division of VF Jeanswear Limited Partnership. Lee
Lee originated as a brand for the able-bodied, the working folks of the late nineteenth century who needed those sturdy dungarees to survive. The company was born in Kansas, the land of wheat and sunflowers, and continued to outfit America well into the twentieth century with their eight-ounce denim bib overalls, jackets and signature “Union-All” work jumpsuits. The twenties were a great era for Lee. By that decade, Lee was outfitting little kids, giving birth to their mascot Buddy Lee, a creepishly cute doll with a sinister, knowing grin. By the seventies, Lee changed their image again, marketing themselves as a fashion label for the hip, urban youth. Ads showed off their plaid pant apparel for everyday wear. Printed in Playboy in 1970, the ad made clear that Lee wasn’t just for workers or people with creepy doll fetishes anymore. When the images premiered, the world practically shut down. The state of Kansas, in particular, was so shocked by the model’s open legs that there was a state mandate to burn all wheat crop as a sign of protest. This resulted in something called the Dust Bowl. Photographed by David Lachapelle. Diesel
The Italian denim brand, founded by Renzo Rosso and his mentor Adriano Goldschmied, was created in 1978 with the ambition to provide not only a unique fashion line but one that would be a leader in trends. By 1991 they reached international recognition with their ad campaigns, and shortly after, in ’96, they opened their first flagship store in New York City. While Diesel’s roots are in denim, they have expanded into a lifestyle brand, known in equal measure for their eyewear, fragrance, footwear, sportswear, et cetera. In 1995, Diesel made quite a commotion with an ad shot by photographer David LaChapelle that depicted two sailors kissing each other during a peace celebration at the end of World War II. Many were supportive of the ad, and celebrated gay rights by sporting Diesel all about town. One would assume that the anti-gay organizations of America would be livid, but the image strangely went unnoticed in these communities. The ad actually became a particular celebrated piece in the home of a beloved pageant queen of the early ’90s. Her parents hung the art in their infamous basement, where it inspired many of her pageant looks (such as the hot-pink cowgirl outfit she wore at the Colorado State All Star Pageant of ‘95), until the following year, when she contracted gigantism and the poster had to come down. Photographed by Olivier Toscani. Jesus Jeans
Founded in Italy in 1971 by Maurizio Vitale, Jesus Jeans was the first to bring jeans manufacturing to the Soviet Union, virtually eliminating the demand for black market denim in the region. Under the creative direction of Oliviero Toscani and Emanuele Pirella, the line created a crop of sacrilegious advertisements, conceiving such slogans as: “Have no other jeans before me” and “He who loves me follows me.” The move shocked the (largely Catholic) Italian population, receiving a condemnation from the Vatican itself. Following the death of Vitale in 1987, the denim brand went dormant, only recently facing revival with a niche audience. The brand continues to build anticipation around religious-based controversy, recently attempting to copyright the name Jesus. Allegedly, following the release of the campaign, the Vatican recommended wandering eyes recite ten Hail Marys and wash their orbs thoroughly in the canals. Some said Pope Paul VI did not share that sentiment, noting, “He who loves me, follows me”—was one of his favorite passages from the Proverb of Naples—and stressing the importance of finding creative ways to get young people to read scripture. Some say the rate of conjunctivitis rose by 33 percent during the first half of the year and the campaign was declared a success by ophthalmologists in the region. Jordache
The history of Jordache is a long tale of really wrong things going really right. The brand’s very establishment in 1977 was the fruit of a large severance pay after the torching and looting of founders Joe, Ralph, and Avi Nakash’s store during the infamous New York power failure of 1977, a pay large enough to make the Nakash brothers go after their Europhile dreams of a tighter and sexier jeans brand. Rejected by all major networks, the Jordache campaign of 1979 featured a topless blonde and her man galloping on a horse into the sunset—one of the first cases of negative publicity working its magic for the brand, becoming an overnight sensation among teenage girls with its logo “You got the look I want to know better.” The New York Times held out, making Jordache reshoot its ad of a topless girl sitting piggyback on a guy—both wearing solely Jordache jeans—because the girl had a smirk on her face. The ad was indeed reshot with the girl being directed to act as if she was not having any fun at all doing this, a movement that, some say, later created a whole new genre in the porn industry (renamed during the aughts as “the Sandra Oh”). The Jordache look became so popular in the years to come that Frank Zappa gives it a shout in his 1984 “You Are What You Is” song: “…a foolish young man of the Negro persuasion / devoted his life, to become a Caucasian / he stopped eating pork, he stopped eating greens / he traded his dashiki for some Jordache Jeans.” It’s rumored that he wrote the song while wearing his favorite Jordache jeans and looking at an original Jordache ad campaign poster of the original piggyback girl ad, grin and all—a poster that, people say, embellished his studio’s wall until his death and was the impetus for his famous anti-conformist motto: “Never Stop Grinning Girl.” Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Model: Monika Hair & Makeup: Dana Delaney    Sign of the Homo Erectus  
        An Exploration of the Modern Man’s Crest     
    I’m a scutelliphilist. It’s not what you think: It’s perfectly legal. The tongue twister is simply a polysyllabic name for patch collecting. You’re on vacation, you go into a store to get a map or some gum, and there next to the postcards is a little stand of souvenir patches. You buy one for a few dollars and presto, you’re a scutelliphilist, too. Ever since the earliest caveman went for a stroll and brought back a shiny pebble, people have been bringing home mementos of their travels. The Ancient Greeks and Romans were enthusiastic vacationers, especially to religious shrines and hot springs, and often made collections of miniature images of gods and goddesses or models of the places they visited. Christian pilgrims later did the same. Medieval Christian pilgrim patches were usually metal pins, the most collectible being the shell symbol showing the wearer had been to the shrine of St. James at Compostela in Spain. Adhered to hats or clothing, they gave major bragging rights among the pious, leading to a lively trade in imitation pieces to adorn the not-so-godly, as mentioned by Chaucer in his Canterbury Tales. Skip over the era of the Grand Tour, when Old Masters and classical sculptures—fake or not—were the must-have collectible, and scroll forward to the age of the railroad and the rise of the blue-collar vacation. On both sides of the Atlantic, ordinary working families streamed out of the choking cities to lakes, mountains, and the coast. It was essential to bring back a trinket or two to show off: china plates, heraldic ornaments, and all kinds of cheap keepsakes. This industrial age saw the merging of two technologies, which would lead to a golden age for patches and patch display. Factory workers and farmhands needed durable, comfortable and inexpensive protective clothing; denim was the answer. At the same time, the uptake of the jacquard loom to produce intricate woven designs meant that it was possible to mass produce textile patches with insignia and logos. Corporate branding of industrial clothing was born. The growing highway network spread the trend; gas station workers and truckers sported coveralls with company patches, creating and growing the need for visual identity. The indigo blue of denim was the ideal setting for the display of corporate identity. Meanwhile, if you could afford to travel in style, your baggage would be adorned with labels, from shipping lines to the ritzy hotels you’d stayed at. And these stick-on decals are collectible in their own right. But the early 20th century was the era not only of super-luxury liner travel; it also featured a back-to-nature movement. The worldwide scouting and guiding movement taught outdoor skills to boys and girls, rewarding them with patches for achievement. The craze for hiking spanned the globe, and by the Roaring Twenties, especially in Germany and the U.S. National Parks, the mountains and wide open spaces swarmed with tourists. Hotspots began selling heraldic and pictorial patches to adorn jackets and backpacks. The patch-making industry was already geared up to supply the demand; the horrors of the First World War familiarized everyone with patches. Millions of men in uniform all wore cloth symbols of rank and military formation, many of them heraldic. The interwar years saw the rise of mass movements and dictatorships: communism, fascism, and Nazism, each with their symbols, uniforms, and complex hierarchy of badges, and patches. Youth and outdoor movements were brought under party control, but tourism continued. Almost until the end of the war, young Germans went on Nazi-approved hikes and vacations, collecting patches of the places they had visited along the way. The same factories turning out swastika armbands were also making beautiful jacquard patches showing Alpine scenery and Bavarian landscapes. After World War II, GIs occupying Germany were able to send patches back to their loved ones showing where they were stationed. These became known as ‘sweetheart patches.’ In the decades following, from Aruba to Zadar, tourism went global. Wherever the herd went, there was a salesman ready to retail plastic Leaning Towers of Pisa and Eiffel Tower snow globes, not to mention thimbles, patches, and postcards. Patch collecting boomed. Along came Flower Power, which altered the message. But it wasn’t just a tale of hippies spreading love and peace. There was a wider synergy of style that enabled patch-wearing to hit the fashion heights. Denim—jeans in particular—had been moving from lowly workwear to fashionable leisure clothing of choice. For the baby boomer generation, self-expression was a natural state of affairs, so it’s unsurprising that jeans and patches became two of the most powerful symbols of post-war fashion identity. Denim has become so ubiquitous that it’s now hard to recall that in the 1950s and 1960s, wearing denim was edgy. Denim meant challenging the buttoned-down social norms of earlier generations. Patches changed, too. No longer simply vacation trophies, they became fashion accessories, miniature message boards expressing countercultural views, political allegiance, sexual preference, music or sport affiliation, or no message at all apart from a general rage. Punk extended the lifespan of the patch, often offering a spiky and rude commentary on life through the medium. For Generation X, denim remained the core medium for displaying patches, but the story was given a spin by the adaptation and incorporation of diverse fabrics, including leather, spandex, and even rubber to display insistent and often obscene patches of rebellion. Now let’s talk semiotics. The patch itself has no intrinsic value, but it tells a story the wearer wants you to hear. A global society, a society with large standing armies, thousands of law enforcement services, and competing corporate brands, will be a highly visual society, bursting with symbols, logos, and emblems. And these symbols are our modern-day caveman shiny pebbles, gathered by collectors and taken back to the den. In the world of patch collecting, there’s a close association not just with changing fashion trends, but with big boys’ toys—patches from police departments, fire departments, units from the armed forces, space missions, and patches associated with trucking and biking. For me, however, the travel patch was my kryptonite. From my first childhood vacation way back in the Swinging Sixties in England, I have been slowly gathering patches from every continent. Scrapbook after scrapbook is filled with tiny embroidered coats of arms, flags, maps or miniature views, patches of all material, mostly fabric but also paper or plastic. In my teenage years I had a blue denim jacket, like everyone of my generation, and onto this I sewed the patches I had collected from following my favorite rock bands around England—The Who, the Sensational Alex Harvey Band, the Rolling Stones, and other lesser-known acts. Although the patches were later unstitched, revealing the original cobalt-blue coloring beneath, I treasured that well-worn Levi’s jacket for decades. I only recently parted with it, to my teenage daughter. Her generation has rediscovered—as retro chic—the simple styling of 1970s denim. Collectors make up complex regulations for their passions, but I only have one rule: I have to visit the place on the patch to buy the patch. No cheating, no buying patches on eBay, no swapping with other collectors. It’s the fun of the search for me. Of course the hardest-to-get souvenir patch is from the International Space Station. Apart from the scientists who crew the space station, only a select few extremely wealthy tourists have been able to afford the trip into space to enjoy the ultimate view—the Earth slipping by 250 miles below and the rest of the universe beyond. Okay, so a scutelliphilist goes to a resort, finds a patch, and brings it home in triumph; mission accomplished. But what is the patch? Is it art? Ephemera? I’d argue that patches—especially travel patches—can be seen as art in the context of popular culture. Often beautifully designed, many are marvels of intricate craftsmanship and full of fine detail. They tell the story of the place visited, through its heraldry, a landscape or a map. Above all, they jog the memory. Other patches—say, biker patches or rock music fan patches—are part of social history. They are documents and witnesses to changes in fashion and taste, the rise and fall of how we spend our leisure dollars. Denim tells the tale of changing social trends, and a story of how we live and how society works—just a modern form of that shiny pebble the caveman brought back while he claimed he was out hunting. As I look through my own collection of around 1500 patches, I recall a succession of childhood holidays in Britain, followed by teenage explorations of Europe, then more exotic tours of distant corners of the Earth when I was in my 20s and 30s, followed by a return to good old British seaside holidays with my own children. In their turn they have grown up, and I have entered old age, so recent patches reflect more specific choices, filling in the remaining blank spaces on the map now that I have visited every continent. For me, scutelliphily is what it says; from Latin ‘scutellus,’ meaning ‘little shield,’ and Greek ‘phileein,’ meaning ‘to love.” In other words, the love or study of little shields. But the little shields are not lovable in their own right, although some do include beautiful detail. It’s their power that makes the collecting addiction enjoyable, the power to summon up instant memories of places far and near, the recollection of many friendships made in distant lands, and the evocation of happy vacations of times past. Patch Images from the collection of Stephen Pewsey.
Photographer: Mario Kroes. Model: Monika for VisionLosAngeles.com.
Hair & Makeup: Dana Delaney at Danadelaneymakeup.com. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Short sleeve cashmere coat with mink collar and sleeves and hand-painted knit mock sweater by Balenciaga.     Waxed denim jacket by 7 For All Mankind, cotton corduroy single-breasted suit by Band of Outsiders, Denim shirt by Levi’s Made & Crafted, and leather boots by Alexander Wang.     Deer leather jacket by Bally, cotton tank by Special Delivery, jeans by Levi’s Made & Crafted, leather belt and leather boots by Kenneth Cole New York. Bouclé cotton dress with waist belt details and leather shoes by Proenza Schouler.     Leather jacket by Kenneth Cole New York, flannel wool-silk single-breasted suit by Brunello Cucinelli, denim jacket by Hudson, and leather boots by Kenneth Cole Collection. Virgin wool long coat with sable sleeves, silk dress with embroidery detail, and leather heels by Prada.     Wool plaid single-breasted suit by Valentino and denim vest by Levi’s. Sequined slip dress and fox shawl by Marc Jacobs.     Denim double-breasted suit and wool tie by Michael Bastian, denim shirt by Kent & Curwen, and leather boots by Tommy Hilfiger. Wool tweed mini-skirt suit and leather boots with chain detail by Chanel.     Wool knit coat, wool knit turtleneck, wool skirt, and thigh high stretch leather boots by Céline. Wool striped 3-piece single-breasted suit by Berluti, denim shirt by John Varvatos USA, and leather boots by Kenneth Cole.     Silk print sleeveless long dress and bracelets by Hermès. Leopard print pony coat by Burberry Prorsum, denim jacket by PRPS, and relaxed bootcut jeans by Wrangler.     Cotton-silk blend optical twill dress by Alexander Wang and Leather thigh high boots by Christian Louboutin. Denim zippered coat by Richard Chai, Wool tuxedo suit by Acne Studios, denim shirt by Kenneth Cole New York, and silk tie by Band of Outsiders.     Lamb leather dress with mink collar and sleeves and leather heels by Altuzarra. Felt wool double-breasted suit by Jil Sander, Striped denim shirt by AJ Armani Jeans, and leather boots by Tommy Hilfiger.     Patchwork pony skin jacket and skirt by Tom Ford. Zebra print pony coat by Burberry Prorsum, denim jacket by Nudie, and vintage slim jeans and cotton belt by Lee.     Felt wool peacoat with leather piping by Salvatore Ferragamo, denim jacket by PRPS, cotton tencel jeans with leather pockets by T by Alexander Wang, and leather boots by John Varvatos. Wool plaid slip dress with lace details and snakeskin heels by Louis Vuitton.                  Beauty Notes: DiorSkin Airflash Spray Foundation in Mocha, Diorskin Forever Compact Flawless Perfection Fusion Wear Makeup SPF 25 in Dark Beige, DiorBlush in Sugar & Spice, 5-Colour Eyeshadow in Royal Khaki, Dior Addict Lipstick in Miss Dior and Stiletto, and DiorVernis Nail Lacquer by Dior.  Revitalizing Mist with Ojon Oil by Ojon.  Grooming notes: Double Duty Face Moisturizer SPF 20 and Body Building Hair Gel by Jack Black. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Check mohair blend cardigan by Saint Laurent, Check and denim mix jeans by Junya Watanabe, denim shorts by J Brand, Shoes by Marni, Necklace by Scosha, and all rings by Catbird.     Sleeveless denim shirt by Motel rocks, wool hooded dickie by Raif, striped wide leg jeans by Chanel, shoes by Marni, Necklace by Vale Jewelry, and all rings by Catbird.     Denim snap front shirt by Nudie Jeans, cashmere dickie by Ports 1961, denim jeans with brooch detail by Dsquared2, denim shorts by Raleigh, and all rings by Catbird.     Sleeveless denim jacket by BLK DNM, logo denim jeans and mohair-cashmere knit by Louis Vuitton, denim shorts by Rag & Bone, necklace by Vale Jewelry, and all rings by Catbird.     Denim overalls by G-Star, denim jacket by Rag & Bone, cashmere cropped sleeveless turtleneck by Ports 1961, bangles by Jennifer Fisher jewelry, and all rings by Catbird.     Studded denim jacket by Versus Versace, denim pants by Dsquared2, Cashmere blend leggings by Maison Martin Margiela, cashmere scarf (worn on head) by TSE, shoes by Marni, necklace by Vale Jewelry, and all rings by Catbird.     Sleeveless denim vest by Motel rocks, denim pants by Dsquared2, denim shorts by J Brand, cashmere-wool scarf by TSE, necklace by Vale Jewelry, and all rings by Catbird.     Sleeveless denim vest by Motel rocks.     Denim blazer and shoes by Marni, wool-cashmere blend knit and wool-cashmere blend shorts by Chanel, denim shorts by J Brand, Necklace by Vale Jewelry, and all rings by Catbird.     Cashmere blend knit sweater by Tom Ford, denim shirt by Levi’s, denim trousers by Hussein Chalayan, shoes by Marni, necklace by Vale Jewelry, and all rings by Catbird.                  Beauty notes: Instant Smooth Perfecting Touch Makeup Base and Beauty Flash Balm by Clarins Paris and Baked Fusion Soft Lights Bronzer in Stardust, Limitless 15 Hour Wear Cream Shadow in Stone, Limitless Eye Liner in Onyx, Brow Tech To Go in Brunette and Taupe, Be Legendary Lipstick in Peachy Nude and Rosy Brown and The Nude Lip Pencil in Fair by Smashbox Cosmetics. Surf Spray for hair by Bumble and bumble. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Roger Vivier at his studio in 1953 a week before the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II, designing her gold kidskin sandals studded with rubies. Selection of pullover shoes designed by Roger Vivier for the house of Dior, 1958-1962. Selection of pullover shoes designed by Roger Vivier for the house of Dior, 1958-1962. Bruno Frisoni’s sketch for the higher comma heel from Limited Edition Rendez Vous Fall-Winter 2013-2014.    Roger Vivier  
        L'Âme et le Corps: Bruno Frisoni Leads the Iconic Brand Into the Whimsies of Now     
    In his heyday, Roger Vivier’s creations were dubbed the ‘Fabergé of footwear’ – which is practically an understatement to describe French inventor’s stiletto heel—the very shoe that Elizabeth Taylor, Marlene Dietrich, Ava Gardner, and even the Queen of England wore. After some rocky years following Vivier’s death in 1998, the house is now celebrating the tenth anniversary of its relaunch under the creative direction of Bruno Frisoni and the chaperoning of extraordinaire Frenchwoman Inès de la Fressange. Today, the team has survived a most frightening challenge – the near impossible bet of honoring and perpetuating, yet reinventing, one of the country’s most legendary brands. The warm reception of Frisoni’s lively, chimerical creations prove there is still room for reveries and playfulness in a blasé, saturated market. To celebrate the event, the house has launched a book that is one-part family photo album, one-part moodboard. “The idea was to do a lively, welcoming scrapbook-style book with a collage feel, filled with special guests that are close to us,” says Frisoni about the large tome that presents collaborations of company friends including Kate Blanchet, Virginie Mouzat of Vanity Fair France and Olivier Saillard, the fashion historian heading the national fashion museum Musée Galliera. “Humor and fantasy are still key to the house,” he says about the bright, informal tone of the book. Over the years, Frisoni has been combining his thorough understanding of the job with a whimsical imagination and deep attention to women’s changing needs—a recipe that has proved successful in revivifying the Vivier brand. Frisoni’s impressive background includes work for Christian Lacroix, Yves Saint Laurent, and Givenchy; arguably, his arrival at Vivier marked the pinnacle of a mature yet utopian approach to the job. He rapidly created pieces that were successful in keeping with Vivier’s most iconic designs: Frisoni’s spiky ‘Horn Heel’ would certainly make the legendary curved ‘Comma Heel’ blush with pride. Like Vivier in the 60s, Frisoni is well aware that the women he designs for are faced with ever-changing social norms. And while the former designed short stilettos aimed at the 60s generation—notably seen on Catherine Deneuve’s feet in Belle de Jour—one of Vivier’s successes today is Freesange’s favorite buckle ballerina flat. “Women today know they don’t always need an extra 12 centimeters to be hot,” she says, giggling. “Women used to get changed several times a day. Today, a woman keeps one outfit on yet leads a million lives over a day. Basically, she wants to look great round the clock, but without the hassle,” explains Frisoni. His heels are growing increasingly sturdy—yet invisibly so— and more flats are on offer. The house has also developed plenty of handbags that are increasingly becoming part of their new and improved DNA, fit for an economy in recession with a consumer base still desiring quality. “We’re an ancient house but a new enterprise, so there is the excitement of novelty here at Vivier,” says Fressange, who recommends humor to ice-cold elegance. A fine example of her conviction in action was the opening of the brand’s flagship boutique in Paris’ 1st arrondissement: Fressange swapped the obligatory red carpet for a long strip of zebra print; limousines were replaced by New York cabs or London buses; and the guest list included the Queen of England’s lookalike. “The book, the boutique, the life of the brand needs to be effortless and gay,” she adds. Today, many houses have followed the trend, including Carven or Rodier. The difficulty of finding a designer suitable for Schiaparelli further proves the tour de force of Roger Vivier. “Some products are cult and are celebrated across generations such as trench coats or Kelly bags. The best we can hope for is to offer creations both timeless and very much of today,” Frissoni adds. All images courtesy Roger Vivier and copyright Roger Vivier, Rizzoli New York, 2013. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Nylon zippered dress with sheer panels by Junya Watanabe.     Printed silk dress and leather heels by Pedro Lourenço.      Silk chiffon dress by Nina Ricci.      Tropical wool jacket with holes, cotton shirt, and wool shorts by Julien David.      Wool short sleeve jacket with padded shoulders, stretch nylon strapless top, and wool slim pants by Maison Martin Margiela.      Organza ruffle dress, organza sheath underdress, and brass necklace by Givenchy by Riccardo Tisci.       Leather one-sleeve jacket and wool slim pants by Nicolas Andreas Taralis.      Silk-nylon sleeveless dress with metal details and leather heels with metal buckles by Anthony Vaccarello.      Cotton short dress by Sacai.       Silk stretch knit bra, long skirt, and leather heels by Azzedine Alaïa.       Cotton denim bra and fox fur stole by Miu Miu.       Short sleeve silk dress by Bouchra Jarrar and Leather heels by Christian Louboutin.       Silk-nylon long sleeve bolero, silk-nylon dress, and leather boots by Ann Demeulemeester.       Metal studded leather dress by Isabel Marant.                   Beauty Notes: Light Reflecting Loose Setting Powder, The Happening Palette, Trio Eyeshadow in High Society, Duo Cream Eyeshadow in Summer Time and Camargue, Sheer Lipstick in Viva Las Vegas, Cruising, and Love Devotion, and Opaque Nail Polish in Schlap and Vestale all by Nars Cosmetics. Depsea Foundation Style Refresher, Volume Maker, Fiber Lift Protective Volumizer, and Liquid Fabric Mineral Texture Spray by Shu Uemura Art of Hair.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Underwear by Lascivious and all jewelry by Linda Bee and all props from Vintage Modes both at Gray’s Antique Market.     Lace underwear by Lascivious.     Strap and underwear by Coco de Mer and Veil stylist’s own.     Bra by Coco de Mer and Underwear by Lascivious.                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Marco wears floral button-up shirt by Dolce & Gabbana and trousers by Levi’s.     Gustavo wears tuxedo shirt by Jil Sander. Replenishing face serum and mojito lip balm by Malin + Goetz and Brow Tech to go in Brunette by Smashbox Cosmetics. Creative genius sculpting liquid by Bedhead by Tigi.     Fabio wears vintage button-up shirt by Thierry Mugler. Beard saver by Bluebeard’s Original. Maximista thickening spray and rough luxury molding wax by Oribe.     Ed wears vintage button-up shirt by Thierry Mugler. Formula 15 with alpha lipoic acid and DMAE by Dr. Perricone. Essence Absolue oil-in-cream and Kaze wave sensual curl texturizing foam by Shu Uemura Art of Hair.     Lucas wears vintage button-up shirt by Vivienne Westwood. L’crème de L’Homme by Absolution. lazer straight relaxing fluid, shine liquid, and boosta spray volumizing by unite.     Lucas wears vintage checkered shirt by Tommy Hilfiger. 4-in-1 Essential face Toner and fortifying face balm by Ursa Major. Spray wax and ocean mist by Sachajuan.                 Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Portrait of A Dandy as an Illustrated Man  
        Gruau's Portraits of Men Bring His Sketchbook To Life     
    Aside from the remarkable fluidity and gesture-like elegance of his work, it is René Gruau’s painterly yet purity of line that draws the eye into his images. Perhaps this has something to do with the fact that Gruau drew from live models versus photographs, the latter practice being the more common among everyday fashion illustrators. The models he chose possessed a “sense of movement,” which embodied his drawing style, and made them come to life. And when one begins describing the legendary artist’s work, perhaps one ought to begin with “life”—in the sense that it’s generally what complicates forms. Take for instance the revolutionary idea of moving into a city, into an apartment. Take for instance the revolutionary idea of sophisticated furniture and artworks and home-cooked meals. Take the revolutionary idea of feeling the liberating buzz of the Phantom when you sit to pee on your fur-lined toilet seat. And take for instance the word fashionable and the requisite descriptor, “elegant.” Take these ideas without trouble, through the several rooms of your soul. Does your life best illustrate the artist—or does he best illustrate yours? I’m guessing it’s the latter. For Gruau was the one who infamously illustrated the fashions of the house of Dior during the 1940s. It is this decade of Dior we love most. For it is from there, Gruau’s thick and chunky, yet fluid lines defined the male model in the Dutch magazine, Sir: Men’s International Fashion Journal—which, in turn, led to a collaboration between he and Christian Dior for creating Dior Pour Hommes. Beautiful curtains were hung; fabulous parties were attended. Behind closed doors, talks of business, talks of love. Silver flasks and coffee. Peacock feathers. A melancholy way of looking over one’s shoulder on a rainy evening. It is a fitting lifestyle for the Dandy son of Italian and French aristocratic parents. So obviously, Gruau pursued the arts instead of following in the footsteps of his Royal Military Commander father. It is so difficult to march around in ugly boots, chanting the slogan for a country as pretty as a paper bag. But even on the weekends, in nice light, a paper bag can be beautiful. Gruau’s first published work appeared at the young age of 14, and by 18, he was published in the U.S. and Europe, eventually working for many magazines including Marie Claire, Elle, Vogue, Harper’s Bazaar, and Flair. He also rendered the fashions for some of the most notable names in haute couture such as Balmain, Balenciaga, Givenchy, and Rochas. The recent publication of Gruau Portraits of Men by Assouline chronicles René Gruau’s artistic life, and they’ve done a bang up job. The plates of his masculine illustrations are presented in the form of his sketchbook, and his bold, graphically painted male figures remain as strong, dynamic, and refined as the day they were created. Neither time nor distance can cool this love. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                    “There’s a lot of people capitalizing on stuff that I popularized,” Von Teese says regards her new ventures, “and I thought I’d get in on it. I’m trying to put my brand stamp on things that make sense. I have my perfume now, and my makeup, and with the dress line, I’m not trying to be a designer, I’m just straight up saying, ‘Here’s the original that I copied it from. Here’s the modern version.’ I’ve been collecting vintage for years, and with this, I went into my closet, and said, ‘Let’s do this up to a size 16, and make it wearable for the contemporary woman. And I started at a higher price, but I’m working to refine the line and make it more affordable.” Ah, refinement. Von Teese exudes the shit. Her home, for instance, boasts impeccable design; there’s lush designer wallpaper and exotic rugs, a kitchen that showcases gorgeous culinary machinery designed to last a few centuries, stylish china, sculptures, custom furniture, and at present, a massive, stuffed peacock monitoring our exchange. We discuss the ’cock, as it were, and its thick-headed influence on what’s desirable. “I’ve started really refining what I’m looking for, on what’s sexy,” Von Teese shares on relationships, and how slivers of time she rarely has wholly to herself are spent. “I think a lot of people think me demanding, or intimidating, or whatever, but I’m increasingly vulnerable around those I choose to be around. Vulnerability is strength, though, I think.” Von Teese, a Michigan native, saw her career as the world’s most sought after burlesque performer commence in Orange County strip clubs, where her vulnerability was surely coarsely tested. “I was being fun and creative,” she says, “and doing what I thought was ‘documenting my youth.’ It’s crazy the way you think when you’re twenty years old.” Time on the planet’s now doubled and Von Teese’s absurdly perfect silhouette drapes bottles of Perrier, she’s flown to Paris for couture week, and admirers young and old continue to adore her. But it ain’t all wet martinis. “People don’t know the suffering that goes into what you see,” she says. “People have no idea what hours I keep. They think I just throw on rhinestone outfits and show up for my show. Or that I just sign off on sketches for my dresses, or my lingerie. That’s not the case … I do feel like an expert on lingerie, though, and I know what’s missing from the marketplace, or what makes a special piece, and I’m really snobby about fit, and function, and shape, and obviously, glamour, so it’s very special to me—it’s a lot of work. And my line is affordable. And that means a lot to me—to put the time into making it so that it doesn’t alienate people.” With that, a Sunday afternoon vortex-worth of other stuff that won’t, and can’t, see print begins [The three-hour transcript, readers, will be auctioned off years from now to accommodate ballooned Ph.D. borrowings or garish plastic surgery; a picnic either way]. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Virgin wool pinstripe single-breasted suit by PoloRalphLauren, cotton long sleeve shirt by GiorgioArmani, and leather high boots by Mr B’s Gentlemen’s Boutique. Leather long sleeve shirt by Kenneth Cole Collection, Denim 501 jeans by Levi’s, and leather belt by Giorgio Armani.  Cotton and wool printed sweater by Rag & Bone, cotton v-neck t-shirt by Calvin Klein and underwear, wool pants and leather belt by Giorgio Armani. Virgin wool pinstripe single-breasted suit by Polo Ralph Lauren, cotton long sleeve shirt by Giorgio Armani, leather high boots by Mr B’s Gentlemen’s Boutique, and optical glasses by Marc Jacobs. Cotton long sleeve button-down shirt by Prada, Denim 501 jeans by Levi’s, and leather boots by Kenneth Cole Reaction.  Printed cotton cardigan by Salvatore Ferragamo. Cotton-Lycra v-neck short sleeve shirt by Calvin Klein Underwear, Denim 501 jeans by Levi’s, leather retro high top by Air Jordan by Nike, leather damier belt by Louis Vuitton, optical glasses by Tom Ford, and Tambour Chronograph Voyagez II watch in Pink Gold by Louis Vuitton. Wool cashmere cardigan, cotton long sleeve shirt, and chiffre rouge M05 42mm steel and rubber watch by Dior Homme, denim 501 jeans by Levi’s, leather shoes by Mr B’s Gentlemen’s Boutique, silk tie by Giorgio Armani, and optical glasses by Tom Ford.     On the Spectacles:  
        Russell Westbrook and High Fashion     
    This past May, after he and his Oklahoma City Thunder teammates dispatched handily of the Los Angeles Lakers in Game One of the Western Conference semifinals, point guard Russell Westbrook appeared at his post-game press conference dressed in a Lacoste Live shirt with a fish-hook print and red glasses frames sans lenses. This, in itself, wasn’t particularly unusual: Westbrook had been deploying similar looks all season. However, given the opponent (i.e. the Lakers) and the context (the Lakers had eliminated the Thunder in the previous year’s Western Conference Finals), the media contingent covering the game was larger, and perhaps less familiar with Westbrook, than usual. Following a shoot-around the next day, Westbrook was talking to the press again. After several basketball-related questions with basketball-type answers, a reporter—one whose fashion sense could be described in full without using the words haute or couture even once—asked what many of the other assembled were likely thinking regarding Westbrook’s appearance from the night before. “Now, why no lenses in the frames?” To which question Westbrook replied without pause: “I see better without them.” It is only with his tongue slightly in cheek that the present author submits that Westbrook’s response deserves some consideration so far as the World’s Great Ripostes are concerned.1 Moreover, Westbrook’s answer and the question which prompted it are instructive to the extent that they represent two schools of thought regarding the place of fashion in all of our lives. For the reporter and the demographic he represents—surely decent sorts, all of them, who love their families and pay their taxes in the timeliest of fashions—that a person would wear spectacles for any purpose other than to correct vision (or shade his eyes from the sun, perhaps) is curious. The nature of Westbrook’s response, on the other hand, recognizes implicitly and unflinchingly that it’s possible to do something merely for the intrinsic pleasure it provides—that something, in fact, might be pleasurable because it exists for no obvious reason or serves no express purpose. It’s an instance of actual, real-live irony perhaps that a basketball writer might fail to see what delight might be derived from the whimsical or unnecessary. Basketball, as a game, is by definition unnecessary—literally, according to Dutch cultural theorist Johan Huizinga, who, in his 1938 work Homo Ludens (Latin for, roughly, Man at Play—as opposed to Home Faber, or Man at Work) endeavored to identify the traits that characterize ‘play’ in all its forms. Among them? That play is not performed for a purpose, but on its own merits. Writes Huizinga: First and foremost, then, all play is a voluntary activity. Play to order is no longer play: it could at best be but a forcible imitation of it. By this quality of freedom alone, play marks itself off from the course of the natural process... Play is a function which [one] could equally well leave alone. Play is superfluous. The need for it is only urgent to the extent that the enjoyment of it makes it a need. Play can be deferred or suspended at any time. It is never imposed by physical necessity or moral duty. It is never a task. It is done at leisure, during “free time”... Here, then, we have the first main characteristic of play: that it is free, is in fact freedom. Basketball (and other athletic games) are what are known as autotelic activities—that is, they exist for no other reason than to be enjoyed. Except for at the highest levels (where, admittedly, players are compensated handsomely), one does not use basketball as a means to a material end. Playing the game, competing within the order created by agreed-upon rules and clear boundaries, struggling to master oneself and one’s opponent—these are ends unto themselves. It requires hardly any effort to see what relevance Huizinga’s conception of play might have to high fashion. If the world of high fashion and those who populate that world are occasionally criticized for something, it’s for a seeming frivolity, a taste for the indulgent—or, rephrased, for the unnecessary. While, in all but the very sexiest of municipalities, clothing of some manner is required— to the end of covering one’s vitalest of organs, at the very least— it is by choice that certain individuals (including some readers of this very publication, one assumes) look past the mere utility of their garments and regard the wearing of them as an opportunity for play. It is both trite but also completely accurate to say that one’s look is both the product and expression of that person’s point of view. As in choosing not to vote in an election, the decision not to play at fashion is a choice in itself. It’s a choice that many people make, of course. And it’s certainly a choice that many athletes have made and continue to make. “I just went out, played hard, and gave 110 percent.” For anyone who’s ever watched even one courtside interview, that sentiment—if not precisely in those words, then at least in that spirit—will be wearily familiar. Athletes are frequently derided for speaking in clichés, with some merit to the charge. However, criticisms of athletes in this vein are just as often misplaced—or, at the very least, leveled without an understanding of the whole context. For one thing, it’s frequently the case that the questions themselves to which an athlete is responding resist any sort of meaningful answer. To ask a small forward how he hit this or that shot is not entirely unlike asking a venture capitalist how he determined whether to invest in this or that asset or a skateboarder how he landed a particularly difficult trick. The honest answer to all three questions is something like, “By means of a combination of innate talent, years of training, and experience.” However, such a response would be considered churlish, rude. And so, for those moments when reporters ask such questions, athletes respond in kind from their stockpile of Accepted Clichés. Beyond that, demanding eloquence from a professional athlete is patently unfair. To succeed at the highest level in any competitive sport requires a sort of single-mindedness and preparation alien to the common man and woman. To ask of a young athlete that, in addition to perfecting his body and its movements—to ask that he also perfect his speech—is unreasonable. Westbrook, despite his penchant for levity, isn’t entirely immune to cliché himself. When I ask him—after his Flaunt shoot in a loft space in downtown Oklahoma City2—about the local media in Oklahoma City, he responds that they’re fine, but also makes a point to quickly steer the conversation in a less risky direction. “The fans have been the best,” he says. And reiterates: “We have the best fans in sports.” It’s hard not to get the impression that he’s said these words before—that they’re as automatic for him as “please” and “thank you” are for a child who’s been told to be polite. None of this is to suggest, of course, that Westbrook has anything but a deep, abiding love for the people of Oklahoma City, who’ve certainly embraced him. In fact, Westbrook’s reluctance to hold forth on topics various and sundry isn’t without some justification. In reality, the incentive for an athlete to give a nuanced, thoughtful response to any media outlet is outweighed considerably by the possibility that said response—regardless of the speaker’s intent—could ultimately become the metaphorical rope by which his public image and livelihood is hanged. Says Westbrook to that effect: “These days, one thing can be misinterpreted for something else, so you’ve got be careful about what you’re saying and how you’re saying it.” Which is why Westbrook’s moment of ecstatic pith3 after that defeat of the Lakers merits further inspection—in particular, with regard to how it concerns his signature accessory, those glasses. For, while Westbrook is known to wear Comme Des Garcons and Prada with some frequency, it’s those lenseless frames that most expressly capture the spirit of his aesthetic. If the reader will suffer briefly some armchair semiotics, I’ll suggest here that the symbolic possibilities of eyewear are particularly rich and numerous, especially insofar as deconstructing the capital-I Idea of Russell Westbrook is concerned. For it is spectacles that allow one both to—again, pardon me—both to see and be seen. Being seen, of course, is a thing that’s become commonplace for Westbrook—including, recently and notably, at New York Fashion Week this past September. There, Westbrook attended shows by Billy Reid, Richard Chai, Lacoste, Zac Posen, and Ralph Rucci—the latter two in the company of Contributing Editor of Vogue and full-time arbiter elegantiarum André Leon Talley. (A ringing endorsement, that.)4 Given Westbrook’s very public enthusiasm for high fashion, it wouldn’t seem entirely unreasonable to suggest that Westbrook perhaps made a conscious decision to utilize his stage time during this past season’s press conferences to the end of promoting the idea of Russell Westbrook, Friend of Fashion. When I make that precise suggestion in Westbrook’s actual presence—especially so far as his postgame playoff exploits are concerned—he demures. “It’s fun,” he says, “but I never intended to make it a show. Other people made it that way. I was dressing like that for a long period of time. [Against the Lakers,] people were paying attention.” People were indeed paying attention. In the wake of that Game One press conference, former NBA-er and centerpiece of TNT’s basketball coverage Charles Barkley was quick to comment on what he viewed as the absurdity of Westbrook’s look. Conan O’Brien ran multiple parodies on his show of NBA press conferences, starting with Westbrook and others and then featuring increasingly more outlandish styles. A Google search for “Russell Westbrook” + “press conference” elicits more results than the author of this piece would care to follow up on. When I ask him about the collective response to his attire, Westbrook seems genuinely taken aback. “It was surprising,” he says, “because I never thought about that when I got dressed. Getting dressed, I never really think about what anybody else is going to say.” If Westbrook’s notable press conferences have helped him, intentionally or not, establish his reputation as the NBA’s Most Fashionable Man, it’s worth noting that said press conferences would never have occurred were it not for the success of Westbrook and his Thunder teammates. Nor would his flourishes be tolerated (to the degree that they are tolerated) by the sporting community were the Thunder a losing group of losers. Fortunately for all involved, the Thunder are good. Like, real good. And young. And exciting. When a group of Oklahoma City investors, led by OKC native Clayton Bennett, purchased the Seattle SuperSonics in 2006, they did so with the understanding that they’d make a good-faith effort to keep the team in Seattle. To what extent they did or didn’t make that effort has been the subject not just of idle speculation but also an actual legal battle that ended up in a federal court before the two sides settled. The Thunder, née Sonics, arrived in Oklahoma City with mostly just mediocrity in their recent past. Apart from a few playoff appearances in the meantime, the organization had failed to approximate its success from the mid-90s, when Gary Payton and the lithe, athletic version of Shawn Kemp were plying their trade. Their fortunes improved, however, almost instantly upon relocation. Having already acquired uber-scorer Kevin Durant out of Texas in the 2007 draft, the Thunder took Westbrook fourth overall out of UCLA in 2008, and then shooting guard James Harden, from Arizona State, with the third pick in 2009. With that power triumvirate supplemented by a well-devised complementary cast, the Thunder went from mediocre to respectable to Western Conference Champions in a matter of three years. In the meantime, the team became a vital part of one of America’s most prosperous, if not necessarily most cultured, mid-sized cities. The Roman poet Martial, though known (so far as he is known) for his humorous invectives, first gained notoriety for a long poem (from ca. 80 AD) celebrating the opening of the Colosseum by Titus. “De Spectaculis”—or, literally, On the Spectacles—eulogizes the Colosseum’s earliest moments: the more than 100 days of games, the lions eating all manner of gladiating convicts, the teeming masses gathered together to celebrate their Roman-ness. Were Martial to be reanimated in present day Oklahoma City—well, that would be super weird. But if he were reanimated in present-day Oklahoma City and also commissioned to write a poem with aims not unlike the one he wrote in honor of the Colosseum two millenia earlier, it turns out he’d be able to use the better part of his original text. While home only to two consecutive days of games at most and the site of almost zero deaths-by-lion, the Chesapeake Energy Arena, like its Roman predecessor, is a home to spectacle.  As the venue for the city’s only major-league team, the Arena is the one true gathering place for the citizens of Oklahoma City to celebrate their Oklahoma-hood. And, so far as the present author can tell, Oklahomans really like being from Oklahoma. At no point is this more evident than on the night following Westbrook’s shoot for Flaunt, when the Thunder played host to the Houston Rockets. Besides being something of a regional rival (despite its 400-mile distance from OKC, Houston is the second-closest NBA city by car), Houston is now also home to the aforementioned Harden, one of the team’s main contributors from the Thunder’s recent playoff runs. Despite starting only seven games in three years as a member of the Thunder, Harden was up for a considerable raise when he hit free agency at the end of the 2012–13 season—a raise that the Thunder would have been unable to afford under the league’s salary structure at the time. Recognizing that, general manager Sam Presti traded Harden to the Rockets, for whom (as of this late-November game) he’s already the team’s leading scorer. Tonight’s game represents Harden’s first game back since his departure, and the crowd is electric ahead of tip-off. The pregame festivities are, in the parlance of the Internet, an “Oklahoma’d” version of those in the league’s other 29 stadia. First, a video montage plays on the arena’s center-court scoreboard, including all or most of the state’s assorted water towers. Then, a real-live local preacher stands at mid-court and delivers a real-live benediction (one which includes the words “His only son” among other similar invocations of Jesus of Nazareth). Then, a buffalo-shaped mascot whips the fans into a frothy mess by beating rhythmically and with ever-increasing passion on a bass drum. When the crowd continues to stand even after the first couple possessions, I ask the season-ticket holder next to me why that is. “We don’t sit until the first score for the home team,” he says. Just minutes later, Westbrook finds himself at the center of everything. Less than halfway into the first quarter, Houston guard Daequan Cook takes and misses a three-pointer. The ball bounces off the back of the rim, right into the hands of Harden, who goes up right away with a jumpshot from the foul line. Except, as it turns out, he never gets the shot off. For, just as the ball is leaving his fingertips, it’s directed by means of a vicious swat from behind. Russell Westbrook has rushed back after recognizing the offensive rebound and knocked the ball out of Harden’s hands from behind. The crowd goes wild. “What a spectacle,” no one says—although, it would have been ideal if they had, for the sake of a meaningful conclusion. his past May, after he and his Oklahoma City Thunder teammates dispatched handily of the Los Angeles Lakers in Game One of the Western Conference semifinals, point guard Russell Westbrook appeared at his post-game press conference dressed in a Lacoste Live shirt with a fish-hook print and red glasses frames sans lenses. This, in itself, wasn’t particularly unusual: Westbrook had been deploying similar looks all season. However, given the opponent (i.e. the Lakers) and the context (the Lakers had eliminated the Thunder in the previous year’s Western Conference Finals), the media contingent covering the game was larger, and perhaps less familiar with Westbrook, than usual. Following a shoot-around the next day, Westbrook was talking to the press again. After several basketball-related questions with basketball-type answers, a reporter—one whose fashion sense could be described in full without using the words haute or couture even once—asked what many of the other assembled were likely thinking regarding Westbrook’s appearance from the night before. “Now, why no lenses in the frames?” To which question Westbrook replied without pause: “I see better without them.” It is only with his tongue slightly in cheek that the present author submits that Westbrook’s response deserves some consideration so far as the World’s Great Ripostes are concerned.1 Moreover, Westbrook’s answer and the question which prompted it are instructive to the extent that they represent two schools of thought regarding the place of fashion in all of our lives. For the reporter and the demographic he represents—surely decent sorts, all of them, who love their families and pay their taxes in the timeliest of fashions—that a person would wear spectacles for any purpose other than to correct vision (or shade his eyes from the sun, perhaps) is curious. The nature of Westbrook’s response, on the other hand, recognizes implicitly and unflinchingly that it’s possible to do something merely for the intrinsic pleasure it provides—that something, in fact, might be pleasurable because it exists for no obvious reason or serves no express purpose. It’s an instance of actual, real-live irony perhaps that a basketball writer might fail to see what delight might be derived from the whimsical or unnecessary. Basketball, as a game, is by definition unnecessary—literally, according to Dutch cultural theorist Johan Huizinga, who, in his 1938 work Homo Ludens (Latin for, roughly, Man at Play—as opposed to Home Faber, or Man at Work) endeavored to identify the traits that characterize ‘play’ in all its forms. Among them? That play is not performed for a purpose, but on its own merits. Writes Huizinga: First and foremost, then, all play is a voluntary activity. Play to order is no longer play: it could at best be but a forcible imitation of it. By this quality of freedom alone, play marks itself off from the course of the natural process... Play is a function which [one] could equally well leave alone. Play is superfluous. The need for it is only urgent to the extent that the enjoyment of it makes it a need. Play can be deferred or suspended at any time. It is never imposed by physical necessity or moral duty. It is never a task. It is done at leisure, during “free time”... Here, then, we have the first main characteristic of play: that it is free, is in fact freedom. Basketball (and other athletic games) are what are known as autotelic activities—that is, they exist for no other reason than to be enjoyed. Except for at the highest levels (where, admittedly, players are compensated handsomely), one does not use basketball as a means to a material end. Playing the game, competing within the order created by agreed-upon rules and clear boundaries, struggling to master oneself and one’s opponent—these are ends unto themselves. It requires hardly any effort to see what relevance Huizinga’s conception of play might have to high fashion. If the world of high fashion and those who populate that world are occasionally criticized for something, it’s for a seeming frivolity, a taste for the indulgent—or, rephrased, for the unnecessary. While, in all but the very sexiest of municipalities, clothing of some manner is required— to the end of covering one’s vitalest of organs, at the very least— it is by choice that certain individuals (including some readers of this very publication, one assumes) look past the mere utility of their garments and regard the wearing of them as an opportunity for play. It is both trite but also completely accurate to say that one’s look is both the product and expression of that person’s point of view. As in choosing not to vote in an election, the decision not to play at fashion is a choice in itself. It’s a choice that many people make, of course. And it’s certainly a choice that many athletes have made and continue to make. “I just went out, played hard, and gave 110 percent.” For anyone who’s ever watched even one courtside interview, that sentiment—if not precisely in those words, then at least in that spirit—will be wearily familiar. Athletes are frequently derided for speaking in clichés, with some merit to the charge. However, criticisms of athletes in this vein are just as often misplaced—or, at the very least, leveled without an understanding of the whole context. For one thing, it’s frequently the case that the questions themselves to which an athlete is responding resist any sort of meaningful answer. To ask a small forward how he hit this or that shot is not entirely unlike asking a venture capitalist how he determined whether to invest in this or that asset or a skateboarder how he landed a particularly difficult trick. The honest answer to all three questions is something like, “By means of a combination of innate talent, years of training, and experience.” However, such a response would be considered churlish, rude. And so, for those moments when reporters ask such questions, athletes respond in kind from their stockpile of Accepted Clichés. Beyond that, demanding eloquence from a professional athlete is patently unfair. To succeed at the highest level in any competitive sport requires a sort of single-mindedness and preparation alien to the common man and woman. To ask of a young athlete that, in addition to perfecting his body and its movements—to ask that he also perfect his speech—is unreasonable. Westbrook, despite his penchant for levity, isn’t entirely immune to cliché himself. When I ask him—after his Flaunt shoot in a loft space in downtown Oklahoma City2—about the local media in Oklahoma City, he responds that they’re fine, but also makes a point to quickly steer the conversation in a less risky direction. “The fans have been the best,” he says. And reiterates: “We have the best fans in sports.” It’s hard not to get the impression that he’s said these words before—that they’re as automatic for him as “please” and “thank you” are for a child who’s been told to be polite. None of this is to suggest, of course, that Westbrook has anything but a deep, abiding love for the people of Oklahoma City, who’ve certainly embraced him. In fact, Westbrook’s reluctance to hold forth on topics various and sundry isn’t without some justification. In reality, the incentive for an athlete to give a nuanced, thoughtful response to any media outlet is outweighed considerably by the possibility that said response—regardless of the speaker’s intent—could ultimately become the metaphorical rope by which his public image and livelihood is hanged. Says Westbrook to that effect: “These days, one thing can be misinterpreted for something else, so you’ve got be careful about what you’re saying and how you’re saying it.” Which is why Westbrook’s moment of ecstatic pith3 after that defeat of the Lakers merits further inspection—in particular, with regard to how it concerns his signature accessory, those glasses. For, while Westbrook is known to wear Comme Des Garcons and Prada with some frequency, it’s those lenseless frames that most expressly capture the spirit of his aesthetic. If the reader will suffer briefly some armchair semiotics, I’ll suggest here that the symbolic possibilities of eyewear are particularly rich and numerous, especially insofar as deconstructing the capital-I Idea of Russell Westbrook is concerned. For it is spectacles that allow one both to—again, pardon me—both to see and be seen. Being seen, of course, is a thing that’s become commonplace for Westbrook—including, recently and notably, at New York Fashion Week this past September. There, Westbrook attended shows by Billy Reid, Richard Chai, Lacoste, Zac Posen, and Ralph Rucci—the latter two in the company of Contributing Editor of Vogue and full-time arbiter elegantiarum André Leon Talley. (A ringing endorsement, that.)4 Given Westbrook’s very public enthusiasm for high fashion, it wouldn’t seem entirely unreasonable to suggest that Westbrook perhaps made a conscious decision to utilize his stage time during this past season’s press conferences to the end of promoting the idea of Russell Westbrook, Friend of Fashion. When I make that precise suggestion in Westbrook’s actual presence—especially so far as his postgame playoff exploits are concerned—he demures. “It’s fun,” he says, “but I never intended to make it a show. Other people made it that way. I was dressing like that for a long period of time. [Against the Lakers,] people were paying attention.” People were indeed paying attention. In the wake of that Game One press conference, former NBA-er and centerpiece of TNT’s basketball coverage Charles Barkley was quick to comment on what he viewed as the absurdity of Westbrook’s look. Conan O’Brien ran multiple parodies on his show of NBA press conferences, starting with Westbrook and others and then featuring increasingly more outlandish styles. A Google search for “Russell Westbrook” + “press conference” elicits more results than the author of this piece would care to follow up on. When I ask him about the collective response to his attire, Westbrook seems genuinely taken aback. “It was surprising,” he says, “because I never thought about that when I got dressed. Getting dressed, I never really think about what anybody else is going to say.” If Westbrook’s notable press conferences have helped him, intentionally or not, establish his reputation as the NBA’s Most Fashionable Man, it’s worth noting that said press conferences would never have occurred were it not for the success of Westbrook and his Thunder teammates. Nor would his flourishes be tolerated (to the degree that they are tolerated) by the sporting community were the Thunder a losing group of losers. Fortunately for all involved, the Thunder are good. Like, real good. And young. And exciting. When a group of Oklahoma City investors, led by OKC native Clayton Bennett, purchased the Seattle SuperSonics in 2006, they did so with the understanding that they’d make a good-faith effort to keep the team in Seattle. To what extent they did or didn’t make that effort has been the subject not just of idle speculation but also an actual legal battle that ended up in a federal court before the two sides settled. The Thunder, née Sonics, arrived in Oklahoma City with mostly just mediocrity in their recent past. Apart from a few playoff appearances in the meantime, the organization had failed to approximate its success from the mid-90s, when Gary Payton and the lithe, athletic version of Shawn Kemp were plying their trade. Their fortunes improved, however, almost instantly upon relocation. Having already acquired uber-scorer Kevin Durant out of Texas in the 2007 draft, the Thunder took Westbrook fourth overall out of UCLA in 2008, and then shooting guard James Harden, from Arizona State, with the third pick in 2009. With that power triumvirate supplemented by a well-devised complementary cast, the Thunder went from mediocre to respectable to Western Conference Champions in a matter of three years. In the meantime, the team became a vital part of one of America’s most prosperous, if not necessarily most cultured, mid-sized cities. The Roman poet Martial, though known (so far as he is known) for his humorous invectives, first gained notoriety for a long poem (from ca. 80 AD) celebrating the opening of the Colosseum by Titus. “De Spectaculis”—or, literally, On the Spectacles—eulogizes the Colosseum’s earliest moments: the more than 100 days of games, the lions eating all manner of gladiating convicts, the teeming masses gathered together to celebrate their Roman-ness. Were Martial to be reanimated in present day Oklahoma City—well, that would be super weird. But if he were reanimated in present-day Oklahoma City and also commissioned to write a poem with aims not unlike the one he wrote in honor of the Colosseum two millenia earlier, it turns out he’d be able to use the better part of his original text. While home only to two consecutive days of games at most and the site of almost zero deaths-by-lion, the Chesapeake Energy Arena, like its Roman predecessor, is a home to spectacle.  As the venue for the city’s only major-league team, the Arena is the one true gathering place for the citizens of Oklahoma City to celebrate their Oklahoma-hood. And, so far as the present author can tell, Oklahomans really like being from Oklahoma. At no point is this more evident than on the night following Westbrook’s shoot for Flaunt, when the Thunder played host to the Houston Rockets. Besides being something of a regional rival (despite its 400-mile distance from OKC, Houston is the second-closest NBA city by car), Houston is now also home to the aforementioned Harden, one of the team’s main contributors from the Thunder’s recent playoff runs. Despite starting only seven games in three years as a member of the Thunder, Harden was up for a considerable raise when he hit free agency at the end of the 2012–13 season—a raise that the Thunder would have been unable to afford under the league’s salary structure at the time. Recognizing that, general manager Sam Presti traded Harden to the Rockets, for whom (as of this late-November game) he’s already the team’s leading scorer. Tonight’s game represents Harden’s first game back since his departure, and the crowd is electric ahead of tip-off. The pregame festivities are, in the parlance of the Internet, an “Oklahoma’d” version of those in the league’s other 29 stadia. First, a video montage plays on the arena’s center-court scoreboard, including all or most of the state’s assorted water towers. Then, a real-live local preacher stands at mid-court and delivers a real-live benediction (one which includes the words “His only son” among other similar invocations of Jesus of Nazareth). Then, a buffalo-shaped mascot whips the fans into a frothy mess by beating rhythmically and with ever-increasing passion on a bass drum. When the crowd continues to stand even after the first couple possessions, I ask the season-ticket holder next to me why that is. “We don’t sit until the first score for the home team,” he says. Just minutes later, Westbrook finds himself at the center of everything. Less than halfway into the first quarter, Houston guard Daequan Cook takes and misses a three-pointer. The ball bounces off the back of the rim, right into the hands of Harden, who goes up right away with a jumpshot from the foul line. Except, as it turns out, he never gets the shot off. For, just as the ball is leaving his fingertips, it’s directed by means of a vicious swat from behind. Russell Westbrook has rushed back after recognizing the offensive rebound and knocked the ball out of Harden’s hands from behind. The crowd goes wild. “What a spectacle,” no one says—although, it would have been ideal if they had, for the sake of a meaningful conclusion. 1 For those curious, here are the top three of all time, according to a totally real and not fictional committee on such matters: 3 Winston Churchill to Bessie Braddock Braddock: “Sir, you are drunk.” Churchill: “And you, madam, are ugly. But in the morning, I shall be sober.” 2 Jesus of Nazareth to the Pharisees Pharisees: “Is it right to pay taxes to Caesar or not?” Jesus: [Holding coin with Caesar’s face] “Render unto Caesar what is Caesar’s and to God what is God’s.” 1 James McNeill Whistler to Oscar Wilde Wilde: “I wish I’d said that.” Whistler “You will, Oscar, you will!” My bastard editor for this piece, Matthew Bedard—who, it should be noted, is a bastard —requested, after reading an early draft of the present work, that I add more “real-time content” or some other manner of specious editorial terminology that I assume one acquires from living and working in Los Angeles. Added Bedard: “We don’t typically send a writer to a place for three days like this. You can do it as a footnote, even, if you want. I’d just like there to be more of a sense that you were in OKC, what the shoot was like, etc.” To all of which comments I replied: “In the interest of full disclosure, am I allowed to admit, as well, how woefully unqualified I am to write a piece like the one you’ve asked me to write, having both (a) almost no journalistic training and (b) even less familiarity with high fashion, except for that which I extracted from certain early-season episodes of Project Runway?” “Yeah. You can do anything.” “And so I can also make it known what a poor editor you probably are to hire someone like me—again, almost totally incompetent—to write a cover—story for you?” “Yes.” “And call you a ‘bastard’? In print? Can I call you ‘bastard’ in print in your own magazine that you edit?” “Yes.” “Oh. Well, then. This’ll be more fun now.” In response to Bedard’s request, and because the author has no capacity whatsoever for writing “scenes,” here’s a collection of impressions from between the author’s arrival in Oklahoma City and the end of Westbrook’s shoot for the magazine. On arriving at the airport, how the author felt upon being greeted by a personal driver: Like a million dollars, when a million dollars actually meant something. On arriving at his hotel, how the author felt upon learning that Flaunt had booked him a suite: Like a second pair of million dollars. But also: increasingly suspicious about that publication’s allocation of resources. On how many pinot grigios (grigii?) the author drank at the hotel’s lounge shortly after his arrival on the grounds: Three. On drinking pinot grigios alone at a hotel lounge, how it makes the author feel, for better or worse: Like a sexually liberated and 47-year-old divorcee on the fucking prowl. On Zaquan and Dexter—the stylist’s assistant and tailor for the shoot, respectively—the author’s impressions of them: That they’d be the finalists in a World’s Sweetest Man Competition, if such a kind of competition existed. And that neither would win, on account of they’d both want the other one to win because of how sweet they are. On Zaquan and Dexter, what the author would say about them were he (i.e. the author) a sexually liberated and 47-year-old divorcee: “I could just eat them up.” On the space for the shoot, actual information about it: The Flaunt for Westbrook shoot took place in a sort of gutted loft space with exposed brick and myriad Christmas lights on the fifth floor (I think it was) of what’s known as the Magnolia Building, downtown on OKC’s North Broadway Avenue. On the view from one window of said loft space: From one Southward-facing window of the aforementioned space, the author could see the very tall and new and glassy Devon Energy Center and the Gothic-style SBC Building. He could also see no fewer than two buildings whose interior lights were configured to reveal, upon nightfall, giant crosses—like, Jesus-y ones—on the exteriors of those buildings. On meeting Russell Westbrook, what the author pretended: That he (i.e. the author) totally knew what he was doing. On the author, what he did as photographer Davis Factor and team worked with Westbrook: Hovered awkwardly, mostly. Also: ate from the spread. Also: checked his email more than was patently necessary. On Russell Westbrook, how impressed he was by the author’s questions for him at a nearby pizza place following the shoot: Not particularly. The reader will note that this phrase (i.e. ecstatic pith) represents the high point of the present document insofar as Hot Writing Action is concerned. 4The majority of this paragraph has been copy-and-pasted from promotional materials provided by Westbrook’s publicist. The author knows only, like, 45% of what he’s written here. 5If this conclusion seems peculiarly abrupt, it has less to do with the fact that this is an obviously appropriate ending for the piece, and more to do with the fact that the author was invited to a private suite for the second half of the relevant game, in which suite he was treated to two doubles of Maker’s Mark by its very generous tenants. For this reason, the precise details of the game’s latter two quarters are lost to time; however, the internet reports that OKC won in commanding fashion, 120-98. In less commanding fashion, is how the author woke up the next morning, at ca. 6:30am, to make his flight back to the Midwestern hamlet that he presently calls home. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Cotton printed blazer with high armhole and knot buttons, cashmere crew neck pullover, linen short sleeve shirt, cotton jockstrap shorts, cotton shorts, cotton necktie, cotton high socks and canvas shoes by Thom Browne. Cotton double-breasted sleeveless jacket, cotton short sleeve button-up shirt, cotton pants, and two-toned leather shoes by Jil Sander. Nylon and mohair tank, pants, and leather sandals by Prada. Rayon single-breasted jacket, linen pants, and canvas shoes by Giorgio Armani. Wool blazer, wool vest, and wool sleeveless sweater by Dior Homme. Lambskin leather vest, cotton trousers, leather belt with multicolor buckles, and leather sandals by Lanvin. Cotton rayon short sleeve shirt by Calvin Klein Collection. Silk blazer and pants, cotton button-down shirt, leather shoes, silk tie, pocket square, and prescription glasses by Tom Ford. Nylon-wool cardigan, cotton floral shirt, nylon-wool pants with cotton floral print lining, and leather Chelsea boots by Bottega Veneta. Leather sleeveless motorcycle jacket, cotton printed pants, brass bracelets, and patent leather gladiator open toe boots by Versace. Wool flap-pocket blazer with reverse press buttons, cotton button-up shirt, wool low waist easy-fit shorts, and leather shoes by Raf Simons. Cotton jacket, cotton button-up short sleeve shirt, cotton shorts, and desert boots byLouis Vuitton.    In the Future We’ll Issue Tariffs for Our Good Looks  
        Photographed by Matt Conant     Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Silk chiffon tiered gown with lace yolk by Creatures of the Wind and leather stiletto boots by Tabitha Simmons for Creatures of the Wind.      Shane Gabier and Chris Peters photographed by Christopher Lane in Mendham, NJ on July 25, 2012.      Mohair crop sleeve and silk brocade jacket and pleated wool crêpe trouser by Creatures of the Wind.      Cotton long-sleeve tiered cocktail dress by Creatures of the Wind and patent leather flat buckle mary janes by Tabitha Simmons for Creatures of the Wind.     Cotton flannel shirt with crackled leather and silver-leafed handmade lace and poly gabardine cropped pleated knit trousers by Creatures of the Wind and leather stiletto boots by Tabitha Simmons for Creatures of the Wind.     Hand knit cashmere and wool basket-weave short-sleeve pullover sweater and leather waxed circle skirt by Creatures of the Wind and leather stiletto boots by Tabitha Simmons for Creatures of the Wind.     Swarovski crystal embroidered shirt and striped multi-color wool and windowpane cotton double layer skirt by Creatures of the Wind and leather flat buckle boots by Tabitha Simmons for Creatures of the Wind.      Silk charmeuse and cotton liberty raglan top with vintage quilt fragment appliqué and leather waxed circle skirt by Creatures of the Wind.     Cotton plaid and printed raw pleated top and silk brocade and silk metallic jacquard stripe double layer skirt by Creatures of the Wind and Leather flat buckle boot by Tabitha Simmons for Creatures of the Wind.      Wool cape and mohair hand knit sweater by Creatures of the Wind.                  “I incorporate plants in a lot of my other work (primarily hand-cut collage) and the natural components I use in my collages are more formal architectural components,” Eichorn says. “I used these to build up imagined architecturally diverse spaces through the natural occurring forms in the found imagery. Through the gathering of collage components I’ve been able to hone in on different mythology, rituals and histories surrounding the types of flora or foliage. So for the floor and hanging work I used my process of collage and arranging of components as a jumping off point.” Designed so as to convey the mood of an enchanted forest, Eichorn’s runway adornments were meant to reflect Gabier and Peters’ discovery of the book The Secret of the Commonwealth of Elves, Fauns, and Fairies—which inspired the Fall collection. The final result is a range of artisanal garments that mix and match a variety of fabrics; leathers, treated lace, silk tulle, jacquard, poplin cotton and wool. Other fantasy influences include Peter S. Beagle’s novel The Last Unicorn, which can be seen on a white long-sleeve shirt, intricately embroidered with a phrase from the story. When styled with a three-quarters sleeve heavy-knit sweater, a patent leather skirt, and a bolero scarf with vivid floral hand embroideries, the entire look is decidedly romantic. But its fantastical theme of other worlds speaks to the designers’ curious intelligences, their notions of duality, destiny and free-will, the mind’s encroachment on the data of a sometime obdurate world. Sitting at a corner table in the Cookshop, the West Chelsea eatery where artists and dealers mingle for power lunches, Shane Gabier, Christopher Peters and I all nibble on warm cookies while we talk about life, mystery, Chicago, work, fate, fashion, fabric, freedom and their collaborative work with Eichhorn. Shane Gabier: I moved to Chicago to go to school and I originally thought that I was going to go for architecture. That was my plan at the time. I started in architecture, but it really only took one semester to decide that it wasn’t for me. I had always been interested in clothing so I decided to take a few fashion classes. I transferred and loved it right away. The scale of everything made a lot more sense to me and I was able to see results happening immediately. Christopher Peters: I started making my own clothes in high school and became more interested in the idea of studying fashion. I didn’t know if I should pursue that or science and become a biologist. After I graduated school, I did a year as a Research Assistant for a couple of different programs in Marine Biology. After that year, I decided I would go and pursue fashion instead. It was really amazing, but in the back of my mind, it wasn’t what I thought that I needed to be doing. SG: In the beginning, we started coming up with ideas, talking about fashion, sketching together and making samples. We have a studio in our house where we started working together and developing ideas. At that point, we were making all of the samples ourselves. Everything was more of a project than a collection. CP: Our first collection was probably Spring/Summer ’11. We started working together in 2007, but we don’t consider those real collections. They were more experiments for us. CP: The Spring ’09 collection really revolved around “Mayday” and the idea of youth and fertility. We weren’t trying to make anything too complex. It was really about focusing on the core ideas since it was just the two of us. SG: The first two seasons that we started working we were doing both men and women; maybe 4-5 looks for men and 6-8 looks for women. After that, we realized that we weren’t able to focus. We needed to make a decision and put all of our energy into one place. We decided to start focusing on women at that time. That’s where I think if we were to look back to that point, that was when we started seeing things clearer. Our ideas and concepts were starting to work through the collection a bit more. We have slightly different backgrounds and you can definitely see the pieces that Chris made and what I made. SG: It’s a lyric from the song, “Wild Is The Wind”. The song was first performed by Johnny Mathis in 1957 for a film by the same name. I first knew the song from a cover Nina Simone did in the late 60s, early 70s. For me, it was a really beautiful lyric. Chris really liked it for other reasons as well. CP: With this collection, The Secret Commonwealth, we were analyzing ideas of duality and, at the same time, having it represent ideas of transformation. We just went all out with what we were feeling at the time. We always start with a narrative. It’s based around a 17th century cleric, Robert Turk. He wrote a book, The Secret Commonwealth, which was an exposé of the fairy world. The book is real and he was a real person. But following the publication of the book, he was taken by spirits and sealed into a tree, punishment for writing it. CP: We really just analyzed different facets of it. Robert Turk was attracted to the idea of something that was eventually self-destructive and dangerously alluring. It was something that, to him, was more perfect and beautiful than his real world, and it eventually lead to his death. That, to us, is an interesting idea. Also, the idea of a magical and invisible world overlapping the real world was intriguing. To bring that to the collection, it was really important to find the material that really had a layered element and a bit of fantasy. SG: I think that it’s also important to note that this kind of concept is really the framework for how Chris and I bounce ideas back and forth because we are two people working together. I think it’s not necessary to see the concept in the end, but use it as a frame for the mood or sensation. Then it’s about us finding that Pandoric representation through the materials and styling. For us, it’s there, but I don’t think it’s so important. SG: We wanted the set to reference a forest, without being too direct. We wanted to capture a feeling of ceremony and ritual, but again, in an atmospheric, evocative way. SG: Yes, I think for this Fall’s collection, it was a really important investigation. I think we approach every collection and season differently. We really focus on this aspect of craft for Fall. I don’t think it’s necessarily a crucial part of every collection. Going forward into the next collection, we were thinking about garments and their construction in the most different way. I think it’s interesting for us to switch up our technical approach every season as well. CP: I think we’ve been adding on about 15-20 pieces each season since we’ve been properly showing. We’d shown 18 pieces in Spring ’11 and now for Spring ’13, we’re showing 28-30 pieces. SG: Yes, we have to be really careful about what’s being made. We can’t be wasteful. Everything is thought out and we have lengthy discussions about every pieces before it goes into production. CP: People have to be happy with the collection. We’re also a couple and the happiness that happens within a collection carries over to the relationship and that has to be maintained. CP: We haven’t really collaborated with many fashion people in Chicago. People that we’ve worked with are usually musicians or artists. There are a lot of art communities and recording studios in Chicago. The singer Matteah Baim did some silk macabre one season.  Even our friends that don’t live in Chicago are there, part-time, recording albums. We have collaborated with Tabitha Simmons. This will be our third season with her. Her shoe collection is the best. We work with Erickson Beamon on jewelry. They are so passionate and have a very encompassing vision. CP: We do everything in New York City. This season is the first season where we produced a few styles in Japan. Just in terms of quality, they have some of the best facilities in the world. Bringing any sort of economic support to Japan is very important to us as well. SG: As Chris said, we’re adding at least 15 more styles each season and I think our collaborations are growing. We’re looking into accessories and are in the very first stages of that project. We’re looking at an organic type of growth. We are really comfortable with the rate things have grown in the past couple of years and want to maintain that. We’ve experimented with small networks of groups and that’s something that we want to get into more. We’re growing the collection. For Fall, we did our first evening wear groups with a couple of pieces and we’re going to continue that for Spring. CP: We’ve faced a lot of resistance when we first started off. People weren’t really looking to embrace anything that wasn’t New York. In L.A., I feel like people treated us really badly, and if you’re from Chicago, it’s like you just wandered out of the forest. We actually had a major retailer tell us to lie and say that we’re from New York. Then the collection started getting critical reception, and people started paying attention. Our first retailers that we started off with were some of the best shops in the world. CP: We don’t want our clothing to be a disposable commodity, but to be something that’s important and still feel fresh and relevant in a person’s closet well after they buy it. That’s definitely one of our key points when we’re designing a collection. The existence of Creatures of the Wind means an intersection between individual tastes, craft and collaboration is still possible in American fashion. And just as its impossible to imagine what CotW clothes would look like if one or the other wasn’t involved, it’s hard to imagine the fashion landscape without CotW flourishing in it. Their clothing doesn’t look or feel like any other designer clothes currently available at retail stores. When so few things on the racks call out for attention or stir that part of the soul that urges one to buy, buy, buy—CotW is something of a miracle; a lucky toss of the dice. Hopefully as their business grows, they can maintain the special quality their designs have—that collaborative, daring, gambling spirit—without any compromises. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Topman & James Long  
        Young Rebels Go Far and Wide in Jumpers     
    Continuing his knack for channeling rebellious spirit through his design, London’s menswear hero of the moment James Long presents a seven-piece knitwear collection that captures the essence of his “jumper wearing heroes” exclusively for Topman. “I enjoy knitwear. I don’t know how to knit, which makes me stronger creatively, as when you don’t know the rules you can work with no restrictions,” says the free-spirited Long. “There is an element of fun to this collection. I feel like I really understand the Topman customer. Within that space [capsule collection], there are some really fashion forward pieces. It has the intricacy of previous work and signature patterns that scope back over my last 10 collections.” Ever since James Long first showed in London, Topman has been by his side, supporting and nurturing his success through their New Gen initiative in the hope that one day they would bag an exclusive capsule collection like this one. Though the designer is known for his heavy use of expensive fabrics, like leather, and complex design detailing that doesn’t tend to transfer easily to the high street, he has managed to create this affordable offer without compromise. “We [James and Topman Designer/Director, Gordon Richardson] decided together that knitwear was something we could produce at a premium level in store. We wanted this to be a ‘Made in England’ project with top quality British wool and engineering.” Of the six crews and one cardigan, each depicts a musical hero of Long’s, including Keith Richards and of course Kurt Cobain. “I have this picture of Sid Vicious over my desk where he is in the backstage of a club looking fucked, but he is wearing this jumper with spots which has just always stood out for me.” The bestselling piece has been the multi-colored Tartan knit, which, Long says, “was supposed to represent the Bay City Rollers on Acid.” So here goes to pushing knitwear to a new level of cool. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017     Peter Nappi  
        These Old World Artisans Want Their Boots on the Ground     
    Nashville is happening—and the people in the know, that is, who know that Nashville is happening, are becoming pretty damn vocal about its happening. This is actually really happening, they say. Nashville is really progressive—one of the more progressive cities in the country. Jack White is here. It’s not just you know ... In this particular case you know stands in for sequins, for Country Music, which has pigeonholed the collective imagination concerning Nashville. But those in “the Nashville know” want the rest of us to get hip to the fact there’s a whole lot else going on. Yes, you can still snag shit kickers at a honky-tonk on Lower Broadway, but one artisan designer is fitting the city to a new kind of boot, in a former meat packing plant, within the burgeoning creative community just north of downtown Nashville. “We take a tremendous amount of pride in that we’re based in Nashville, and I think that’s something unique to the brand, especially an Italian hand crafted shoe company,” says co-owner, Jonathan Crocker. “Everything’s designed in Nashville but all of the craftsmanship is based in Tuscany, in Italy—and that juxtaposition of hand crafted design and an Italian handcrafted boot and shoe company based in Nashville, we think is a really interesting point.” The very origins of the company speak to this globalization. In 2009, Phillip Nappi sold one of the biggest waste management and recycling companies in Middle Tennessee, buying the time to follow his lifelong passion for boots. Jumping in with both feet, Phillip moved to Italy with his wife Dana and their then-toddler daughter. “Phillip lost his parents before he was twelve,” explains Dana, also Peter Nappi C.O.O. “For Phillip, moving to Italy was always a twofold effort: he wanted to reconnect with his past, and find a production facility for his designs.” While immersing himself in Italian bootmaking, Phillip investigated his family’s history. Studying the papers marking his grandfather’s arrival in America, Phillip was stunned: In a section of the document where passengers listed occupations like “peasant” or “carpenter,” Phillip’s grandfather Peter wrote “shoemaker.” “I called for Dana. The hair on the back of my neck was standing up,” remembers Phillip. Phillip thought his grandfather was a lifelong restaurateur, but Peter Nappi only gave up shoemaking when providing for his five children necessitated the career change. “So we get to continue his passion and fulfill ours at the same time,” smiles Phillip, talking about his company’s namesake. While many artisan brands claim  “authenticity” and “tradition,” Nappi has a real story and the real goods. “For us, we’re a brand—at the risk of sounding cliché—that is truly about creating these emotional connections. Everything is unique and authentic. From Peter’s story to the craftsmanship of the boots, to the leathers we use,”says Crocker. Their boots—including the linings and heel pad—are made from vegetable-tanned leathers crafted in Tuscany. Nappi’s men’s and women's lines both boast timeless cuts and striking silhouettes that are rugged, but refined—they would look at home in a farmer’s field or at a fashion fête. But, mind the “f” word around Nappi. “Fashion is such a tricky, slippery slope,” said Phillip. “We don’t want to be a part of a trend. These boots are something you could wear a hundred years ago, wear a hundred years from now. Something you could wear. Wear right now.” Nappi’s limited styles are stubbornly anti-trend. Their exceptional materials and expert craftsmanship deny the built-in obsolescence that is the hallmark of contemporary fashion. But, can a boot become a work of art? For Nappi, that happens when unique pieces transcend everyday utility. He explains. “We let the natural imperfections and the actual markings that are on the animal come out in the shoes. They are individual works of art.” An upcoming vintage line will go even further, offering pieces to be admired, but sparingly worn. “People won’t be able to wear them everyday—the leather is already 50, 60, 70 years old so they’re also better understood as art,” Nappi says. Every Peter Nappi design gets a name. A new, heeled ladies boot is named for Phillip and Dana’s daughter. A men’s design recalls Bartolomeo, the patron saint of shoemakers. And if Peter Nappi continues striving for art through craftsmanship in his boots, I’m placing my pre-order for a pair of Leonardos right now. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017      Clean Structures: The Elevated Simplicity of Lucio Castro  
        Photographed by Christopher Lane
     
    “It’s probably what every design student wants to do ultimately, to design something that represents what he or she is about,” says designer Lucio Castro, referring to the fact that he left behind a successful career at a big fashion house to strike out on his own for Fall 2011. “I had worked in the industry for a long time and was ready to start my own business. It wasn’t scary at all; it was exciting. I’m not attached to money or material things, so I wasn’t scared to let some luxuries go and accommodate my budget. Doing what I love is way more important to me than having a beach house. Both would be ideal, however.” Castro flashes an impish smile. We sit in Castro’s studio, a cramped third floor walkup that he shares with a handbag designer. His studio is located in an industrial loft building on Nassau Avenue on the borderline of Greenpoint and Williamsburg. In the middle of the studio sits a large rectangular wood table surrounded by racks of clothes. Behind a large desk, in the middle of the studio, a stairway leads to a mezzanine level used as storage for garments wrapped in clear plastic, readied for shipment. The wood table overflows with swatches, sketches, buttons, books, photocopied lookbooks, and snapshots of Castro’s upcoming Spring 2013 collection that must be finished and sent to Paris for the sales season debut. Fashion is one of the most difficult businesses to break into—an industry that requires the utmost personal perseverance and financial resilience simply to survive from one season to the next. And that’s only if one has the talent to attract people to one’s work and sell clothes. In my experiences over the years as a magazine editor, I have seen my fair share of successes and failures, each with their own particular anecdotes. I admire those who become inculcated into the pantheon of fashion due to their unwavering focus and determination. Raf Simons’ first show was in a basement off the Bastille, Alexander McQueen burst onto the scene with his Highland Rape show, Hedi Slimane quietly debuted his YSL men’s collection, and Tom Ford’s first collection for Gucci were began auspiciously. Castro’s launch brings these collections to mind. But how does one get to the launchpad? “Mainly with personal savings,” jokes the Buenos Aires native, who was born in 1975 into a family who immigrated to Argentina in the ’30s. “I grew in a household made up of a Spanish telenovela actress mother and an Italian nuclear-physicist father. As I was an only child, we were more like a trio than a regular family. My parents were film buffs and they took me to see really great films when I was very young. Even though they were very different and came from different worlds, they found a common place in chess. They would play chess all day long—it was their secret ceremony.” While Castro’s parents taught him intellectual propriety and gave him a cultural crash course, it was another family member who taught him about humility and instilled in him an appreciation for beauty and the finer things in life. “I remember being taken care of by my maternal grandmother Celia—I have her name tattooed on my chest—while my mother was working on acting jobs,” Castro recalls. “My grandma came very young to Argentina from a very poor family in Galicia, Spain, and she had a very hard life, but with me she opened up and became fragile, like a little girl. We were best friends. I was born when she was 68 years old, and I always thought how cool it was to get a new best friend at that age. And her house, which was built by my grandfather in the ’30s in Italian Rationalist style—and which façade I engraved in all the metal buttons of my line—was a constant playground. One of my favorite parts of her house was the main bedroom that she used to share with my grandfather until his death in 1970. When I was born she was already sleeping in the second bedroom, so to me this was natural, but now I find it quite moving that she could not sleep on the same bed that she shared with her husband for so long after his death.” It was also in this bedroom that Castro discovered fashion. “The main bedroom was closed off, and I loved to go there and look inside the closet where my grandmother kept all my grandfather’s clothes, intact, hanging from the same hangers, waiting to be worn. This was my first real encounter with clothes. I was very intrigued to know this man, my grandfather, and I could not ask my grandmother about him because we were not really talking about feelings, so my only chance was to try to guess who he was by his clothes. The neck stains, the smells, the length of the pants. Clothes became the intriguing negative of a man I did not know. This is still, I think, the reason why I love clothes.” As Castro began to notice clothes, Buenos Aires began to tell him things about people’s personal styles. “In the ’70s and ’80s, Argentina was marked by the transition from a military government to a democracy. Still, the fashion was very ‘Western,’ and similar to what you would have found in the U.S. or Europe at that time. But Buenos Aires had, and still has, a very interesting relationship with the ‘West.’ Most Argentinians are second or third-generation European immigrants and that creates a sense of melancholy and loss, which is very characteristic of our culture. Tango completely exemplifies that. In my case, I think that my aesthetic is somewhat defined by embracing the aspirational distortion that is a part of melancholy. A melancholic person dreams of something that he or she feels they cannot re-create anymore. I like the idea of trying to re-create something that you really love and then accept all the differences and new exciting distortions that come up in this attempt.” In 1999, Castro graduated from the University of Buenos Aires with a degree in Film, having concurrently studied medicine. “I studied medicine because my father was a scientist, and he felt that anything but science was banal. I studied medicine for five years, but during my second year as a graduate student, I enrolled in film school and graduated after three years—while still in med school.” Castro then moved to New York and enrolled at Parsons to study fashion design, where he learned the technical aspects of pattern, cutting, and sewing. “For my thesis, I did a women’s wear collection, because my senior design instructor had a great knowledge in dresses, and I wanted to learn about it. I had done almost exclusively menswear collections throughout my years at Parsons. I also took tailoring and shoe design courses. For the women’s wear collection, I was nominated for Designer of the Year. It was based on this vintage silver ring I found that was very simple and had loose diamonds inside. You could hear them when you shook the ring, but you could not see them. I liked this idea of hidden luxury, which is actually a very “menswear” idea—what matters are the details. The silhouettes can stay simple and approachable. This still defines my aesthetic.” Today, intricate detailing can be found on a Lucio Castro single-button light wool cotton short cut slim suit: the buttons are made in Ecuador from tagua palm seeds, which were used before the age of synthetic buttons. A light brown cotton linen zippered blouson incorporates a front flap closed with coconut buttons. And a gray leather zippered blouson utilizes fine line windowpane quilting—invisible at a distance—which makes the jacket thin and lightweight. After graduating from Parsons, Castro spent a year working at Marc Jacobs, then moved over to DKNY Jeans, and then spent six years with A/X Armani Exchange, where he became the Men’s Design Director. Finally, in mid-2011, he struck out on his own. “At A/X, all our designs and samples were personally corrected and revised by Giorgio Armani and his patternmakers—the same he’s been using for many years. So the technical knowledge was endless. I learned a lot about what men like to wear. And I learned a lot about fit. For example, I dedicated a huge amount of time to perfect the fit on my T-shirts, which are a staple of menswear, and I feel that it’s usually disregarded. People talk about the fit of a tailored jacket but few talk about the right fit of a T-shirt.” With his experiences at those major houses in hand, Castro was ready to make a name for himself. But, first he had to differentiate his label from the hordes. “My fabrics are very expensive, and fabric-sourcing is perhaps the most time-consuming part of my job,” Castro says about the uniqueness of his line. “They are mainly Japanese, Italian, or Indian organic. And I think that a great fit in a great fabric is already enough, but I still do believe in subtle and hidden detailing. All my rib trims are developed and produced in the UK with an amazing technician based there. My buttons are ethically made in workshops in Ecuador, Nepal, and India.” Castro’s concepts behind his label had been brewing for some time. He admits he began thinking about his first collection a year before quitting A/X. The resulting collection fused elements of the intellectual rigidity his parents had instilled in him, and the common sense of his grandmother. “The first collection was based on Fernand Deligny, a French educator and philosopher who came up with the term ‘elevated simplicity,’” Castro says. “This term really described what I wanted my first collection to be. Elevated, because each fabric was of great quality, and simple, because I was interested in the idea of ‘wearability’ in menswear.” Castro’s interest in concepts driven by cultural touchstones continues into this year’s Fall collection. “Fall’s concept is based in Aki Kaurismaki, a Finnish film director whose movies are deceivingly simple, but contain a lot of subtle details,” says Castro. “He also states that he writes and directs his movies drunk, but he edits them sober—that’s why the collection is called ‘Last Call.’ His movies are quirky, and I think that for Fall I allowed myself to be a bit quirkier, especially in the use of color and fabric. I made a short film for Fall ’12 in collaboration with Jarrah Gurie, and we used performance artist Run Shayo. It follows Run after he leaves a bar at 4 a.m. until he wakes up sleeping on a diving board by an empty pool in Bear Mountain. Film and fashion completely feed off each other for me. They both carry a narrative, they are both subscribed to a context and they both, almost always, talk about people.” Narrative is central not only to Castro’s conception of his collection but there is also a story to each specific garment. Inspiration like the pedagogue Deligny or Kaurismaki’s films aside, the clothes in the first two collections are very linear in silhouette and the chosen fabrics reinforce this sense of structure. The Fall presentation on the roof deck of the Hotel Rivington this past February contained a short, one-button cotton jacket with a contrasting shawl collar; light gray cotton jeans; four-pocketed olive and deep navy heavy-cotton suits with sharp cuts and strong shoulders; wool polo knits with contrasting cable sleeves and matching pants; and a navy blue slim lapel single-breasted suit with a grey tie made with raw threads. Modernity in design is a process of sloughing off excess. The straightforward and linear silhouettes of Castro’s clothes allow customers to appreciate how each garment is made. “I think that when you present a clean structure other details are enhanced and are enabled to flourish,” says Castro. “It’s like in cooking when you have a really great ingredient and you want to present it as purely as possible. My fabrics and fit are very special and, to me, it’s important that they are not obscured by a complicated design.” Case in point: a light blue denim jacket from the first collection hangs near me on a rack in his studio. The low patch pockets resemble those of a safari jacket rather than a jean jacket. Instead of patch pockets on the chest, there are large, functional pockets below the waist. Lacking pomposity, the clothes contain fine details like organic fabrics. This jacket personifies what precisely attracts customers to Castro’s clothes. Philip Salem is the owner and buyer of Owen NYC, a designer fashion boutique in the center of the Meatpacking District shopping arcade, which also carries Tim Hamilton, Robert Geller, Patrik Ervell, and Timo Weiland on the men’s side. Salem bought Castro’s collection from the Opening Ceremony showroom, and says that the line sells well. “I love the great tailored fit and the contrasting colors that really demonstrate a structured fit that is dominant now,” Salem says. “The leather quilted jacket, the nylon jackets, the fitted button shirts, and the range of T-shirts in different colors really cater to the diverse clientele that come into the shop. The knitwear are great sellers, as well. It’s really the kind of clothes that a customer would want to have for a long time.” And it’s this longevity that Castro strives for, not only in style, but in quality. He considers the endurance of a quality product as a way to be conscious of the environment.            “I think the best and most conscious way to consume is to buy the very expensive products that can last for a very long time,” Castro says, “like well made leather shoes with wood platforms. Real fur as opposed to hazardous fake fur that has all the pretenses of caring, but, in reality, is really detrimental. That’s why I use real leather, which is actually a byproduct of the meat industry in Argentina. The leather there is top quality and so is the handling and manufacturing. For me the ethical production means that I feel responsible in every aspect of the construction of my garments. It is made in a place that is both specialized and also careful of the environment. I am an independent designer and I know how hard can that be, so that’s why I like to support other independent factories and workshops. It also places more importance in each garment and each detail. It also allows me to control each part of the process.” For Castro, it all comes back to culture and inspiration. He lists off his muses, which range far and wide, from the very obscure to the widely celebrated: Martin Margiela (the designer), APC, “what old people wear at retirement houses,” outsider artists, The Museum of Everything, Louise Bourgeois, Sigurdur Gudmundsson, Robert Bresson, Kaurismaki, Woody Allen, JD Salinger, Raymond Roussel, Cesar Aira. “Of course there are millions of influences,” says Castro. “Maybe the most direct are the ‘looks’ of the actors in films from the Nouvelle Vague.” In the end, one thing ties together all the influences and feelings of Castro’s clothes: subtlety. “My clothes are not about loud noise,” Castro says. “They have a sound but you have to get close to them to hear it.” Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Dress by MAXIME SIMOENS.         Dress by MAXIME SIMOENS.      Dress and shoes by JC de CASTELBAJAC. Vintage cape by BURBERRY, shoes by BERLUTI, and hat by DIOR.     Shirt by AMERICAN APPAREL.                  The Armagnac spilling from the Ortolan is called 700, in honor of the seven centuries the French brandy has existed. For three years, artist, entrepreneur, and the Gers resident, Count Louis-Marie de Castelbajac, has been working with the most reputable distilleries in the region for his Armagnac’s presentation to the top shelf global spirit market. 700 launches this fall in Paris, where de Castelbajac divides his time. The 700 experience is incomparably French, and therefore, exceptionally distinct, assured, and, of course, carried out with éclat. A glass noses pepper and vanilla, and sings of woody robustness, caramel, and aged citrus. It’s smooth and complex. Spiritually, the liquor carries sentiments of sun-soaked feasts of foie gras and grape must-driven moutarde de Gascogne, specialties of the region. It also contains memoirs of the fecund soil of Southwestern France; the labored battles with the Moors, with the pesky English; chilly afternoons spent fireside in a library of leatherbound classics; and an understanding that your father often knows more than you. “I feel Armagnac resembles what in today’s world is kind of fading away,” de Castelbajac shares over a quick picnic of cured olives, Beaufort, and a bottle of Gascogne on Paris’ Pont des Arts Bridge, where those truly deserving of summer have congregated. “In a big consumption world it embodies a tradition and a region that truly feels timeless, truly unpolluted by society—where really beautiful men and women, some of whom have never even been to Paris, wake up everyday and tend to their vines, and get their hands dirty.” Not only did de Castelbajac seek the finest Armagnac distilleries in the region, he created a bottle that harmonizes perfectly with the brandy’s essence. De Castelbajac toiled over the design with a specialist, which features hand-blown numerals inverted up into the copper-colored liquid, akin to wavy coral on an ocean floor. De Castelbajac hints at artist collaborations to rework the bottle down the road, but, as is, the bottle is a radical departure from Armagnac’s often-dull housing. “My approach has really been to adapt 700 to today’s desire for originality, to make it young again,” de Castelbajac says, “because in France, it’s very much an alcohol which has been savored by the elders—and the new generation doesn’t even know anything about Armagnac. I worked to create a unique flavor with the right elements. Some of these producers you’ll find in the most desolate areas and those can be the best ones. So it can be a big process—not a painful process, because, you know, there’s a lot of drinking involved, a lot of tastings and getting to know the experts who are like the noses for perfume—but a lot of travel, patience for the systems of agriculture in France, a lot of trial and error.” Patience is a virtuous trait in France, more so than any other country. The French are patient (lunches are often gastronomic marathons, complete with heavily poured wine), but they also demand patience in return. “France has been seen as a beacon of know-how for certain things,” de Castelbajac responds to the suggestion that the world perhaps needed to wait 700 years to truly learn of Armagnac. “I think that know-how is very important to a certain point, but sometimes I think French products don’t retain their identity. Or they don’t look at a contemporary way to communicate to the consumer. And so I think, especially this one, it’s been in the countryside for 700 years now, because it’s been developed for 700 years. You always have fashion and certain things, which are the pinnacle of France to the outer world, but perhaps it’s now time for Armagnac’s glory—its savoir-faire you could say.” The savoir-faire of agricultural production, and particularly products designated AOC (Appellation D'origine Controlee—France’s strict provenance-control bureau), is arguably not all lovey-dovey, though. “That products and land are protected is great,” de Castelbajac says, as the sun sets over the Seine, “but sometimes it is hard to bring a contemporary idea into that environment because you work with so many unions and so forth, and it’s intensive to take a new project through. Or perhaps there can be a sense that such an endeavor might put them at risk, and in the end they could appear ostentatious.” Risks, at present, are of a different variety. For we’re awfully far from the Gers. A trio of Parisian girls has just arrived onto the bridge, a bottle of rosé in tow, and a chic detachment on their faces—as opposed to kerchiefs. Still, they somehow appear equally eager as the ladies down south for a bit of spice. It’s suggested to de Castelbajac that they be invited for a clandestine Ortolan session with the 700. He shakes his head and laughs. “That ceremony is pretty barbaric, man, but what I like about it is the ceremony aspect. That’s life to me,” he says, “the universal thread of existing—loving, laughing, having dinner with friends, having adventures. And cheesy as it sounds, it’s important to ask, ‘Why is this a beautiful thing, or why is this a beautiful art piece, or what is the complexity in this?’ A lot of people tend to skim through that, but if you really sit down and want to appreciate something, it’s the company you’re in and how you’re enjoying it that makes the difference.” At that, the Ortolan idea is shelved, the 700 is cracked, the ladies are lured to our company, night dizzily melts into dawn, and shame before God? We’ll leave it to the birds. Models: Morgane and Virginie for VIPModels.fr. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                  Meet founding trio, sisters Priscilla and Déborah Royer and their friend Virginie Muys. One glance at them—geared up in hoodies under which peak the finest of silk and lurex knit dresses (which, I was later to find out, are made in the same atelier as Alaïa) and supple calf-skin tote bags used to carry a Vespa helmet—will inform you of their cheeky attitude towards both Parisian femininity and tradition. Founded in 2011 and awarded this year’s prestigious ANDAM prize for young talents, the label’s mission is best summed up in its name. While ‘Pièce’ suggests a collectible, something precious, ‘Anarchive’ is a contraction of the words ‘archive’ and ‘anarchy’, a desire to honor and simultaneously hijack tradition. “We want to create something exquisitely made, but which pushes boundaries,” said Déborah, adding, “We want to find a balance between chaos and order”. Produced in the same ateliers as the country’s leading couture houses, their poetically anarchic clothes include flipped over cloque jacquard, neon guipure, destructed sleeves, off-center collars. Each collection is peppered with sportswear references—a novelty for the French, somewhat more classical silhouette—season after season: knit varsity jacket or leather baseball cap rub shoulders with pencil skirts and boxy shift dresses. “We craved pragmatic elegance,” said Priscilla, “clothes that you can roll into a ball and throw into your bag.” Raised in Reims, far from the capital, the two sisters’ earliest fashion memories include inventing outfits for their youngest sisters, some of which entirely composed of knotted bandanas; Priscilla’s years spent learning ballet at a young age brought an ergonomic whiff to her taste. After graduating from both Paris’s Studio Berçot and London’s Central Saint Martins, Priscilla went on to work for Vivienne Westwood for four years, eventually running her Red Label. There, she witnessed Dame Westwood’s iconoclastic approach to British heritage. Together with her sister, they decided to set up a label—a long-term dream—where she would be in charge of the design. Deborah would be in charge of the production and relation to artisans. With her background in perfume development, she was interested in the intimate relation between one’s clothes and body: “comfort is vital for me,” she says, not unlike perfume. “Clothes are like a second skin.” Last but not least, their friend Virginie Muys, with a background in event management, joined the group to look after the communications. With a small but organized team, a name, and a solid set of sketches in hand, they approached ateliers all over the country out of the blue. Slowly but surely, they gained their trust.  “Although they have illustrious clients, they felt charmed by the name, the concept, and also felt reassured to see we had a tiny but solid structure in place,” explains Priscilla. The first collection, Spring-Summer 2012, was composed entirely of knits—think light cotton, lurex, silk, square silhouettes, dropped waists, and a recurrent play on texture. The second collection blended elements of leather, wool, and heavier knits for winter and subtle sportswear detailing. The latest, full blown collection sees added chaine et trame to its resume and includes plenty of guipure experimentation and pleated chiffon for a game of transparency and length, as well as Panama hats produced by none other than Homero Ortega. Inspired by the ballet ‘The Vertiginous Thrill of Exactitude’ by William Forsythe, the collection exudes a sense of precision and dexterity. “We want to restore a real meaning in purchase—know what we are buying and why, buy less but better,” said Déborah of their small, numbered series. Moving away from a classical, collection-based routine, the brand’s communication is introduced by an Anja Aronowsky-Cronberg poem and each season is referred to in terms of chapters. “We are telling a story that we keep building upon,” says Priscilla. And that’s far from all. No less than Paolo Roversi shot their collection, which was modeled by Natalia Vodianova, and the latest by Arizona Muse. An accidental meeting led them to meet the photographer at an early stage of their development, who was charmed by their approach. The trio believe Roversi’s style works perfectly for the clothes: “his photos tell a frill-free story, just like our clothes,” said Deborah. As for Arizona Muse, “she is both hard and soft, has an ambiguous edge.” Not bad for a first start. “We’re developing, very, very slowly, focusing on the next few steps rather than a full blown brand. Let’s see where the future takes us,” Priscilla teases. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Wool blazer, jacquard button down shirt and wool wide leg trouser by Richard Chai. Flat bottom tie by BeSpoken.       Wool knitted long coat and cashmere long sleeve turtleneck dress by Dominic Louis. Leather high boots by Oliver Clark.       Leather sleeveless vest, cotton button down shirt and wool/cotton blend tapered track pant with zipper detail by 3.1 Phillip Lim.     Camel hair blazer, cotton button down shirt, cashmere suit pant by Billy Reid.       Wool long sleeveless kimono coat and wool trousers by Antonio Azzuolo.      Viscose zippered jacket by RAD by Rad Hourani.     Leather jacket, wool crew neck long sleeve shirt and wool pants with front pleats by Rochambeau. Leather high boots by Oliver Clark.     Cotton blazer, cotton path shirt and cotton chino by Rag & Bone. Leather shoes by Cole Haan. Cotton corduroy blazer, cotton button down shirt, and cotton corduroy pants by Loden Dager. Leather shoes by Cole Haan.                 Grooming:  Moiz Alladina @ Art Department, NY Grooming notes:  Moisturizing Sunscreen SPF 30+ and After Shave Balm by Eshu. Volume Powder and Shine Serum by Sachajuan. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017     Look at Me Now  
        Model Column     
    If you didn’t read last issue, or the issue before, or the issue before, here’s a catch up: I am becoming a male model because my lover once looked doe-eyed at Gavin Newsom in San Francisco and at Armie Hammer when The Social Network came out. Because I hated her doe eyes for other men. Because in order to spite her, and in order to retake my power, I had to become a male model. I had to have women look doe-eyed at me. So I flew to New York, got an agent, and he told me I needed to gain fifteen pounds of muscles. I flew home and gained twelve. I then waltzed into the chicest salon ever (called Meche pronounced “mesh”) and got a trillion dollar haircut from celebrity stylist (and hunk) Michael Sparks. Now it was time for my book. A model’s book is his portfolio of work and photographs of himself that he loves. Photographs that show his genetic lottery winning bone structure face bending slightly down from the camera like Marcus Schenkenberg. Bending slightly down because the light refracts off of nose, brow, chin and allow his eyes to look slightly up and fill the viewer with lust. Photographs that show his bronzed, shaved, fat-free, muscle perfect rig bending slightly away from the camera like Michelangelo’s David. Bending slightly away because he is nude and only titillating the viewer with dick and ass not posing for Playgirl. A model’s book is how he gets cast for Hermès runway shows and double spread Louis Vuitton advertisements and this is what I needed. Holding a chalice of Stella Artois and having a fake conversation with my ethnic “friends” for Beers of the World posters in Phoenix’s Jobing.com arena would not help me smash Armie Hammer. And so, I went in to visit my agent’s West Coast office in Los Angeles and find the right photographer. I knew I would have to have an artist. A man or woman able to see my true splendor and capture it splashed in glorious shadow and sex. My eyes needed to smolder. My pectorals needed to appear big not just slightly big. My agent’s West Coast agent suggested photographer after photographer and I looked at their work but I was uninspired. I needed something more. I needed something different. I needed something that would sing. I simply couldn’t bear becoming the face for Beers of the World. My lover had already added a third name to her list of men she was openly fawning over: Charlie Hunnam, who plays Jax Teller on Sons of Anarchy. Beers of the Fucking World would NOT cut it. Then I saw his work. The photographer’s name was Derek Dunfee. He was different. My agent’s West Coast agent said that he was a big wave surfer who was just starting to get into fashion while shrugging dismissively. What did he know? He was merely my agent’s West Coast agent. Derek’s photographs seemed sunny and light. They seemed like they would suit my particular je ne sais quoi just exactly and so I called him and set up a time. We met mid-afternoon in La Jolla, California. It was the place where Derek was raised and where he drew his inspiration. He stood before me, tattooed and model handsome himself (he was actually in Flaunt’s metallic issue), holding a Canon 5D camera. He also had an old Yashica T4 junky Terry Richardson 35mm. I do not like lo-fi for the sake of lo-fi but I liked Derek’s whole deal. He knew what he was doing. But I also started to feel very self-conscious. The Canon 5D and even the Yashica would expose me as a fraud. They would show that I did not belong. Derek placed me against a brick wall. I felt my face go wooden, my smile become labored, my aura vacillate between doubt and greater doubt. I could not shake bad, bad feelings. Sitting for photographs goes against the average man’s best instincts. He does not want to preen. He does not want to appear vain. He does not want to be the center of attention. And even as I was trying to rise above the average man and his infernal best instincts, I saw myself sliding into his pit. I saw myself as “average,” not, as I should have, “spectacular.” My face was an awkward mask. My shoulders and arms did not know what to do. I wished I had practiced. I wished I had won the genetic lottery. Derek remained silent, the only sound coming from his Canon 5D shutter. I had done the work, hadn’t I? I had gone to the gym, I had gone to the proper salon, I had willed myself beautiful. I screamed at my own heart, “BE BEAUTIFUL!” but did not feel any different in return. And then Derek said he was finished. He said he would email me the selects. I was devastated but also held out slim hope that my images would represent something greater. That there would be something undeniably magnetic looking back. Marc Jacobs and Tom Ford and Hedi Slimane and Raf Simons would fall under my spell. I would be the face they had all been looking for. Derek emailed me selects days later. The images were great, perfect even. He had talent. But the man standing in their centers was only out of place. It was all that could be said for him. Still, not wanting to admit defeat, because admitting defeat was the same thing as ordering my lover to go and be with Gavin Newsom, Armie Hammer and Charlie Hunnam, I marched back into my agent’s West Coast agent’s office and threw my book on his desk. He picked it up and slowly looked through the images. Looking down and up at me and down again. Finally he said, “You know what I think would be perfect for you? Playgirl. They really go for the guy-with-a-unique-story thing. Would you do it?” Playgirl. It was better than Beers of the World but it was not Yves St. Laurent. Or was it? I mean, what is the difference between high-fashion nudity and soft-core pornography? Wasn’t my entire goal to get women to look doe-eyed at me? I told him I would think about it and walked out his door into West Hollywood golden light not knowing if I should be depressed or flattered. Just then my cellphone rang. It was Playboy, not Playgirl, accepting my giant feature on the agricultural conglomerate Monsanto and their dirty meddling in Hawaii. The story has the sexiest elements of danger, gang activity, murder, palm trees and genetically modified organisms. My lover hates GMOs and would be thrilled at my damning of that industry. The West Hollywood golden light trickled into my soul. Joseph Heller, Roald Dahl, Ian Fleming, Gabriel Garcia Marquez, Haruki Murakami, Norman Mailer, Jack Kerouac, Kurt Vonnegut had all written for Playboy and women love writers more than they love models. Marilyn Monroe married Arthur Miller. Yes, writers are hot. Fuck models. Fuck mayors and actors too and that means you Gavin, Armie and Charlie Hunnam. Writers are the hottest men ever. I drove home to my lover to tell her that I was a literary rocket ship and she was welcome to come along. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017                Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Perverze is the burgeoning Tokyo-based, avant-garde street label taking off in global proportions. The brand is comprised of an on-going collaboration between creative visionaries in Japan, and founded on the retro styles of the 80s and 90s counterculture. Despite the decline of fashion retailers in recent years, Perverze is one of Japan's fastest-growing fashion startups. From shredded knits to tailored coats and bucket hats, the brand champions it's vintage aesthetic with modern functionality.  With recent media frenzy, Perverze has teamed up with Assembly NY to launch it's official U.S. presence. Starting November 15th, the Fall/Winter 2019 collection will be on display in New York's Lower East Side for a month-long showcase. Although this pop-up will be brief, Perverze has no plans to slow down any time soon. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On a mid-fall afternoon, Graham Tyler and I sat down at the High Line Hotel. Surrounded by its collegiate gothic-style architecture and mid-19th-century mementos, we reflect on the time ambiguousness of it— much like his work. Once a student of sculpture and millinery, Tyler found his craft somewhere between bespoke and ready-to-wear, although, he’s not the typical trend-leaning, Instagram-hype designer we’ve become accustomed to. Rather, he’s more introspective, and frankly, unparalleled in his skill. Blending Renaissance, Edwardian, and Victorian silhouettes, Graham modernizes each garment reference through a contemporary lens. In conversation, we spoke of his interests, inspirations, and career from past to present.  How did you decide to study sculpture at Cleveland Institute of Art, and how did that lead you to your millinery apprenticeship with Marta Glazen? I started with painting, and my work was about the body. When it came to actually choosing my major, I ended up going with sculpture because I was more interested in tactile 3d works at the time. And again, I was making a lot of things about the body. From there, I realized I really wanted to learn a craft and wanted to have a skill— a real solid craft skill set. I was looking around at what would be of interest to me, and then I became kind of obsessive about really fascinating textiles. So just in happenstance, I found a woman in Cleveland that was taking an apprentice. Her name was Marta, and she took me in very kindly, and it was very intense; it was about two years with her. Two years, for five, maybe six days a week. I learned a lot from her. She's worked with everybody, and she was wonderful.  How did you decide to switch from sculpture to hats to ready to wear? I was making headwear for a lot of different people in New York, from stylists to runway to a lot of nightlife personalities. People would constantly ask me, "Can you make a garment to go with the hats that your making?" So I thought that I probably should learn how to make clothes. I was making a lot of clothing and headwear. Then, some of the designers that I was working with for their own lines  said, "Just start your own thing."  You went on to make custom headwear for Lady Gaga, Barneys NY, Adam Selman, and Polo Ralph Lauren, to name a few. What were those experiences like? Ralph Lauren for Polo was a full-time day job, and I was doing headwear. That was a really great experience of learning the ins and outs of a brand and how a brand functions at that scale. It's especially nice to work at a brand with such a specific aesthetic. When it comes to celebrities, I work with a few different stylists and such. I largely work with Zaldy, who is a big costume designer. He used to be the designer for LAMB for Gwen Stefani. I worked with him, and it's a really great relationship because he can transfer the information and the aesthetic that they're looking for quite easily. Celebrity work can be tricky because we both come to the table with totally different aesthetics. So I try to translate their thoughts and their words through my hand, which can be kind of a tedious process. It's a lot of give and take on that, but in the end, it's fun. Speaking of costume design— have you ever considered crossing over into that category? I mean, I now understand why Christian Lacroix decided to be a costume designer. Because there's a lot more freedom in that— I don't think I would, because I don't feel that my clothes and the topics that I'm discussing in my work translate well on stage, so I probably would never become a costume designer. None of my clothes have any historical accuracy. I'm usually re-cutting a historical garment into something totally different, or I cut a jacket as a shirt, and I cut a corset as a jacket. I kind of am shifting and re-translating and re-curating things. Your silhouettes are a modern and original take on historical fashion with an emphasis on curved seams, leg of mutton sleeves, corsets, suit vests, and so on. What era's in fashion do you find most influential to you? And do you see a resurgence in antiquated-style clothing? I think the world is consistently reflexive. I think that that is relevant to me. I do see a resurgence in— at least currently, there's a lot of Victorian and Edwardian references transpiring. Especially with puffed sleeves, these are quite popular at the moment. The most recent collection was largely about Mary Shelley and her husband and the Pforzheimer collection at the New York Public Library, which focuses on 1819 to 1845. I mainly stuck to that time period as to the corsets, jackets, and shirts that I was cutting— I was referencing those styles. My work blends Renaissance, Edwardian, Victorian, and some extremely contemporary styles of cutting so that things never feel historical, and they never feel contemporary. They always feel like this very time ambiguous work, which I think is a new way of making clothes — to be very time ambiguous about the way that you're working. Overarchingly, people describe my work as being very Amish. I definitely take that as a compliment, just because I think I cut very graphic shapes, but with very tactile textiles and very hand ROT textiles- and that's kind of an Amish practice. The wonderful thing about Amish is that they look the same today as they did, and they do still.  Speaking of your SS20 collection, "The Origin of Failure," what's the meaning behind this title? It's a long, drawn-out situation. Though the collection was about the Pforzheimer collection and Mary Shelley and her husband, it also was in tandem with trying to figure out what contemporarily is a Romantics approach to making things. I was really inspired by glitch art — also, the act of being romantic about pixelated data. A lot of the prints were all glitched out. I was glitching the images with the love letters. I was typing the love letters into the code of the photos and glitching them through that by putting too much data into the back end. So the long drawn out part of it is that there's only one real piece of critical academic writing about the glitch art that's called The Aesthetics of Post-Digital Objects, I believe. It refers to a glitch as the origin of failure. I was really fascinated by that term. Also, it's terminology as linked to Mary Shelley's obsession with failure in her book and most of her literature, but especially in Frankenstein. What were some of your other points of inspiration for the collection?  I was looking at one specific love letter, which is dated August 23rd — my birthday, that Mary Shelley's husband sent to her. Then when he passed away, she rewrote it, and the rewritten version is at the library. That was the main graphic, and then I referenced for the styles that I was cutting a few original Parisian fashion magazines from the early 1800s, these little women's books. Then a diary-slash-entertainment book that a woman named Anne Wagner kept, and I created a dress using her entire book that I reprint. That dress now will be in the permanent collection of the Phorzheimer. They have bought it, and it'll be the only piece of contemporary clothing that exists in their archive, which is really wonderful. Those are the main things that I was focusing on visually.  Do you have a favorite piece from this collection? The jacquard triptych. The three-piece suit that had their love letters and embroidered into it was my favorite look. That garment is made with this new technology that I'm working on with a computer weaving company in California to be able to create jacquard garments with no wastage. That's how the Mary Shelley corset was also created. They normally create a lot of wastage to make that work.  Art plays an innate influence in your work. Do you prefer antiquity or modern art? It's a big mix in between. I don't think there's an art style that I don't like for the most part, but I'm not a big Surrealist fan. There are a few artists that I'm always thinking about, but I only look at historical art when it's when it pertains to a specific topic. I know the Smithsonian Institution in DC was an important gallery to you growing up. What's your favorite museum today? As a child, we went to that museum almost every summer in DC. There's a Vermeer room that was important to me, and the room about Alexander Calder in the Modern was significant for me as a kid. The feeling of uncanniness inspired me in his work. I recently went to the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum. That was probably the most fantastic art experience I've had because it's really beautiful to experience art of that nature and of that caliber on non-white institutional walls. What are some of your favorite art movements and painters? My favorite artist is Joseph Cornell, who created these incredible little boxes filled with objects. He dealt with melancholy, nostalgia, and love in the same way that I do. I have a soft spot for miniatures and small works of art. I am more inspired by the underpaintings of paintings than I am of the paintings themselves. The color palettes from my work are based on Versailles' underpaintings, which are black and white paintings that they do before they do the painting on top. Any of the artists in the Baroque time period did that a lot. I look at Baroque paintings and Baroque unfinished works of art quite often. I also look at Jasper Johns work a lot. Currently, there's an artist Jefferson Hayman. He's a photographer, and he does these really beautiful little photographs that are my current obsession. Your last two collections have focused on the use of muted colors. Why are you more drawn to grays and blacks, and do you plan on reintroducing color in future collections? I'm partially color blind, and managing all of those colors was very hard for me. I realized I was in a very different place at that point in time. The short answer is no; I won't be going back to color. I consider those first two collections iterations of me attempting to figure out what I wanted to make. Then the most recent collections are me telling the world what I am making and what I am planning to continue to make. Gray, black and white will always be the base, and I will softly incorporate beiges and taupes and rusts, and some kind of soft lilacs. Everything else will stay rooted in those colors. I also like that you could, in theory, take any piece from those collections and moving forward be able to put them together because colors will always match up. I think that's important for the people who look at the clothes and also wear them. How do you achieve your impeccable tailoring? What's your trial and error process like while developing silhouettes each collection? My suits are sewn by hand. They are quite meticulously sewn, and I make all of the patterns and samples.  I keep everything really structured, largely just because I'm drawn to those really aesthetic lines. It was more so a very long learning curve to have to teach myself how to sew a suit like that. I was looking at a lot of old designer suits who made stunning haute couture suits. That's where I learned how to make the ones that I make now. So what's next?  I'm launching e-commerce in the next month or so with some of our core styles and shapes. I am really focusing on the dress shirts. That's kind of everyone's favorite item from us. I'm currently in the Elaine Gold Launch Pad program, so lots of things to come through the CFDA and the EGLP. Then I am already starting the textile development process. The process is very long, and we create entirely new textiles every season, almost every textile is exclusive to the brand. I'm in the process of ideation and also agreements between what collection I'm going to be allowed to use next. There's a lot of logistical things with these collections, so I'm working on what collection I'll be using next. Clothing: Graham Tyler ‘The Origin of Failure’ Produced and Directed by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: Jack Belli Styled by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Mia Varrone Model: Inga Dezhina at Supreme Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Veronica Vilim, Luka Sabbat. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Frida Aasen, Laquan Smith, Daniela Braga, Robin Holzken. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Lion Babe. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Beau Jangless. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  LaQuan Smith. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Aamito Lagum. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA Photo by Avi Gill Last Thursday, New York designer LaQuan Smith and cherub denim brand, Jordache, celebrated its capsule collection at Cipriani's private club, Socialista. Elsa Hosk, Luka Sabbat, Danielle Herrington, and Elisa Johnson, to name a few, sported their Jordache x LaQuan Smith looks as they wined, dined, and grooved to an impromptu performance by Lion Babe. The collaboration, displayed in Smith's Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, is inspired by the NYC nightlife, offering a fresh and reinterpreted version of Jordache's playful denim silhouettes. To view the full collection debuted in LaQuan Smith SS20 click here. Photo by Avi Gill Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Kelcie Schofield is the founder and designer of the contemporary clothing label, CIE Denim. Conceived in 2018, Kelcie fills a gap in her industry by reusing and reworking pre-existing denim as well as solidifying a new and less toxic manufacturing process. Whether it’s restructured silhouettes, deadstock materials, or Naveena Mills’ cutting edge Horizon fabric, CIE represents the future of manufactured denim in our increasingly destructive global climate.  In addition to responsible garments, Kelcie melds this effort with creative design applications— each piece one of a kind. With flipped pockets on the ankle hem, an upside-down jean fit, and color-blocked seams, each design reflects a unique twist on traditional denim norms. Post Spring/ Summer 2020 presentation, Flaunt spoke with Schofield to discuss the past, present, and future of CIE Denim. Tell us about the inception of CIE. CIE was started from our two core silhouettes - our upside-down jeans and shorts. I wanted to create an item that made heads turn (literally) but could also be worn day to day. How do you aim to be a new and unique voice in the industry of denim? Every piece we come out with should have something that gives it an extra spark. We’re here to make unique investment pieces that you feel good about buying.  How do you view sustainability as an essential component of the current fashion climate? That’s exactly how I view it - an essential component. Sustainability, for me, is a non-negotiable for any new business to find success in the current climate. Since I launched CIE in 2018, there has been a noticeable change in the industry and how customers view their clothing.  What are your efforts in regards to sustainability? Explain your “slow-fashion” philosophy. I have two sustainable mediums I work with right now. The first and the essence of what built CIE is reworked vintage. Even for our knits, we reworked Hanes T-shirts. Using fully recycled materials creates an exciting challenge for each style that I enjoy working through. For the sustainably manufactured denim that we source through Naveena Mills, we do fully “new” jeans made entirely from the Naveena fabric as well as combining the new fabric with vintage materials.  How do you believe denim will evolve in years to come? I think sustainability will continue to be a driving force in the denim industry. My hope is that companies established and emerging will embrace responsible practices. It’s slowly transitioning, but it’s not quite there yet.  What’s next for CIE? More learning and growing! We plan to push the brand into unexplored territories, whether it’s new materials or new silhouettes.  Clothing: CIE Denim SS20 Photography by: Phoenix Johnson Model: Lyn Hersh Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli. Creative director Wil Beedle hosted an event in honor of AllSaints 25th anniversary.  Accompanied by musical guests such as Flaunt Fave Arsun Sorrenti, the night was a classic celebration at Chateau Marmont’s bungalow 1. Hoards of the coolest kids hung out chain smoking by the pool while a DJ set by Hateboy got the rocking crowd weirding out to some house tracks. The influence soaked crowd included Ariel Beesley, Bec Adams, Ally HilFiger, Amanda Steele, Eddie Mitsou, Gavin Turek, Finneas, Kate Parfet, Kilo Kish, Marta Pozzan, Rainsford, Salem Mitchell, Sara Cummings Zach VIlla, and a host of other Beauts. Photographed by David Vassalli. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The contemporary retail concept, Maiden Name, is the brainchild of Alix Freireich, and David Lê. While the founders met at Vassar College, they reunited to bridge a gap in the interconnected realm of e-commerce. With assistance from Jesse Hudnutt and Susan Lee, the four embark on a journey to reconnect the roots which link fashion and fine art.  Following a seasonal calendar, Maiden Name will organize its collections as an online, and interdisciplinary group show; showcasing exclusive artist collaborations alongside in-house women’s apparel. Like a chest full of curated gold, Maiden Name may hold the key to your future treasures.  In a recent conversation, Flaunt spoke with the founders to discuss the start of this forward-thinking, art formed, and eco-minded community. Tell us about the genesis of your retail concept, Maiden Name. Maiden Name really emerged out of our own sense that we didn't have a place where we loved to shop. It also came out of an acknowledgment that we spend a lot of time shopping and consuming media online, and those activities all seem to take place in the same dead, zombified e-comm context. So when we found ourselves with an opportunity to share work we love, made by people we love, alongside the apparel we make, it felt like there was an opening to use e-comm differently. We call ourselves "Maiden Name" because we want to highlight the people and stories (the "maiden names") that usually get erased when things enter the public sphere. And we wanted to keep this feminist gesture, insisting on a kind of independence, even as we credited those that came before us. Tihngs by Eric Oglander Photo by David Behl What are your thoughts on the link between fine art and fashion? We think about this a lot, in part because we need to protect the fine artists we work with, and an association with fashion can make their work seem trivial. That's just a fact, even though, by and large, we think it's bunk. We think of artist/designers like Sonia Delaunay, or photographers like Grete Stern and Ilse Bing, who all straddled the worlds of art and fashion and did great work (a full century before Sterling Ruby and Cindy Sherman!). That's why we highlight them on our Instagram @maiden.name.store. But we do recognize the need to let art and fashion excel on their own terms. We want to produce fashion that's technically perfect, that's beautiful. Our objects are freer, in some ways, to be about other things––they can be "about" history; they can be weird, or conceptual. What unifies everything is our sense of our customer's needs––they want beautiful, thoughtful, well-made clothes, and they want to collect beautiful, thoughtful, and well-made objects. What influenced the first womenswear collection? The collection draws on Alix's archival research, so it brings together 19th-century reference pieces and touches of the 1970s, modernized and rendered in high-quality materials. The Zoe Shirt, for example, is modeled on an Edwardian grandfather shirt that was still in great condition because it was made in silk. Ours is silk too, and we hope it also lasts a century. We describe the core concept as "70s Renaissance Fair," which sounds odd, but the end products are all meant to be totally wearable and versatile. We want them to be sexy and smart. And it felt like that was missing from what's out there now.   How does sustainability play a part in your collections? Sustainability is core to what we're trying to achieve. We make everything here in NYC, so it's a local supply chain. We use deadstock material, and because our production runs are so small, the wastage is minimal. More broadly, we need to slow consumption down (which is an odd thing for a fashion company to acknowledge). But we want customers to buy less and buy better. Our next step is to scale up in ways that will allow us to ensure sustainability from raw materials to end product. That's a challenge, particularly when you're small. You feature collaborative work with Paul Arnhold’s hand-blown glass and Eric Oglander’s collection of 19th and 20th-century folk art. What prompted the choice of these artists for your first collection?  Paul is a dear friend making very beautiful work here in Brooklyn. That was a no-brainer. We found Eric through his "Craigslist Mirrors" project (@craigslist_mirrors) his Instagram-based collection of images, sourced from Craigslist, of mirrors for sale. We thought that was brilliant. And his Tihngs project is too. Both Eric and Paul have such distinct points of view (and are making work that is almost diametrically opposed, formally). So they seemed like great partners to open the collection with. Indigo Vase by Paul Arnhold Photo by David Behl What are your favorite pieces from your inaugural collection? We love the Tamara Top. It almost verges into historical costume, but doesn't, and ends up being so cool. We also love the Tramp Box, which is sculptural, and modern, and old at the same time, and the Graffiti Vase, which is kind of a twisted take on Paul's other work. And we love the framed set of Leung Kui Ting prints––they look simple, but the more time you spend with them, the more you like them. That's always the real test when you collect.  How do you envision the growth of Maiden Name? I think first and foremost we want Maiden Name to build out the line beyond shirting. We also want to have more of a physical presence. It's hard to communicate something like the perfect fit, or the beauty of hand painting without having people see things in the real world. At the same time, we want to expand our digital presence and knit together a community, folding in our friends in Berlin (at the end of 2019) and then with more cities in 2020. Photography by: Matt Grubb Styling by: Gabriel Held Model: Fiffany Luu Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   While the fashion industry is backed by an insatiable appetite for the new, we find ourselves in a current climate of trying to stay well-fed, while simultaneously reminding ourselves the importance of sustainability. These three young designers have found a way to bring forth something innovative, while also holding themselves accountable. We have Bethany Williams, conceptualizing clothing with a focus on social issues, Christopher John Rogers, designing for those influencing radical change, and Emily Adams Bode, sourcing from the past to create something for the now. Interviewed by Mui-Hai Chu Photo courtesy Bethany Williams What drew to design? My love for fabric construction, and how design can be used to find solutions. I read your mom help knit and create pieces for you. Was she ever in fashion as well? She used to be a pattern cutter for factory in Liverpool,  and now she does soft furnishings and she also does my netting as well. Obviously your family is really important to you. You grew up in Liverpool?  I was born in Liverpool but then I grew up on the Isle of Man. It’s such a small tight-knit community. Loads of things are locally produced and there weren’t many main stores growing up. How do you describe your design process? It always starts with an issue I am trying to solve and then we work with a charity that tries to talk about that issue. What issues are you looking forward to promoting? I think for the next collection I’m working with a charity that makes temporary housing for women and children. Who would you say are your inspiration or muses? I love other designers like Walter Van Beirendonck I’ve been a massive fan girl for a while. Do you have any type of life inspiration outside of fashion? I do like artists like Egon Schiele. I really love his work. My inspiration is probably my family.  What do you think are the bigger challenges you face trying to be sustainable? I think sourcing is a massive one, as is pricing, and having things available. How do you decide to up-cycle a piece? How does the process come about?  It kind of depends on the project we’re doing. We will be doing the collection and there are staples that we always upcycle. I’m trying to introduce more and more. Where do you hope to see yourself in the next five years? I would like to start my own social manufacturing project in the UK. Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy  Christopher John Rogers To start at the beginning, what drew you to design?  Anime, manga, and cartoons—especially people with special powers. The ability for clothing to help people self-actualize and to give them a newfound confidence. You grew up in Louisiana. What effect, if any, did growing up in the south have on your creative evolution?   A real sense of polish and refinement is found in the South – especially in the Black Church. Spending time with my mother and grandmother in church helped me curate an eye for the finish and cut of clothing and has been an inspiration for me ever since. How would you describe your design process?  I'd describe it as visceral. Although I try to be strategic, I'm ultimately extremely influenced by my intuition, emotion, and heavily inspired by color. As a recent graduate, what is the best advice you've received from your mentors at SCAD?  Work hard and stay true to yourself. There are always people that might be more talented or more privileged than you, but hard work and humility know no bounds.  Where do you find inspiration? Everywhere! Debris on the side of the street, mid-century couture, things my friends are wearing, et You've dressed people from Cardi B to Michelle Obama. Having worked with so many influential figures, is there a lasting moment with one that stands out to you the most?  To work with a woman that's equally revered for her intellect and passion, as well as her individualistic sense of style, is definitely a highlight. My family was also extremely proud of me, so that's a plus! Where do you see the fashion industry headed in the next 5 years?  A sense of increased accountability and transparency that's come with the proliferation of social media. I think we're going to see a complete upheaval of the traditional ways of showing and interacting with fashion. Tell us about your fall collection.  Stonehenge, quinceañeras, and Dr. Seuss. What's next?  Everything! We're working on our Spring 2020 collection and are also finalists for the CFDA Vogue Fashion Fund, so we're working our tails off! Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Where are you from, and how has that made an impression on you creatively? I’m from Atlanta. My parents were from Massachusetts, so I spent a lot of time in Cape Cod. I have this juxtaposition of New England and the South. The effect Atlanta had on me was not only the southern hospitality, but a lot about celebrating craft and culture. Tell us about the moment you knew you wanted to become a designer.   In high school, I was taking extracurricular art classes, like how to draw, technical fashion. I also took a croquis drawing class, and it must’ve been junior year that I knew that I wanted to be a designer as a career choice. I went to Parsons for menswear design and I went to Eugene Lang for philosophy. In what ways does the study of philosophy and your interest in fashion design connect? I think it’s primarily the way that I come up with a narrative for the season, and what sorts of questions in culture—my culture, other people’s culture and tradition—should be asked and should be addressed. How to talk about the historical narrative around clothing, and dressing. You’re known for re-contextualizing materials in a lot of your garments, many of which are vintage textiles. How did you get into the textile portion of it? Since I was a little kid, I had been interested in buying antiques and all of the historical narratives alongside that. We would go to all of these antique markets in Atlanta, and flea markets in New England, in and around Massachusetts. Why design menswear? I went to school for it, but I’ve always been interested in designing for someone outside of myself. Tell us about your fall collection. That collection was inspired by a narrative around gallerist Todd Alden, who is an ephemera dealer in downtown New York. I worked with him and talked to him about his life, collecting, what sorts of things inspired him to collect, where he lives, history of that location, his family history, how he came to become a curator, and the moment he opened his own gallery. Where abouts do you find inspiration? Following the life of someone and their relationship to objects, the domestic space, and the traditions that have shaped their lifestyle. Do you ever see yourself getting into womenswear? Not right now. We have a bunch of stores that pick it up as women’s, but it is traditionally a menswear brand. In the future maybe we’ll have a different conversation around that. What’s next?  Right now, we’re working on production, but really building out our own manufacturing space. Most of the collections we make in New York is made in our own studio, so building that out is the next step.  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Images courtesy Bethany Williams. Images courtesy Christopher John Rogers. Images courtesy Emily Adams Bode.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. A brand that makes style, comfort, and practicability a priority while making sure to evoke confidence, Knorts recently launched a new collection called, Scarlet Knorts. Color is the main factor of enhancing the garments’ attributes. Traditionally, Knorts has used the color blue which represents calmness, coolness, stability, and reliability, which are all components of confidence and is the signature color of their denim wear.  Knorts’ new capsule collection, Scarlet Knorts, incorporates the feelings associated with the color red. This collection aims to evoke strength, warmth, comfort, love, and power into the customers’ everyday life. Befitting to their aim, these characteristics can also support the feeling of confidence. There are future plans to create more color capsules to keep both the brand and wearers in an emotional equilibrium. This launch is partially used to spread awareness about California fires with 10% of proceeds from the Scarlet Knorts collection being donated to fire aid services.  Shop the new collection here    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   As I walk in the flagship Messika store, I’m greeted with smiles, macarons and diamonds. Immediately I felt that I had entered a world of femininity and style. The pieces are beautiful and delicate, yet powerful. Messika is an iconic jewelry brand worn by celebrities like  Rhianna, Penelope Cruz, and even Serena Williams during her training session. Valerie Messika, founder of the brand, created the trend of “everyday diamonds.” Much of Valérie’s inspiration comes from art, playing with a Calder sculpture in her father's office, absorbing from his collection various details of line, movement, color, composition, which have shaped her overall sense of form and proportion. I got the opportunity to chat with Valarie and try on some of the most gorgeous pieces of jewelry I’ve ever seen.  Why did you choose LA for your flagship store?  We are a family business so we are very intuitive and organic on how we do our business. We met a partner here in Los Angeles called Westime. They are very strong in the jewelry and watch industry. They work with Richard Mille and Audemars Piguet. They are also strong with red carpets in Hollywood so we decided it would be a good idea to open our first flagship store here. What do you hope the new store will bring to the brand?  I’m so excited because I can smell that the Americans in this area love jewelry. But they want something easy to wear, cool and light. This is the Messika philosophy; bringing a coolness to wearing jewelry that is very fine and delicate.  The workmanship and quality of the diamond is the top, but it’s cool. You can enjoy it and wear it everyday or on a big occasion. You can mix it with a casual or sophisticated style.  What was it like having Kate Moss as a muse? The moment I launched my brand 15 years ago I knew she was my muse and inspiration. She's really iconic for me. She embodies femininity, fashion and style. When I launched my brand and the philosophy I wanted to break the traditional code of jewelry. It was made for big occasions, but I wanted to make it apart of fashion and style. That’s why women like Kate Moss are so strong for me.   How would you explain the woman in the street wearing Messika?  The strength of Messika is that the women wearing it range from 18 to 70 years old. I love when I see different types of women wearing it with different styles. It’s not that we are putting a logo on the woman. We can see the personality and the style they embody with the pieces. It’s not about how rich or strong you are. It’s about the feeling and attitude that you have with your own style. It gives you self-confidence.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On Wednesday we celebrated Benetton’s new pop up shop in Santa Monica with prosecco and polaroids. Benetton Group is one of the best-known fashion companies in the world with a network of about 5,000 stores and a headquarters in Ponzano Veneto. The brand is known for its bright colors, the revolution of the retail outlet, and their unique sales network.  The new collections embody both the old and the new, featuring an exciting fusion of its classic colorful style with its newer streetwear-inspired elements. The artistic direction of Jean-Charles de Castelbajac, who is known for his iconic teddy bear coat worn by Madonna and portraits of Andy Warhol, shines through the recent collections. He recently united with the Benetton Group earlier this year, which was announced at Milan Fashion Week. He announced backstage that “The DNA of Benetton and mine have many similarities…this meeting between us is happening at the right moment, too, because this idea that desirable things can be of good quality and be affordable to many people is very interesting now…Benetton has been sleeping a little bit. But it has all this sleeping potential. And its base is very strong.”  Bring some color into your life and visit the pop up open from October 25 through November 24th!  Santa Monica Place Floor 1  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Courtesy Hublot With Halloween around the corner, Hublot stirred the cauldron to create a sapphire and emerald green Big Bang MP-11 watch. To give it its unique shade of green (not quite emerald and not quite sapphire), they used a material that has never been used in a watchcase. The material is called SAXEM, which is short for sapphire aluminum oxide and rare earth material. It is a mixture of aluminum oxide (the basic component of sapphire) with rare-earth elements like thulium and holmium.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   KAIMIN is the raising utopian brand initiating the posterity of attire. With a foundation of innovation and inclusivity, the namesake designer may well be sent from the future— sent back a couple of hundred years to propel the industry forward. Harnessing the power of the digital space, and the resourcefulness of sustainability, KAIMIN crafts intergalactic garments with a cunning dose of raunchiness. In a recent interview, Flaunt spoke with the avant-garde designer to discuss the evolution of the label, cyberspace, and the forecast of tech-induced fashion.  Tell us about the creation of the brand with your business partner Dmitri Pchelintsev. My initial foray into clothing design came in 2014 with the Zero Zero Vol. 02 project – a multi-sensory, high-tech video popup exhibition with an installation by Snarkitecture, which I was the protagonist of and also directed alongside stylist Nicola Formichetti and photographer Miles Aldridge. We had the honor of presenting the Vol. 02 book at my beloved Paris store, Colette. As part of that project, I created a stand-alone clothing capsule for the female character, and a very prominent singer ended up wearing some of my pieces in her music video. I felt compelled to create a full collection, and my very good friend Dmitri, who helped produce that very pivotal Zero Zero project, really believed in me as a designer, so we formed the KAIMIN label together in 2016. Dmitri is a creative marketer and business operator who happens to have a very strong background in finance, having spent many years at some of Wall Street's premier institutions investing in renewables, green-tech, and sustainability. Having helped grow several tech-enabled startups, he now oversees all of KAIMIN's business strategy and operations, while leading our expansion as a digitally-native brand, including the recent launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line.  How have innovation and inclusivity played essential roles in the brand? Innovation and inclusivity go hand-in-hand for me, as tolerance for new and crossover ideas breeds progress. KAIMIN leans heavily on technology in everything we do, and aesthetically we work with all types of creatives, communities, and personalities because anyone can uncover something new and beautiful, irrespective of age, race, and gender.  Besides using innovative materials, production techniques, and data analytics, the brand benefits from social media's global reach and the unprecedented direct access to talent that it affords. The Internet is a boundless creative nursery of young innovators that come from all different realms, including art, fashion, music – we love and fully utilize this cross-functionality. I grew up an outlier in a homogeneous society, so I feel my clothes have to speak to things beyond style and promote ideals that are important to me, including social and economic inclusivity, as I feel everyone deserves a voice. In addition to connecting through unrestrained creativity, I try to make items that are more accessible, including from an economic standpoint, and which still adhere to my design and high-quality philosophy – we launched SLFF KAIMIN exactly for this. What facets of New York's underground scene make appearances in your garments? The New York underground scene has this alluring aura of the forbidden, with sexier and darker undertones and the sense of a risque adventure that is addicting. During our SS20 show, for instance, we contrasted the primarily bright and colorful collection with a very dark and sexy setting, aiming for the set design to evoke a feeling of an underground party with red backlighting and a minimal, heavy electronic soundtrack. NYC subculture is edgy, extremely diverse, and creative and demonstrates some of the greatest social acceptance anywhere in the world, which really allows me to meld it with high fashion in a fun way. I love working with established as well as cool new, up-and-coming artists and personalities that grew up in this environment— I draw a lot of inspiration here for my design, music, lifestyle, and the overall direction for KAIMIN. The digital world is a key influence to the brand, hence your Fall/ Winter 2019 collection, "2081: CYBER-ORDINARY". What were your main inspirations and references for that season? Our Fall/ Winter 2019 collection explored archetypes of future beauty and was heavily influenced by such films as Blade Runner and Ex-Machina, specifically their protagonists – androids and cyborgs. I'm a total believer in the eventual symbiosis of man and machine.  In large part, that collection was about defeating the mundane and exploring and strengthening that which sets one apart, no matter the era. If today's fever pitch around privacy, sexual correctness, censorship, etc. ever leads to a dystopian control of self-expression, I'd want my clothes to declare: "when the extraordinary is outlawed, only the outlaws will be extraordinary." What's your view on cyberspace and it's distraction from the real world? I think we're in uncharted waters, and we won't be able to properly assess how good or bad this "distraction" from the real world is for a while, if ever. The cyber is already the real. There are definitely multiple ways to look at this, and it's certainly also a generational thing— just look at the debate around "screen time" for kids among young parents and scientists and the interesting arguments presented by media proponents, including Gary Vaynerchuk. All I know is that this is the manifestation of human progress, and there's no way back regardless, but to me, the benefits outweigh the potential hazards. We are now superbly equipped for improved communication and increased input – although, where the quality of consumed content, general overexposure, and the "3-second" wars are going is a different question.  For KAIMIN, Elon Musk's Neuralink can't arrive fast enough! What were your conceptions involving the recent Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, "INTROSPECTIVE PRISM"? This season, our main collection shared the runway with the launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line, which celebrates self-confidence and self-expression. The overall creative direction was influenced by the sub-conscience theories of Sigmund Freud and films like Annihilation, aiming to expose inner fears to release suppressed identity and desires— literal empowerment through self-discovery.  The collection explores two distinct notions for evolution of human form – through technology and through biological mutation. From the outside, the driver is mechanical – artificial furthering of self via machine. From the inside, the driver is bio-spiritual-- the natural furthering of self via selective mutation of flesh and mind— a physical metamorphosis through the unrestrained self. This season's motto is: "Introspective Prism – Refract all versions of self, Mutate desire and identity, Evolve in spirit and form." With our current climate reality, how do you plan to focus the brand on a more sustainable level? Being on the cutting edge is important to us to both achieve a futuristic design and to help push progress, validating applications of new technologies. We always keep an eye on the new tech that has shown promise in helping to lower the environmental impact of manufacturing, and we try to do our part by using many recycled, sustainable, and organic materials, including Better Cotton Initiative fabrics in our SLFF KAIMIN denim line. As we grow, we will continue to place greater emphasis on better production practices, safer materials, and less waste. Explain some of the laser cutting, production techniques, and 3-D print experiments that are implemented throughout your garment construction process. KAIMIN utilizes quite a bit of technology for manufacturing, content production, and branding, including 3D printing, laser cutting, digital art, AR/VR, motion tracking, etc. and we always seek to emphasize our future-forward thinking in our designs. For garment construction, we use some techniques because they create unexpected and groundbreaking visual results, while other methods actually make sense from a time and capital-intensity perspective.  We're pushing the brand's tech boundaries with the "Stratasys x KAIMIN" 3D-Print Denim Capsule Collection— the first time ever an industrial-quality 3D geometry is printed directly onto denim. We designed the intricate CGI geometry, multi-depth opacity, and colormap in collaboration with Fitchwork to make the final print. Stratasys are pioneers in the additive manufacturing space and have some of the most advanced 3D printing technology in the industry, accompanied by an inherent desire to experiment and come up with something new and cool. They wish to make everyday life better by bringing 3D printing technology to a greater part of the world faster and disrupting the fashion realm is quite big on the radar of Stratasys global creative director, Naomi Kaempfer— so what better way to help assimilate and democratize the tech for clothing than with one of the most common garments, jeans! How do you envision the future of fashion norms? I'd like to think that the future will bring abundance and innovation not just in the material sense but also in our culture and thinking, where humans will finally reach total equilibrium with nature, and each other— no prejudices— and KAIMIN clothing is but one way to represent this future. Like everything else in our society, fashion will continue to be transformed by technology, faster and more accessible information transfer, and diverse global audiences. This, of course, means a lot will change in fashion's tangible areas, like materials with never-before-imagined physical properties, more efficient production techniques, the continued proliferation of smart garments, and increased expectations of what clothing should do for the body and mind. But, to me, the most interesting changes are already occurring on the more intangible, creative side. People's unprecedented ability to communicate who they are has opened up new frontiers. In only a few years, social media exposed how varied yet similar and interconnected different cultures' tastes are, and how people of all walks of life can become influential by traversing these different planes. Being skilled in multiple areas has become the norm for many young creatives today, and this 'polymathism' affects fashion a lot. There are so many cross-functional innovators out there, and fashion definitely benefits from this, becoming more interesting and multifaceted.  What's next for KAIMIN? KAIMIN's mission is to keep innovating ourselves and keep collaborating with people that push the boundaries across the various artistic disciplines and product segments. We want to be more cross-functional and would love to do more than just fashion, even if it's in a more non-permanent format like seasonal collaborations. I wish to meet and inspire more people and to learn from them so we can all come up with a never-before-seen symbiosis of unlikely fields that not only is cool but also could change lives for the better and bring signature KAIMIN flavor to people in more than one way. With that said, I hope to continue building our artistic community and form a creative confluence platform – a culture nebula for local and global artists – to support innovation. To that end, we have already established an endowment fund some time ago, via our Zero Zero Project initiative, which periodically disperses funds to help finance targeted projects. And in that same vein, KAIMIN presented the SS20 show in collaboration with Studio 525, an iconic exhibition & event space housed in the former Andrea Rosen Art Gallery in Chelsea, as the inaugural project for Studio 525 Art Accelerator, which has a very similar vision to ours and aims to provide a physical place for work and showcases to artists and the creative community in general. Produced by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: : Franco Velastiqui Art Direction by: Delfina Pia Rey Styling by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Kevin Cheah Model: Cassie Priestley at Next Models. Styling assistance by: Sabrina Aguirre and Mila Sanguinetti  Credits: FW19 KAIMIN clothing, and GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI heels. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. MAX MARA dress, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. VERSACE dress, earrings, and rings and AGENT PROVOCATEUR underwear. ETRO dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, B-LOW THE BELT belt, and NANCY NEWBERG earrings. HALPERN dress, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring, and ERINESS ring. MAX MARA sweater and dress, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. PREEN BY THORNTON BREGAZZI dress, B-LOW THE BELT belt and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings. ALESSANDRA RICH dress and necklace and MIU MIU earrings all available at MatchesFashion.com, and NANCY NEWBERG rings. AGENT PROVOCATEUR slip dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace and ring, ALINA ABEGG earrings, and STATE PROPERTY pearl ring. ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER dress and scarf, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings and ring. PALOMO SPAIN jacket available at Please Do Not Enter, LA, ALINA ABEGG ring, and MISHO earring. Photographer: Vince M. Aung.  Model: Inga Dezhina. Stylist: Mui-Hai Chu.  Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co. & Oribe Hair Care at Nest Artists.  Makeup: Natasha Severino using NARS Cosmetics at Forward Artists.  Production, Photo, and Styling Assistant: Corrine Ciani Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Being Sustainably responsible in 2019 now means making some changes with how designers are choosing their resources. The female founders behind 42|54 and long time friends Elodie Ouedraogo and Olivia Borlee are both Belgian Gold metal athletes, and now business partners who strongly believe in that type of fashionably responsible involvement. It took them two a clean 42.54 seconds to win a Silver Medal at the Olympic Games in Beijing 2008. That Silver medal turned into Gold, when the winning team was disqualified due to a failed drug test. It was abundantly clear that dirty athletes have no place in sports. That’s when the Gold medalists decided they wanted to make a change. “Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes!” The contemporary active label launched its first 100% sustainable FW19 capsule collection  made of plastic bottles and recycled ocean waste. They believe that great design should also be sustainable. The brand teamed up with renowned textile companies who propose fabrics made from a fiber called SEAQUAL and NEWLIFE recycled from ocean plastics to create the new high-end "made from waste" active wear line that asserts the modern streetwear appeal.  The founders make a conscious effort to be an honest and transparent brand, by largely working with local manufacturers and suppliers.  Elodie and Olivia’s next steps will also be 100% sustainable using organic yarns working with GOTS (Global Organic Textile Standards) certified factories, hang tags produced with recycled paper along with recycled fabrics developed with fibers using the oceans waste and plastic bottles. They both are devoted to giving a second life to stock and leftover fabrics from previous productions along with biodegradable packaging. The The fashion-forward duo provide advanced functionality while calling themselves a "100% sustainable company in the way we work, produce, and live." Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. What was your biggest fear about starting your own line? We believe there are a lot of similarities between the world of sports and fashion. It is about being fearless,  following the process put in place while listening to your gut feeling at the same time to achieve the absolute best. It is about taking a leap of faith in yourself, your partner and your idea. For us creating an activewear collection that was high-end, transcendent  and made in honest and transparent conditions Felt like a void that needed to be filled within our community. There was a clear vision, which was bring some fun and fashion back into the world of sports without ignoring the functional and technical side of the garments. When we decided to launch 42|54, a reference to our winning time during the 2008 Olympics, we didn't really think about it as we both love a great challenge. We just jumped, head first.  There was a lack of experience. (We had both been guest designers for other brands, but came quickly to the realization that this doesn't even come close to owning and managing a brand.)  With that lack of real experience sometimes came also the fear of not being taken seriously. In the beginning we went probably over prepared into ever meeting we had. Not only out of respect for the person sitting in front of us, but also because we wanted to show that we were serious about entrepreneurship.  That we understood that there are no shortcuts to success Initially we also didn't communicate a lot about our backstory either. We didn't want to be perceived as two women who were the faces of the brand, while having an entire team waiting in the back to do the real and hard work. From the beginning we sourced every fabric, button, zipper, label or elastic band you'll find in our collection. Through (sometimes) expensive mistakes and failure we learned a lot. And today we are an authentic brand and a viable business because of it. Aside from the activewear, what other sustainable efforts are being practiced within your company? 42|54 has always been mindful of how and where we produce. After having represented our country in the best way possible in sports it only seemed logical to carry out the strong identity and values that Belgium has created with 'The Antwerp Six' in the world of fashion. We worked a lot with local suppliers. This put our brand already at a 50% of sustainability, solely based on the business decisions we made from the very beginning. Last year we were able to evolve in our sustainable journey by replacing already locally created fabrics by sustainable ones. We also adapted our online service by working with Repack. Repack is a company that offers reusable bags. For every bag clients return to us after their purchase, they receive a small discount. We on the other hand can recover the packaging for a new customer. Additionally we switched to biodegradable labels, we don't use plastic bottles in the office and work with a cleaning company that only uses natural and biological cleaning products. All the employees who live in Brussels, where we are based, walk or take their bike to work.  What was the moment or person that inspired you to produce your own line? We have always looked up to and been inspired by strong female athletes and more so in the 80's and 90's. These were absolute fun times where athletes didn't only stand out with their extraordinary performances, but also by the way the dressed on the field. Women like Florence Griffith and Jackie Joyner-Kersee wore leotards, belted bodysuits, one-legged  and lace leggings. They highlighted their personalities with exciting, daring activewear.  But of course we don't have to look too far. We are surrounded by strong women. Our mothers, sisters, friends and colleagues. 42I54 is built by women, who work very hard every day to create the best possible collection for women. Our sustainable mission on the other hand comes from a very personal experience.  We initially won a silver medal during the Olympic Games in 2008. Eight years later that silver eventually turned into gold when that winning team was disqualified due to substance abuse discovered during a large series of retesting.  This had a major impact on the on athletes worldwide. And while many of us became strong advocates for clean, drug free sports we are less outspoken when it comes to clothes we wear while performing. We felt this too has to change.  Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes.  Sportswear made in honest conditions and without the environmental strain it has today. We can no longer only applaud recognition and financial gain while wearing our low cost shirts. Because someone, somewhere is suffering because of it. Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Just for fun, what are your zodiac signs? Aries and Pisces What are you wanting to accomplish in 2020 with 42|54? It has always been our goal to become the brand that serves as today’s personal survival-kit and Wonder Woman cape all wrapped into one fashion-forward label for all women. 42|54 is for the young women we help through our 'Athlete Ambassador Program'. By supporting them with well made performance gear, we support their dreams of one day becoming professional athletes. Often big brands want to see results first and will later support in anyway possible. We believe talent need’s to be nurtured when  personal budgets are insignificant or non-existent. Today we are proud to announce that 3 women from our ambassadors program will participate in next year’s Olympic and Paralympic Games. We are most definitely also the go-to brand for women who like to have something that is different. Today many women try and balance a career, family and personal time. Finding an outfit that accommodates that lifestyle can be quite the search. The idea to have a legging that has the advanced functionality you'd expect from activewear, yet the high-end look and feel that makes it chic enough to wear outside the gym is very appealing to a lot of women. A winning combination we can offer to our women as we can pull from our own experience and expertise. On top of the need to be unique or different, women want to be informed on what they are putting both in and on their bodies today. Furthermore we would like to continue to develop our sustainable journey and dress as many great women in the US as we possibly can.  We had the opportunity to visit LA recently and it is inspiring to see how a city has succeeded into merging sports into the everyday life. It embodies the definition of an 'active lifestyle'. What were your childhood ambitions? Elodie: I always wanted to be a hairdresser or own my own cafe. That was until I realized that being a bar owner entails more than just serving great coffee. Olivia: I wanted to be a florist. I think I have always been inspired by beauty and making beautiful things. In what place are you the happiest? Most productive? The school of Sports is a great one to graduate from. Being professional athletes has taught us many life lessons. It teaches you to be independent,  winning, losing and how to persevere. Through our careers as professional athletes we have had the privilege of seeing a part of the world and experiencing different cultures and people. We are very appreciative that to this day we get to travel for work from time to time and see our designs come to life in our factory. Funnily enough, the traveling in the past also taught us the importance of home. And how it remains the happiest place for us. It is also where we get most creative. Before we were able to rent our own office space we used to work out of the kitchen. Today we still come up with the best ideas when we are surrounded by the feeling of familiarity. So thank God for WhatsApp these days. How do you live a sustainable life outside of the company? It is important to stress that we are by no means green warriors or examples of how to live a sustainable life. But we 100% get the message and understand the urge to react today. We all have different battles to fight in life but we are convinced that with little effort we can already make  a big difference. A few changes that we have made:  -no to fast fashion; buying less clothes and smarter -no more plastic bottles and additionally be more mindful of the use of plastic in general -buying fresh and seasonal fruit and vegetables instead of pre-packed food,  -reusing the same bag instead of buying a new one for groceries,  -sort trash -the use of natural cosmetics -leave our cars in the garage if not needed  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Published for the first time and celebrating 50 years since the works were created, ‘DESIRE’ by Lloyd Ziff documents New York City in the late 1960s. Ziff’s work captures a New York teeming with fantasy and rebellion. The book tells a story of cultural resistance through Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe.  ‘DESIRE’ was the first photo shoot that Patti and Robert had together. The two of them were photographed in their Hall Street Space in Brooklyn in 1968 and in Ziff’s small apartment in the heart of Greenwich Village in 1969. The book features 65 previously unpublished works including street photographs, original contact sheets, and notes that form the history around 1960s New York and the lives of these two iconic figures. The intimacy between the two paints a picture of the city at this time, pushing their icon status aside to view the city with a more personal lens. 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff “I myself never felt comfortable doing anything with the pictures. Then in 2009 Patti phoned and asked me for permission to publish two of the Hall Street portraits in JUST KIDS, the first portraits of them together she noted. 41 years had passed. . . Robert and Patti had become legendary. Robert and I had remained friends until he died in 1989, and I had enjoyed commissioning and publishing photographs of his when I was the Design Director of House & Garden, Vanity Fair, and Condé Nast Traveler in the ’80s. Now it’s been 50+ years since I happened to see Robert and Patti crossing the street near their place in Brooklyn. The photographs we shot then are, as are all photographs, documents of a particular moment in time. They have also become documents of a time when two of America’s most important artists were very young, very beautiful, and very ambitious. It amazes me to share those moments from so long ago today.” – Lloyd Ziff, 2019 100 “Strictly Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff, with a “Limited Edition” signed and numbered C-Type print. 500 “Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff. Available now Photos courtesy of Lloyd Ziff and Avenue Communications  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker. HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  FALGUNI SHANE PEACOCK bodysuit, HARDEMAN chaps, BUSTED BRAND gloves, PLANET I sunglasses, and MELODY EHSANI earrings and DALMATA choker. It’s been just over a year since Doja Cat’s “Mooo!” swept the screens of millions across the globe. And unless you’ve been living under a rock, the American singer, rapper and producer begs no further introduction. With that said, in case you have in fact been dwelling beneath stone, then you should know that the future of music is Doja’s for the taking. With her 2018 claim-to-fame music video sitting atop 50M views on YouTube, and her most recent visual release for “Juicy,” featuring Tyga, breaking 20M in two weeks, the musician’s growth is unshakeable, having cemented her place through sweet sonics and visuals that pack a punch. As she so bluntly claims over the phone from her apartment in Los Angeles, “It’s only the beginning. I feel like I really know who I am and what I’m doing with my next project.” The bovine-style music video released last August would eventually flourish into a viral meme. “I didn’t mean for ‘Mooo!’ to get as big as it did,” she admits. “I had more serious music to put out, I’d been working on so much other stuff, but once I put the cow costume on, I had to do it. It was the only way I could get it out of my head,” she explains. Within days of the abrupt upload to YouTube, the video had racked millions of views. The dairy dreamscape was by no means Doja’s introduction to the music industry. In fact, she had been signed to RCA Records since 2014, after the successful release of her debut single, “So High.” From there, she followed up with several tracks, including “Go To Town,” off of her debut studio album in 2018. “Before ‘Mooo!,’ we hadn’t really gotten any viral hits, or had any hits, period. We were doing okay, but things weren’t at their fullest potential. That was the most significant part about ‘Mooo!’ going where it did—it allowed all my other work to have a foundation and have a pull.” Taking a moment to consider the past whirlwind year, she reasons, “Since ‘Mooo!’ blew up, it’s been kind of non-stop. I don’t know if it’s really allowed me to reflect, but I feel like I’ve refined my style and refined who I am. I kind of have to have the spotlight on me.” MATT SARAFA coat and GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses. MATT SARAFA coat, ABODI bodysuit and boots, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and NOÄ earrings. The spotlight she speaks of shines focused and fixed, with no intention of moving elsewhere, but as a consistent subject of such recognition, Doja Cat has experienced two sides to the coin that is internet fame. Since its inception, the Internet has proven an untamable beast, and the environment it has bred has developed twice as feral. Through public domains like Tumblr to TikTok, and YouTube to Twitter, a vast stretch of subcultures and trends have been cultivated. On opposite poles of this digital sphere, there stands viral fame and cancel culture. It’s no secret that the musician has faced multiple controversies regarding comments she’s made online, and it’s even less of a secret that the public is quick to mobilize on social media. After old tweets resurfaced of the artist using derogatory terms towards other rappers, a rallied audience of critics made it its mission to take her down. Admittedly hurt by some of the criticisms, she reasons, “I’m not invincible, I do get hurt by some comments. I’m not superhuman.” Immediately requiting, she follows up with, “But being raised on the Internet gives me the ability to know how to deal with negativity most of the time.” Then, at once in a final stride, she claims of her presence online, “It’s just a small portion of my life.” And just like that, if we’ve learned anything in 2019, it’s that you can’t cancel Doja Cat. HARDEMAN top, thong, and hat, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and DALMATA necklace. Fresh off the release of a new music video with LunchMoney Lewis for “Make That Cake,” while still riding the success of “Juicy,” she’s traveling cross country for performances and appearances on a weekly basis. In the age of virality, such sustainability is impressive. That said, she’s in no way the first artist to have a viral hit catapult their work to an unfamiliar stratosphere of celebrity, and certainly not the last. We’ve seen fellow musical phenoms like Mason Ramsey and Megan Thee Stallion reap the benefits of a trending tweet and hashtag or two. Could it just be that we’re experiencing the dawning of a new age in music? An educated guess would reason, yes. With democratized media-sharing platforms like Spotify and SoundCloud, there’s been an inevitable boom in bedroom pop-stardom. Not only that, but with the increasing irrelevance of labels across younger generations, classification proves less important in not only topics of gender, but music, too. Lines blur across styles nowadays, with artists coloring the outsides more than ever. In attempts to maintain order through categorical standards, we see the term “Alternative” tacked onto the classic genres we’ve come to know. I LOVE PRETTY skirt. I LOVE PRETTY skirt and BUFFALO LONDON shoes. Prompted to describe her forthcoming record, Hot Pink, in three words, she replies with little to no hesitation: “Too. Many. Genres.” Declining a subscription to any one breed of song, the response points to her exploration of sound, a progression of her euphony, and the future of music. “My last record is a lot different from this one because I didn’t understand what it was to be in the studio and in an environment where there’s a bunch of musical equipment,” Doja shares, candidly. “I was young, I was a teenager and I really didn’t know who I was. My character wasn’t really shining the way it does now. I can tell you Hot Pink is one of the best things I’ve done, the best project I will have ever released.” Then, implored to divulge more about the release in detail, she retracts to the previously implemented three-word limit: “Super, duper, mystery.” So while Doja—who won the world over with an onomatopoeia in 2018—makes a favorable case for the future of music today, her own music remains as ambiguous as it does full of promise. Photographed by: Julian Buchan.  Styled by: Katie Qian.  Hair: Frankie Payne using Oribe at Opus Beauty.  Makeup: Jadyn Ngo using Surratt Beauty and Artisbrush.com at The Visionaries. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj Photos by Steven Klein Think metallic, high-end glamour with a neon pink accent. Think barbie doll in outer-space. This iconic FENDI and Nicki Minaj collaboration is the perfect combination of bold yet sophisticated.  Teaming up with Silvia Venturini Fendi, the duo created the next chapter of the FF Series with a line for women’s, men’s and kids: FENDI Prints On. Nicki is known for her body-hugging clothing and most of the line is just that, but she beautifully contrasts it with leisurewear and classy pieces. With the FF logo covering the majority of the print, this line is nothing but eye-catching.  They took staple pieces that everyone needs in their wardrobe and added their own flare to it such as:  tulle dresses, reversible puffer coats, asymmetric body-con dresses, raincoats with leather sleeves, silver tracksuits, bomber jackets with knitted sleeves and metallic windbreakers.  This collection would not be complete without some daring accessories, and that is exactly what they have provided us. They have everything from sequined bags and fanny packs to customized snow boots and wedge trainers. These accessories will take any outfit to the next level.  They went above and beyond and created a collection that embodied Nicki’s personality along with high-end fashion and street style.  The FENDI Prints On capsule collection will be sold in 52 FENDI boutiques worldwide and on fendi.com from October 14th.  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj   Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj                    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   69 shirt, JEAN PAUL KNOTT pants available at Please Do Not Enter, and NIKE shoes.   Brooklyn born and LA based producer and artist, Kingdom, is bringing back is clubby and unique dance music to the industry. With two new EPs, the first one called “EXTERRA, Vol. 1,” on the way and an album coming in 2020, he is back in the realm of dance music, but keeping true to his innovative style.  All the way from the east coast, Kingdom was booked to perform in LA in the early 2000s, which gave him a foot in the door to the west coast’s music scene. From here, he has continued to expand his musical capacity and does not abide by genres or any type of limitation; with experimental taste and a desire to create, he strives to generate music that he loves and that the audience can appreciate/value.  He was kind enough to join me for a phone interview in which I asked many questions, hoping to find out more about him as a person and his career.  I know that Nacho Nava kind of helped bring you to LA, how did he influence you? I was DJing a lot in New York, but he was the first person to put me on a flight and bring me to the west coast to DJ. I think that the influence he really has is that he was putting people on like me who didn’t have any other shows or have a lot of hype or a lot of press or anything like that. He really just believed in the new talent and was always just so generous with that regardless of how well the show did or anything like that. It was really just like he was excited to put people on and it never seemed like it was something he was doing for his own to serve his own interest. It really was something he was doing for the community in LA. Specifically, influential in creating a really special scene on the eastside of LA. I think most people will associate like the gay scene with the west side, West Hollywood scene, which is so specific and there really wasn’t much going on on the eastside maybe a couple bars, but he was the first to create a really vibrant night life scene that involved art and dance and all different kinds of Djs of all different races, but also it wasn’t just a community vibe, it was also like he was bringing really really good music and reall really amazing performers, so it also drew in just from straight people music fans who knew that Mustache would have more edgy stuff, so it wasn’t just creating an alternative it was also just about quality. He had such a good eye for innovative stuff.  FENG CHEN WANG jacket available at Please Do Not Enter and ALLIGATOR JESUS bracelet. What was it like working with Nacho Nava cause I know you guys were working on a Netflix show together. Working with him was always a pleasure. He was always just so sweet so generous and he was just a great figure and really supportive of my label and my parties too. He would always, without me even asking, support a face of mine or event that I was doing that had nothing to do with Mustache. He was always so sweet. More recently, that’s actually kind of why the music video is dedicated to Nacho because basically I met the video director through Nacho. Nacho put us together in a conference call and basically we started talking and they had planned to bring some type of documentary for Netflix about kind of the more alternative more POC side of LA nightlife, specifically gay nightlife and queer nightlife. It was really just in the early stages of talk. We really didn’t get it off the ground, but Shahana, the director, was gonna obviously be on the director’s side and working on the shots and the camera stuff and all that. They wanted me to come in and add music to it, but essentially throw in some different raves and help bring in music so that we could create some events to film because there’s not, sadly there’s not a lot of footage of a lot of the old Mustache parties. They’re relatively undocumented, so that was the idea, but I think when he passed Shahana felt like it didnt’t make sense to pursue it still. It really was Nacho’s project. It was really just a conversation, but even just that concept was inspirational and meeting the director is kind of what spawned us to create the music video together in honor of him.  It seems like Nacho has been really influential to kind of your start here in LA and the music scene, but has he influenced your work at all kind of like maybe the beats you decide to use or the music has he influenced any of it? Since he’s not a musician or DJ himself I wouldn’t say it’s a direct influence on the actual sound. I’d say he’s more of an influence when it comes to throwing parties and bringing people together in the community and just showing people kindness and more of the things I spoke about a moment ago. Just about the social element of music more than the sound exactly, but I know the sound he likes and I think he had an appreciation for the sounds I work with.  MEALS shirt and pants. How does it feel to be in the genre again? It feels really good. I feel like with my last album Tears in the Club I was in a very kind of like atmospheric moody RnB space and ever since that album came out I’ve been doing more vocal production, working with singers, and I worked really hard launching the new singer that signed to Fade to Mind called Semma, so I’ve been really in that zone of creating something for vocalists and when I’m doing that I sometimes put aside exactly the Kingdom sound and I’m trying to create a universe for the singer that gives them a unique identity. It’s just a totally different assignment. It’s a different thing and it’s a different lifestyle too. It’s a lot of hours spent helping singers songwrite and it definitely tested my patience a lot of the time because I’ve spent quite a bit of time with several vocalists making demos for their projects and singers make hundreds of demos to test their project. A lot of time your beat doesn’t get picked or they go in a different direction or sometimes the vocalist is just caught up in other stuff and they don’t even release something. I might have been so in that world, so it was really refreshing to just kind of stop accepting bookings to do vocal sessions and I think it was kind of a reaction to doing all those vocal sessions that made me really want to just get back into my more ravey, clubby, housey references and it’s kind of also where I started. My first release ever, “Mind Reader,” was very kind of hard, weird, dance stuff, so I’m kind of going back and starting from scratch and starting from the beginning again and it just feels really good. I’m just excited to put stuff that’s more high energy and I’m DJing a lot right now, so it’s exciting to just play things that I can blend and just be kind of weird again cause I think working with vocalists it’s a lot more compromises, a lot more catering to them.  Do you have any inspirations for creating music, like are there any other artists that you look towards to or does everything just come from within? There’s definitely artists I look up to. Sometimes I freeze with the question because there’s so many that I have. I would have to say Rod Lee, Terror Danjah, and Darkchild. YOSHIO KUBO jacket and stylist’s own glasses. Would you ever mix different genres together like if you did RnB and dance music? Or is that something that you’ve already ventured into before?   Even though I do make some fully RnB sounding stuff, I kind of think that’s really what I’m known for even though the new stuff is pretty clubby, but I think you can still hear these little shreds of like the vocal stuff, the vocal samples. I think that RnB element is always there. That’s pretty much my mission, either I’m weaving back and forth or I’m weaving them together just kind of RnB sound with the club sound. For the next volume, I’m making another volume of the EXTERRA series and that one’s either gonna have more of the vocal stuff in it and I’m also working on my next album. I’ve got a lot of homework right now. I’m bringing in more vocal stuff as it progresses from my EP to my next album.  In regards to the vocal production, is there anything you look for in an artist when you want them to be on one of your songs? I love weird vocal textures. I just love when someone has a baby voice or has a strange croaky texture or has certain types of node that they like to hit. Just something that sets it apart because there’s so many people that sound so similar. And someone who’s not afraid of intense rhythm cause I think a lot of singers come from the studio wanting a really simple beat or something that sounds like their favorite, you know, Ella Mai song or like H.E.R. song or maybe a Corella song they heard or something, so I think someone who is down to get experimental and doesn’t mind sampling their voice. I’m especially also just addicted to high voices. I love falsetto. I’m known for working with women, which is my favorite working with female vocals. If I’m working with a guy he definitely has to be able to channel his feminine side. I don’t really like to work with men who wanna sing about the macho shit on the mic like I’m way more into men who are singing. you know explore both sides  MEALS jacket and pants. Do you have a certain process of producing or like how do you kind of create your songs? I’ve always been a drummer, so I feel like when I’m on my own making beats I always start with drums and just playing with different drum sounds and I finally, after years of not doing it, started to create my own drum kits and drum packs, so I have my own custom samples that I’m playing around with. When it comes to singers usually they’ll just freestyle over an existing beat. With Sema, the artist I recently signed to my label, she was one of the first people that I really just improvised with and sometimes she would just come in and she would start singing something first, so that’s a totally different process like kind of working in reverse and working from what her voice is doing.  Do you have any stories of the first time you met MikeQ or Ms. Boogie? This new EP I just put out, EXTERRA, Vol. 1, is kind of a throwback to the beginning of my career in many ways. One of them being that I’m returning to dance music and making just like much clubbier, harder material than I’ve made in a long time, but it also actually has two collaborations with artists that I’ve known for I think over a decade. Me and MikeQ and Shane Oliver from Hood by Air were the three Djs who got booked to DJ this artist named Reshaw Newsom. He had a party for one of his art openings. I had actually been a fan of Mike from MySpace and his website for years already and when I finally met him I just completely fanned out and got to play a track. My set was pretty much like MikeQ and Ivana Lore who’s like another ballroom legend. I basically played all super hard underground ballroom voguing music. I don’t think that Mike was expecting that from me necessarily and actually Mike went out on the dance floor and started voguing and he’s not a voguer, he’s a DJ. He rarely ever actually hits the dance floor and vogue. That was back when we Dj’d on CD so that night me and him like traded CDs and he gave me his CDs from his like case logic and I gave him CDs from mine. Ever since then we’ve been in touch and he’s producing music on my label as well, but he’s kind of hard to nail down and get a studio session with, so I’m just really excited to me and him having a track together 10 years later finally. My very first party that I threw on my own in NY was called “Club Vortex” and it was like in the back room of this art space, so it’s not really a venue at all and they didn’t have any security or anything and I think after the first one the word kind of got around cause you know under age kids are always looking for those very few places that they aren’t going to card, so I think word got around that there was this party happening that wasn’t carding and that was super open and fun and a few friends of mine actually showed up with Ms. Boogie at that very first party and me and her hit it off. She kind of got in a little bit of trouble that night. There was kind of like a little bit of a tussle on the dance floor and I think some wigs got pulled, but it was a pretty crazy night and that was before she was even just vocals, so it’s been amazing to see her progress into rapping and making music and I just love what she brings to the track. Saturday Kingdom performs with an Allstar roster including Bae Bae, BrownSkinHazel, Total Freedom and Uniiqu3 get tickets HERE Photographed by Alligator Jesus. Styled by Ally Nikoltchev Produced by: BJ Panda Bear Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. It was a family affair as last night UGG threw a banger to celebrate their now campaign featuring creatives in fashion and music including Slick Woods and son, Paloma and Ama Elsesser, Kim Gordon of Sonic Youth and daughter Coco Gordon Moore, Sasha and Sergio Lane, and Luka and Clark Sabbat. The event was a dazzling event paying homage to the brands California heritage.  The brand drew inspiration from the #UGGLIFE  campaign family-focused narrative highlighting the relationships and the spirit across generations that brings families together along with inspiring and challenging one another DJ’s and eyewear designers Coco & Breezy curated the events soundtrack. Staying on theme with a musical performance by SoCal local indie punk rock duo/brothers The Garden. UGG founded in 1978 by an Australian surfer originated on the coast of California. Renowned for its iconic classic UGG boot boosted by Hollywood celebs, and fashion editors around the world, the brand has extended into apparel and accessories with recent collaborations with the brands like Y/PROJECT and Eckhaus Latta. The evenings launch also featured the new range of buckle boots that also presented an exaggerated sole and a soon to be everywhere thigh grazing boot. After a dinner at the Roosevelt hotel, we caught up with the mama, muse, and all around bad ass Slick Woods to chat about #UGGLIFE.  Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Did you end up going out last night after the dinner at The Roosevelt? I’m a little exhausted but I don’t think I went out, I think went out went on me. How do you feel like UGG has fit into your life as a mother? UGG has been a big part of my life since the last campaign so we have been linking up. Do you feel like having a child has fit into life of the badass fashion creature you’ve always been known for? Yes, of course. I mean getting into motherhood and being an UGG mom has definitely been a big part of my life. You have really empowered the persona of the badass into this new creation, it’s beautiful. Of course, I had to slip into motherhood very unexpectedly. What do you see in the space between comfort and style? Well, comfort and style has always been missed together. I mean my style in very comfortable. Do you think simple comfort can be stylish? Yes, definitely, I am a little bit mixed with Tomb Raider, with a little bit of Kim Possible, and a little bit of, let’s say, Al Pacino. All together – that’s me What is one comfort faux pas you feel can never be chic? Broke shit… I don’t do broke shit. What is one comfort faux pas you feel we need to embrace more? Probably aristocratic shit. Like real rich nigga shit. I wish we did more of that. Yeah do more of that now! Do you see your son as following your footsteps in the modelling world? Hell no. My sons going to be a police officer or a fireman. And I’m gonna let him do that. Your film Goldie got great reviews. Do you see yourself getting more into film? No, the director was trash but my acting was fucking great. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   BUFFALO shoes. Make way for the newest edition to the female power movement, a DJ from Berlin who goes by Martafakka. With a background in Tech House, Funk House, Hip-Hop, RnB, and Afro House, she curates explosive beats that pulsate through the listener’s body causing them to not only feel Martafakka’s energy in her songs, but also having an almost out of body experience. As well, her expertise in mixing different genres creates a new kind of music and allows for a wide range of people to enjoy her work. Beyond her musical genius, she is an avid traveller, inspired learner, and according to her Instagram, is an animal lover as well. Take pleasure in reading the following interview with the creative genius.   BUFFALO shoes. Who would your dream collaboration be with? My favorites would be Dixon, Honey Dijon and Black Coffee What are you currently working on? And how is the process going? My main goal right now is to achieve the knowledge of producing myself. I have my roots in Hip- Hop and RnB and want to learn now more about electronic music especially tech house, funkhouse… I know that you have performed in Berlin, where would you love to perform next? I would love to perform in Ibiza, Amsterdam, London and New York. What is your favorite thing about performing and your fans? The best thing about djing is when you feel that people are getting exactly into your vibe and enjoy the party. What inspires your specific sound? I already traveled a lot in my life and I have been to many clubs where I got a lot of different vibe and music inspiration. What do you want your listeners to feel or take away from your music? The most important thing is LOVE, LOVE, LOVE and of course amazing energy! People should feel good and free while listening to my music. Its all about energy. What does your music creating process look like? I start with collecting my current favourite songs. After that it goes on with the main part; FIND MATCHING SONGS! It is my goal to combine all music genres with each other. There are no boundaries! Its kind of a process of course. Do you have a specific song that means a lot to you? What makes it special to you? It’s “Dirty Diana“ from Michael Jackson since I was a kid. It always hat something mystic about it…Who the f*** is Diana?!  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   REBECCA VALLANCE suit, ANDREA FOHRMAN earrings, and ANNA-KARIN KARLSSON sunglasses. She might not be a household name in America, yet, but Lila Iké has already taken Jamaica’s music scene by storm. Hailing from Manchester, Jamaica, she sharpened her teeth by performing at Jamnesia’s open mic on Saturday nights. The seaside venue (located in Bully Bay, about 20 minutes outside Kingston), has hosted many prominent Jamaican artists including Chronixx, Jah9, NoMaddz, and Protoje. The latter performer, Protoje, happens to be a Grammy nominated artist and his ears perked when he first heard Lila Iké’s music. He signed her as part of his collective, In.Digg.Nation.  Lila’s friendship with Protoje turned out to be the turn her music career needed. The signing thrusted her into the spotlight, where she’s performed alongside him at Jamaica’s Reggae Sumfest (basically it’s the Coachella for the country) with 30,000 heads in attendance then making her NYC debut at BRIC’s Celebrate Brooklyn! Concert. In 2017, Lila dropped her first official track, titled “Biggest Fan.” She wrote the song for her mother, whom she dubbed her “biggest fan.” The song’s release opened the floodgates for her solo career, with several other songs following suit. Earlier this summer, she performed on Protoje’s song “Not Another Word,” which acted as the biggest track she’s been apart of. After premiering on Rolling Stone, “Not Another Word” has graced Spotify playlists “Dancehall Queen,” and “Dancehall Official.”  While Lila Iké might hold the Reggae universe in the palm of her had, she’s not interested in classifying herself as a Reggae artist. She believes her music is more universal than to label inside a single genre. Flaunt spoke with the rising artist about her humble beginnings, treasured inspirations, and the meaning behind the words Lila Iké.  MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit and JIMMY CHOO shoes. I always like to know what influences an artist when they are writing and recording their songs. Who would you say are your musical influences? My favorite singer of all time is Garnett Silk. I love Toni Braxton, I really love Lauren Hill. All great artists in different genres and different types of music. But my all-time favorite is Garnett Silk. Why would they inspire you? Garnett Silk is my all-time favorite because of what he did for the music I don’t think anybody else did it. I feel like his voice, his style, he had a spiritual thing with his voice. Also, the fact that he didn’t get much time to do what I really think he wanted to do. Very powerful and very spiritual. How he was cut down so early almost makes me take up the responsibility, just make sure my music is on that level.  What’s your intention when performing your music? What are you trying to give your listeners with your talents? When I’m performing, I’m basically giving everything. With certain performers, You can identify with what they are saying. , You can see certain movements in their body, you can feel in your presence that music isn’t something they are doing to make some money. So when I’m performing I’m doing what I’m supposed to do, which is give it all Every artist has a different creative process when writing and recording music. What does your look like?  I search for inspiration, I don’t necessarily like writing with a pen and paper. When going through my everyday life, if a thought comes to me, i’ll whip out my phone and record it. Somethings I don’t record all my inspirations, but it comes upon you and for some people, it comes through like mediation or dancing or going different places. For me it’s all of the above. I like having conversations about different things. like learning as much as I can. I like listening to music, going to jam sessions.  ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER coat and boots, HALPERN turtleneck, and MISHO earrings. You’ve released four singles so far. What’s next? Is there an album or an EP on the way? Naturally, but I can’t say when. I am definitely working on new music.  We will keep our ears open! There’s a lot of musical genres, what inspired you to chose reggae? Is there a connection to the genre which drew you to it?  Personally, I don’t really associate myself with any particular genre, I feel like its a conscious thing. Like a work of poetry. I grew up in Jamaica, where there is lots of reggae. But I love reggae, it’s my favorite genre. I love spoken music, jazz, country music, reggaeton. But for me, reggae music is a part of me.  Are you still based in Jamaica? Yes. Rolling Stone premiered “Not Another World,” which features you working with Protoje and Agent Sasco. Are there any more collaborations coming up which you can tell us about? I recently did a song produced by Izzy which was released on the same day, so I haven’t been pushing it that much. That’s the most recent collaboration I’ve worked on but I’m interested in working with a lot of artists. I’d love to do a song with Chronixx and Koffee. These are things I have in my head that hopefully work out.  You recently performed at LA’s Delicious Pizza for their block party. Are there any more US shows coming up on your itinerary? Not right this minute, the next time I’m in America for a show is in Washington. My friend wants to come perform at his venue. Me, Sevana, a new artist called Jaz Elise, and another artist named Apollo. We are apart of their acoustic presentation. That’s the only thing I’m certain about. October 14th. Where did the name Lila Iké come from? What does it mean to you?  Lila, biblically was coined from my original name Alecia Grey. When I was born people would always shorten my name. They’d call me Leekee or Leelee. Once somebody called me Lila and I was very drawn to that name because I felt like a “Lila”. I made a Facebook account and used it as my Facebook name, it was “Lila Music.” And people started calling me Lila. Before I know it, everybody actually thinks my name is Lila.  Iké, I got that name from a friend of mine I met when I moved to Kingston. This guy had a Nigerian background. He grew up in Africa and said Iké is short for Ikechukwu, he told me that it meant “God is powerful” I grew up in a Christian home, my mom always went to church and believing in a higher being was always a crucial part of our everyday life. And I personally believe that there is something more beautiful and powerful than all of us here on Earth.  I wanted to appropriate this energy, which is the purest form of my music. That’s where Lila Iké came from.  It was great talking to you, is there anything you would like to add? I want people to know that it’s okay for them to be themselves, and they should go for whatever they want if they feel it in their hearts. If it brings them joy.   MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit. Photographed by Nolwen Cifuentes. Styled by Mui-Hai Chu. Hair: Darren Hau using Oribe at Opus Beauty. Makeup: Mylah Morales  at Exclusive Artists.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Autumn Hrubý is the founder of knitwear enthusiast and journal, Hesperios. The carefully crafted, sustainable collections express Hrubý’s philosophy of “quality over quantity,” with garments meant to last a lifetime. An extension of the brand is it’s dedication to classic and contemporary art, literature, and travel, which reveals itself in a biannual anthology— distributed internationally through art-and-design book stores, galleries, newsstands, and museums. This month, Hesperios released it’s third edition of the ongoing journal series, marking the celebration of both established and emerging creatives. From artists to chefs to filmmakers and poets, No.3 is packed with visual references, intellectual nuances, and personal anecdotes that will galvanize any and every reader. Flaunt spoke with Hrubý post-Journal No.3 launch to chat all things Hesperios. HESPERIOS founder, Autumn Hrubý. What’s the story behind the name of your line and literary journal, Hesperios, meaning “the evening star”?  My friend Evan Dando started calling me Hess as a nickname, short for Hesperios. At the time, Glenn O’ Brien and I were brainstorming potential names for my company to be. It was a long process, and he had several amusing options, but when I heard Hesperios, everything just clicked.   Of all the interviews in this issue, who surprised you most, and why?  Miranda Brooks interview. I loved discovering that she meditates with her client before each project to bless the land and ask the spirits for help.  “In Japan there is a standard practice to have a land blessing with the client and architect before any construction begins, to make peace with who has been there before, and to suggest where the spirits can safely wait until construction ends. Once construction is complete, they are invited back to bring love and a sense of being to what was created.”  Visually, how has literature and the art world influenced your designs?  Art and literature have influenced our brand in every possible way. I knew I wanted to make the perfect sweater and cardigan with reoccurring artist collaborations and less common color palettes. And of course, we publish art and literary books, which is at the heart of what we do. This has always been the idea behind Hesperios. Sometimes working with an artist on a particular cardigan will influence the range of colors for the collection, but I usually have a well-defined palette from the very beginning. I often have Maria Sibylla Merian’s books around for reference.   As fashion is the second most polluting industry in the world, how does your brand support sustainable practices? I’m glad you asked. This is a long answer, but it is the most important question I am asked. Hesperios has been called a “sustainable brand,” and I’m not sure what that means or if any brand can be truly “sustainable,” but we are trying, every day. I have set very high standards in the way I’d like to run everything. We are a small team, but we all care and want to do things differently and thoughtfully rather than arbitrarily pushing out more product. I think we’ve had a head start as a new company forming good habits in the early stages, rather than having to unravel detrimental ones later on. Even so, it’s a constant process which requires a tremendous amount of time to research alternative materials and more efficient methods of production.  It was always my intention to create a well-made, high-quality product that would last forever and age well. Our collection began with a sweater; designed as something you can keep as an heirloom— quality over quantity. We produce two seasons a year, with limited releases in between, all of which are produced in low quantities, so we aren’t sitting on excessive inventory.   We also recycle our inventory in a way that I’m proud of. In our last three collections, we selected a few styles from our inventory, like our Gayle or Lou knit tank, and combined them with pleating to create our signature Paloma and Lola dresses. Our collection also consists of a core library of year-round knits, which means we can keep these on our website longer because they technically don’t fall out of style. If we have inventory in a color that hasn’t sold as well, we dye it sustainably. Timeless and well-made products retain their value.  All of our wovens are produced locally in New York City. This reduces the waste of packaging and shipping materials. We try to use as much deadstock, antique, and recycled materials as possible. We will never produce leather, and we’ve kept our material options to a minimum. I don’t plan on using cashmere or wool. We plan to use 100% organic cotton by next year, and we’re also in the planning phase of bringing our knit production in-house, so we are in control of all phases of production.   I wish building a company was just about telling stories and making beautiful things, but this is such a small fraction of what is required. There can be a myriad of factors and variables which influence every decision and sometimes can be overwhelming. But we approach everything with thoughtfulness and integrity in mind.  I’ve been a vegetarian for 18 years, and I’ve always been conscious of my environment. When I was 20, I lived on a permaculture and biodynamic farm in San Miguel de Allende, and when I moved back to the states, I viewed our resources differently. I think this experience has informed my life decisions going forward, and I’m constantly reminded of those lessons. I recently sat through the Earthlings documentary and was completely shaken. It takes you through all the industries that rely on animals and how corrupt so many industries are. After watching this, I wanted to begin taking steps to become vegan. I also became overwhelmed with all the lifestyle choices associated with this decision and that if I became vegan, I would want the brand to be as well. Suddenly, becoming vegan was harder than anything I’ve ever thought about doing, especially regarding fashion. Right now, I am gathering the facts so that it isn’t an overwhelming transition. Leather is everywhere. There is no reason when there are plenty of alternative materials to use for a handbag or a shoe. But then, you also have to be knowledgeable about how those materials are made and the waste or toxic threats they could be creating.   Patagonia has been a big inspiration for my colleagues and me. My best friend, Miye McCullough, is our Director of Operations, and she has a background in Conservation, so we are always talking about sustainability. She recommended a book called The Responsible Company by Vincent Stanley and Yvon Chouinard. It has been my ongoing resource for information. I recommend this book to everyone, both personally and professionally. You can learn from their past mistakes as a company, how transparent they are, and what they did to learn and improve not only their production but practices on a global scale. The bottom line is that it takes a community effort to create change. The book is also a reminder that while mistakes are inevitable, what counts is how we solve each problem.  Everyone on our team has a genuine interest in sustainability. We enjoy the research process equally as much as the creative one. I’ve been a member of an innovative design library ever since we started, which gives architects and designers access to sustainable, biodegradable, recyclable, certified organic materials around the world. They have an actual library you can walk through and scan swatch cards; giving you instant access to suppliers who produce bio-leather from pineapple juice.   I don’t want to turn a blind eye to our ecological crisis. If I’m made aware of something that isn’t right, I will go to great lengths to try and correct it and make it better. But I have to remind myself that it cannot happen overnight.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 Drop 1 launching today, October 8th, Zara aims to release their variations on the here to stay khaki and uniform stylized core pieces. For decades in DIY culture, core basics have been used as representation and a source of visual language to identify rebellion and counterculture. These two characteristics are still used as the main sources of inspiration to highlight individual style and remain part of being unbranded in a capitalistic society. As well as being inspired by figures involved in the arts, musicians, actors, artists, and so forth. Zara is taking classic clothing archetypes with this new SRPLS CHPTR 03 line, consisting of outerwear, shirts, pants, and accessories, remixing them with new proportions, cuts, and sews every release to give a new meaning. This will be the 3rd instalment of Zara’s bi-annual SRPLS collection, showcasing men and women collections as in the past, but for the first time a kid’s line will be available. The collection speaks on the military influenced clothes that have become part of the world’s wardrobe vernacular for the past 60 years in popular culture. Made from premium materials, in limited edition with three releases each season. The collection will be available online and in select stores across the US, Spain, Germany, UK, France, Italy, Poland, Japan and China. Photos courtesy of ZARA Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Gucci has begun accepting applications for the North American Changemakers program, which includes its $1.5 million Scholarship Program and its $5 million Impact Fund for nonprofit organizations, and they have brought a collaboration with DRØME Creative Director Satchel Lee to announce it. The grant and scholarship open call announcement invites young people and nonprofits to apply to be Gucci Changemakers.  Earlier this year, Gucci announced its North American Changemakers Program, working in alignment with the company’s vision for garnering a greater social impact and pushing diversity and equity forward within the fashion industry. The film announcing the open call for applications was narrated by Changemakers Council Co-Chair, Poet, and Author Cleo Wade, and allowed for young people to share their own stories. Wade stated, “Change does not happen in theory, it happens in community. We are bringing the Gucci Changemakers initiative to life by bringing not only funds, but also time, energy, and care to communities that have been historically and systemically under resourced and overlooked for too long.” Both of the programs aim to do exactly that. They give to and prioritize historically underrepresented and marginalized communities in order to allow for the advancement of the youth and nonprofit organizations hoping to create broader change, starting within their own communities.  Learn more on applications and eligibility at www.changemakersus.gucci.com. Photos and video courtesy of Gucci Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   GUCCI jacket, pants, and shoes.  BEN SHERMAN top and pants, BRUNO MAGLI boots. The singer-songwriter and actor Chord Overstreet surprised a lot of his fans when, in 2015, he left behind his acting days on Glee to pursue a career in music. The son of Grammy-award-winning country music singer-songwriter Paul Overstreet, Chord had grown up surrounded by music, which he quickly developed an affinity for. Once he formed his own band, Overstreet, the singer was already opening for Demi Lovato and Nick Jonas on their Future Now Tour. After releasing some well-received tracks, the band came along with their first EP earlier this year Man on the Moon, Overstreet is back with the new track “My Ex.“ Flaunt sat down with Chord Overstreet and discussed his relationship with music, songwriting, and his newest single “My Ex”. I wanted to ask you a little bit about your upbringing. You were brought up by a Grammy award-winning father, you have a music-related name—it’s almost as if it was predetermined that you would be involved with music. It was probably my dad’s way of nudging me out the door with a guitar in my hand. I was the third one born into my family, and there’s three notes in a chord, so my dad and mom had names like that for everybody. My sister’s name is Harmony, like a four-part harmony, and a brother named Nash for Nashville, so everyone’s got a wacky name.  How would you say your relationship with music has evolved throughout your childhood up until today?  My relationship with music started out when I was really young and my dad introduced me to Elvis, the Beatles, and James Taylor. The stuff that I responded to was the lyrical content—songs with a story that helped you stepping out of reality, just being in your head and going wherever the music takes you. Lyrics first for me is where I always go, such as James Taylor and Bob Dylan, guys who were really able to paint a world.  Branching out into your own musical career—did you always want to do that, or was it a more recent decision after Glee?  I always did it just because I grew up around it. When I first moved out to LA, I was trying to get the acting thing going, and I had my guitar—it was always there. I never thought about it too much, I just always did it. I would be writing and I would be playing. Everything I got involved in and it worked always coincidentally had music involved, it kept chasing after me. I also always had the desire to do what my dad was doing. When I was probably 17 and playing football—I wanted to play pro football—I got a knee injury and was on Oxycontin on the couch. I was playing video games and my dad was like “Turn that damn game off and write a song!” So I picked up the guitar and couldn’t put it down.   That’s amazing. It’s good that it stuck, because I remember my parents forcing me to learn the piano at a young age, and I would get so bored by it. But then, the love for music sticks with you. It’s interesting because, when you’re a kid and taking music lessons, you don’t necessarily have the drive and determination —although some people do—to push that as a kid and develop those skills. Thank God that parents make kids take lessons because when you’re older, it’s there. I’m really thankful for my mom driving me to guitar lessons. It’s about having the foresight to see that it would be useful someday. Of course, I saw my dad do it, and he obviously taught me a lot about songwriting. My dad said something interesting to me. He had a rough childhood—he came from a broken home—and yet was always very positive in his songwriting, his message was really uplifting. Somebody asked him where his inspiration comes from when he’s writing, and he responded that he always wrote about how he wished his life was, not how it actually was, how he wanted it to be. I thought that was really cool, to be able to twist anything and make a positive message out of it. I’ve learned a lot from him out of my 30 years of studying him. I was really blessed that he put great music in front of me for me to learn from versus some of the stuff that’s pretty bad [laughs].  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. From all of these influences, how is it that you came to the sound you have now? I have a lot of modern influences even just in production, with the sound and current alternative stuff. Finding your niche within that, going back and taking some older retro production vibes and going in some of that—I would say it came from a lot of trial and error, honestly, just throwing a bunch of things at the wall. I was frustrated with not having a sound, so I went back and listened to a lot of Beach Boys stuff, as well as diving into deep tracks of music, while always wanting to make stuff that lasts for a long time. You find inspiration from the best.   You’re getting what inspiration you can from different artists and injecting it into your own style. Exactly. It’s like I really liked the way they presented that sound, how they had fifty different voices way back then, and just finding your own voice within that. A lot of the stuff I love listening to is just stuff that I want to drive to. Then I did a bunch of tours with just me and an acoustic, that singer-songwriter stuff. That’s a different side of me that is there, but after a while you just want to put on a rock show, you want to have fun, you want to express yourself and do crazy shit and not give a fuck about anybody.  GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and talents own ring. That’s actually what I wanted to ask you about next, about your shift from performing solo to having a band. It makes sense that you did it like your father before with the singer-songwriter aspect, and then you wanted to branch out.  That side of it for me is about expressing your emotions. You’ll to be up there, you’re vulnerable, and pouring your soul out. The band stuff and the energy—the crowd has so much to do with it. It’s such a release to be able to express yourself, and be that big, and be that loud, and to do whatever the fuck you wanna do. There’s such a rush in that, and when you go on and perform, you just black out—from the time it starts to the time it ends. Then all of a sudden I’m going, “Wait, is it over? Did that just happen?” It’s almost like its own drug, which you can get out of the singer-songwriter stuff, but that’s a little more therapeutic, and reliving some dark, heavier stuff.  You also have this support network of the rest of your band with you on stage.  Yeah. It’s fun to be able to make music with your friends, to shake out all of your anxiety, and nerves. I’m not a great dancer, so on stage I can just do the weirdest, craziest, stupidest stuff, and not give a fuck. That’s one of the things I like. That’s the only time you’re gonna see me blow off steam. It’s almost like you turn into a different person, which I love. That has a very similar connection with me that acting does. When acting, you get to disappear for a second. GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and KSWISS shoes. I really like that, because there’s also this other side of performing that’s filled with nerves, and you’re always worried about what people will think. But when it’s right for you, you just melt into it.  Once you say, “Fuck it,” and jump off…The first time I started doing live stuff with a band, I was learning my body, and how I move, and how I do things. But then, once you rip the band aid off and learn to not give a shit, to just have fun and move around like nobody’s watching…that’s the best. Once you can take that jump, it’s fun.  Great. I’m wondering, what artists today would you like to collaborate with if you had the opportunity? I would love to collaborate with Sting or, I listened to a lot of Aerosmith growing up they were probably one of my favorite bands. I don’t know what that would sound like, but probably more so the legends. Just to be able to say I did it and pick their brain. To get into their headspace and see what their creative process is like. Yeah, I’d ask a lot of questions like, “Hey, when you wrote ‘Dude (Looks Like a Lady),’ what was the story behind that? I’d probably be the most annoying person sitting next to them, because I would be asking them so many questions. I find that the process of songwriting is so different for everybody that “What inspired this, what inspired this, what inspired this” might open your eyes to all the things around you that you wouldn’t normally pay attention to.  BEN SHERMAN t-shirt, KENZO pants, and BALLY shoes. Going off of that, I want to ask you a similar question about your upcoming single “My Ex.” The songs on your Man on the Moon EP have a lot to do with past relationships and the effect they had on you. How does this single play off that? What inspired this direction that you’re going in? I wrote this song the next day after running into one of my exes. I ran into her at the bar and she was with one of her friends, and I used to hang out with both of them when we were together. I run into this person all the time, and I ran into her, and every time I run into her she’s with her boyfriend. It’s a little odd, because he’s just a little bit odd about it. We’re cool though, I love her to death she’s super sweet. She started flirting with me a little bit, talking and drinking. To make a long story short, we hung out and afterwards I felt like she was making a move on me—not that I would’ve done anything. Then her boyfriend showed up and the whole vibe completely changed. I found all of this really interesting, so the next day when I went into the studio to write, I started working on the track with my buddy, and in thirty minutes I had the song written. The thing I thought was interesting was, what if I actually did go home with my ex-girlfriend and she left her current boyfriend? I just thought that would’ve been an interesting hypothetical situation, because once you had that relationship with somebody, there’s always something that’s underneath a little bit. You’re always wondering “What if it turned out differently?  When you’re young, relationships end for reasons that when you’re older I’m sure they never would. There’s probably a reason and a good reason it did end. I self-examine a lot of my dating life. It’s an easy thing for me to really look at that while I’m writing.  That’s a positive thing—self-examination, looking at how everything went down and how you can change for the future—it’s a very good thing. It’s very much like therapy.  Like self-therapy almost.  It is difficult to analyze yourself without you running through your own protective filter. When something happens in a relationship, people see it from a slanted view where they end up not being as harsh on themselves as they are on the person they’re breaking up with. Being that way with yourself can be tough.  KENZO jacket and pants. Very true. My final question is, you know how people usually get an impression of an artist whenever they listen to their album or a single. I’m wondering, with the debut album you’re releasing next year, is there a specific impression you want people to get of you, whether as a person or as a musician? That’s a good question. My goal for this next batch of songs is—everybody relates to love, loss, things changing. They might not relate to the exact story, but everybody has felt that way, everyone has had that emotion. Being able to really put out emotions that are relatable, that hard stuff that you don’t really want to talk about, or being able to share the good feelings. It’s about being able to emote and give people something they can relate to.  They end up feeling an emotional connection to it. They have a connection to the music. Even if it is specific to my story. That’s probably the main goal.  That’s probably the main unifier between people and music—the ability to connect with an emotion or lyric, anything about it—it’s great.  It could just be a lyric, it could be something that makes you say “I felt that way.” Even Drake with “Why you gotta fight with me at Cheesecake Factory/ You know I love to go there.” That’s funny, and it’s real. I think it’s genius how specific that is, because you can’t make that shit up.  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. It’s specific enough that you can imagine being in a similar situation. Everybody has got into a fight with somebody at a place like that. Cheesecake Factory is just—I think that’s hilarious. Drake does that better than anyone. Great. That’s it on my part, is there anything you wanted to talk about that we haven’t touched on? We talked about the sound, the inspiration…The one thing I also wanted to talk about…just the…I guess we talked about it. Letting people in and getting a good look at who I actually am and what goes on behind the curtains, what grinds my gears I guess. Especially with this new project you’re doing, it’s a new path, and for people to see that and get their impression of you, it’s really important. It’s new for me, but it’s also thirty years of  my experience in self-discovery, and giving people a look into the reality of where I’ve been and where I’ve come from, that’s really important. That’s great. We very much look forward to your new material.  Yeah, I’m constantly writing, so hopefully I’ll get a bunch of new stuff out there.  Photographed by Jonny Marlow at Early Morning Riot. Styled by Brendon Alexander. Grooming: Avian King using Davines at The Rex Agency. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   A woman with a past containing hardships to a future where she can clearly see what she wants, Diana Gordon is back with her new single, “Becoming” which is all about celebrating hard work, being in control, and having her family by her side. She is a multi talented woman who sings, song writes, produces, and is a visual artist. Diana is not afraid to be herself and through her voice and singing, she has been able to have an emotional outlet. Her music is a mix of rhythmic drums, alternative rock, and dark folk, which create a melodic base for her powerful and captivating voice.  Diana has won Grammys in the past for her songwriting and producing work with many prominent artists, including Mark Ronson, Dua Lipa (“Electricity”), Beyonce ("Sorry", "Daddy Lessons", "Don't Hurt Yourself'), and more.  Her 2018 EP Pure was described by Pitchfork as being, “marked by her striking voice and emotional candor.” Diana has an album set to come out next year and will follow the tone of her new single “Becoming.”   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The high desert has remained as popular as it was 40 years ago to getaway to, when your dad was planning a Joshua Tree trip with his buddies and forgot to pack the trail mix, as well as the good suede boston birkenstock’s.  HWY 62 ART TOURS is becoming one of the fastest growing attractions taking place over 3 weekends in October, featuring 150 artists opening their studios to showcase artwork.  Part of the fun derrives from its self-driven aspect, furtherly explained by Art Tours Director, Bill Green: “The best thing about the Art Tours is that you never know what you’ll discover. With over 30 different categories of art, you might see a tile house followed by an abstract painter followed by a sculptor. You get to choose what you want based on your interest. There are so many different artists here with unique studio spaces that you can’t possibly see them all. It’s a big reason why we went to three weekends this year.” This special desert art tour taking place under the stars will take place this month in October over the spand of 3 weeks.  Weekend Oct. 5th & 6th, the 11th & 12th, and lastly the 18th & 19th. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Photo courtesy Nike. This is what we have been waiting for. In Los Angeles, Nike is coming out with limited-edition Air Max 270 React sneakers and fleece hoodies. Not only are they limited-edition, they are specially-designed by three talented L.A. artists: Sage Adams, Jheyda McGarrell, and Gabrielle Richardson. Each artist used their stories to create a this new collection of sneakers and hoodies, incorporating their unique style and flare. Flaunt was fortunate enough to get to chat with the women, see below.  SAGE ADAMS: The NY Transplant “Designed by artist and curator Sage Adams, this Air Max 270 React is a reinvention of the classic white shoe that Adams saw in her childhood. The shoe comes outfitted with a pizza slice charm to nod to the classic comfort from her home-state, a reminder to pay tribute to your roots.” What inspired you to pursue art? For me the lack of representation of marginalized people as popular visual artists really spoke to a gap I wanted to fill. We needed more than Basquiat, we needed to know Carrie Mae Weems, Kara Walker, Henry Taylor! I needed to see more of a spectrum of the stories being told and mediums used.  Do you feel that art has opened up new possibilities for expression for you?  Art In many ways has taken over how I see the world. Before I started breaking things down into shape rather than how they ‘actually look’ was the moment I began to feel like an artist. It’s opened my mind to an array of possibilities otherwise deemed impossible. I didn’t even think I could draw as a kid. What is the process you go through when curating an exhibition? Do you have a specific message in mind? For me it’s getting to know the artist and what made them make the thing and then it’s how do these things come together to tell the story.  What connects the works, what makes them different from other pieces in archive? What medium? What does the architecture of the actual gallery space look like? Creating an authentic representation of an idea or ethos is one of the hardest and most rewarding things there is.   JHEYDA MCGARRELL: The Homegrown Angeleno “L.A. native artist Jheyda McGarrell’s take on the Air Max 270 React is influenced by her Black and Mexican upbringing. Pops of red pay homage to rose bushes grown in the front yard of her childhood home, while gold accents represent the evolving idea of opulence for Black and Brown communities. Topped off with a cherub charm, a reminder to honor traditions and use the lessons of the past to keep it moving forward.” Questions for Jhyeda Mcgarrell: How does your heritage, as an Angeleno of both Black and Mexican decent, reflect onto your artwork? My heritage is reflected in all of my work due to the heavy impact of it in my formation. The contention of growing up experiencing all these different aspects of culture and tradition is an experience many without their stories ever been told. This specific project in my mind has worked to piece together the different aspects of the different culture backgrounds, that our two cultures share. This shoe to me bridges the created tension of an American landscape. It shows the ways we are one and the ways people like me live between these different ideologies and physical spaces. It bridges the weird black kid in the white neighborhood to the dark skinned mixed Mexican kid growing up with Tias smoothing down their curls and gives us space to just be all our different facets without contention.  What was the most rewarding and challenging part of this process? The most rewarding part in this has been seeing the smile on my mom’s face when I told her I was working on a collaboration with Nike. The most challenging but also rewarding part has been working with an entire crew of people to execute an idea which is still relatively new to me. It’s so beautiful to see all these brilliant, different minds working to make something I once imagined.  What do you hope people feel when they wear your shoes/hoodie? Confidence? Individuality?  I hope when they wear the apparel they feel like they are truly reflecting their highest self. I hope they feel comfortable and free. I hope they feel every good emotion that has been out into the making and the lifestyle behind the creation. I hope they feel loved because I know I do from them.  What qualities do you see in yourself that you know you got from your family? Pretty much everything. My family is completely made up of immigrants and all of the qualities I’ve gained from their strength and preservation in a country against them is appreciated. I have learned love and a desire to improve our lives and the lives around us and to honor heritage. I have learned even the qualities they might oppose in me. I have learned to always crave freedom and to always have a strong sense of self among so many other things.  It is so amazing that you get to work with Nike to be a source of inspiration for many people. What has inspired you, and in return, what do you want your work to inspire in others?  Thank you! It is literally such an honor. I’ve been inspired by everyone around me embodying the phrase “existence is resistance”. I’ve been inspired by the black, the brown, the indigenous, the queer, the trans, the fat, the disabled, the people who make up the qualities most worth embodying, utter freedom of expression and true strength. I hope my work inspires people to follow myself and others in moving forward towards freeing themselves and seeing the value in their everyday life, even when it’s boring, even if you hate yourself, like I did once and still do sometimes, I hope they know they are important.  GABRIELLE RICHARDSON: The Passionate Traveler “Neon meets pastel in a technicolor dream in the Air Max 270 React designed by model and multimedia artist Gabrielle Richardson. The colorway exhibits the dichotomy of the modern-day jetsetter — neon being those moments of movement, and pastels representing the comforts of home. Embellished with a ‘Real’ charm, an encouragement to make creative dreams a reality without letting others restrict your point of view.” Questions for Gabby Richardson: Which place that you’ve travelled to been the most influential, or just your favorite and why? I think the most influential place I’ve ever been is in Cape Town, South Africa. It was beautiful to be in a majority black country, but still felt a sense of disillusion being in a country with such an intense racial caste system. I felt so lucky to be in Africa, a continent that felt so connected to my identity but where I had never been. I met so many young talented South African artists in Cape Town who shared their art with me, and it reinforced my drive to do better to create and facilitate spaces for young black kids globally. What do you want people to feel or think when wearing your design? I want people to feel validated, I want to give people hope. I want people to know, in our constant shared state of anxiety that we live in that there is a silver lining. I used the neon colors because they’re utilitarian colors used often in industrial and emergency settings, I offset the abrasive colors with pastels to give it a sense of softness, and a sheer window so people can show off their personality. I think the real chain is self-explanatory, what you do, whatever you want to do, that shits real, that shits valid, don’t let anyone limit you and tell you that your aspirations are fake. What does it mean for you to be a part of Nike’s limited edition collection? It feels crazy! I As a child I never thought it was a possibility for me to work in the creative world and even more of a ludicrous fantasy to be able to have my own shoe. I think it’s a testament that any dream you have can be built. This journey with Nike has been a really formative experience for me as artist, I have never been so affirmed in my artistry. I was able to direct so many aspects of the campaign from the casting, color ways, and insert in the shoe. Being believed in is a magic that I want to pass on. Everything can be real!! What does travel mean to you? Through my time traveling I’ve realized that I learn mostly through experience. Through meeting people and exchanging stories of each other’s lives, I not only gain an objective knowledge but also broaden my emotional intelligence. A willingness to learn doesn't have to only connote traditional practices of learning, an education can be childlike and involves a lot of falling and getting back up. Traveling allows to see me to see the world for the first time always, everything and anything can fill me with wonder.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    WILDFOX clothing.  WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, JF LONDON shoes, ASOS belt, and KRYSIA RENAI necklace.  WILDFOX clothing and DALMATA necklace and ring.  WILDFOX clothing, B JAMES bag, WOLF CIRCUS necklace, and FARRADAS KNITS clips.  WILDFOX t-shirt and CLYDE hat  WILDFOX clothing, ASOS headband, IMAGO-A belt, and MALONE SOULIERS shoes.  WILDFOX clothing and MISCREANTS gloves.   Left to right: WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, VIA SPIGA shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. WILDFOX sunglasses, MALONE SOULIERS shoes, FARRADAS KNITSearrings, I.O. COLLECTIVE ring, and NORA KOGAN ring.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings.  WILDFOX clothing, TIBI belt, LADY GREY earrings, and MARY MACGILL necklace.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. In a city more rife with wantrepreneurs than we care to truly consider, there are origin stories aplenty. Divided this in two, split that up, and presto! Success! Took the family business and scaled it. Had an invention idea come in a dream and now we're shipping ten thousand units. Was in the right place at the right time. Knew a guy who knew a guy and the rest is history. Often rather boring stories. But how often do you hear of success stories that originate in the club? Business is done in clubs, business is celebrated in clubs, but rarely do you witness material success be birthed in the club. Enter saxophonist and entrepreneur Jimmy Sommers, CEO of Wildfox and 100% owner of the lifestyle brand known for its sun-soaked, sexy California attitude. In addition to being Wildfox CEO, Jimmy Sommers is a partner in top shelf tequila, Perfectomundo, with multi-Grammy winning DJ and producer, Paul Oakenfold, and owns a boutique line of beautifully hand-forged eyewear, very appropriately named Sommers.  Wildfox was birthed over a decade ago. While throwing must-attend parties all over the world, and made in LA units flying fast, the company navigated the economic recession and explosion of e-commerce with a big smile on its face. The birth of influencer marketing across Instagram, however, and a glut of fast, cheap fashion brands, have created challenges in recent seasons, and Sommers is continually seeking ways in which to stay true to how his brand was built and scaled, while integrating a modern sensibility for how fashion is currently consumed. Sommers took time on the deck of his Modern home in the Hollywood Hills, to speak on the changes he's witnessed in the apparel industry, as well as Los Angeles, as well as his only-in-Hollywood story of rising to musical prominence, and in so doing, creating a platform for himself with which to meet the world and explore other ventures. In support is a Wildfox Fall '19 editorial, photographed on the azure hills of Malibu late this summer by frequent Flaunt photographer, Shane McCauley. You found your footing in Hollywood with an exceptional saxophone talent right?  Exactly, being good at something was my way in. The saxophone was my in to Hollywood, in to different events, meeting people. It was a tool. I used the sax as a tool. In college I got a scholarship for it. Then I got to take a crack at LA because I had a reason: to become a professional saxophone player. I was very fortunate to have parents that are supportive and together still, which is rare. They’re my backbone.   And what sort of evolutions have you observed in the music industry over time? The music industry is… well, it’s funny because when I came out here there was something called smooth jazz, and there were jazz and smooth jazz stations. I grew up listening to David Sanborn and Marcus Miller and their style was my key influence. I had gigs all the time. But that’s changed and so has my music career. I used to go on tour all the time. So, the radio stations changed their formats and then comes Hip-Hop. When I was out here recording, it was Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg and Tupac and that era, which was cool shit—it still is cool—but now it’s a whole new and different thing.  You actually mentioned you recorded with all manner of artists at the time, like Tupac himself? Well it just happened that Dr. Dre and Tupac’s engineer lived in my house on Sunset. That’s how it came to be. All of the sudden I was exposed to this music, so then I was playing with them… What’s interesting is that when I was out here, I played saxophone at the China Club, and the China Club is where all the musicians came. I played with Prince, I played with the Kal David band. Rick James came to play. I was immersed with all these great musicians. And what was the sort of lightning bolt moment that deepened your involvement? I was a guest at a part of John Paul DeJoria’s house, the guy that started Paul Mitchell. I was at the bar drinking Patrón with Rod Stewart, who I had just met. We got to laughing and I said, “Rod, let’s go play with the band. I’ve got my sax in the car.” I went to get out my sax and next thing we’re on stage with the band. And that’s where JP was like, ‘Wow, you’re great.’ I didn’t have a record deal at the time, but he was like, ‘How can I help you? Come to my office.’ So inspiring. So I end up playing his gatherings where ten thousand people come, all his hairdressers. He puts a package together, about a hundred and fifty thousand CDs, and distributes them at the salons, which was a catapult to me getting a record deal. It was outside the box, and that really helped me stand out from the rest. That’s what he does. He builds people up. All of the sudden, when my record was done, all of the record labels wanted some. That’s when I ended up getting into the record business with Universal. They pushed me because JP believed in me. And what a vision. He actually started Patrón Tequila 29 years ago, sold it for five billion bucks. And what is he doing now? Giving back. He’s doing great things, and he’s always done that. Doesn’t just go buy a yacht or whatever. He’s such a humanitarian. The guy is just too good to be true. WILDFOX clothing And now you’ve launched your own tequila brand, Perfectomundo? My best friend met someone that owned the best distillery in Mexico. He said ‘we have the best blend of Tequila,’ so we decided to make it. We ended up collaborating with Paul Oakenfold to do Perfectomundo tequila, which is the same name as Paul’s label. It seemed like a good fit. It’s nice to have a business with friends that you can enjoy. We started it a couple years ago, and it’s doing great, and God damn you should try it. It’s delicious! Tequila’s growing big time. And ours has been rated in several shows and tastings, it’s won a lot of awards. The problem with these big tequila companies is they can’t make it fast enough. So they pump it through, and it’s not as good anymore. Being a boutique brand, it’s small batches, and extremely good. Has LA changed a lot to you since coming here? Oh man, in so many ways. To start, there was no bottle service. You’d go out, it wasn’t all the phones with the cameras. You’d go out there, you’d talk to people, not everyone was staring at their phones. That’s just in general, not just LA. But it’s not the same as it used to be. It still is beautiful. It’s still got talented people. Beautiful beaches, you know, beautiful hills. I suppose it’s just that technology has changed.   And how did you make the music to fashion transition? Were you inspired by something in general? Being in that circuit, going to Paris, seeing all that, the fashion shows and having friends in the fashion business was major. And what goes on in London, Paris, Milan—it's so different. Music propelled me to go and experience the world and fortunately enough there came an opportunity to get involved in something else. I knew what was going on in fashion, I was going to the trade shows, seeing what people were doing out there. And to put a different spin on something was key. These two girls came and pitched an idea, something different with a t-shirt company. Oversized, different shapes, something completely different. That’s when we first launched Wildfox. And of course it blew up. Was there a key moment in time? A couple girls came to me with an idea. I said as long as it’s the coziest, softest material, I’m down. That’s what I was going for—the best materials with the right washes. But, we couldn’t even get into the majors, because we had just started. One day, a friend, Alessandra Ambrosio, said, ‘Jimmy Sommers, I’ll model for you. I’ll put your clothes on and I’ll take some pictures. But you do it! You take the pictures.’ So when she was in town, I threw the T-Shirts on her. I had never done this before, so I went to Samy’s Camera and said, ‘Give me your best camera.; It was a 5D and I said, ‘Well, what do you do? I’m shooting a Victoria’s Secret model, what do you do?’ And they just go, ‘Yeah right, sir. Just put it in auto.”’ So, I bought the camera for five grand and went and she put on all the shirts. Then Alessandra was like, ‘Well you can’t use these because Victoria’s Secret is going to get mad.’ So, I said, ‘Ok, of course not, I won’t use these.’ Then, at the trade show, I blew up the biggest photo of her, which was overlooking the whole show. People took notice, and the first order I got was a $60,000 order from Kitson. And I go, ‘How did you see us over here? We’re not even in the main show!?’ And of course they said ‘well, we saw that poster of Alessandra.’ Of course, I was in debt, so it was so great. Alessandra was the key thing. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. How would you describe the identity of the Wildfox brand, how it came to be a force? I’d say along the lines of, ‘Oh, that’s the brand with the softest material,’ the funny sayings, ‘celebrities wear it’, that sorta thing. As the current Wildfox CEO, I ensure we make all our clothes in LA, and it’s great stuff that’ll last forever. Quality. Any person that has a shirt since we started is still wearing it—I’m wearing one right now. They’re out there and they’ve got a frickin’ Wildfox—especially in LA and New York and London—they have something of ours in their closet. Now these other brands come, these fast fashion brands that have Internet money, and it’s cheaper clothes. And there’s all this paying people to wear stuff. We never had to do that when I started. And there’s a lot of that now. Yes, and the mimicry scales so fast. There’s a lot of copycat brands, but what can you do? Just be original. When I started as Wildfox CEO, we thought simply: let’s make t-shirts like butter. The softest t-shirts ever. People say that our first shirts are like fine wine. They just keep getting better and better. They don’t fall apart. Now we have to keep evolving and doing other things. From dresses and higher fashion stuff. Everyone still loves a good shirt and sweats and loungewear, but you have to watch where the world is up to. And now we’re all watching each other on little screens? Yes! Instagram wasn’t around when we started. In fact, we were one of the first accounts to get so many followers. Now, everyone’s influenced by it, which is kind of sad, because it can easily get carried away. It’s good to get these people’s support, but you know… these influencers have so much coming to them. If someone likes a brand, they’ll wear it and talk about it. I talk about a lot of things I like. But, like, one post? It’s not sincere. Left to right: CLYDE hat, JF LONDON shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. CLYDE hat, HARDEMAN shoes, stylist’s own socks, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings. And have you felt tested by owning a company, dealing with the ebbs and flows from the top? Of course. Having a company, you’re working with people, spending more time with your colleagues than anyone. It’s nice to do special things and, hey, if you can be successful and be funny as a company, isn’t that great for everyone involved? Me, being an artist, I get carried away a little and spend too much, and it catches up. This month we are restructuring our offices, tightening up my business. Now we have all these incredible new designs, and there’s excitement at first, then a little stagnancy. Like a relationship. You have to keep tooling and pushing. And do you feel the trajectory is normal for a brand, like a cycle, or is Jimmy Sommers’ Wildfox different?  There are unique circumstances to Wildfox and then much of it is normal high’s and low’s for any brand. Looking back, when you’re rising every year, a lot of big brands would call me and I gave them the middle finger because I thought everything was going to keep going up. ‘I don’t need this, everything's fine.’ But sometimes you do need someone to come in and give some help. It’s been my strategy to stay a one hundred percent owner, but I'm always looking for a strategic partner who can grow it bigger and bigger. You’re always hearing about the pitfalls of growth in the fashion and apparel industry. Any truth to that? You get cocky, but, you know, the consistent factor is you always need some really good people around. I’m still dealing with people that I find out they were faking it. It’s like, what was I doing for the last seven years paying you a hundred and twenty grand? What were you doing? Because I love it when people leave or go and you don’t even need to replace them. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. And how about outside insights or consultation? Not being from this business, I’ve hired a lot of consultants. I’ve figured out that they’ve told me everything I was already doing. With consultants, I’ve learned they’re typically the failed CEOs of their own businesses, or CEOs that got fired, and they want a lot of money. Every consultant I’ve taken aboard hasn’t changed shit. They’ll move certain things around and they’re just shuffling papers. They’ll come in and paper shuffle, and it’s like ‘Oh my God, how much money am I spending?’ So perhaps it’s more in the creative structure? Who at this stage might you think to be an ideal partner? It’s got to be a funny cat. Look at Pharrell! He’s got all this crazy music, he’s great. We’ve met a few times and once I was like, ‘Aren’t you doing fashion?’ and he named four different companies. Wow, what a talent. So someone like that I’d like to get in the mix. New approach on creative ideas. Even Nike does all these things. Collaborations are big business these days. It sparks energy into something, so I’m looking for collabs and there’s a lot of possibilities. Jimmy, aside from being Wildfox CEO and tequila entrepreneur, how about your personal trajectory? Any excerpts from the book of life? All you can do is just learn from life and other people. But you have to trust other people so you truly can learn from them. And that doesn’t always work out, but you have to try. ‘If you look back,’ my father used to ask me, ‘would you change anything?’ You know what, no I wouldn’t. But maybe I have to say that because my father asked me! And how about music? You’re still keeping an eye on the scene? I’m always supporting new artists, as I was one back in the day. Lately I’ve been signing country artists. I know how it is, it’s tough. So it’s nice for me to help out other people, and not just for one song. You have to throw a lot in there and see what sticks. I did that with my music. I worked on three albums at once, and could never finish anything! But then I’d be putting together a record in Chicago, and I’d meet someone and they’d be like, ‘Let’s have ten songs in three months.’ And I was like, ‘Wow, that works.’ Deadlines are important! CLYDE hat, TIBI shoes, IMAGO-A bag, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace. And you’re building a studio up here in the Hills? It’s pretty amazing, the sound. I have a great sound system up here, and you can really hear when someone knows how to record, or mix. Man, that’s a big deal, the mixing. My favorite place to create is like this, where something sounds good. You know, in the Hills, in the studio. That’s why Tupac and everyone used to roll through back in the day! I had a recording studio! That’s why I’m building a new one up here. It’s a special spot. When you’re first in the Hills, you look out there and you’re thinking ‘Wow, I wanna move out here.’ And so I’ve always lived in the Hills, from all the way around. Like seven different houses, and I finally bought one. I look out, and I see the city sparkling, and all those people and their lives from here to as far as you can see, and you’re just on top of the hill, on top of the world. It feels frickin’ good, and it still does. And how’s it all going to land? What’s the big picture look like? Well, it would be nice to have a great relationship, and kids, and this and that. But who knows? Let’s just say I’m gonna die however, but with a smile on my face. Peter Fonda just passed away, and you know, his sister Jane, that’s what she said, that he ‘passed but he had a smile on his face.’ It’s like, have a good ride, because we’re not here forever. Photographed by Shane McCauley.  Flaunt Film Directed by Lucas Chemotti. Models: Dani Dolinger at LA Models and Patterson Wells at Visions Models LA. Styled by Britton Litow. Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co and Oribe at Nest Artists. Makeup: Cedric Jolivet using MAC Cosmetics at Lowe & Co. Manicurist: Lisa Jachno using Chanel Le Vernis at Opus Beauty. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019 The contemporary jewelry line, AGMES, is the brainchild of Morgan and Jaclyn Solomon. Each collection is influenced by facets of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art. The geometric and sculptural, metallic silhouettes reflect modern heirlooms, meant to last a lifetime. Handcrafted in New York, the sisters provide local jobs and utilize recycled metals, which is central to their code of ethicality. With the release of their Fall 2019 lookbook, Flaunt spoke with the Solomon gals to chat all things AGMES. Tell us about the inception of AGMES. Morgan Solomon: We hadn’t anticipated starting a line together years ago, it all happened naturally and kind of fell into place this way. I was working as a buyer at Bloomingdale’s at the time but always felt like something was missing in my life. After catching up with an old friend, I was re-inspired and decided to pursue jewelry design full-time. Meanwhile, Jaclyn had just resigned from her job as a sweater designer at Proenza Schouler. She had planned to take a little time off, but as I was getting ready to launch my first collection, I was asking her for more and more input. It started out with small projects, to larger projects like producing our first lookbook, and naturally led us to form a partnership. What aspects of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art inspire the geometry of your designs? MS: Our collection is very sculptural in nature, so we’re often inspired by sculptors such as Jean Arp, Henry Moore, and Barbara Hepworth, to name a few. We’ve also been greatly inspired by the designs of Charlotte Perriand, Pierre Jeanneret, and Mies van der Rohe. For our most recent SS19 collection, we drew from Ellsworth Kelly’s plant drawings. What dedications has the brand made in regards to sustainability?  MS: Sustainability has always been very important to us, but we feel that now more than ever, it’s crucial to keep our environmental footprint as small as possible. There is so much waste in this industry, and we think it’s our responsibility to make sure we’re not adding to the problem. All our products are made locally in NYC, which helps keep our carbon footprint small, and we use only recycled metals for all our jewelry. Any excess metal that hasn’t been used in our jewelry is melted and repurposed for new pieces.  Jaclyn Solomon: We recycle and reuse everything we can. We’re always bringing in bubble wrap, packaging materials, boxes, etc. from packages we receive at home so that we can reuse them instead of letting them go to waste. What are some of the ideas and concepts behind your Fall 2019 collection? JS: We drew from one of our favorite pieces from the existing collection, the Gabriela Bangle, which we had hand-formed from clay. We love the weight of this piece, the feel of it, and the look. So we wanted to continue playing with this sculptural hand-formed look, but play with the proportions and symmetry further. Most of this collection came from pieces we hand-formed from clay. Do you have a favorite piece from the collection? JS: My favorite is the Gabriela Hairclip! MS: I’ve been wearing the Medium Celia Hoops almost every day lately. And I’ve also been wearing our Domed Ring layered with the Cara Ring from last season. I love being able to build off the styles I already have.  What’s next?  MS: We’ve only just begun expanding into the accessories category – first jewelry, and then we introduced some home and hair accessories. We’ve been exploring the idea of expanding further into these categories, in a way that stays true to us – beautiful organic forms, all of which will become modern heirlooms and embody a sense of timelessness. Photography: Arno Frugier Creative direction: Ashley Helvey Model: Audrey Marnay Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Perverze is the burgeoning Tokyo-based, avant-garde street label taking off in global proportions. The brand is comprised of an on-going collaboration between creative visionaries in Japan, and founded on the retro styles of the 80s and 90s counterculture. Despite the decline of fashion retailers in recent years, Perverze is one of Japan's fastest-growing fashion startups. From shredded knits to tailored coats and bucket hats, the brand champions it's vintage aesthetic with modern functionality.  With recent media frenzy, Perverze has teamed up with Assembly NY to launch it's official U.S. presence. Starting November 15th, the Fall/Winter 2019 collection will be on display in New York's Lower East Side for a month-long showcase. Although this pop-up will be brief, Perverze has no plans to slow down any time soon. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On a mid-fall afternoon, Graham Tyler and I sat down at the High Line Hotel. Surrounded by its collegiate gothic-style architecture and mid-19th-century mementos, we reflect on the time ambiguousness of it— much like his work. Once a student of sculpture and millinery, Tyler found his craft somewhere between bespoke and ready-to-wear, although, he’s not the typical trend-leaning, Instagram-hype designer we’ve become accustomed to. Rather, he’s more introspective, and frankly, unparalleled in his skill. Blending Renaissance, Edwardian, and Victorian silhouettes, Graham modernizes each garment reference through a contemporary lens. In conversation, we spoke of his interests, inspirations, and career from past to present.  How did you decide to study sculpture at Cleveland Institute of Art, and how did that lead you to your millinery apprenticeship with Marta Glazen? I started with painting, and my work was about the body. When it came to actually choosing my major, I ended up going with sculpture because I was more interested in tactile 3d works at the time. And again, I was making a lot of things about the body. From there, I realized I really wanted to learn a craft and wanted to have a skill— a real solid craft skill set. I was looking around at what would be of interest to me, and then I became kind of obsessive about really fascinating textiles. So just in happenstance, I found a woman in Cleveland that was taking an apprentice. Her name was Marta, and she took me in very kindly, and it was very intense; it was about two years with her. Two years, for five, maybe six days a week. I learned a lot from her. She's worked with everybody, and she was wonderful.  How did you decide to switch from sculpture to hats to ready to wear? I was making headwear for a lot of different people in New York, from stylists to runway to a lot of nightlife personalities. People would constantly ask me, "Can you make a garment to go with the hats that your making?" So I thought that I probably should learn how to make clothes. I was making a lot of clothing and headwear. Then, some of the designers that I was working with for their own lines  said, "Just start your own thing."  You went on to make custom headwear for Lady Gaga, Barneys NY, Adam Selman, and Polo Ralph Lauren, to name a few. What were those experiences like? Ralph Lauren for Polo was a full-time day job, and I was doing headwear. That was a really great experience of learning the ins and outs of a brand and how a brand functions at that scale. It's especially nice to work at a brand with such a specific aesthetic. When it comes to celebrities, I work with a few different stylists and such. I largely work with Zaldy, who is a big costume designer. He used to be the designer for LAMB for Gwen Stefani. I worked with him, and it's a really great relationship because he can transfer the information and the aesthetic that they're looking for quite easily. Celebrity work can be tricky because we both come to the table with totally different aesthetics. So I try to translate their thoughts and their words through my hand, which can be kind of a tedious process. It's a lot of give and take on that, but in the end, it's fun. Speaking of costume design— have you ever considered crossing over into that category? I mean, I now understand why Christian Lacroix decided to be a costume designer. Because there's a lot more freedom in that— I don't think I would, because I don't feel that my clothes and the topics that I'm discussing in my work translate well on stage, so I probably would never become a costume designer. None of my clothes have any historical accuracy. I'm usually re-cutting a historical garment into something totally different, or I cut a jacket as a shirt, and I cut a corset as a jacket. I kind of am shifting and re-translating and re-curating things. Your silhouettes are a modern and original take on historical fashion with an emphasis on curved seams, leg of mutton sleeves, corsets, suit vests, and so on. What era's in fashion do you find most influential to you? And do you see a resurgence in antiquated-style clothing? I think the world is consistently reflexive. I think that that is relevant to me. I do see a resurgence in— at least currently, there's a lot of Victorian and Edwardian references transpiring. Especially with puffed sleeves, these are quite popular at the moment. The most recent collection was largely about Mary Shelley and her husband and the Pforzheimer collection at the New York Public Library, which focuses on 1819 to 1845. I mainly stuck to that time period as to the corsets, jackets, and shirts that I was cutting— I was referencing those styles. My work blends Renaissance, Edwardian, Victorian, and some extremely contemporary styles of cutting so that things never feel historical, and they never feel contemporary. They always feel like this very time ambiguous work, which I think is a new way of making clothes — to be very time ambiguous about the way that you're working. Overarchingly, people describe my work as being very Amish. I definitely take that as a compliment, just because I think I cut very graphic shapes, but with very tactile textiles and very hand ROT textiles- and that's kind of an Amish practice. The wonderful thing about Amish is that they look the same today as they did, and they do still.  Speaking of your SS20 collection, "The Origin of Failure," what's the meaning behind this title? It's a long, drawn-out situation. Though the collection was about the Pforzheimer collection and Mary Shelley and her husband, it also was in tandem with trying to figure out what contemporarily is a Romantics approach to making things. I was really inspired by glitch art — also, the act of being romantic about pixelated data. A lot of the prints were all glitched out. I was glitching the images with the love letters. I was typing the love letters into the code of the photos and glitching them through that by putting too much data into the back end. So the long drawn out part of it is that there's only one real piece of critical academic writing about the glitch art that's called The Aesthetics of Post-Digital Objects, I believe. It refers to a glitch as the origin of failure. I was really fascinated by that term. Also, it's terminology as linked to Mary Shelley's obsession with failure in her book and most of her literature, but especially in Frankenstein. What were some of your other points of inspiration for the collection?  I was looking at one specific love letter, which is dated August 23rd — my birthday, that Mary Shelley's husband sent to her. Then when he passed away, she rewrote it, and the rewritten version is at the library. That was the main graphic, and then I referenced for the styles that I was cutting a few original Parisian fashion magazines from the early 1800s, these little women's books. Then a diary-slash-entertainment book that a woman named Anne Wagner kept, and I created a dress using her entire book that I reprint. That dress now will be in the permanent collection of the Phorzheimer. They have bought it, and it'll be the only piece of contemporary clothing that exists in their archive, which is really wonderful. Those are the main things that I was focusing on visually.  Do you have a favorite piece from this collection? The jacquard triptych. The three-piece suit that had their love letters and embroidered into it was my favorite look. That garment is made with this new technology that I'm working on with a computer weaving company in California to be able to create jacquard garments with no wastage. That's how the Mary Shelley corset was also created. They normally create a lot of wastage to make that work.  Art plays an innate influence in your work. Do you prefer antiquity or modern art? It's a big mix in between. I don't think there's an art style that I don't like for the most part, but I'm not a big Surrealist fan. There are a few artists that I'm always thinking about, but I only look at historical art when it's when it pertains to a specific topic. I know the Smithsonian Institution in DC was an important gallery to you growing up. What's your favorite museum today? As a child, we went to that museum almost every summer in DC. There's a Vermeer room that was important to me, and the room about Alexander Calder in the Modern was significant for me as a kid. The feeling of uncanniness inspired me in his work. I recently went to the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum. That was probably the most fantastic art experience I've had because it's really beautiful to experience art of that nature and of that caliber on non-white institutional walls. What are some of your favorite art movements and painters? My favorite artist is Joseph Cornell, who created these incredible little boxes filled with objects. He dealt with melancholy, nostalgia, and love in the same way that I do. I have a soft spot for miniatures and small works of art. I am more inspired by the underpaintings of paintings than I am of the paintings themselves. The color palettes from my work are based on Versailles' underpaintings, which are black and white paintings that they do before they do the painting on top. Any of the artists in the Baroque time period did that a lot. I look at Baroque paintings and Baroque unfinished works of art quite often. I also look at Jasper Johns work a lot. Currently, there's an artist Jefferson Hayman. He's a photographer, and he does these really beautiful little photographs that are my current obsession. Your last two collections have focused on the use of muted colors. Why are you more drawn to grays and blacks, and do you plan on reintroducing color in future collections? I'm partially color blind, and managing all of those colors was very hard for me. I realized I was in a very different place at that point in time. The short answer is no; I won't be going back to color. I consider those first two collections iterations of me attempting to figure out what I wanted to make. Then the most recent collections are me telling the world what I am making and what I am planning to continue to make. Gray, black and white will always be the base, and I will softly incorporate beiges and taupes and rusts, and some kind of soft lilacs. Everything else will stay rooted in those colors. I also like that you could, in theory, take any piece from those collections and moving forward be able to put them together because colors will always match up. I think that's important for the people who look at the clothes and also wear them. How do you achieve your impeccable tailoring? What's your trial and error process like while developing silhouettes each collection? My suits are sewn by hand. They are quite meticulously sewn, and I make all of the patterns and samples.  I keep everything really structured, largely just because I'm drawn to those really aesthetic lines. It was more so a very long learning curve to have to teach myself how to sew a suit like that. I was looking at a lot of old designer suits who made stunning haute couture suits. That's where I learned how to make the ones that I make now. So what's next?  I'm launching e-commerce in the next month or so with some of our core styles and shapes. I am really focusing on the dress shirts. That's kind of everyone's favorite item from us. I'm currently in the Elaine Gold Launch Pad program, so lots of things to come through the CFDA and the EGLP. Then I am already starting the textile development process. The process is very long, and we create entirely new textiles every season, almost every textile is exclusive to the brand. I'm in the process of ideation and also agreements between what collection I'm going to be allowed to use next. There's a lot of logistical things with these collections, so I'm working on what collection I'll be using next. Clothing: Graham Tyler ‘The Origin of Failure’ Produced and Directed by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: Jack Belli Styled by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Mia Varrone Model: Inga Dezhina at Supreme Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Veronica Vilim, Luka Sabbat. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Frida Aasen, Laquan Smith, Daniela Braga, Robin Holzken. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Lion Babe. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Beau Jangless. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  LaQuan Smith. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Aamito Lagum. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA Photo by Avi Gill Last Thursday, New York designer LaQuan Smith and cherub denim brand, Jordache, celebrated its capsule collection at Cipriani's private club, Socialista. Elsa Hosk, Luka Sabbat, Danielle Herrington, and Elisa Johnson, to name a few, sported their Jordache x LaQuan Smith looks as they wined, dined, and grooved to an impromptu performance by Lion Babe. The collaboration, displayed in Smith's Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, is inspired by the NYC nightlife, offering a fresh and reinterpreted version of Jordache's playful denim silhouettes. To view the full collection debuted in LaQuan Smith SS20 click here. Photo by Avi Gill Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Kelcie Schofield is the founder and designer of the contemporary clothing label, CIE Denim. Conceived in 2018, Kelcie fills a gap in her industry by reusing and reworking pre-existing denim as well as solidifying a new and less toxic manufacturing process. Whether it’s restructured silhouettes, deadstock materials, or Naveena Mills’ cutting edge Horizon fabric, CIE represents the future of manufactured denim in our increasingly destructive global climate.  In addition to responsible garments, Kelcie melds this effort with creative design applications— each piece one of a kind. With flipped pockets on the ankle hem, an upside-down jean fit, and color-blocked seams, each design reflects a unique twist on traditional denim norms. Post Spring/ Summer 2020 presentation, Flaunt spoke with Schofield to discuss the past, present, and future of CIE Denim. Tell us about the inception of CIE. CIE was started from our two core silhouettes - our upside-down jeans and shorts. I wanted to create an item that made heads turn (literally) but could also be worn day to day. How do you aim to be a new and unique voice in the industry of denim? Every piece we come out with should have something that gives it an extra spark. We’re here to make unique investment pieces that you feel good about buying.  How do you view sustainability as an essential component of the current fashion climate? That’s exactly how I view it - an essential component. Sustainability, for me, is a non-negotiable for any new business to find success in the current climate. Since I launched CIE in 2018, there has been a noticeable change in the industry and how customers view their clothing.  What are your efforts in regards to sustainability? Explain your “slow-fashion” philosophy. I have two sustainable mediums I work with right now. The first and the essence of what built CIE is reworked vintage. Even for our knits, we reworked Hanes T-shirts. Using fully recycled materials creates an exciting challenge for each style that I enjoy working through. For the sustainably manufactured denim that we source through Naveena Mills, we do fully “new” jeans made entirely from the Naveena fabric as well as combining the new fabric with vintage materials.  How do you believe denim will evolve in years to come? I think sustainability will continue to be a driving force in the denim industry. My hope is that companies established and emerging will embrace responsible practices. It’s slowly transitioning, but it’s not quite there yet.  What’s next for CIE? More learning and growing! We plan to push the brand into unexplored territories, whether it’s new materials or new silhouettes.  Clothing: CIE Denim SS20 Photography by: Phoenix Johnson Model: Lyn Hersh Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli. Creative director Wil Beedle hosted an event in honor of AllSaints 25th anniversary.  Accompanied by musical guests such as Flaunt Fave Arsun Sorrenti, the night was a classic celebration at Chateau Marmont’s bungalow 1. Hoards of the coolest kids hung out chain smoking by the pool while a DJ set by Hateboy got the rocking crowd weirding out to some house tracks. The influence soaked crowd included Ariel Beesley, Bec Adams, Ally HilFiger, Amanda Steele, Eddie Mitsou, Gavin Turek, Finneas, Kate Parfet, Kilo Kish, Marta Pozzan, Rainsford, Salem Mitchell, Sara Cummings Zach VIlla, and a host of other Beauts. Photographed by David Vassalli. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The contemporary retail concept, Maiden Name, is the brainchild of Alix Freireich, and David Lê. While the founders met at Vassar College, they reunited to bridge a gap in the interconnected realm of e-commerce. With assistance from Jesse Hudnutt and Susan Lee, the four embark on a journey to reconnect the roots which link fashion and fine art.  Following a seasonal calendar, Maiden Name will organize its collections as an online, and interdisciplinary group show; showcasing exclusive artist collaborations alongside in-house women’s apparel. Like a chest full of curated gold, Maiden Name may hold the key to your future treasures.  In a recent conversation, Flaunt spoke with the founders to discuss the start of this forward-thinking, art formed, and eco-minded community. Tell us about the genesis of your retail concept, Maiden Name. Maiden Name really emerged out of our own sense that we didn't have a place where we loved to shop. It also came out of an acknowledgment that we spend a lot of time shopping and consuming media online, and those activities all seem to take place in the same dead, zombified e-comm context. So when we found ourselves with an opportunity to share work we love, made by people we love, alongside the apparel we make, it felt like there was an opening to use e-comm differently. We call ourselves "Maiden Name" because we want to highlight the people and stories (the "maiden names") that usually get erased when things enter the public sphere. And we wanted to keep this feminist gesture, insisting on a kind of independence, even as we credited those that came before us. Tihngs by Eric Oglander Photo by David Behl What are your thoughts on the link between fine art and fashion? We think about this a lot, in part because we need to protect the fine artists we work with, and an association with fashion can make their work seem trivial. That's just a fact, even though, by and large, we think it's bunk. We think of artist/designers like Sonia Delaunay, or photographers like Grete Stern and Ilse Bing, who all straddled the worlds of art and fashion and did great work (a full century before Sterling Ruby and Cindy Sherman!). That's why we highlight them on our Instagram @maiden.name.store. But we do recognize the need to let art and fashion excel on their own terms. We want to produce fashion that's technically perfect, that's beautiful. Our objects are freer, in some ways, to be about other things––they can be "about" history; they can be weird, or conceptual. What unifies everything is our sense of our customer's needs––they want beautiful, thoughtful, well-made clothes, and they want to collect beautiful, thoughtful, and well-made objects. What influenced the first womenswear collection? The collection draws on Alix's archival research, so it brings together 19th-century reference pieces and touches of the 1970s, modernized and rendered in high-quality materials. The Zoe Shirt, for example, is modeled on an Edwardian grandfather shirt that was still in great condition because it was made in silk. Ours is silk too, and we hope it also lasts a century. We describe the core concept as "70s Renaissance Fair," which sounds odd, but the end products are all meant to be totally wearable and versatile. We want them to be sexy and smart. And it felt like that was missing from what's out there now.   How does sustainability play a part in your collections? Sustainability is core to what we're trying to achieve. We make everything here in NYC, so it's a local supply chain. We use deadstock material, and because our production runs are so small, the wastage is minimal. More broadly, we need to slow consumption down (which is an odd thing for a fashion company to acknowledge). But we want customers to buy less and buy better. Our next step is to scale up in ways that will allow us to ensure sustainability from raw materials to end product. That's a challenge, particularly when you're small. You feature collaborative work with Paul Arnhold’s hand-blown glass and Eric Oglander’s collection of 19th and 20th-century folk art. What prompted the choice of these artists for your first collection?  Paul is a dear friend making very beautiful work here in Brooklyn. That was a no-brainer. We found Eric through his "Craigslist Mirrors" project (@craigslist_mirrors) his Instagram-based collection of images, sourced from Craigslist, of mirrors for sale. We thought that was brilliant. And his Tihngs project is too. Both Eric and Paul have such distinct points of view (and are making work that is almost diametrically opposed, formally). So they seemed like great partners to open the collection with. Indigo Vase by Paul Arnhold Photo by David Behl What are your favorite pieces from your inaugural collection? We love the Tamara Top. It almost verges into historical costume, but doesn't, and ends up being so cool. We also love the Tramp Box, which is sculptural, and modern, and old at the same time, and the Graffiti Vase, which is kind of a twisted take on Paul's other work. And we love the framed set of Leung Kui Ting prints––they look simple, but the more time you spend with them, the more you like them. That's always the real test when you collect.  How do you envision the growth of Maiden Name? I think first and foremost we want Maiden Name to build out the line beyond shirting. We also want to have more of a physical presence. It's hard to communicate something like the perfect fit, or the beauty of hand painting without having people see things in the real world. At the same time, we want to expand our digital presence and knit together a community, folding in our friends in Berlin (at the end of 2019) and then with more cities in 2020. Photography by: Matt Grubb Styling by: Gabriel Held Model: Fiffany Luu Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   While the fashion industry is backed by an insatiable appetite for the new, we find ourselves in a current climate of trying to stay well-fed, while simultaneously reminding ourselves the importance of sustainability. These three young designers have found a way to bring forth something innovative, while also holding themselves accountable. We have Bethany Williams, conceptualizing clothing with a focus on social issues, Christopher John Rogers, designing for those influencing radical change, and Emily Adams Bode, sourcing from the past to create something for the now. Interviewed by Mui-Hai Chu Photo courtesy Bethany Williams What drew to design? My love for fabric construction, and how design can be used to find solutions. I read your mom help knit and create pieces for you. Was she ever in fashion as well? She used to be a pattern cutter for factory in Liverpool,  and now she does soft furnishings and she also does my netting as well. Obviously your family is really important to you. You grew up in Liverpool?  I was born in Liverpool but then I grew up on the Isle of Man. It’s such a small tight-knit community. Loads of things are locally produced and there weren’t many main stores growing up. How do you describe your design process? It always starts with an issue I am trying to solve and then we work with a charity that tries to talk about that issue. What issues are you looking forward to promoting? I think for the next collection I’m working with a charity that makes temporary housing for women and children. Who would you say are your inspiration or muses? I love other designers like Walter Van Beirendonck I’ve been a massive fan girl for a while. Do you have any type of life inspiration outside of fashion? I do like artists like Egon Schiele. I really love his work. My inspiration is probably my family.  What do you think are the bigger challenges you face trying to be sustainable? I think sourcing is a massive one, as is pricing, and having things available. How do you decide to up-cycle a piece? How does the process come about?  It kind of depends on the project we’re doing. We will be doing the collection and there are staples that we always upcycle. I’m trying to introduce more and more. Where do you hope to see yourself in the next five years? I would like to start my own social manufacturing project in the UK. Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy  Christopher John Rogers To start at the beginning, what drew you to design?  Anime, manga, and cartoons—especially people with special powers. The ability for clothing to help people self-actualize and to give them a newfound confidence. You grew up in Louisiana. What effect, if any, did growing up in the south have on your creative evolution?   A real sense of polish and refinement is found in the South – especially in the Black Church. Spending time with my mother and grandmother in church helped me curate an eye for the finish and cut of clothing and has been an inspiration for me ever since. How would you describe your design process?  I'd describe it as visceral. Although I try to be strategic, I'm ultimately extremely influenced by my intuition, emotion, and heavily inspired by color. As a recent graduate, what is the best advice you've received from your mentors at SCAD?  Work hard and stay true to yourself. There are always people that might be more talented or more privileged than you, but hard work and humility know no bounds.  Where do you find inspiration? Everywhere! Debris on the side of the street, mid-century couture, things my friends are wearing, et You've dressed people from Cardi B to Michelle Obama. Having worked with so many influential figures, is there a lasting moment with one that stands out to you the most?  To work with a woman that's equally revered for her intellect and passion, as well as her individualistic sense of style, is definitely a highlight. My family was also extremely proud of me, so that's a plus! Where do you see the fashion industry headed in the next 5 years?  A sense of increased accountability and transparency that's come with the proliferation of social media. I think we're going to see a complete upheaval of the traditional ways of showing and interacting with fashion. Tell us about your fall collection.  Stonehenge, quinceañeras, and Dr. Seuss. What's next?  Everything! We're working on our Spring 2020 collection and are also finalists for the CFDA Vogue Fashion Fund, so we're working our tails off! Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Where are you from, and how has that made an impression on you creatively? I’m from Atlanta. My parents were from Massachusetts, so I spent a lot of time in Cape Cod. I have this juxtaposition of New England and the South. The effect Atlanta had on me was not only the southern hospitality, but a lot about celebrating craft and culture. Tell us about the moment you knew you wanted to become a designer.   In high school, I was taking extracurricular art classes, like how to draw, technical fashion. I also took a croquis drawing class, and it must’ve been junior year that I knew that I wanted to be a designer as a career choice. I went to Parsons for menswear design and I went to Eugene Lang for philosophy. In what ways does the study of philosophy and your interest in fashion design connect? I think it’s primarily the way that I come up with a narrative for the season, and what sorts of questions in culture—my culture, other people’s culture and tradition—should be asked and should be addressed. How to talk about the historical narrative around clothing, and dressing. You’re known for re-contextualizing materials in a lot of your garments, many of which are vintage textiles. How did you get into the textile portion of it? Since I was a little kid, I had been interested in buying antiques and all of the historical narratives alongside that. We would go to all of these antique markets in Atlanta, and flea markets in New England, in and around Massachusetts. Why design menswear? I went to school for it, but I’ve always been interested in designing for someone outside of myself. Tell us about your fall collection. That collection was inspired by a narrative around gallerist Todd Alden, who is an ephemera dealer in downtown New York. I worked with him and talked to him about his life, collecting, what sorts of things inspired him to collect, where he lives, history of that location, his family history, how he came to become a curator, and the moment he opened his own gallery. Where abouts do you find inspiration? Following the life of someone and their relationship to objects, the domestic space, and the traditions that have shaped their lifestyle. Do you ever see yourself getting into womenswear? Not right now. We have a bunch of stores that pick it up as women’s, but it is traditionally a menswear brand. In the future maybe we’ll have a different conversation around that. What’s next?  Right now, we’re working on production, but really building out our own manufacturing space. Most of the collections we make in New York is made in our own studio, so building that out is the next step.  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Images courtesy Bethany Williams. Images courtesy Christopher John Rogers. Images courtesy Emily Adams Bode.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. A brand that makes style, comfort, and practicability a priority while making sure to evoke confidence, Knorts recently launched a new collection called, Scarlet Knorts. Color is the main factor of enhancing the garments’ attributes. Traditionally, Knorts has used the color blue which represents calmness, coolness, stability, and reliability, which are all components of confidence and is the signature color of their denim wear.  Knorts’ new capsule collection, Scarlet Knorts, incorporates the feelings associated with the color red. This collection aims to evoke strength, warmth, comfort, love, and power into the customers’ everyday life. Befitting to their aim, these characteristics can also support the feeling of confidence. There are future plans to create more color capsules to keep both the brand and wearers in an emotional equilibrium. This launch is partially used to spread awareness about California fires with 10% of proceeds from the Scarlet Knorts collection being donated to fire aid services.  Shop the new collection here    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   As I walk in the flagship Messika store, I’m greeted with smiles, macarons and diamonds. Immediately I felt that I had entered a world of femininity and style. The pieces are beautiful and delicate, yet powerful. Messika is an iconic jewelry brand worn by celebrities like  Rhianna, Penelope Cruz, and even Serena Williams during her training session. Valerie Messika, founder of the brand, created the trend of “everyday diamonds.” Much of Valérie’s inspiration comes from art, playing with a Calder sculpture in her father's office, absorbing from his collection various details of line, movement, color, composition, which have shaped her overall sense of form and proportion. I got the opportunity to chat with Valarie and try on some of the most gorgeous pieces of jewelry I’ve ever seen.  Why did you choose LA for your flagship store?  We are a family business so we are very intuitive and organic on how we do our business. We met a partner here in Los Angeles called Westime. They are very strong in the jewelry and watch industry. They work with Richard Mille and Audemars Piguet. They are also strong with red carpets in Hollywood so we decided it would be a good idea to open our first flagship store here. What do you hope the new store will bring to the brand?  I’m so excited because I can smell that the Americans in this area love jewelry. But they want something easy to wear, cool and light. This is the Messika philosophy; bringing a coolness to wearing jewelry that is very fine and delicate.  The workmanship and quality of the diamond is the top, but it’s cool. You can enjoy it and wear it everyday or on a big occasion. You can mix it with a casual or sophisticated style.  What was it like having Kate Moss as a muse? The moment I launched my brand 15 years ago I knew she was my muse and inspiration. She's really iconic for me. She embodies femininity, fashion and style. When I launched my brand and the philosophy I wanted to break the traditional code of jewelry. It was made for big occasions, but I wanted to make it apart of fashion and style. That’s why women like Kate Moss are so strong for me.   How would you explain the woman in the street wearing Messika?  The strength of Messika is that the women wearing it range from 18 to 70 years old. I love when I see different types of women wearing it with different styles. It’s not that we are putting a logo on the woman. We can see the personality and the style they embody with the pieces. It’s not about how rich or strong you are. It’s about the feeling and attitude that you have with your own style. It gives you self-confidence.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On Wednesday we celebrated Benetton’s new pop up shop in Santa Monica with prosecco and polaroids. Benetton Group is one of the best-known fashion companies in the world with a network of about 5,000 stores and a headquarters in Ponzano Veneto. The brand is known for its bright colors, the revolution of the retail outlet, and their unique sales network.  The new collections embody both the old and the new, featuring an exciting fusion of its classic colorful style with its newer streetwear-inspired elements. The artistic direction of Jean-Charles de Castelbajac, who is known for his iconic teddy bear coat worn by Madonna and portraits of Andy Warhol, shines through the recent collections. He recently united with the Benetton Group earlier this year, which was announced at Milan Fashion Week. He announced backstage that “The DNA of Benetton and mine have many similarities…this meeting between us is happening at the right moment, too, because this idea that desirable things can be of good quality and be affordable to many people is very interesting now…Benetton has been sleeping a little bit. But it has all this sleeping potential. And its base is very strong.”  Bring some color into your life and visit the pop up open from October 25 through November 24th!  Santa Monica Place Floor 1  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Courtesy Hublot With Halloween around the corner, Hublot stirred the cauldron to create a sapphire and emerald green Big Bang MP-11 watch. To give it its unique shade of green (not quite emerald and not quite sapphire), they used a material that has never been used in a watchcase. The material is called SAXEM, which is short for sapphire aluminum oxide and rare earth material. It is a mixture of aluminum oxide (the basic component of sapphire) with rare-earth elements like thulium and holmium.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   KAIMIN is the raising utopian brand initiating the posterity of attire. With a foundation of innovation and inclusivity, the namesake designer may well be sent from the future— sent back a couple of hundred years to propel the industry forward. Harnessing the power of the digital space, and the resourcefulness of sustainability, KAIMIN crafts intergalactic garments with a cunning dose of raunchiness. In a recent interview, Flaunt spoke with the avant-garde designer to discuss the evolution of the label, cyberspace, and the forecast of tech-induced fashion.  Tell us about the creation of the brand with your business partner Dmitri Pchelintsev. My initial foray into clothing design came in 2014 with the Zero Zero Vol. 02 project – a multi-sensory, high-tech video popup exhibition with an installation by Snarkitecture, which I was the protagonist of and also directed alongside stylist Nicola Formichetti and photographer Miles Aldridge. We had the honor of presenting the Vol. 02 book at my beloved Paris store, Colette. As part of that project, I created a stand-alone clothing capsule for the female character, and a very prominent singer ended up wearing some of my pieces in her music video. I felt compelled to create a full collection, and my very good friend Dmitri, who helped produce that very pivotal Zero Zero project, really believed in me as a designer, so we formed the KAIMIN label together in 2016. Dmitri is a creative marketer and business operator who happens to have a very strong background in finance, having spent many years at some of Wall Street's premier institutions investing in renewables, green-tech, and sustainability. Having helped grow several tech-enabled startups, he now oversees all of KAIMIN's business strategy and operations, while leading our expansion as a digitally-native brand, including the recent launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line.  How have innovation and inclusivity played essential roles in the brand? Innovation and inclusivity go hand-in-hand for me, as tolerance for new and crossover ideas breeds progress. KAIMIN leans heavily on technology in everything we do, and aesthetically we work with all types of creatives, communities, and personalities because anyone can uncover something new and beautiful, irrespective of age, race, and gender.  Besides using innovative materials, production techniques, and data analytics, the brand benefits from social media's global reach and the unprecedented direct access to talent that it affords. The Internet is a boundless creative nursery of young innovators that come from all different realms, including art, fashion, music – we love and fully utilize this cross-functionality. I grew up an outlier in a homogeneous society, so I feel my clothes have to speak to things beyond style and promote ideals that are important to me, including social and economic inclusivity, as I feel everyone deserves a voice. In addition to connecting through unrestrained creativity, I try to make items that are more accessible, including from an economic standpoint, and which still adhere to my design and high-quality philosophy – we launched SLFF KAIMIN exactly for this. What facets of New York's underground scene make appearances in your garments? The New York underground scene has this alluring aura of the forbidden, with sexier and darker undertones and the sense of a risque adventure that is addicting. During our SS20 show, for instance, we contrasted the primarily bright and colorful collection with a very dark and sexy setting, aiming for the set design to evoke a feeling of an underground party with red backlighting and a minimal, heavy electronic soundtrack. NYC subculture is edgy, extremely diverse, and creative and demonstrates some of the greatest social acceptance anywhere in the world, which really allows me to meld it with high fashion in a fun way. I love working with established as well as cool new, up-and-coming artists and personalities that grew up in this environment— I draw a lot of inspiration here for my design, music, lifestyle, and the overall direction for KAIMIN. The digital world is a key influence to the brand, hence your Fall/ Winter 2019 collection, "2081: CYBER-ORDINARY". What were your main inspirations and references for that season? Our Fall/ Winter 2019 collection explored archetypes of future beauty and was heavily influenced by such films as Blade Runner and Ex-Machina, specifically their protagonists – androids and cyborgs. I'm a total believer in the eventual symbiosis of man and machine.  In large part, that collection was about defeating the mundane and exploring and strengthening that which sets one apart, no matter the era. If today's fever pitch around privacy, sexual correctness, censorship, etc. ever leads to a dystopian control of self-expression, I'd want my clothes to declare: "when the extraordinary is outlawed, only the outlaws will be extraordinary." What's your view on cyberspace and it's distraction from the real world? I think we're in uncharted waters, and we won't be able to properly assess how good or bad this "distraction" from the real world is for a while, if ever. The cyber is already the real. There are definitely multiple ways to look at this, and it's certainly also a generational thing— just look at the debate around "screen time" for kids among young parents and scientists and the interesting arguments presented by media proponents, including Gary Vaynerchuk. All I know is that this is the manifestation of human progress, and there's no way back regardless, but to me, the benefits outweigh the potential hazards. We are now superbly equipped for improved communication and increased input – although, where the quality of consumed content, general overexposure, and the "3-second" wars are going is a different question.  For KAIMIN, Elon Musk's Neuralink can't arrive fast enough! What were your conceptions involving the recent Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, "INTROSPECTIVE PRISM"? This season, our main collection shared the runway with the launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line, which celebrates self-confidence and self-expression. The overall creative direction was influenced by the sub-conscience theories of Sigmund Freud and films like Annihilation, aiming to expose inner fears to release suppressed identity and desires— literal empowerment through self-discovery.  The collection explores two distinct notions for evolution of human form – through technology and through biological mutation. From the outside, the driver is mechanical – artificial furthering of self via machine. From the inside, the driver is bio-spiritual-- the natural furthering of self via selective mutation of flesh and mind— a physical metamorphosis through the unrestrained self. This season's motto is: "Introspective Prism – Refract all versions of self, Mutate desire and identity, Evolve in spirit and form." With our current climate reality, how do you plan to focus the brand on a more sustainable level? Being on the cutting edge is important to us to both achieve a futuristic design and to help push progress, validating applications of new technologies. We always keep an eye on the new tech that has shown promise in helping to lower the environmental impact of manufacturing, and we try to do our part by using many recycled, sustainable, and organic materials, including Better Cotton Initiative fabrics in our SLFF KAIMIN denim line. As we grow, we will continue to place greater emphasis on better production practices, safer materials, and less waste. Explain some of the laser cutting, production techniques, and 3-D print experiments that are implemented throughout your garment construction process. KAIMIN utilizes quite a bit of technology for manufacturing, content production, and branding, including 3D printing, laser cutting, digital art, AR/VR, motion tracking, etc. and we always seek to emphasize our future-forward thinking in our designs. For garment construction, we use some techniques because they create unexpected and groundbreaking visual results, while other methods actually make sense from a time and capital-intensity perspective.  We're pushing the brand's tech boundaries with the "Stratasys x KAIMIN" 3D-Print Denim Capsule Collection— the first time ever an industrial-quality 3D geometry is printed directly onto denim. We designed the intricate CGI geometry, multi-depth opacity, and colormap in collaboration with Fitchwork to make the final print. Stratasys are pioneers in the additive manufacturing space and have some of the most advanced 3D printing technology in the industry, accompanied by an inherent desire to experiment and come up with something new and cool. They wish to make everyday life better by bringing 3D printing technology to a greater part of the world faster and disrupting the fashion realm is quite big on the radar of Stratasys global creative director, Naomi Kaempfer— so what better way to help assimilate and democratize the tech for clothing than with one of the most common garments, jeans! How do you envision the future of fashion norms? I'd like to think that the future will bring abundance and innovation not just in the material sense but also in our culture and thinking, where humans will finally reach total equilibrium with nature, and each other— no prejudices— and KAIMIN clothing is but one way to represent this future. Like everything else in our society, fashion will continue to be transformed by technology, faster and more accessible information transfer, and diverse global audiences. This, of course, means a lot will change in fashion's tangible areas, like materials with never-before-imagined physical properties, more efficient production techniques, the continued proliferation of smart garments, and increased expectations of what clothing should do for the body and mind. But, to me, the most interesting changes are already occurring on the more intangible, creative side. People's unprecedented ability to communicate who they are has opened up new frontiers. In only a few years, social media exposed how varied yet similar and interconnected different cultures' tastes are, and how people of all walks of life can become influential by traversing these different planes. Being skilled in multiple areas has become the norm for many young creatives today, and this 'polymathism' affects fashion a lot. There are so many cross-functional innovators out there, and fashion definitely benefits from this, becoming more interesting and multifaceted.  What's next for KAIMIN? KAIMIN's mission is to keep innovating ourselves and keep collaborating with people that push the boundaries across the various artistic disciplines and product segments. We want to be more cross-functional and would love to do more than just fashion, even if it's in a more non-permanent format like seasonal collaborations. I wish to meet and inspire more people and to learn from them so we can all come up with a never-before-seen symbiosis of unlikely fields that not only is cool but also could change lives for the better and bring signature KAIMIN flavor to people in more than one way. With that said, I hope to continue building our artistic community and form a creative confluence platform – a culture nebula for local and global artists – to support innovation. To that end, we have already established an endowment fund some time ago, via our Zero Zero Project initiative, which periodically disperses funds to help finance targeted projects. And in that same vein, KAIMIN presented the SS20 show in collaboration with Studio 525, an iconic exhibition & event space housed in the former Andrea Rosen Art Gallery in Chelsea, as the inaugural project for Studio 525 Art Accelerator, which has a very similar vision to ours and aims to provide a physical place for work and showcases to artists and the creative community in general. Produced by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: : Franco Velastiqui Art Direction by: Delfina Pia Rey Styling by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Kevin Cheah Model: Cassie Priestley at Next Models. Styling assistance by: Sabrina Aguirre and Mila Sanguinetti  Credits: FW19 KAIMIN clothing, and GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI heels. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. MAX MARA dress, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. VERSACE dress, earrings, and rings and AGENT PROVOCATEUR underwear. ETRO dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, B-LOW THE BELT belt, and NANCY NEWBERG earrings. HALPERN dress, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring, and ERINESS ring. MAX MARA sweater and dress, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. PREEN BY THORNTON BREGAZZI dress, B-LOW THE BELT belt and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings. ALESSANDRA RICH dress and necklace and MIU MIU earrings all available at MatchesFashion.com, and NANCY NEWBERG rings. AGENT PROVOCATEUR slip dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace and ring, ALINA ABEGG earrings, and STATE PROPERTY pearl ring. ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER dress and scarf, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings and ring. PALOMO SPAIN jacket available at Please Do Not Enter, LA, ALINA ABEGG ring, and MISHO earring. Photographer: Vince M. Aung.  Model: Inga Dezhina. Stylist: Mui-Hai Chu.  Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co. & Oribe Hair Care at Nest Artists.  Makeup: Natasha Severino using NARS Cosmetics at Forward Artists.  Production, Photo, and Styling Assistant: Corrine Ciani Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Being Sustainably responsible in 2019 now means making some changes with how designers are choosing their resources. The female founders behind 42|54 and long time friends Elodie Ouedraogo and Olivia Borlee are both Belgian Gold metal athletes, and now business partners who strongly believe in that type of fashionably responsible involvement. It took them two a clean 42.54 seconds to win a Silver Medal at the Olympic Games in Beijing 2008. That Silver medal turned into Gold, when the winning team was disqualified due to a failed drug test. It was abundantly clear that dirty athletes have no place in sports. That’s when the Gold medalists decided they wanted to make a change. “Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes!” The contemporary active label launched its first 100% sustainable FW19 capsule collection  made of plastic bottles and recycled ocean waste. They believe that great design should also be sustainable. The brand teamed up with renowned textile companies who propose fabrics made from a fiber called SEAQUAL and NEWLIFE recycled from ocean plastics to create the new high-end "made from waste" active wear line that asserts the modern streetwear appeal.  The founders make a conscious effort to be an honest and transparent brand, by largely working with local manufacturers and suppliers.  Elodie and Olivia’s next steps will also be 100% sustainable using organic yarns working with GOTS (Global Organic Textile Standards) certified factories, hang tags produced with recycled paper along with recycled fabrics developed with fibers using the oceans waste and plastic bottles. They both are devoted to giving a second life to stock and leftover fabrics from previous productions along with biodegradable packaging. The The fashion-forward duo provide advanced functionality while calling themselves a "100% sustainable company in the way we work, produce, and live." Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. What was your biggest fear about starting your own line? We believe there are a lot of similarities between the world of sports and fashion. It is about being fearless,  following the process put in place while listening to your gut feeling at the same time to achieve the absolute best. It is about taking a leap of faith in yourself, your partner and your idea. For us creating an activewear collection that was high-end, transcendent  and made in honest and transparent conditions Felt like a void that needed to be filled within our community. There was a clear vision, which was bring some fun and fashion back into the world of sports without ignoring the functional and technical side of the garments. When we decided to launch 42|54, a reference to our winning time during the 2008 Olympics, we didn't really think about it as we both love a great challenge. We just jumped, head first.  There was a lack of experience. (We had both been guest designers for other brands, but came quickly to the realization that this doesn't even come close to owning and managing a brand.)  With that lack of real experience sometimes came also the fear of not being taken seriously. In the beginning we went probably over prepared into ever meeting we had. Not only out of respect for the person sitting in front of us, but also because we wanted to show that we were serious about entrepreneurship.  That we understood that there are no shortcuts to success Initially we also didn't communicate a lot about our backstory either. We didn't want to be perceived as two women who were the faces of the brand, while having an entire team waiting in the back to do the real and hard work. From the beginning we sourced every fabric, button, zipper, label or elastic band you'll find in our collection. Through (sometimes) expensive mistakes and failure we learned a lot. And today we are an authentic brand and a viable business because of it. Aside from the activewear, what other sustainable efforts are being practiced within your company? 42|54 has always been mindful of how and where we produce. After having represented our country in the best way possible in sports it only seemed logical to carry out the strong identity and values that Belgium has created with 'The Antwerp Six' in the world of fashion. We worked a lot with local suppliers. This put our brand already at a 50% of sustainability, solely based on the business decisions we made from the very beginning. Last year we were able to evolve in our sustainable journey by replacing already locally created fabrics by sustainable ones. We also adapted our online service by working with Repack. Repack is a company that offers reusable bags. For every bag clients return to us after their purchase, they receive a small discount. We on the other hand can recover the packaging for a new customer. Additionally we switched to biodegradable labels, we don't use plastic bottles in the office and work with a cleaning company that only uses natural and biological cleaning products. All the employees who live in Brussels, where we are based, walk or take their bike to work.  What was the moment or person that inspired you to produce your own line? We have always looked up to and been inspired by strong female athletes and more so in the 80's and 90's. These were absolute fun times where athletes didn't only stand out with their extraordinary performances, but also by the way the dressed on the field. Women like Florence Griffith and Jackie Joyner-Kersee wore leotards, belted bodysuits, one-legged  and lace leggings. They highlighted their personalities with exciting, daring activewear.  But of course we don't have to look too far. We are surrounded by strong women. Our mothers, sisters, friends and colleagues. 42I54 is built by women, who work very hard every day to create the best possible collection for women. Our sustainable mission on the other hand comes from a very personal experience.  We initially won a silver medal during the Olympic Games in 2008. Eight years later that silver eventually turned into gold when that winning team was disqualified due to substance abuse discovered during a large series of retesting.  This had a major impact on the on athletes worldwide. And while many of us became strong advocates for clean, drug free sports we are less outspoken when it comes to clothes we wear while performing. We felt this too has to change.  Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes.  Sportswear made in honest conditions and without the environmental strain it has today. We can no longer only applaud recognition and financial gain while wearing our low cost shirts. Because someone, somewhere is suffering because of it. Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Just for fun, what are your zodiac signs? Aries and Pisces What are you wanting to accomplish in 2020 with 42|54? It has always been our goal to become the brand that serves as today’s personal survival-kit and Wonder Woman cape all wrapped into one fashion-forward label for all women. 42|54 is for the young women we help through our 'Athlete Ambassador Program'. By supporting them with well made performance gear, we support their dreams of one day becoming professional athletes. Often big brands want to see results first and will later support in anyway possible. We believe talent need’s to be nurtured when  personal budgets are insignificant or non-existent. Today we are proud to announce that 3 women from our ambassadors program will participate in next year’s Olympic and Paralympic Games. We are most definitely also the go-to brand for women who like to have something that is different. Today many women try and balance a career, family and personal time. Finding an outfit that accommodates that lifestyle can be quite the search. The idea to have a legging that has the advanced functionality you'd expect from activewear, yet the high-end look and feel that makes it chic enough to wear outside the gym is very appealing to a lot of women. A winning combination we can offer to our women as we can pull from our own experience and expertise. On top of the need to be unique or different, women want to be informed on what they are putting both in and on their bodies today. Furthermore we would like to continue to develop our sustainable journey and dress as many great women in the US as we possibly can.  We had the opportunity to visit LA recently and it is inspiring to see how a city has succeeded into merging sports into the everyday life. It embodies the definition of an 'active lifestyle'. What were your childhood ambitions? Elodie: I always wanted to be a hairdresser or own my own cafe. That was until I realized that being a bar owner entails more than just serving great coffee. Olivia: I wanted to be a florist. I think I have always been inspired by beauty and making beautiful things. In what place are you the happiest? Most productive? The school of Sports is a great one to graduate from. Being professional athletes has taught us many life lessons. It teaches you to be independent,  winning, losing and how to persevere. Through our careers as professional athletes we have had the privilege of seeing a part of the world and experiencing different cultures and people. We are very appreciative that to this day we get to travel for work from time to time and see our designs come to life in our factory. Funnily enough, the traveling in the past also taught us the importance of home. And how it remains the happiest place for us. It is also where we get most creative. Before we were able to rent our own office space we used to work out of the kitchen. Today we still come up with the best ideas when we are surrounded by the feeling of familiarity. So thank God for WhatsApp these days. How do you live a sustainable life outside of the company? It is important to stress that we are by no means green warriors or examples of how to live a sustainable life. But we 100% get the message and understand the urge to react today. We all have different battles to fight in life but we are convinced that with little effort we can already make  a big difference. A few changes that we have made:  -no to fast fashion; buying less clothes and smarter -no more plastic bottles and additionally be more mindful of the use of plastic in general -buying fresh and seasonal fruit and vegetables instead of pre-packed food,  -reusing the same bag instead of buying a new one for groceries,  -sort trash -the use of natural cosmetics -leave our cars in the garage if not needed  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Published for the first time and celebrating 50 years since the works were created, ‘DESIRE’ by Lloyd Ziff documents New York City in the late 1960s. Ziff’s work captures a New York teeming with fantasy and rebellion. The book tells a story of cultural resistance through Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe.  ‘DESIRE’ was the first photo shoot that Patti and Robert had together. The two of them were photographed in their Hall Street Space in Brooklyn in 1968 and in Ziff’s small apartment in the heart of Greenwich Village in 1969. The book features 65 previously unpublished works including street photographs, original contact sheets, and notes that form the history around 1960s New York and the lives of these two iconic figures. The intimacy between the two paints a picture of the city at this time, pushing their icon status aside to view the city with a more personal lens. 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff “I myself never felt comfortable doing anything with the pictures. Then in 2009 Patti phoned and asked me for permission to publish two of the Hall Street portraits in JUST KIDS, the first portraits of them together she noted. 41 years had passed. . . Robert and Patti had become legendary. Robert and I had remained friends until he died in 1989, and I had enjoyed commissioning and publishing photographs of his when I was the Design Director of House & Garden, Vanity Fair, and Condé Nast Traveler in the ’80s. Now it’s been 50+ years since I happened to see Robert and Patti crossing the street near their place in Brooklyn. The photographs we shot then are, as are all photographs, documents of a particular moment in time. They have also become documents of a time when two of America’s most important artists were very young, very beautiful, and very ambitious. It amazes me to share those moments from so long ago today.” – Lloyd Ziff, 2019 100 “Strictly Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff, with a “Limited Edition” signed and numbered C-Type print. 500 “Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff. Available now Photos courtesy of Lloyd Ziff and Avenue Communications  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker. HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  FALGUNI SHANE PEACOCK bodysuit, HARDEMAN chaps, BUSTED BRAND gloves, PLANET I sunglasses, and MELODY EHSANI earrings and DALMATA choker. It’s been just over a year since Doja Cat’s “Mooo!” swept the screens of millions across the globe. And unless you’ve been living under a rock, the American singer, rapper and producer begs no further introduction. With that said, in case you have in fact been dwelling beneath stone, then you should know that the future of music is Doja’s for the taking. With her 2018 claim-to-fame music video sitting atop 50M views on YouTube, and her most recent visual release for “Juicy,” featuring Tyga, breaking 20M in two weeks, the musician’s growth is unshakeable, having cemented her place through sweet sonics and visuals that pack a punch. As she so bluntly claims over the phone from her apartment in Los Angeles, “It’s only the beginning. I feel like I really know who I am and what I’m doing with my next project.” The bovine-style music video released last August would eventually flourish into a viral meme. “I didn’t mean for ‘Mooo!’ to get as big as it did,” she admits. “I had more serious music to put out, I’d been working on so much other stuff, but once I put the cow costume on, I had to do it. It was the only way I could get it out of my head,” she explains. Within days of the abrupt upload to YouTube, the video had racked millions of views. The dairy dreamscape was by no means Doja’s introduction to the music industry. In fact, she had been signed to RCA Records since 2014, after the successful release of her debut single, “So High.” From there, she followed up with several tracks, including “Go To Town,” off of her debut studio album in 2018. “Before ‘Mooo!,’ we hadn’t really gotten any viral hits, or had any hits, period. We were doing okay, but things weren’t at their fullest potential. That was the most significant part about ‘Mooo!’ going where it did—it allowed all my other work to have a foundation and have a pull.” Taking a moment to consider the past whirlwind year, she reasons, “Since ‘Mooo!’ blew up, it’s been kind of non-stop. I don’t know if it’s really allowed me to reflect, but I feel like I’ve refined my style and refined who I am. I kind of have to have the spotlight on me.” MATT SARAFA coat and GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses. MATT SARAFA coat, ABODI bodysuit and boots, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and NOÄ earrings. The spotlight she speaks of shines focused and fixed, with no intention of moving elsewhere, but as a consistent subject of such recognition, Doja Cat has experienced two sides to the coin that is internet fame. Since its inception, the Internet has proven an untamable beast, and the environment it has bred has developed twice as feral. Through public domains like Tumblr to TikTok, and YouTube to Twitter, a vast stretch of subcultures and trends have been cultivated. On opposite poles of this digital sphere, there stands viral fame and cancel culture. It’s no secret that the musician has faced multiple controversies regarding comments she’s made online, and it’s even less of a secret that the public is quick to mobilize on social media. After old tweets resurfaced of the artist using derogatory terms towards other rappers, a rallied audience of critics made it its mission to take her down. Admittedly hurt by some of the criticisms, she reasons, “I’m not invincible, I do get hurt by some comments. I’m not superhuman.” Immediately requiting, she follows up with, “But being raised on the Internet gives me the ability to know how to deal with negativity most of the time.” Then, at once in a final stride, she claims of her presence online, “It’s just a small portion of my life.” And just like that, if we’ve learned anything in 2019, it’s that you can’t cancel Doja Cat. HARDEMAN top, thong, and hat, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and DALMATA necklace. Fresh off the release of a new music video with LunchMoney Lewis for “Make That Cake,” while still riding the success of “Juicy,” she’s traveling cross country for performances and appearances on a weekly basis. In the age of virality, such sustainability is impressive. That said, she’s in no way the first artist to have a viral hit catapult their work to an unfamiliar stratosphere of celebrity, and certainly not the last. We’ve seen fellow musical phenoms like Mason Ramsey and Megan Thee Stallion reap the benefits of a trending tweet and hashtag or two. Could it just be that we’re experiencing the dawning of a new age in music? An educated guess would reason, yes. With democratized media-sharing platforms like Spotify and SoundCloud, there’s been an inevitable boom in bedroom pop-stardom. Not only that, but with the increasing irrelevance of labels across younger generations, classification proves less important in not only topics of gender, but music, too. Lines blur across styles nowadays, with artists coloring the outsides more than ever. In attempts to maintain order through categorical standards, we see the term “Alternative” tacked onto the classic genres we’ve come to know. I LOVE PRETTY skirt. I LOVE PRETTY skirt and BUFFALO LONDON shoes. Prompted to describe her forthcoming record, Hot Pink, in three words, she replies with little to no hesitation: “Too. Many. Genres.” Declining a subscription to any one breed of song, the response points to her exploration of sound, a progression of her euphony, and the future of music. “My last record is a lot different from this one because I didn’t understand what it was to be in the studio and in an environment where there’s a bunch of musical equipment,” Doja shares, candidly. “I was young, I was a teenager and I really didn’t know who I was. My character wasn’t really shining the way it does now. I can tell you Hot Pink is one of the best things I’ve done, the best project I will have ever released.” Then, implored to divulge more about the release in detail, she retracts to the previously implemented three-word limit: “Super, duper, mystery.” So while Doja—who won the world over with an onomatopoeia in 2018—makes a favorable case for the future of music today, her own music remains as ambiguous as it does full of promise. Photographed by: Julian Buchan.  Styled by: Katie Qian.  Hair: Frankie Payne using Oribe at Opus Beauty.  Makeup: Jadyn Ngo using Surratt Beauty and Artisbrush.com at The Visionaries. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj Photos by Steven Klein Think metallic, high-end glamour with a neon pink accent. Think barbie doll in outer-space. This iconic FENDI and Nicki Minaj collaboration is the perfect combination of bold yet sophisticated.  Teaming up with Silvia Venturini Fendi, the duo created the next chapter of the FF Series with a line for women’s, men’s and kids: FENDI Prints On. Nicki is known for her body-hugging clothing and most of the line is just that, but she beautifully contrasts it with leisurewear and classy pieces. With the FF logo covering the majority of the print, this line is nothing but eye-catching.  They took staple pieces that everyone needs in their wardrobe and added their own flare to it such as:  tulle dresses, reversible puffer coats, asymmetric body-con dresses, raincoats with leather sleeves, silver tracksuits, bomber jackets with knitted sleeves and metallic windbreakers.  This collection would not be complete without some daring accessories, and that is exactly what they have provided us. They have everything from sequined bags and fanny packs to customized snow boots and wedge trainers. These accessories will take any outfit to the next level.  They went above and beyond and created a collection that embodied Nicki’s personality along with high-end fashion and street style.  The FENDI Prints On capsule collection will be sold in 52 FENDI boutiques worldwide and on fendi.com from October 14th.  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj   Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj                    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   69 shirt, JEAN PAUL KNOTT pants available at Please Do Not Enter, and NIKE shoes.   Brooklyn born and LA based producer and artist, Kingdom, is bringing back is clubby and unique dance music to the industry. With two new EPs, the first one called “EXTERRA, Vol. 1,” on the way and an album coming in 2020, he is back in the realm of dance music, but keeping true to his innovative style.  All the way from the east coast, Kingdom was booked to perform in LA in the early 2000s, which gave him a foot in the door to the west coast’s music scene. From here, he has continued to expand his musical capacity and does not abide by genres or any type of limitation; with experimental taste and a desire to create, he strives to generate music that he loves and that the audience can appreciate/value.  He was kind enough to join me for a phone interview in which I asked many questions, hoping to find out more about him as a person and his career.  I know that Nacho Nava kind of helped bring you to LA, how did he influence you? I was DJing a lot in New York, but he was the first person to put me on a flight and bring me to the west coast to DJ. I think that the influence he really has is that he was putting people on like me who didn’t have any other shows or have a lot of hype or a lot of press or anything like that. He really just believed in the new talent and was always just so generous with that regardless of how well the show did or anything like that. It was really just like he was excited to put people on and it never seemed like it was something he was doing for his own to serve his own interest. It really was something he was doing for the community in LA. Specifically, influential in creating a really special scene on the eastside of LA. I think most people will associate like the gay scene with the west side, West Hollywood scene, which is so specific and there really wasn’t much going on on the eastside maybe a couple bars, but he was the first to create a really vibrant night life scene that involved art and dance and all different kinds of Djs of all different races, but also it wasn’t just a community vibe, it was also like he was bringing really really good music and reall really amazing performers, so it also drew in just from straight people music fans who knew that Mustache would have more edgy stuff, so it wasn’t just creating an alternative it was also just about quality. He had such a good eye for innovative stuff.  FENG CHEN WANG jacket available at Please Do Not Enter and ALLIGATOR JESUS bracelet. What was it like working with Nacho Nava cause I know you guys were working on a Netflix show together. Working with him was always a pleasure. He was always just so sweet so generous and he was just a great figure and really supportive of my label and my parties too. He would always, without me even asking, support a face of mine or event that I was doing that had nothing to do with Mustache. He was always so sweet. More recently, that’s actually kind of why the music video is dedicated to Nacho because basically I met the video director through Nacho. Nacho put us together in a conference call and basically we started talking and they had planned to bring some type of documentary for Netflix about kind of the more alternative more POC side of LA nightlife, specifically gay nightlife and queer nightlife. It was really just in the early stages of talk. We really didn’t get it off the ground, but Shahana, the director, was gonna obviously be on the director’s side and working on the shots and the camera stuff and all that. They wanted me to come in and add music to it, but essentially throw in some different raves and help bring in music so that we could create some events to film because there’s not, sadly there’s not a lot of footage of a lot of the old Mustache parties. They’re relatively undocumented, so that was the idea, but I think when he passed Shahana felt like it didnt’t make sense to pursue it still. It really was Nacho’s project. It was really just a conversation, but even just that concept was inspirational and meeting the director is kind of what spawned us to create the music video together in honor of him.  It seems like Nacho has been really influential to kind of your start here in LA and the music scene, but has he influenced your work at all kind of like maybe the beats you decide to use or the music has he influenced any of it? Since he’s not a musician or DJ himself I wouldn’t say it’s a direct influence on the actual sound. I’d say he’s more of an influence when it comes to throwing parties and bringing people together in the community and just showing people kindness and more of the things I spoke about a moment ago. Just about the social element of music more than the sound exactly, but I know the sound he likes and I think he had an appreciation for the sounds I work with.  MEALS shirt and pants. How does it feel to be in the genre again? It feels really good. I feel like with my last album Tears in the Club I was in a very kind of like atmospheric moody RnB space and ever since that album came out I’ve been doing more vocal production, working with singers, and I worked really hard launching the new singer that signed to Fade to Mind called Semma, so I’ve been really in that zone of creating something for vocalists and when I’m doing that I sometimes put aside exactly the Kingdom sound and I’m trying to create a universe for the singer that gives them a unique identity. It’s just a totally different assignment. It’s a different thing and it’s a different lifestyle too. It’s a lot of hours spent helping singers songwrite and it definitely tested my patience a lot of the time because I’ve spent quite a bit of time with several vocalists making demos for their projects and singers make hundreds of demos to test their project. A lot of time your beat doesn’t get picked or they go in a different direction or sometimes the vocalist is just caught up in other stuff and they don’t even release something. I might have been so in that world, so it was really refreshing to just kind of stop accepting bookings to do vocal sessions and I think it was kind of a reaction to doing all those vocal sessions that made me really want to just get back into my more ravey, clubby, housey references and it’s kind of also where I started. My first release ever, “Mind Reader,” was very kind of hard, weird, dance stuff, so I’m kind of going back and starting from scratch and starting from the beginning again and it just feels really good. I’m just excited to put stuff that’s more high energy and I’m DJing a lot right now, so it’s exciting to just play things that I can blend and just be kind of weird again cause I think working with vocalists it’s a lot more compromises, a lot more catering to them.  Do you have any inspirations for creating music, like are there any other artists that you look towards to or does everything just come from within? There’s definitely artists I look up to. Sometimes I freeze with the question because there’s so many that I have. I would have to say Rod Lee, Terror Danjah, and Darkchild. YOSHIO KUBO jacket and stylist’s own glasses. Would you ever mix different genres together like if you did RnB and dance music? Or is that something that you’ve already ventured into before?   Even though I do make some fully RnB sounding stuff, I kind of think that’s really what I’m known for even though the new stuff is pretty clubby, but I think you can still hear these little shreds of like the vocal stuff, the vocal samples. I think that RnB element is always there. That’s pretty much my mission, either I’m weaving back and forth or I’m weaving them together just kind of RnB sound with the club sound. For the next volume, I’m making another volume of the EXTERRA series and that one’s either gonna have more of the vocal stuff in it and I’m also working on my next album. I’ve got a lot of homework right now. I’m bringing in more vocal stuff as it progresses from my EP to my next album.  In regards to the vocal production, is there anything you look for in an artist when you want them to be on one of your songs? I love weird vocal textures. I just love when someone has a baby voice or has a strange croaky texture or has certain types of node that they like to hit. Just something that sets it apart because there’s so many people that sound so similar. And someone who’s not afraid of intense rhythm cause I think a lot of singers come from the studio wanting a really simple beat or something that sounds like their favorite, you know, Ella Mai song or like H.E.R. song or maybe a Corella song they heard or something, so I think someone who is down to get experimental and doesn’t mind sampling their voice. I’m especially also just addicted to high voices. I love falsetto. I’m known for working with women, which is my favorite working with female vocals. If I’m working with a guy he definitely has to be able to channel his feminine side. I don’t really like to work with men who wanna sing about the macho shit on the mic like I’m way more into men who are singing. you know explore both sides  MEALS jacket and pants. Do you have a certain process of producing or like how do you kind of create your songs? I’ve always been a drummer, so I feel like when I’m on my own making beats I always start with drums and just playing with different drum sounds and I finally, after years of not doing it, started to create my own drum kits and drum packs, so I have my own custom samples that I’m playing around with. When it comes to singers usually they’ll just freestyle over an existing beat. With Sema, the artist I recently signed to my label, she was one of the first people that I really just improvised with and sometimes she would just come in and she would start singing something first, so that’s a totally different process like kind of working in reverse and working from what her voice is doing.  Do you have any stories of the first time you met MikeQ or Ms. Boogie? This new EP I just put out, EXTERRA, Vol. 1, is kind of a throwback to the beginning of my career in many ways. One of them being that I’m returning to dance music and making just like much clubbier, harder material than I’ve made in a long time, but it also actually has two collaborations with artists that I’ve known for I think over a decade. Me and MikeQ and Shane Oliver from Hood by Air were the three Djs who got booked to DJ this artist named Reshaw Newsom. He had a party for one of his art openings. I had actually been a fan of Mike from MySpace and his website for years already and when I finally met him I just completely fanned out and got to play a track. My set was pretty much like MikeQ and Ivana Lore who’s like another ballroom legend. I basically played all super hard underground ballroom voguing music. I don’t think that Mike was expecting that from me necessarily and actually Mike went out on the dance floor and started voguing and he’s not a voguer, he’s a DJ. He rarely ever actually hits the dance floor and vogue. That was back when we Dj’d on CD so that night me and him like traded CDs and he gave me his CDs from his like case logic and I gave him CDs from mine. Ever since then we’ve been in touch and he’s producing music on my label as well, but he’s kind of hard to nail down and get a studio session with, so I’m just really excited to me and him having a track together 10 years later finally. My very first party that I threw on my own in NY was called “Club Vortex” and it was like in the back room of this art space, so it’s not really a venue at all and they didn’t have any security or anything and I think after the first one the word kind of got around cause you know under age kids are always looking for those very few places that they aren’t going to card, so I think word got around that there was this party happening that wasn’t carding and that was super open and fun and a few friends of mine actually showed up with Ms. Boogie at that very first party and me and her hit it off. She kind of got in a little bit of trouble that night. There was kind of like a little bit of a tussle on the dance floor and I think some wigs got pulled, but it was a pretty crazy night and that was before she was even just vocals, so it’s been amazing to see her progress into rapping and making music and I just love what she brings to the track. Saturday Kingdom performs with an Allstar roster including Bae Bae, BrownSkinHazel, Total Freedom and Uniiqu3 get tickets HERE Photographed by Alligator Jesus. Styled by Ally Nikoltchev Produced by: BJ Panda Bear Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. It was a family affair as last night UGG threw a banger to celebrate their now campaign featuring creatives in fashion and music including Slick Woods and son, Paloma and Ama Elsesser, Kim Gordon of Sonic Youth and daughter Coco Gordon Moore, Sasha and Sergio Lane, and Luka and Clark Sabbat. The event was a dazzling event paying homage to the brands California heritage.  The brand drew inspiration from the #UGGLIFE  campaign family-focused narrative highlighting the relationships and the spirit across generations that brings families together along with inspiring and challenging one another DJ’s and eyewear designers Coco & Breezy curated the events soundtrack. Staying on theme with a musical performance by SoCal local indie punk rock duo/brothers The Garden. UGG founded in 1978 by an Australian surfer originated on the coast of California. Renowned for its iconic classic UGG boot boosted by Hollywood celebs, and fashion editors around the world, the brand has extended into apparel and accessories with recent collaborations with the brands like Y/PROJECT and Eckhaus Latta. The evenings launch also featured the new range of buckle boots that also presented an exaggerated sole and a soon to be everywhere thigh grazing boot. After a dinner at the Roosevelt hotel, we caught up with the mama, muse, and all around bad ass Slick Woods to chat about #UGGLIFE.  Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Did you end up going out last night after the dinner at The Roosevelt? I’m a little exhausted but I don’t think I went out, I think went out went on me. How do you feel like UGG has fit into your life as a mother? UGG has been a big part of my life since the last campaign so we have been linking up. Do you feel like having a child has fit into life of the badass fashion creature you’ve always been known for? Yes, of course. I mean getting into motherhood and being an UGG mom has definitely been a big part of my life. You have really empowered the persona of the badass into this new creation, it’s beautiful. Of course, I had to slip into motherhood very unexpectedly. What do you see in the space between comfort and style? Well, comfort and style has always been missed together. I mean my style in very comfortable. Do you think simple comfort can be stylish? Yes, definitely, I am a little bit mixed with Tomb Raider, with a little bit of Kim Possible, and a little bit of, let’s say, Al Pacino. All together – that’s me What is one comfort faux pas you feel can never be chic? Broke shit… I don’t do broke shit. What is one comfort faux pas you feel we need to embrace more? Probably aristocratic shit. Like real rich nigga shit. I wish we did more of that. Yeah do more of that now! Do you see your son as following your footsteps in the modelling world? Hell no. My sons going to be a police officer or a fireman. And I’m gonna let him do that. Your film Goldie got great reviews. Do you see yourself getting more into film? No, the director was trash but my acting was fucking great. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   BUFFALO shoes. Make way for the newest edition to the female power movement, a DJ from Berlin who goes by Martafakka. With a background in Tech House, Funk House, Hip-Hop, RnB, and Afro House, she curates explosive beats that pulsate through the listener’s body causing them to not only feel Martafakka’s energy in her songs, but also having an almost out of body experience. As well, her expertise in mixing different genres creates a new kind of music and allows for a wide range of people to enjoy her work. Beyond her musical genius, she is an avid traveller, inspired learner, and according to her Instagram, is an animal lover as well. Take pleasure in reading the following interview with the creative genius.   BUFFALO shoes. Who would your dream collaboration be with? My favorites would be Dixon, Honey Dijon and Black Coffee What are you currently working on? And how is the process going? My main goal right now is to achieve the knowledge of producing myself. I have my roots in Hip- Hop and RnB and want to learn now more about electronic music especially tech house, funkhouse… I know that you have performed in Berlin, where would you love to perform next? I would love to perform in Ibiza, Amsterdam, London and New York. What is your favorite thing about performing and your fans? The best thing about djing is when you feel that people are getting exactly into your vibe and enjoy the party. What inspires your specific sound? I already traveled a lot in my life and I have been to many clubs where I got a lot of different vibe and music inspiration. What do you want your listeners to feel or take away from your music? The most important thing is LOVE, LOVE, LOVE and of course amazing energy! People should feel good and free while listening to my music. Its all about energy. What does your music creating process look like? I start with collecting my current favourite songs. After that it goes on with the main part; FIND MATCHING SONGS! It is my goal to combine all music genres with each other. There are no boundaries! Its kind of a process of course. Do you have a specific song that means a lot to you? What makes it special to you? It’s “Dirty Diana“ from Michael Jackson since I was a kid. It always hat something mystic about it…Who the f*** is Diana?!  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   REBECCA VALLANCE suit, ANDREA FOHRMAN earrings, and ANNA-KARIN KARLSSON sunglasses. She might not be a household name in America, yet, but Lila Iké has already taken Jamaica’s music scene by storm. Hailing from Manchester, Jamaica, she sharpened her teeth by performing at Jamnesia’s open mic on Saturday nights. The seaside venue (located in Bully Bay, about 20 minutes outside Kingston), has hosted many prominent Jamaican artists including Chronixx, Jah9, NoMaddz, and Protoje. The latter performer, Protoje, happens to be a Grammy nominated artist and his ears perked when he first heard Lila Iké’s music. He signed her as part of his collective, In.Digg.Nation.  Lila’s friendship with Protoje turned out to be the turn her music career needed. The signing thrusted her into the spotlight, where she’s performed alongside him at Jamaica’s Reggae Sumfest (basically it’s the Coachella for the country) with 30,000 heads in attendance then making her NYC debut at BRIC’s Celebrate Brooklyn! Concert. In 2017, Lila dropped her first official track, titled “Biggest Fan.” She wrote the song for her mother, whom she dubbed her “biggest fan.” The song’s release opened the floodgates for her solo career, with several other songs following suit. Earlier this summer, she performed on Protoje’s song “Not Another Word,” which acted as the biggest track she’s been apart of. After premiering on Rolling Stone, “Not Another Word” has graced Spotify playlists “Dancehall Queen,” and “Dancehall Official.”  While Lila Iké might hold the Reggae universe in the palm of her had, she’s not interested in classifying herself as a Reggae artist. She believes her music is more universal than to label inside a single genre. Flaunt spoke with the rising artist about her humble beginnings, treasured inspirations, and the meaning behind the words Lila Iké.  MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit and JIMMY CHOO shoes. I always like to know what influences an artist when they are writing and recording their songs. Who would you say are your musical influences? My favorite singer of all time is Garnett Silk. I love Toni Braxton, I really love Lauren Hill. All great artists in different genres and different types of music. But my all-time favorite is Garnett Silk. Why would they inspire you? Garnett Silk is my all-time favorite because of what he did for the music I don’t think anybody else did it. I feel like his voice, his style, he had a spiritual thing with his voice. Also, the fact that he didn’t get much time to do what I really think he wanted to do. Very powerful and very spiritual. How he was cut down so early almost makes me take up the responsibility, just make sure my music is on that level.  What’s your intention when performing your music? What are you trying to give your listeners with your talents? When I’m performing, I’m basically giving everything. With certain performers, You can identify with what they are saying. , You can see certain movements in their body, you can feel in your presence that music isn’t something they are doing to make some money. So when I’m performing I’m doing what I’m supposed to do, which is give it all Every artist has a different creative process when writing and recording music. What does your look like?  I search for inspiration, I don’t necessarily like writing with a pen and paper. When going through my everyday life, if a thought comes to me, i’ll whip out my phone and record it. Somethings I don’t record all my inspirations, but it comes upon you and for some people, it comes through like mediation or dancing or going different places. For me it’s all of the above. I like having conversations about different things. like learning as much as I can. I like listening to music, going to jam sessions.  ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER coat and boots, HALPERN turtleneck, and MISHO earrings. You’ve released four singles so far. What’s next? Is there an album or an EP on the way? Naturally, but I can’t say when. I am definitely working on new music.  We will keep our ears open! There’s a lot of musical genres, what inspired you to chose reggae? Is there a connection to the genre which drew you to it?  Personally, I don’t really associate myself with any particular genre, I feel like its a conscious thing. Like a work of poetry. I grew up in Jamaica, where there is lots of reggae. But I love reggae, it’s my favorite genre. I love spoken music, jazz, country music, reggaeton. But for me, reggae music is a part of me.  Are you still based in Jamaica? Yes. Rolling Stone premiered “Not Another World,” which features you working with Protoje and Agent Sasco. Are there any more collaborations coming up which you can tell us about? I recently did a song produced by Izzy which was released on the same day, so I haven’t been pushing it that much. That’s the most recent collaboration I’ve worked on but I’m interested in working with a lot of artists. I’d love to do a song with Chronixx and Koffee. These are things I have in my head that hopefully work out.  You recently performed at LA’s Delicious Pizza for their block party. Are there any more US shows coming up on your itinerary? Not right this minute, the next time I’m in America for a show is in Washington. My friend wants to come perform at his venue. Me, Sevana, a new artist called Jaz Elise, and another artist named Apollo. We are apart of their acoustic presentation. That’s the only thing I’m certain about. October 14th. Where did the name Lila Iké come from? What does it mean to you?  Lila, biblically was coined from my original name Alecia Grey. When I was born people would always shorten my name. They’d call me Leekee or Leelee. Once somebody called me Lila and I was very drawn to that name because I felt like a “Lila”. I made a Facebook account and used it as my Facebook name, it was “Lila Music.” And people started calling me Lila. Before I know it, everybody actually thinks my name is Lila.  Iké, I got that name from a friend of mine I met when I moved to Kingston. This guy had a Nigerian background. He grew up in Africa and said Iké is short for Ikechukwu, he told me that it meant “God is powerful” I grew up in a Christian home, my mom always went to church and believing in a higher being was always a crucial part of our everyday life. And I personally believe that there is something more beautiful and powerful than all of us here on Earth.  I wanted to appropriate this energy, which is the purest form of my music. That’s where Lila Iké came from.  It was great talking to you, is there anything you would like to add? I want people to know that it’s okay for them to be themselves, and they should go for whatever they want if they feel it in their hearts. If it brings them joy.   MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit. Photographed by Nolwen Cifuentes. Styled by Mui-Hai Chu. Hair: Darren Hau using Oribe at Opus Beauty. Makeup: Mylah Morales  at Exclusive Artists.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Autumn Hrubý is the founder of knitwear enthusiast and journal, Hesperios. The carefully crafted, sustainable collections express Hrubý’s philosophy of “quality over quantity,” with garments meant to last a lifetime. An extension of the brand is it’s dedication to classic and contemporary art, literature, and travel, which reveals itself in a biannual anthology— distributed internationally through art-and-design book stores, galleries, newsstands, and museums. This month, Hesperios released it’s third edition of the ongoing journal series, marking the celebration of both established and emerging creatives. From artists to chefs to filmmakers and poets, No.3 is packed with visual references, intellectual nuances, and personal anecdotes that will galvanize any and every reader. Flaunt spoke with Hrubý post-Journal No.3 launch to chat all things Hesperios. HESPERIOS founder, Autumn Hrubý. What’s the story behind the name of your line and literary journal, Hesperios, meaning “the evening star”?  My friend Evan Dando started calling me Hess as a nickname, short for Hesperios. At the time, Glenn O’ Brien and I were brainstorming potential names for my company to be. It was a long process, and he had several amusing options, but when I heard Hesperios, everything just clicked.   Of all the interviews in this issue, who surprised you most, and why?  Miranda Brooks interview. I loved discovering that she meditates with her client before each project to bless the land and ask the spirits for help.  “In Japan there is a standard practice to have a land blessing with the client and architect before any construction begins, to make peace with who has been there before, and to suggest where the spirits can safely wait until construction ends. Once construction is complete, they are invited back to bring love and a sense of being to what was created.”  Visually, how has literature and the art world influenced your designs?  Art and literature have influenced our brand in every possible way. I knew I wanted to make the perfect sweater and cardigan with reoccurring artist collaborations and less common color palettes. And of course, we publish art and literary books, which is at the heart of what we do. This has always been the idea behind Hesperios. Sometimes working with an artist on a particular cardigan will influence the range of colors for the collection, but I usually have a well-defined palette from the very beginning. I often have Maria Sibylla Merian’s books around for reference.   As fashion is the second most polluting industry in the world, how does your brand support sustainable practices? I’m glad you asked. This is a long answer, but it is the most important question I am asked. Hesperios has been called a “sustainable brand,” and I’m not sure what that means or if any brand can be truly “sustainable,” but we are trying, every day. I have set very high standards in the way I’d like to run everything. We are a small team, but we all care and want to do things differently and thoughtfully rather than arbitrarily pushing out more product. I think we’ve had a head start as a new company forming good habits in the early stages, rather than having to unravel detrimental ones later on. Even so, it’s a constant process which requires a tremendous amount of time to research alternative materials and more efficient methods of production.  It was always my intention to create a well-made, high-quality product that would last forever and age well. Our collection began with a sweater; designed as something you can keep as an heirloom— quality over quantity. We produce two seasons a year, with limited releases in between, all of which are produced in low quantities, so we aren’t sitting on excessive inventory.   We also recycle our inventory in a way that I’m proud of. In our last three collections, we selected a few styles from our inventory, like our Gayle or Lou knit tank, and combined them with pleating to create our signature Paloma and Lola dresses. Our collection also consists of a core library of year-round knits, which means we can keep these on our website longer because they technically don’t fall out of style. If we have inventory in a color that hasn’t sold as well, we dye it sustainably. Timeless and well-made products retain their value.  All of our wovens are produced locally in New York City. This reduces the waste of packaging and shipping materials. We try to use as much deadstock, antique, and recycled materials as possible. We will never produce leather, and we’ve kept our material options to a minimum. I don’t plan on using cashmere or wool. We plan to use 100% organic cotton by next year, and we’re also in the planning phase of bringing our knit production in-house, so we are in control of all phases of production.   I wish building a company was just about telling stories and making beautiful things, but this is such a small fraction of what is required. There can be a myriad of factors and variables which influence every decision and sometimes can be overwhelming. But we approach everything with thoughtfulness and integrity in mind.  I’ve been a vegetarian for 18 years, and I’ve always been conscious of my environment. When I was 20, I lived on a permaculture and biodynamic farm in San Miguel de Allende, and when I moved back to the states, I viewed our resources differently. I think this experience has informed my life decisions going forward, and I’m constantly reminded of those lessons. I recently sat through the Earthlings documentary and was completely shaken. It takes you through all the industries that rely on animals and how corrupt so many industries are. After watching this, I wanted to begin taking steps to become vegan. I also became overwhelmed with all the lifestyle choices associated with this decision and that if I became vegan, I would want the brand to be as well. Suddenly, becoming vegan was harder than anything I’ve ever thought about doing, especially regarding fashion. Right now, I am gathering the facts so that it isn’t an overwhelming transition. Leather is everywhere. There is no reason when there are plenty of alternative materials to use for a handbag or a shoe. But then, you also have to be knowledgeable about how those materials are made and the waste or toxic threats they could be creating.   Patagonia has been a big inspiration for my colleagues and me. My best friend, Miye McCullough, is our Director of Operations, and she has a background in Conservation, so we are always talking about sustainability. She recommended a book called The Responsible Company by Vincent Stanley and Yvon Chouinard. It has been my ongoing resource for information. I recommend this book to everyone, both personally and professionally. You can learn from their past mistakes as a company, how transparent they are, and what they did to learn and improve not only their production but practices on a global scale. The bottom line is that it takes a community effort to create change. The book is also a reminder that while mistakes are inevitable, what counts is how we solve each problem.  Everyone on our team has a genuine interest in sustainability. We enjoy the research process equally as much as the creative one. I’ve been a member of an innovative design library ever since we started, which gives architects and designers access to sustainable, biodegradable, recyclable, certified organic materials around the world. They have an actual library you can walk through and scan swatch cards; giving you instant access to suppliers who produce bio-leather from pineapple juice.   I don’t want to turn a blind eye to our ecological crisis. If I’m made aware of something that isn’t right, I will go to great lengths to try and correct it and make it better. But I have to remind myself that it cannot happen overnight.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 Drop 1 launching today, October 8th, Zara aims to release their variations on the here to stay khaki and uniform stylized core pieces. For decades in DIY culture, core basics have been used as representation and a source of visual language to identify rebellion and counterculture. These two characteristics are still used as the main sources of inspiration to highlight individual style and remain part of being unbranded in a capitalistic society. As well as being inspired by figures involved in the arts, musicians, actors, artists, and so forth. Zara is taking classic clothing archetypes with this new SRPLS CHPTR 03 line, consisting of outerwear, shirts, pants, and accessories, remixing them with new proportions, cuts, and sews every release to give a new meaning. This will be the 3rd instalment of Zara’s bi-annual SRPLS collection, showcasing men and women collections as in the past, but for the first time a kid’s line will be available. The collection speaks on the military influenced clothes that have become part of the world’s wardrobe vernacular for the past 60 years in popular culture. Made from premium materials, in limited edition with three releases each season. The collection will be available online and in select stores across the US, Spain, Germany, UK, France, Italy, Poland, Japan and China. Photos courtesy of ZARA Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Gucci has begun accepting applications for the North American Changemakers program, which includes its $1.5 million Scholarship Program and its $5 million Impact Fund for nonprofit organizations, and they have brought a collaboration with DRØME Creative Director Satchel Lee to announce it. The grant and scholarship open call announcement invites young people and nonprofits to apply to be Gucci Changemakers.  Earlier this year, Gucci announced its North American Changemakers Program, working in alignment with the company’s vision for garnering a greater social impact and pushing diversity and equity forward within the fashion industry. The film announcing the open call for applications was narrated by Changemakers Council Co-Chair, Poet, and Author Cleo Wade, and allowed for young people to share their own stories. Wade stated, “Change does not happen in theory, it happens in community. We are bringing the Gucci Changemakers initiative to life by bringing not only funds, but also time, energy, and care to communities that have been historically and systemically under resourced and overlooked for too long.” Both of the programs aim to do exactly that. They give to and prioritize historically underrepresented and marginalized communities in order to allow for the advancement of the youth and nonprofit organizations hoping to create broader change, starting within their own communities.  Learn more on applications and eligibility at www.changemakersus.gucci.com. Photos and video courtesy of Gucci Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   GUCCI jacket, pants, and shoes.  BEN SHERMAN top and pants, BRUNO MAGLI boots. The singer-songwriter and actor Chord Overstreet surprised a lot of his fans when, in 2015, he left behind his acting days on Glee to pursue a career in music. The son of Grammy-award-winning country music singer-songwriter Paul Overstreet, Chord had grown up surrounded by music, which he quickly developed an affinity for. Once he formed his own band, Overstreet, the singer was already opening for Demi Lovato and Nick Jonas on their Future Now Tour. After releasing some well-received tracks, the band came along with their first EP earlier this year Man on the Moon, Overstreet is back with the new track “My Ex.“ Flaunt sat down with Chord Overstreet and discussed his relationship with music, songwriting, and his newest single “My Ex”. I wanted to ask you a little bit about your upbringing. You were brought up by a Grammy award-winning father, you have a music-related name—it’s almost as if it was predetermined that you would be involved with music. It was probably my dad’s way of nudging me out the door with a guitar in my hand. I was the third one born into my family, and there’s three notes in a chord, so my dad and mom had names like that for everybody. My sister’s name is Harmony, like a four-part harmony, and a brother named Nash for Nashville, so everyone’s got a wacky name.  How would you say your relationship with music has evolved throughout your childhood up until today?  My relationship with music started out when I was really young and my dad introduced me to Elvis, the Beatles, and James Taylor. The stuff that I responded to was the lyrical content—songs with a story that helped you stepping out of reality, just being in your head and going wherever the music takes you. Lyrics first for me is where I always go, such as James Taylor and Bob Dylan, guys who were really able to paint a world.  Branching out into your own musical career—did you always want to do that, or was it a more recent decision after Glee?  I always did it just because I grew up around it. When I first moved out to LA, I was trying to get the acting thing going, and I had my guitar—it was always there. I never thought about it too much, I just always did it. I would be writing and I would be playing. Everything I got involved in and it worked always coincidentally had music involved, it kept chasing after me. I also always had the desire to do what my dad was doing. When I was probably 17 and playing football—I wanted to play pro football—I got a knee injury and was on Oxycontin on the couch. I was playing video games and my dad was like “Turn that damn game off and write a song!” So I picked up the guitar and couldn’t put it down.   That’s amazing. It’s good that it stuck, because I remember my parents forcing me to learn the piano at a young age, and I would get so bored by it. But then, the love for music sticks with you. It’s interesting because, when you’re a kid and taking music lessons, you don’t necessarily have the drive and determination —although some people do—to push that as a kid and develop those skills. Thank God that parents make kids take lessons because when you’re older, it’s there. I’m really thankful for my mom driving me to guitar lessons. It’s about having the foresight to see that it would be useful someday. Of course, I saw my dad do it, and he obviously taught me a lot about songwriting. My dad said something interesting to me. He had a rough childhood—he came from a broken home—and yet was always very positive in his songwriting, his message was really uplifting. Somebody asked him where his inspiration comes from when he’s writing, and he responded that he always wrote about how he wished his life was, not how it actually was, how he wanted it to be. I thought that was really cool, to be able to twist anything and make a positive message out of it. I’ve learned a lot from him out of my 30 years of studying him. I was really blessed that he put great music in front of me for me to learn from versus some of the stuff that’s pretty bad [laughs].  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. From all of these influences, how is it that you came to the sound you have now? I have a lot of modern influences even just in production, with the sound and current alternative stuff. Finding your niche within that, going back and taking some older retro production vibes and going in some of that—I would say it came from a lot of trial and error, honestly, just throwing a bunch of things at the wall. I was frustrated with not having a sound, so I went back and listened to a lot of Beach Boys stuff, as well as diving into deep tracks of music, while always wanting to make stuff that lasts for a long time. You find inspiration from the best.   You’re getting what inspiration you can from different artists and injecting it into your own style. Exactly. It’s like I really liked the way they presented that sound, how they had fifty different voices way back then, and just finding your own voice within that. A lot of the stuff I love listening to is just stuff that I want to drive to. Then I did a bunch of tours with just me and an acoustic, that singer-songwriter stuff. That’s a different side of me that is there, but after a while you just want to put on a rock show, you want to have fun, you want to express yourself and do crazy shit and not give a fuck about anybody.  GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and talents own ring. That’s actually what I wanted to ask you about next, about your shift from performing solo to having a band. It makes sense that you did it like your father before with the singer-songwriter aspect, and then you wanted to branch out.  That side of it for me is about expressing your emotions. You’ll to be up there, you’re vulnerable, and pouring your soul out. The band stuff and the energy—the crowd has so much to do with it. It’s such a release to be able to express yourself, and be that big, and be that loud, and to do whatever the fuck you wanna do. There’s such a rush in that, and when you go on and perform, you just black out—from the time it starts to the time it ends. Then all of a sudden I’m going, “Wait, is it over? Did that just happen?” It’s almost like its own drug, which you can get out of the singer-songwriter stuff, but that’s a little more therapeutic, and reliving some dark, heavier stuff.  You also have this support network of the rest of your band with you on stage.  Yeah. It’s fun to be able to make music with your friends, to shake out all of your anxiety, and nerves. I’m not a great dancer, so on stage I can just do the weirdest, craziest, stupidest stuff, and not give a fuck. That’s one of the things I like. That’s the only time you’re gonna see me blow off steam. It’s almost like you turn into a different person, which I love. That has a very similar connection with me that acting does. When acting, you get to disappear for a second. GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and KSWISS shoes. I really like that, because there’s also this other side of performing that’s filled with nerves, and you’re always worried about what people will think. But when it’s right for you, you just melt into it.  Once you say, “Fuck it,” and jump off…The first time I started doing live stuff with a band, I was learning my body, and how I move, and how I do things. But then, once you rip the band aid off and learn to not give a shit, to just have fun and move around like nobody’s watching…that’s the best. Once you can take that jump, it’s fun.  Great. I’m wondering, what artists today would you like to collaborate with if you had the opportunity? I would love to collaborate with Sting or, I listened to a lot of Aerosmith growing up they were probably one of my favorite bands. I don’t know what that would sound like, but probably more so the legends. Just to be able to say I did it and pick their brain. To get into their headspace and see what their creative process is like. Yeah, I’d ask a lot of questions like, “Hey, when you wrote ‘Dude (Looks Like a Lady),’ what was the story behind that? I’d probably be the most annoying person sitting next to them, because I would be asking them so many questions. I find that the process of songwriting is so different for everybody that “What inspired this, what inspired this, what inspired this” might open your eyes to all the things around you that you wouldn’t normally pay attention to.  BEN SHERMAN t-shirt, KENZO pants, and BALLY shoes. Going off of that, I want to ask you a similar question about your upcoming single “My Ex.” The songs on your Man on the Moon EP have a lot to do with past relationships and the effect they had on you. How does this single play off that? What inspired this direction that you’re going in? I wrote this song the next day after running into one of my exes. I ran into her at the bar and she was with one of her friends, and I used to hang out with both of them when we were together. I run into this person all the time, and I ran into her, and every time I run into her she’s with her boyfriend. It’s a little odd, because he’s just a little bit odd about it. We’re cool though, I love her to death she’s super sweet. She started flirting with me a little bit, talking and drinking. To make a long story short, we hung out and afterwards I felt like she was making a move on me—not that I would’ve done anything. Then her boyfriend showed up and the whole vibe completely changed. I found all of this really interesting, so the next day when I went into the studio to write, I started working on the track with my buddy, and in thirty minutes I had the song written. The thing I thought was interesting was, what if I actually did go home with my ex-girlfriend and she left her current boyfriend? I just thought that would’ve been an interesting hypothetical situation, because once you had that relationship with somebody, there’s always something that’s underneath a little bit. You’re always wondering “What if it turned out differently?  When you’re young, relationships end for reasons that when you’re older I’m sure they never would. There’s probably a reason and a good reason it did end. I self-examine a lot of my dating life. It’s an easy thing for me to really look at that while I’m writing.  That’s a positive thing—self-examination, looking at how everything went down and how you can change for the future—it’s a very good thing. It’s very much like therapy.  Like self-therapy almost.  It is difficult to analyze yourself without you running through your own protective filter. When something happens in a relationship, people see it from a slanted view where they end up not being as harsh on themselves as they are on the person they’re breaking up with. Being that way with yourself can be tough.  KENZO jacket and pants. Very true. My final question is, you know how people usually get an impression of an artist whenever they listen to their album or a single. I’m wondering, with the debut album you’re releasing next year, is there a specific impression you want people to get of you, whether as a person or as a musician? That’s a good question. My goal for this next batch of songs is—everybody relates to love, loss, things changing. They might not relate to the exact story, but everybody has felt that way, everyone has had that emotion. Being able to really put out emotions that are relatable, that hard stuff that you don’t really want to talk about, or being able to share the good feelings. It’s about being able to emote and give people something they can relate to.  They end up feeling an emotional connection to it. They have a connection to the music. Even if it is specific to my story. That’s probably the main goal.  That’s probably the main unifier between people and music—the ability to connect with an emotion or lyric, anything about it—it’s great.  It could just be a lyric, it could be something that makes you say “I felt that way.” Even Drake with “Why you gotta fight with me at Cheesecake Factory/ You know I love to go there.” That’s funny, and it’s real. I think it’s genius how specific that is, because you can’t make that shit up.  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. It’s specific enough that you can imagine being in a similar situation. Everybody has got into a fight with somebody at a place like that. Cheesecake Factory is just—I think that’s hilarious. Drake does that better than anyone. Great. That’s it on my part, is there anything you wanted to talk about that we haven’t touched on? We talked about the sound, the inspiration…The one thing I also wanted to talk about…just the…I guess we talked about it. Letting people in and getting a good look at who I actually am and what goes on behind the curtains, what grinds my gears I guess. Especially with this new project you’re doing, it’s a new path, and for people to see that and get their impression of you, it’s really important. It’s new for me, but it’s also thirty years of  my experience in self-discovery, and giving people a look into the reality of where I’ve been and where I’ve come from, that’s really important. That’s great. We very much look forward to your new material.  Yeah, I’m constantly writing, so hopefully I’ll get a bunch of new stuff out there.  Photographed by Jonny Marlow at Early Morning Riot. Styled by Brendon Alexander. Grooming: Avian King using Davines at The Rex Agency. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   A woman with a past containing hardships to a future where she can clearly see what she wants, Diana Gordon is back with her new single, “Becoming” which is all about celebrating hard work, being in control, and having her family by her side. She is a multi talented woman who sings, song writes, produces, and is a visual artist. Diana is not afraid to be herself and through her voice and singing, she has been able to have an emotional outlet. Her music is a mix of rhythmic drums, alternative rock, and dark folk, which create a melodic base for her powerful and captivating voice.  Diana has won Grammys in the past for her songwriting and producing work with many prominent artists, including Mark Ronson, Dua Lipa (“Electricity”), Beyonce ("Sorry", "Daddy Lessons", "Don't Hurt Yourself'), and more.  Her 2018 EP Pure was described by Pitchfork as being, “marked by her striking voice and emotional candor.” Diana has an album set to come out next year and will follow the tone of her new single “Becoming.”   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The high desert has remained as popular as it was 40 years ago to getaway to, when your dad was planning a Joshua Tree trip with his buddies and forgot to pack the trail mix, as well as the good suede boston birkenstock’s.  HWY 62 ART TOURS is becoming one of the fastest growing attractions taking place over 3 weekends in October, featuring 150 artists opening their studios to showcase artwork.  Part of the fun derrives from its self-driven aspect, furtherly explained by Art Tours Director, Bill Green: “The best thing about the Art Tours is that you never know what you’ll discover. With over 30 different categories of art, you might see a tile house followed by an abstract painter followed by a sculptor. You get to choose what you want based on your interest. There are so many different artists here with unique studio spaces that you can’t possibly see them all. It’s a big reason why we went to three weekends this year.” This special desert art tour taking place under the stars will take place this month in October over the spand of 3 weeks.  Weekend Oct. 5th & 6th, the 11th & 12th, and lastly the 18th & 19th. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Photo courtesy Nike. This is what we have been waiting for. In Los Angeles, Nike is coming out with limited-edition Air Max 270 React sneakers and fleece hoodies. Not only are they limited-edition, they are specially-designed by three talented L.A. artists: Sage Adams, Jheyda McGarrell, and Gabrielle Richardson. Each artist used their stories to create a this new collection of sneakers and hoodies, incorporating their unique style and flare. Flaunt was fortunate enough to get to chat with the women, see below.  SAGE ADAMS: The NY Transplant “Designed by artist and curator Sage Adams, this Air Max 270 React is a reinvention of the classic white shoe that Adams saw in her childhood. The shoe comes outfitted with a pizza slice charm to nod to the classic comfort from her home-state, a reminder to pay tribute to your roots.” What inspired you to pursue art? For me the lack of representation of marginalized people as popular visual artists really spoke to a gap I wanted to fill. We needed more than Basquiat, we needed to know Carrie Mae Weems, Kara Walker, Henry Taylor! I needed to see more of a spectrum of the stories being told and mediums used.  Do you feel that art has opened up new possibilities for expression for you?  Art In many ways has taken over how I see the world. Before I started breaking things down into shape rather than how they ‘actually look’ was the moment I began to feel like an artist. It’s opened my mind to an array of possibilities otherwise deemed impossible. I didn’t even think I could draw as a kid. What is the process you go through when curating an exhibition? Do you have a specific message in mind? For me it’s getting to know the artist and what made them make the thing and then it’s how do these things come together to tell the story.  What connects the works, what makes them different from other pieces in archive? What medium? What does the architecture of the actual gallery space look like? Creating an authentic representation of an idea or ethos is one of the hardest and most rewarding things there is.   JHEYDA MCGARRELL: The Homegrown Angeleno “L.A. native artist Jheyda McGarrell’s take on the Air Max 270 React is influenced by her Black and Mexican upbringing. Pops of red pay homage to rose bushes grown in the front yard of her childhood home, while gold accents represent the evolving idea of opulence for Black and Brown communities. Topped off with a cherub charm, a reminder to honor traditions and use the lessons of the past to keep it moving forward.” Questions for Jhyeda Mcgarrell: How does your heritage, as an Angeleno of both Black and Mexican decent, reflect onto your artwork? My heritage is reflected in all of my work due to the heavy impact of it in my formation. The contention of growing up experiencing all these different aspects of culture and tradition is an experience many without their stories ever been told. This specific project in my mind has worked to piece together the different aspects of the different culture backgrounds, that our two cultures share. This shoe to me bridges the created tension of an American landscape. It shows the ways we are one and the ways people like me live between these different ideologies and physical spaces. It bridges the weird black kid in the white neighborhood to the dark skinned mixed Mexican kid growing up with Tias smoothing down their curls and gives us space to just be all our different facets without contention.  What was the most rewarding and challenging part of this process? The most rewarding part in this has been seeing the smile on my mom’s face when I told her I was working on a collaboration with Nike. The most challenging but also rewarding part has been working with an entire crew of people to execute an idea which is still relatively new to me. It’s so beautiful to see all these brilliant, different minds working to make something I once imagined.  What do you hope people feel when they wear your shoes/hoodie? Confidence? Individuality?  I hope when they wear the apparel they feel like they are truly reflecting their highest self. I hope they feel comfortable and free. I hope they feel every good emotion that has been out into the making and the lifestyle behind the creation. I hope they feel loved because I know I do from them.  What qualities do you see in yourself that you know you got from your family? Pretty much everything. My family is completely made up of immigrants and all of the qualities I’ve gained from their strength and preservation in a country against them is appreciated. I have learned love and a desire to improve our lives and the lives around us and to honor heritage. I have learned even the qualities they might oppose in me. I have learned to always crave freedom and to always have a strong sense of self among so many other things.  It is so amazing that you get to work with Nike to be a source of inspiration for many people. What has inspired you, and in return, what do you want your work to inspire in others?  Thank you! It is literally such an honor. I’ve been inspired by everyone around me embodying the phrase “existence is resistance”. I’ve been inspired by the black, the brown, the indigenous, the queer, the trans, the fat, the disabled, the people who make up the qualities most worth embodying, utter freedom of expression and true strength. I hope my work inspires people to follow myself and others in moving forward towards freeing themselves and seeing the value in their everyday life, even when it’s boring, even if you hate yourself, like I did once and still do sometimes, I hope they know they are important.  GABRIELLE RICHARDSON: The Passionate Traveler “Neon meets pastel in a technicolor dream in the Air Max 270 React designed by model and multimedia artist Gabrielle Richardson. The colorway exhibits the dichotomy of the modern-day jetsetter — neon being those moments of movement, and pastels representing the comforts of home. Embellished with a ‘Real’ charm, an encouragement to make creative dreams a reality without letting others restrict your point of view.” Questions for Gabby Richardson: Which place that you’ve travelled to been the most influential, or just your favorite and why? I think the most influential place I’ve ever been is in Cape Town, South Africa. It was beautiful to be in a majority black country, but still felt a sense of disillusion being in a country with such an intense racial caste system. I felt so lucky to be in Africa, a continent that felt so connected to my identity but where I had never been. I met so many young talented South African artists in Cape Town who shared their art with me, and it reinforced my drive to do better to create and facilitate spaces for young black kids globally. What do you want people to feel or think when wearing your design? I want people to feel validated, I want to give people hope. I want people to know, in our constant shared state of anxiety that we live in that there is a silver lining. I used the neon colors because they’re utilitarian colors used often in industrial and emergency settings, I offset the abrasive colors with pastels to give it a sense of softness, and a sheer window so people can show off their personality. I think the real chain is self-explanatory, what you do, whatever you want to do, that shits real, that shits valid, don’t let anyone limit you and tell you that your aspirations are fake. What does it mean for you to be a part of Nike’s limited edition collection? It feels crazy! I As a child I never thought it was a possibility for me to work in the creative world and even more of a ludicrous fantasy to be able to have my own shoe. I think it’s a testament that any dream you have can be built. This journey with Nike has been a really formative experience for me as artist, I have never been so affirmed in my artistry. I was able to direct so many aspects of the campaign from the casting, color ways, and insert in the shoe. Being believed in is a magic that I want to pass on. Everything can be real!! What does travel mean to you? Through my time traveling I’ve realized that I learn mostly through experience. Through meeting people and exchanging stories of each other’s lives, I not only gain an objective knowledge but also broaden my emotional intelligence. A willingness to learn doesn't have to only connote traditional practices of learning, an education can be childlike and involves a lot of falling and getting back up. Traveling allows to see me to see the world for the first time always, everything and anything can fill me with wonder.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    WILDFOX clothing.  WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, JF LONDON shoes, ASOS belt, and KRYSIA RENAI necklace.  WILDFOX clothing and DALMATA necklace and ring.  WILDFOX clothing, B JAMES bag, WOLF CIRCUS necklace, and FARRADAS KNITS clips.  WILDFOX t-shirt and CLYDE hat  WILDFOX clothing, ASOS headband, IMAGO-A belt, and MALONE SOULIERS shoes.  WILDFOX clothing and MISCREANTS gloves.   Left to right: WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, VIA SPIGA shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. WILDFOX sunglasses, MALONE SOULIERS shoes, FARRADAS KNITSearrings, I.O. COLLECTIVE ring, and NORA KOGAN ring.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings.  WILDFOX clothing, TIBI belt, LADY GREY earrings, and MARY MACGILL necklace.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. In a city more rife with wantrepreneurs than we care to truly consider, there are origin stories aplenty. Divided this in two, split that up, and presto! Success! Took the family business and scaled it. Had an invention idea come in a dream and now we're shipping ten thousand units. Was in the right place at the right time. Knew a guy who knew a guy and the rest is history. Often rather boring stories. But how often do you hear of success stories that originate in the club? Business is done in clubs, business is celebrated in clubs, but rarely do you witness material success be birthed in the club. Enter saxophonist and entrepreneur Jimmy Sommers, CEO of Wildfox and 100% owner of the lifestyle brand known for its sun-soaked, sexy California attitude. In addition to being Wildfox CEO, Jimmy Sommers is a partner in top shelf tequila, Perfectomundo, with multi-Grammy winning DJ and producer, Paul Oakenfold, and owns a boutique line of beautifully hand-forged eyewear, very appropriately named Sommers.  Wildfox was birthed over a decade ago. While throwing must-attend parties all over the world, and made in LA units flying fast, the company navigated the economic recession and explosion of e-commerce with a big smile on its face. The birth of influencer marketing across Instagram, however, and a glut of fast, cheap fashion brands, have created challenges in recent seasons, and Sommers is continually seeking ways in which to stay true to how his brand was built and scaled, while integrating a modern sensibility for how fashion is currently consumed. Sommers took time on the deck of his Modern home in the Hollywood Hills, to speak on the changes he's witnessed in the apparel industry, as well as Los Angeles, as well as his only-in-Hollywood story of rising to musical prominence, and in so doing, creating a platform for himself with which to meet the world and explore other ventures. In support is a Wildfox Fall '19 editorial, photographed on the azure hills of Malibu late this summer by frequent Flaunt photographer, Shane McCauley. You found your footing in Hollywood with an exceptional saxophone talent right?  Exactly, being good at something was my way in. The saxophone was my in to Hollywood, in to different events, meeting people. It was a tool. I used the sax as a tool. In college I got a scholarship for it. Then I got to take a crack at LA because I had a reason: to become a professional saxophone player. I was very fortunate to have parents that are supportive and together still, which is rare. They’re my backbone.   And what sort of evolutions have you observed in the music industry over time? The music industry is… well, it’s funny because when I came out here there was something called smooth jazz, and there were jazz and smooth jazz stations. I grew up listening to David Sanborn and Marcus Miller and their style was my key influence. I had gigs all the time. But that’s changed and so has my music career. I used to go on tour all the time. So, the radio stations changed their formats and then comes Hip-Hop. When I was out here recording, it was Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg and Tupac and that era, which was cool shit—it still is cool—but now it’s a whole new and different thing.  You actually mentioned you recorded with all manner of artists at the time, like Tupac himself? Well it just happened that Dr. Dre and Tupac’s engineer lived in my house on Sunset. That’s how it came to be. All of the sudden I was exposed to this music, so then I was playing with them… What’s interesting is that when I was out here, I played saxophone at the China Club, and the China Club is where all the musicians came. I played with Prince, I played with the Kal David band. Rick James came to play. I was immersed with all these great musicians. And what was the sort of lightning bolt moment that deepened your involvement? I was a guest at a part of John Paul DeJoria’s house, the guy that started Paul Mitchell. I was at the bar drinking Patrón with Rod Stewart, who I had just met. We got to laughing and I said, “Rod, let’s go play with the band. I’ve got my sax in the car.” I went to get out my sax and next thing we’re on stage with the band. And that’s where JP was like, ‘Wow, you’re great.’ I didn’t have a record deal at the time, but he was like, ‘How can I help you? Come to my office.’ So inspiring. So I end up playing his gatherings where ten thousand people come, all his hairdressers. He puts a package together, about a hundred and fifty thousand CDs, and distributes them at the salons, which was a catapult to me getting a record deal. It was outside the box, and that really helped me stand out from the rest. That’s what he does. He builds people up. All of the sudden, when my record was done, all of the record labels wanted some. That’s when I ended up getting into the record business with Universal. They pushed me because JP believed in me. And what a vision. He actually started Patrón Tequila 29 years ago, sold it for five billion bucks. And what is he doing now? Giving back. He’s doing great things, and he’s always done that. Doesn’t just go buy a yacht or whatever. He’s such a humanitarian. The guy is just too good to be true. WILDFOX clothing And now you’ve launched your own tequila brand, Perfectomundo? My best friend met someone that owned the best distillery in Mexico. He said ‘we have the best blend of Tequila,’ so we decided to make it. We ended up collaborating with Paul Oakenfold to do Perfectomundo tequila, which is the same name as Paul’s label. It seemed like a good fit. It’s nice to have a business with friends that you can enjoy. We started it a couple years ago, and it’s doing great, and God damn you should try it. It’s delicious! Tequila’s growing big time. And ours has been rated in several shows and tastings, it’s won a lot of awards. The problem with these big tequila companies is they can’t make it fast enough. So they pump it through, and it’s not as good anymore. Being a boutique brand, it’s small batches, and extremely good. Has LA changed a lot to you since coming here? Oh man, in so many ways. To start, there was no bottle service. You’d go out, it wasn’t all the phones with the cameras. You’d go out there, you’d talk to people, not everyone was staring at their phones. That’s just in general, not just LA. But it’s not the same as it used to be. It still is beautiful. It’s still got talented people. Beautiful beaches, you know, beautiful hills. I suppose it’s just that technology has changed.   And how did you make the music to fashion transition? Were you inspired by something in general? Being in that circuit, going to Paris, seeing all that, the fashion shows and having friends in the fashion business was major. And what goes on in London, Paris, Milan—it's so different. Music propelled me to go and experience the world and fortunately enough there came an opportunity to get involved in something else. I knew what was going on in fashion, I was going to the trade shows, seeing what people were doing out there. And to put a different spin on something was key. These two girls came and pitched an idea, something different with a t-shirt company. Oversized, different shapes, something completely different. That’s when we first launched Wildfox. And of course it blew up. Was there a key moment in time? A couple girls came to me with an idea. I said as long as it’s the coziest, softest material, I’m down. That’s what I was going for—the best materials with the right washes. But, we couldn’t even get into the majors, because we had just started. One day, a friend, Alessandra Ambrosio, said, ‘Jimmy Sommers, I’ll model for you. I’ll put your clothes on and I’ll take some pictures. But you do it! You take the pictures.’ So when she was in town, I threw the T-Shirts on her. I had never done this before, so I went to Samy’s Camera and said, ‘Give me your best camera.; It was a 5D and I said, ‘Well, what do you do? I’m shooting a Victoria’s Secret model, what do you do?’ And they just go, ‘Yeah right, sir. Just put it in auto.”’ So, I bought the camera for five grand and went and she put on all the shirts. Then Alessandra was like, ‘Well you can’t use these because Victoria’s Secret is going to get mad.’ So, I said, ‘Ok, of course not, I won’t use these.’ Then, at the trade show, I blew up the biggest photo of her, which was overlooking the whole show. People took notice, and the first order I got was a $60,000 order from Kitson. And I go, ‘How did you see us over here? We’re not even in the main show!?’ And of course they said ‘well, we saw that poster of Alessandra.’ Of course, I was in debt, so it was so great. Alessandra was the key thing. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. How would you describe the identity of the Wildfox brand, how it came to be a force? I’d say along the lines of, ‘Oh, that’s the brand with the softest material,’ the funny sayings, ‘celebrities wear it’, that sorta thing. As the current Wildfox CEO, I ensure we make all our clothes in LA, and it’s great stuff that’ll last forever. Quality. Any person that has a shirt since we started is still wearing it—I’m wearing one right now. They’re out there and they’ve got a frickin’ Wildfox—especially in LA and New York and London—they have something of ours in their closet. Now these other brands come, these fast fashion brands that have Internet money, and it’s cheaper clothes. And there’s all this paying people to wear stuff. We never had to do that when I started. And there’s a lot of that now. Yes, and the mimicry scales so fast. There’s a lot of copycat brands, but what can you do? Just be original. When I started as Wildfox CEO, we thought simply: let’s make t-shirts like butter. The softest t-shirts ever. People say that our first shirts are like fine wine. They just keep getting better and better. They don’t fall apart. Now we have to keep evolving and doing other things. From dresses and higher fashion stuff. Everyone still loves a good shirt and sweats and loungewear, but you have to watch where the world is up to. And now we’re all watching each other on little screens? Yes! Instagram wasn’t around when we started. In fact, we were one of the first accounts to get so many followers. Now, everyone’s influenced by it, which is kind of sad, because it can easily get carried away. It’s good to get these people’s support, but you know… these influencers have so much coming to them. If someone likes a brand, they’ll wear it and talk about it. I talk about a lot of things I like. But, like, one post? It’s not sincere. Left to right: CLYDE hat, JF LONDON shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. CLYDE hat, HARDEMAN shoes, stylist’s own socks, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings. And have you felt tested by owning a company, dealing with the ebbs and flows from the top? Of course. Having a company, you’re working with people, spending more time with your colleagues than anyone. It’s nice to do special things and, hey, if you can be successful and be funny as a company, isn’t that great for everyone involved? Me, being an artist, I get carried away a little and spend too much, and it catches up. This month we are restructuring our offices, tightening up my business. Now we have all these incredible new designs, and there’s excitement at first, then a little stagnancy. Like a relationship. You have to keep tooling and pushing. And do you feel the trajectory is normal for a brand, like a cycle, or is Jimmy Sommers’ Wildfox different?  There are unique circumstances to Wildfox and then much of it is normal high’s and low’s for any brand. Looking back, when you’re rising every year, a lot of big brands would call me and I gave them the middle finger because I thought everything was going to keep going up. ‘I don’t need this, everything's fine.’ But sometimes you do need someone to come in and give some help. It’s been my strategy to stay a one hundred percent owner, but I'm always looking for a strategic partner who can grow it bigger and bigger. You’re always hearing about the pitfalls of growth in the fashion and apparel industry. Any truth to that? You get cocky, but, you know, the consistent factor is you always need some really good people around. I’m still dealing with people that I find out they were faking it. It’s like, what was I doing for the last seven years paying you a hundred and twenty grand? What were you doing? Because I love it when people leave or go and you don’t even need to replace them. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. And how about outside insights or consultation? Not being from this business, I’ve hired a lot of consultants. I’ve figured out that they’ve told me everything I was already doing. With consultants, I’ve learned they’re typically the failed CEOs of their own businesses, or CEOs that got fired, and they want a lot of money. Every consultant I’ve taken aboard hasn’t changed shit. They’ll move certain things around and they’re just shuffling papers. They’ll come in and paper shuffle, and it’s like ‘Oh my God, how much money am I spending?’ So perhaps it’s more in the creative structure? Who at this stage might you think to be an ideal partner? It’s got to be a funny cat. Look at Pharrell! He’s got all this crazy music, he’s great. We’ve met a few times and once I was like, ‘Aren’t you doing fashion?’ and he named four different companies. Wow, what a talent. So someone like that I’d like to get in the mix. New approach on creative ideas. Even Nike does all these things. Collaborations are big business these days. It sparks energy into something, so I’m looking for collabs and there’s a lot of possibilities. Jimmy, aside from being Wildfox CEO and tequila entrepreneur, how about your personal trajectory? Any excerpts from the book of life? All you can do is just learn from life and other people. But you have to trust other people so you truly can learn from them. And that doesn’t always work out, but you have to try. ‘If you look back,’ my father used to ask me, ‘would you change anything?’ You know what, no I wouldn’t. But maybe I have to say that because my father asked me! And how about music? You’re still keeping an eye on the scene? I’m always supporting new artists, as I was one back in the day. Lately I’ve been signing country artists. I know how it is, it’s tough. So it’s nice for me to help out other people, and not just for one song. You have to throw a lot in there and see what sticks. I did that with my music. I worked on three albums at once, and could never finish anything! But then I’d be putting together a record in Chicago, and I’d meet someone and they’d be like, ‘Let’s have ten songs in three months.’ And I was like, ‘Wow, that works.’ Deadlines are important! CLYDE hat, TIBI shoes, IMAGO-A bag, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace. And you’re building a studio up here in the Hills? It’s pretty amazing, the sound. I have a great sound system up here, and you can really hear when someone knows how to record, or mix. Man, that’s a big deal, the mixing. My favorite place to create is like this, where something sounds good. You know, in the Hills, in the studio. That’s why Tupac and everyone used to roll through back in the day! I had a recording studio! That’s why I’m building a new one up here. It’s a special spot. When you’re first in the Hills, you look out there and you’re thinking ‘Wow, I wanna move out here.’ And so I’ve always lived in the Hills, from all the way around. Like seven different houses, and I finally bought one. I look out, and I see the city sparkling, and all those people and their lives from here to as far as you can see, and you’re just on top of the hill, on top of the world. It feels frickin’ good, and it still does. And how’s it all going to land? What’s the big picture look like? Well, it would be nice to have a great relationship, and kids, and this and that. But who knows? Let’s just say I’m gonna die however, but with a smile on my face. Peter Fonda just passed away, and you know, his sister Jane, that’s what she said, that he ‘passed but he had a smile on his face.’ It’s like, have a good ride, because we’re not here forever. Photographed by Shane McCauley.  Flaunt Film Directed by Lucas Chemotti. Models: Dani Dolinger at LA Models and Patterson Wells at Visions Models LA. Styled by Britton Litow. Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co and Oribe at Nest Artists. Makeup: Cedric Jolivet using MAC Cosmetics at Lowe & Co. Manicurist: Lisa Jachno using Chanel Le Vernis at Opus Beauty. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019 The contemporary jewelry line, AGMES, is the brainchild of Morgan and Jaclyn Solomon. Each collection is influenced by facets of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art. The geometric and sculptural, metallic silhouettes reflect modern heirlooms, meant to last a lifetime. Handcrafted in New York, the sisters provide local jobs and utilize recycled metals, which is central to their code of ethicality. With the release of their Fall 2019 lookbook, Flaunt spoke with the Solomon gals to chat all things AGMES. Tell us about the inception of AGMES. Morgan Solomon: We hadn’t anticipated starting a line together years ago, it all happened naturally and kind of fell into place this way. I was working as a buyer at Bloomingdale’s at the time but always felt like something was missing in my life. After catching up with an old friend, I was re-inspired and decided to pursue jewelry design full-time. Meanwhile, Jaclyn had just resigned from her job as a sweater designer at Proenza Schouler. She had planned to take a little time off, but as I was getting ready to launch my first collection, I was asking her for more and more input. It started out with small projects, to larger projects like producing our first lookbook, and naturally led us to form a partnership. What aspects of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art inspire the geometry of your designs? MS: Our collection is very sculptural in nature, so we’re often inspired by sculptors such as Jean Arp, Henry Moore, and Barbara Hepworth, to name a few. We’ve also been greatly inspired by the designs of Charlotte Perriand, Pierre Jeanneret, and Mies van der Rohe. For our most recent SS19 collection, we drew from Ellsworth Kelly’s plant drawings. What dedications has the brand made in regards to sustainability?  MS: Sustainability has always been very important to us, but we feel that now more than ever, it’s crucial to keep our environmental footprint as small as possible. There is so much waste in this industry, and we think it’s our responsibility to make sure we’re not adding to the problem. All our products are made locally in NYC, which helps keep our carbon footprint small, and we use only recycled metals for all our jewelry. Any excess metal that hasn’t been used in our jewelry is melted and repurposed for new pieces.  Jaclyn Solomon: We recycle and reuse everything we can. We’re always bringing in bubble wrap, packaging materials, boxes, etc. from packages we receive at home so that we can reuse them instead of letting them go to waste. What are some of the ideas and concepts behind your Fall 2019 collection? JS: We drew from one of our favorite pieces from the existing collection, the Gabriela Bangle, which we had hand-formed from clay. We love the weight of this piece, the feel of it, and the look. So we wanted to continue playing with this sculptural hand-formed look, but play with the proportions and symmetry further. Most of this collection came from pieces we hand-formed from clay. Do you have a favorite piece from the collection? JS: My favorite is the Gabriela Hairclip! MS: I’ve been wearing the Medium Celia Hoops almost every day lately. And I’ve also been wearing our Domed Ring layered with the Cara Ring from last season. I love being able to build off the styles I already have.  What’s next?  MS: We’ve only just begun expanding into the accessories category – first jewelry, and then we introduced some home and hair accessories. We’ve been exploring the idea of expanding further into these categories, in a way that stays true to us – beautiful organic forms, all of which will become modern heirlooms and embody a sense of timelessness. Photography: Arno Frugier Creative direction: Ashley Helvey Model: Audrey Marnay Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Perverze is the burgeoning Tokyo-based, avant-garde street label taking off in global proportions. The brand is comprised of an on-going collaboration between creative visionaries in Japan, and founded on the retro styles of the 80s and 90s counterculture. Despite the decline of fashion retailers in recent years, Perverze is one of Japan's fastest-growing fashion startups. From shredded knits to tailored coats and bucket hats, the brand champions it's vintage aesthetic with modern functionality.  With recent media frenzy, Perverze has teamed up with Assembly NY to launch it's official U.S. presence. Starting November 15th, the Fall/Winter 2019 collection will be on display in New York's Lower East Side for a month-long showcase. Although this pop-up will be brief, Perverze has no plans to slow down any time soon. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On a mid-fall afternoon, Graham Tyler and I sat down at the High Line Hotel. Surrounded by its collegiate gothic-style architecture and mid-19th-century mementos, we reflect on the time ambiguousness of it— much like his work. Once a student of sculpture and millinery, Tyler found his craft somewhere between bespoke and ready-to-wear, although, he’s not the typical trend-leaning, Instagram-hype designer we’ve become accustomed to. Rather, he’s more introspective, and frankly, unparalleled in his skill. Blending Renaissance, Edwardian, and Victorian silhouettes, Graham modernizes each garment reference through a contemporary lens. In conversation, we spoke of his interests, inspirations, and career from past to present.  How did you decide to study sculpture at Cleveland Institute of Art, and how did that lead you to your millinery apprenticeship with Marta Glazen? I started with painting, and my work was about the body. When it came to actually choosing my major, I ended up going with sculpture because I was more interested in tactile 3d works at the time. And again, I was making a lot of things about the body. From there, I realized I really wanted to learn a craft and wanted to have a skill— a real solid craft skill set. I was looking around at what would be of interest to me, and then I became kind of obsessive about really fascinating textiles. So just in happenstance, I found a woman in Cleveland that was taking an apprentice. Her name was Marta, and she took me in very kindly, and it was very intense; it was about two years with her. Two years, for five, maybe six days a week. I learned a lot from her. She's worked with everybody, and she was wonderful.  How did you decide to switch from sculpture to hats to ready to wear? I was making headwear for a lot of different people in New York, from stylists to runway to a lot of nightlife personalities. People would constantly ask me, "Can you make a garment to go with the hats that your making?" So I thought that I probably should learn how to make clothes. I was making a lot of clothing and headwear. Then, some of the designers that I was working with for their own lines  said, "Just start your own thing."  You went on to make custom headwear for Lady Gaga, Barneys NY, Adam Selman, and Polo Ralph Lauren, to name a few. What were those experiences like? Ralph Lauren for Polo was a full-time day job, and I was doing headwear. That was a really great experience of learning the ins and outs of a brand and how a brand functions at that scale. It's especially nice to work at a brand with such a specific aesthetic. When it comes to celebrities, I work with a few different stylists and such. I largely work with Zaldy, who is a big costume designer. He used to be the designer for LAMB for Gwen Stefani. I worked with him, and it's a really great relationship because he can transfer the information and the aesthetic that they're looking for quite easily. Celebrity work can be tricky because we both come to the table with totally different aesthetics. So I try to translate their thoughts and their words through my hand, which can be kind of a tedious process. It's a lot of give and take on that, but in the end, it's fun. Speaking of costume design— have you ever considered crossing over into that category? I mean, I now understand why Christian Lacroix decided to be a costume designer. Because there's a lot more freedom in that— I don't think I would, because I don't feel that my clothes and the topics that I'm discussing in my work translate well on stage, so I probably would never become a costume designer. None of my clothes have any historical accuracy. I'm usually re-cutting a historical garment into something totally different, or I cut a jacket as a shirt, and I cut a corset as a jacket. I kind of am shifting and re-translating and re-curating things. Your silhouettes are a modern and original take on historical fashion with an emphasis on curved seams, leg of mutton sleeves, corsets, suit vests, and so on. What era's in fashion do you find most influential to you? And do you see a resurgence in antiquated-style clothing? I think the world is consistently reflexive. I think that that is relevant to me. I do see a resurgence in— at least currently, there's a lot of Victorian and Edwardian references transpiring. Especially with puffed sleeves, these are quite popular at the moment. The most recent collection was largely about Mary Shelley and her husband and the Pforzheimer collection at the New York Public Library, which focuses on 1819 to 1845. I mainly stuck to that time period as to the corsets, jackets, and shirts that I was cutting— I was referencing those styles. My work blends Renaissance, Edwardian, Victorian, and some extremely contemporary styles of cutting so that things never feel historical, and they never feel contemporary. They always feel like this very time ambiguous work, which I think is a new way of making clothes — to be very time ambiguous about the way that you're working. Overarchingly, people describe my work as being very Amish. I definitely take that as a compliment, just because I think I cut very graphic shapes, but with very tactile textiles and very hand ROT textiles- and that's kind of an Amish practice. The wonderful thing about Amish is that they look the same today as they did, and they do still.  Speaking of your SS20 collection, "The Origin of Failure," what's the meaning behind this title? It's a long, drawn-out situation. Though the collection was about the Pforzheimer collection and Mary Shelley and her husband, it also was in tandem with trying to figure out what contemporarily is a Romantics approach to making things. I was really inspired by glitch art — also, the act of being romantic about pixelated data. A lot of the prints were all glitched out. I was glitching the images with the love letters. I was typing the love letters into the code of the photos and glitching them through that by putting too much data into the back end. So the long drawn out part of it is that there's only one real piece of critical academic writing about the glitch art that's called The Aesthetics of Post-Digital Objects, I believe. It refers to a glitch as the origin of failure. I was really fascinated by that term. Also, it's terminology as linked to Mary Shelley's obsession with failure in her book and most of her literature, but especially in Frankenstein. What were some of your other points of inspiration for the collection?  I was looking at one specific love letter, which is dated August 23rd — my birthday, that Mary Shelley's husband sent to her. Then when he passed away, she rewrote it, and the rewritten version is at the library. That was the main graphic, and then I referenced for the styles that I was cutting a few original Parisian fashion magazines from the early 1800s, these little women's books. Then a diary-slash-entertainment book that a woman named Anne Wagner kept, and I created a dress using her entire book that I reprint. That dress now will be in the permanent collection of the Phorzheimer. They have bought it, and it'll be the only piece of contemporary clothing that exists in their archive, which is really wonderful. Those are the main things that I was focusing on visually.  Do you have a favorite piece from this collection? The jacquard triptych. The three-piece suit that had their love letters and embroidered into it was my favorite look. That garment is made with this new technology that I'm working on with a computer weaving company in California to be able to create jacquard garments with no wastage. That's how the Mary Shelley corset was also created. They normally create a lot of wastage to make that work.  Art plays an innate influence in your work. Do you prefer antiquity or modern art? It's a big mix in between. I don't think there's an art style that I don't like for the most part, but I'm not a big Surrealist fan. There are a few artists that I'm always thinking about, but I only look at historical art when it's when it pertains to a specific topic. I know the Smithsonian Institution in DC was an important gallery to you growing up. What's your favorite museum today? As a child, we went to that museum almost every summer in DC. There's a Vermeer room that was important to me, and the room about Alexander Calder in the Modern was significant for me as a kid. The feeling of uncanniness inspired me in his work. I recently went to the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum. That was probably the most fantastic art experience I've had because it's really beautiful to experience art of that nature and of that caliber on non-white institutional walls. What are some of your favorite art movements and painters? My favorite artist is Joseph Cornell, who created these incredible little boxes filled with objects. He dealt with melancholy, nostalgia, and love in the same way that I do. I have a soft spot for miniatures and small works of art. I am more inspired by the underpaintings of paintings than I am of the paintings themselves. The color palettes from my work are based on Versailles' underpaintings, which are black and white paintings that they do before they do the painting on top. Any of the artists in the Baroque time period did that a lot. I look at Baroque paintings and Baroque unfinished works of art quite often. I also look at Jasper Johns work a lot. Currently, there's an artist Jefferson Hayman. He's a photographer, and he does these really beautiful little photographs that are my current obsession. Your last two collections have focused on the use of muted colors. Why are you more drawn to grays and blacks, and do you plan on reintroducing color in future collections? I'm partially color blind, and managing all of those colors was very hard for me. I realized I was in a very different place at that point in time. The short answer is no; I won't be going back to color. I consider those first two collections iterations of me attempting to figure out what I wanted to make. Then the most recent collections are me telling the world what I am making and what I am planning to continue to make. Gray, black and white will always be the base, and I will softly incorporate beiges and taupes and rusts, and some kind of soft lilacs. Everything else will stay rooted in those colors. I also like that you could, in theory, take any piece from those collections and moving forward be able to put them together because colors will always match up. I think that's important for the people who look at the clothes and also wear them. How do you achieve your impeccable tailoring? What's your trial and error process like while developing silhouettes each collection? My suits are sewn by hand. They are quite meticulously sewn, and I make all of the patterns and samples.  I keep everything really structured, largely just because I'm drawn to those really aesthetic lines. It was more so a very long learning curve to have to teach myself how to sew a suit like that. I was looking at a lot of old designer suits who made stunning haute couture suits. That's where I learned how to make the ones that I make now. So what's next?  I'm launching e-commerce in the next month or so with some of our core styles and shapes. I am really focusing on the dress shirts. That's kind of everyone's favorite item from us. I'm currently in the Elaine Gold Launch Pad program, so lots of things to come through the CFDA and the EGLP. Then I am already starting the textile development process. The process is very long, and we create entirely new textiles every season, almost every textile is exclusive to the brand. I'm in the process of ideation and also agreements between what collection I'm going to be allowed to use next. There's a lot of logistical things with these collections, so I'm working on what collection I'll be using next. Clothing: Graham Tyler ‘The Origin of Failure’ Produced and Directed by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: Jack Belli Styled by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Mia Varrone Model: Inga Dezhina at Supreme Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Veronica Vilim, Luka Sabbat. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Frida Aasen, Laquan Smith, Daniela Braga, Robin Holzken. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Lion Babe. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Beau Jangless. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  LaQuan Smith. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Aamito Lagum. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA Photo by Avi Gill Last Thursday, New York designer LaQuan Smith and cherub denim brand, Jordache, celebrated its capsule collection at Cipriani's private club, Socialista. Elsa Hosk, Luka Sabbat, Danielle Herrington, and Elisa Johnson, to name a few, sported their Jordache x LaQuan Smith looks as they wined, dined, and grooved to an impromptu performance by Lion Babe. The collaboration, displayed in Smith's Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, is inspired by the NYC nightlife, offering a fresh and reinterpreted version of Jordache's playful denim silhouettes. To view the full collection debuted in LaQuan Smith SS20 click here. Photo by Avi Gill Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Kelcie Schofield is the founder and designer of the contemporary clothing label, CIE Denim. Conceived in 2018, Kelcie fills a gap in her industry by reusing and reworking pre-existing denim as well as solidifying a new and less toxic manufacturing process. Whether it’s restructured silhouettes, deadstock materials, or Naveena Mills’ cutting edge Horizon fabric, CIE represents the future of manufactured denim in our increasingly destructive global climate.  In addition to responsible garments, Kelcie melds this effort with creative design applications— each piece one of a kind. With flipped pockets on the ankle hem, an upside-down jean fit, and color-blocked seams, each design reflects a unique twist on traditional denim norms. Post Spring/ Summer 2020 presentation, Flaunt spoke with Schofield to discuss the past, present, and future of CIE Denim. Tell us about the inception of CIE. CIE was started from our two core silhouettes - our upside-down jeans and shorts. I wanted to create an item that made heads turn (literally) but could also be worn day to day. How do you aim to be a new and unique voice in the industry of denim? Every piece we come out with should have something that gives it an extra spark. We’re here to make unique investment pieces that you feel good about buying.  How do you view sustainability as an essential component of the current fashion climate? That’s exactly how I view it - an essential component. Sustainability, for me, is a non-negotiable for any new business to find success in the current climate. Since I launched CIE in 2018, there has been a noticeable change in the industry and how customers view their clothing.  What are your efforts in regards to sustainability? Explain your “slow-fashion” philosophy. I have two sustainable mediums I work with right now. The first and the essence of what built CIE is reworked vintage. Even for our knits, we reworked Hanes T-shirts. Using fully recycled materials creates an exciting challenge for each style that I enjoy working through. For the sustainably manufactured denim that we source through Naveena Mills, we do fully “new” jeans made entirely from the Naveena fabric as well as combining the new fabric with vintage materials.  How do you believe denim will evolve in years to come? I think sustainability will continue to be a driving force in the denim industry. My hope is that companies established and emerging will embrace responsible practices. It’s slowly transitioning, but it’s not quite there yet.  What’s next for CIE? More learning and growing! We plan to push the brand into unexplored territories, whether it’s new materials or new silhouettes.  Clothing: CIE Denim SS20 Photography by: Phoenix Johnson Model: Lyn Hersh Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli. Creative director Wil Beedle hosted an event in honor of AllSaints 25th anniversary.  Accompanied by musical guests such as Flaunt Fave Arsun Sorrenti, the night was a classic celebration at Chateau Marmont’s bungalow 1. Hoards of the coolest kids hung out chain smoking by the pool while a DJ set by Hateboy got the rocking crowd weirding out to some house tracks. The influence soaked crowd included Ariel Beesley, Bec Adams, Ally HilFiger, Amanda Steele, Eddie Mitsou, Gavin Turek, Finneas, Kate Parfet, Kilo Kish, Marta Pozzan, Rainsford, Salem Mitchell, Sara Cummings Zach VIlla, and a host of other Beauts. Photographed by David Vassalli. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The contemporary retail concept, Maiden Name, is the brainchild of Alix Freireich, and David Lê. While the founders met at Vassar College, they reunited to bridge a gap in the interconnected realm of e-commerce. With assistance from Jesse Hudnutt and Susan Lee, the four embark on a journey to reconnect the roots which link fashion and fine art.  Following a seasonal calendar, Maiden Name will organize its collections as an online, and interdisciplinary group show; showcasing exclusive artist collaborations alongside in-house women’s apparel. Like a chest full of curated gold, Maiden Name may hold the key to your future treasures.  In a recent conversation, Flaunt spoke with the founders to discuss the start of this forward-thinking, art formed, and eco-minded community. Tell us about the genesis of your retail concept, Maiden Name. Maiden Name really emerged out of our own sense that we didn't have a place where we loved to shop. It also came out of an acknowledgment that we spend a lot of time shopping and consuming media online, and those activities all seem to take place in the same dead, zombified e-comm context. So when we found ourselves with an opportunity to share work we love, made by people we love, alongside the apparel we make, it felt like there was an opening to use e-comm differently. We call ourselves "Maiden Name" because we want to highlight the people and stories (the "maiden names") that usually get erased when things enter the public sphere. And we wanted to keep this feminist gesture, insisting on a kind of independence, even as we credited those that came before us. Tihngs by Eric Oglander Photo by David Behl What are your thoughts on the link between fine art and fashion? We think about this a lot, in part because we need to protect the fine artists we work with, and an association with fashion can make their work seem trivial. That's just a fact, even though, by and large, we think it's bunk. We think of artist/designers like Sonia Delaunay, or photographers like Grete Stern and Ilse Bing, who all straddled the worlds of art and fashion and did great work (a full century before Sterling Ruby and Cindy Sherman!). That's why we highlight them on our Instagram @maiden.name.store. But we do recognize the need to let art and fashion excel on their own terms. We want to produce fashion that's technically perfect, that's beautiful. Our objects are freer, in some ways, to be about other things––they can be "about" history; they can be weird, or conceptual. What unifies everything is our sense of our customer's needs––they want beautiful, thoughtful, well-made clothes, and they want to collect beautiful, thoughtful, and well-made objects. What influenced the first womenswear collection? The collection draws on Alix's archival research, so it brings together 19th-century reference pieces and touches of the 1970s, modernized and rendered in high-quality materials. The Zoe Shirt, for example, is modeled on an Edwardian grandfather shirt that was still in great condition because it was made in silk. Ours is silk too, and we hope it also lasts a century. We describe the core concept as "70s Renaissance Fair," which sounds odd, but the end products are all meant to be totally wearable and versatile. We want them to be sexy and smart. And it felt like that was missing from what's out there now.   How does sustainability play a part in your collections? Sustainability is core to what we're trying to achieve. We make everything here in NYC, so it's a local supply chain. We use deadstock material, and because our production runs are so small, the wastage is minimal. More broadly, we need to slow consumption down (which is an odd thing for a fashion company to acknowledge). But we want customers to buy less and buy better. Our next step is to scale up in ways that will allow us to ensure sustainability from raw materials to end product. That's a challenge, particularly when you're small. You feature collaborative work with Paul Arnhold’s hand-blown glass and Eric Oglander’s collection of 19th and 20th-century folk art. What prompted the choice of these artists for your first collection?  Paul is a dear friend making very beautiful work here in Brooklyn. That was a no-brainer. We found Eric through his "Craigslist Mirrors" project (@craigslist_mirrors) his Instagram-based collection of images, sourced from Craigslist, of mirrors for sale. We thought that was brilliant. And his Tihngs project is too. Both Eric and Paul have such distinct points of view (and are making work that is almost diametrically opposed, formally). So they seemed like great partners to open the collection with. Indigo Vase by Paul Arnhold Photo by David Behl What are your favorite pieces from your inaugural collection? We love the Tamara Top. It almost verges into historical costume, but doesn't, and ends up being so cool. We also love the Tramp Box, which is sculptural, and modern, and old at the same time, and the Graffiti Vase, which is kind of a twisted take on Paul's other work. And we love the framed set of Leung Kui Ting prints––they look simple, but the more time you spend with them, the more you like them. That's always the real test when you collect.  How do you envision the growth of Maiden Name? I think first and foremost we want Maiden Name to build out the line beyond shirting. We also want to have more of a physical presence. It's hard to communicate something like the perfect fit, or the beauty of hand painting without having people see things in the real world. At the same time, we want to expand our digital presence and knit together a community, folding in our friends in Berlin (at the end of 2019) and then with more cities in 2020. Photography by: Matt Grubb Styling by: Gabriel Held Model: Fiffany Luu Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   While the fashion industry is backed by an insatiable appetite for the new, we find ourselves in a current climate of trying to stay well-fed, while simultaneously reminding ourselves the importance of sustainability. These three young designers have found a way to bring forth something innovative, while also holding themselves accountable. We have Bethany Williams, conceptualizing clothing with a focus on social issues, Christopher John Rogers, designing for those influencing radical change, and Emily Adams Bode, sourcing from the past to create something for the now. Interviewed by Mui-Hai Chu Photo courtesy Bethany Williams What drew to design? My love for fabric construction, and how design can be used to find solutions. I read your mom help knit and create pieces for you. Was she ever in fashion as well? She used to be a pattern cutter for factory in Liverpool,  and now she does soft furnishings and she also does my netting as well. Obviously your family is really important to you. You grew up in Liverpool?  I was born in Liverpool but then I grew up on the Isle of Man. It’s such a small tight-knit community. Loads of things are locally produced and there weren’t many main stores growing up. How do you describe your design process? It always starts with an issue I am trying to solve and then we work with a charity that tries to talk about that issue. What issues are you looking forward to promoting? I think for the next collection I’m working with a charity that makes temporary housing for women and children. Who would you say are your inspiration or muses? I love other designers like Walter Van Beirendonck I’ve been a massive fan girl for a while. Do you have any type of life inspiration outside of fashion? I do like artists like Egon Schiele. I really love his work. My inspiration is probably my family.  What do you think are the bigger challenges you face trying to be sustainable? I think sourcing is a massive one, as is pricing, and having things available. How do you decide to up-cycle a piece? How does the process come about?  It kind of depends on the project we’re doing. We will be doing the collection and there are staples that we always upcycle. I’m trying to introduce more and more. Where do you hope to see yourself in the next five years? I would like to start my own social manufacturing project in the UK. Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy  Christopher John Rogers To start at the beginning, what drew you to design?  Anime, manga, and cartoons—especially people with special powers. The ability for clothing to help people self-actualize and to give them a newfound confidence. You grew up in Louisiana. What effect, if any, did growing up in the south have on your creative evolution?   A real sense of polish and refinement is found in the South – especially in the Black Church. Spending time with my mother and grandmother in church helped me curate an eye for the finish and cut of clothing and has been an inspiration for me ever since. How would you describe your design process?  I'd describe it as visceral. Although I try to be strategic, I'm ultimately extremely influenced by my intuition, emotion, and heavily inspired by color. As a recent graduate, what is the best advice you've received from your mentors at SCAD?  Work hard and stay true to yourself. There are always people that might be more talented or more privileged than you, but hard work and humility know no bounds.  Where do you find inspiration? Everywhere! Debris on the side of the street, mid-century couture, things my friends are wearing, et You've dressed people from Cardi B to Michelle Obama. Having worked with so many influential figures, is there a lasting moment with one that stands out to you the most?  To work with a woman that's equally revered for her intellect and passion, as well as her individualistic sense of style, is definitely a highlight. My family was also extremely proud of me, so that's a plus! Where do you see the fashion industry headed in the next 5 years?  A sense of increased accountability and transparency that's come with the proliferation of social media. I think we're going to see a complete upheaval of the traditional ways of showing and interacting with fashion. Tell us about your fall collection.  Stonehenge, quinceañeras, and Dr. Seuss. What's next?  Everything! We're working on our Spring 2020 collection and are also finalists for the CFDA Vogue Fashion Fund, so we're working our tails off! Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Where are you from, and how has that made an impression on you creatively? I’m from Atlanta. My parents were from Massachusetts, so I spent a lot of time in Cape Cod. I have this juxtaposition of New England and the South. The effect Atlanta had on me was not only the southern hospitality, but a lot about celebrating craft and culture. Tell us about the moment you knew you wanted to become a designer.   In high school, I was taking extracurricular art classes, like how to draw, technical fashion. I also took a croquis drawing class, and it must’ve been junior year that I knew that I wanted to be a designer as a career choice. I went to Parsons for menswear design and I went to Eugene Lang for philosophy. In what ways does the study of philosophy and your interest in fashion design connect? I think it’s primarily the way that I come up with a narrative for the season, and what sorts of questions in culture—my culture, other people’s culture and tradition—should be asked and should be addressed. How to talk about the historical narrative around clothing, and dressing. You’re known for re-contextualizing materials in a lot of your garments, many of which are vintage textiles. How did you get into the textile portion of it? Since I was a little kid, I had been interested in buying antiques and all of the historical narratives alongside that. We would go to all of these antique markets in Atlanta, and flea markets in New England, in and around Massachusetts. Why design menswear? I went to school for it, but I’ve always been interested in designing for someone outside of myself. Tell us about your fall collection. That collection was inspired by a narrative around gallerist Todd Alden, who is an ephemera dealer in downtown New York. I worked with him and talked to him about his life, collecting, what sorts of things inspired him to collect, where he lives, history of that location, his family history, how he came to become a curator, and the moment he opened his own gallery. Where abouts do you find inspiration? Following the life of someone and their relationship to objects, the domestic space, and the traditions that have shaped their lifestyle. Do you ever see yourself getting into womenswear? Not right now. We have a bunch of stores that pick it up as women’s, but it is traditionally a menswear brand. In the future maybe we’ll have a different conversation around that. What’s next?  Right now, we’re working on production, but really building out our own manufacturing space. Most of the collections we make in New York is made in our own studio, so building that out is the next step.  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Images courtesy Bethany Williams. Images courtesy Christopher John Rogers. Images courtesy Emily Adams Bode.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. A brand that makes style, comfort, and practicability a priority while making sure to evoke confidence, Knorts recently launched a new collection called, Scarlet Knorts. Color is the main factor of enhancing the garments’ attributes. Traditionally, Knorts has used the color blue which represents calmness, coolness, stability, and reliability, which are all components of confidence and is the signature color of their denim wear.  Knorts’ new capsule collection, Scarlet Knorts, incorporates the feelings associated with the color red. This collection aims to evoke strength, warmth, comfort, love, and power into the customers’ everyday life. Befitting to their aim, these characteristics can also support the feeling of confidence. There are future plans to create more color capsules to keep both the brand and wearers in an emotional equilibrium. This launch is partially used to spread awareness about California fires with 10% of proceeds from the Scarlet Knorts collection being donated to fire aid services.  Shop the new collection here    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   As I walk in the flagship Messika store, I’m greeted with smiles, macarons and diamonds. Immediately I felt that I had entered a world of femininity and style. The pieces are beautiful and delicate, yet powerful. Messika is an iconic jewelry brand worn by celebrities like  Rhianna, Penelope Cruz, and even Serena Williams during her training session. Valerie Messika, founder of the brand, created the trend of “everyday diamonds.” Much of Valérie’s inspiration comes from art, playing with a Calder sculpture in her father's office, absorbing from his collection various details of line, movement, color, composition, which have shaped her overall sense of form and proportion. I got the opportunity to chat with Valarie and try on some of the most gorgeous pieces of jewelry I’ve ever seen.  Why did you choose LA for your flagship store?  We are a family business so we are very intuitive and organic on how we do our business. We met a partner here in Los Angeles called Westime. They are very strong in the jewelry and watch industry. They work with Richard Mille and Audemars Piguet. They are also strong with red carpets in Hollywood so we decided it would be a good idea to open our first flagship store here. What do you hope the new store will bring to the brand?  I’m so excited because I can smell that the Americans in this area love jewelry. But they want something easy to wear, cool and light. This is the Messika philosophy; bringing a coolness to wearing jewelry that is very fine and delicate.  The workmanship and quality of the diamond is the top, but it’s cool. You can enjoy it and wear it everyday or on a big occasion. You can mix it with a casual or sophisticated style.  What was it like having Kate Moss as a muse? The moment I launched my brand 15 years ago I knew she was my muse and inspiration. She's really iconic for me. She embodies femininity, fashion and style. When I launched my brand and the philosophy I wanted to break the traditional code of jewelry. It was made for big occasions, but I wanted to make it apart of fashion and style. That’s why women like Kate Moss are so strong for me.   How would you explain the woman in the street wearing Messika?  The strength of Messika is that the women wearing it range from 18 to 70 years old. I love when I see different types of women wearing it with different styles. It’s not that we are putting a logo on the woman. We can see the personality and the style they embody with the pieces. It’s not about how rich or strong you are. It’s about the feeling and attitude that you have with your own style. It gives you self-confidence.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On Wednesday we celebrated Benetton’s new pop up shop in Santa Monica with prosecco and polaroids. Benetton Group is one of the best-known fashion companies in the world with a network of about 5,000 stores and a headquarters in Ponzano Veneto. The brand is known for its bright colors, the revolution of the retail outlet, and their unique sales network.  The new collections embody both the old and the new, featuring an exciting fusion of its classic colorful style with its newer streetwear-inspired elements. The artistic direction of Jean-Charles de Castelbajac, who is known for his iconic teddy bear coat worn by Madonna and portraits of Andy Warhol, shines through the recent collections. He recently united with the Benetton Group earlier this year, which was announced at Milan Fashion Week. He announced backstage that “The DNA of Benetton and mine have many similarities…this meeting between us is happening at the right moment, too, because this idea that desirable things can be of good quality and be affordable to many people is very interesting now…Benetton has been sleeping a little bit. But it has all this sleeping potential. And its base is very strong.”  Bring some color into your life and visit the pop up open from October 25 through November 24th!  Santa Monica Place Floor 1  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Courtesy Hublot With Halloween around the corner, Hublot stirred the cauldron to create a sapphire and emerald green Big Bang MP-11 watch. To give it its unique shade of green (not quite emerald and not quite sapphire), they used a material that has never been used in a watchcase. The material is called SAXEM, which is short for sapphire aluminum oxide and rare earth material. It is a mixture of aluminum oxide (the basic component of sapphire) with rare-earth elements like thulium and holmium.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   KAIMIN is the raising utopian brand initiating the posterity of attire. With a foundation of innovation and inclusivity, the namesake designer may well be sent from the future— sent back a couple of hundred years to propel the industry forward. Harnessing the power of the digital space, and the resourcefulness of sustainability, KAIMIN crafts intergalactic garments with a cunning dose of raunchiness. In a recent interview, Flaunt spoke with the avant-garde designer to discuss the evolution of the label, cyberspace, and the forecast of tech-induced fashion.  Tell us about the creation of the brand with your business partner Dmitri Pchelintsev. My initial foray into clothing design came in 2014 with the Zero Zero Vol. 02 project – a multi-sensory, high-tech video popup exhibition with an installation by Snarkitecture, which I was the protagonist of and also directed alongside stylist Nicola Formichetti and photographer Miles Aldridge. We had the honor of presenting the Vol. 02 book at my beloved Paris store, Colette. As part of that project, I created a stand-alone clothing capsule for the female character, and a very prominent singer ended up wearing some of my pieces in her music video. I felt compelled to create a full collection, and my very good friend Dmitri, who helped produce that very pivotal Zero Zero project, really believed in me as a designer, so we formed the KAIMIN label together in 2016. Dmitri is a creative marketer and business operator who happens to have a very strong background in finance, having spent many years at some of Wall Street's premier institutions investing in renewables, green-tech, and sustainability. Having helped grow several tech-enabled startups, he now oversees all of KAIMIN's business strategy and operations, while leading our expansion as a digitally-native brand, including the recent launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line.  How have innovation and inclusivity played essential roles in the brand? Innovation and inclusivity go hand-in-hand for me, as tolerance for new and crossover ideas breeds progress. KAIMIN leans heavily on technology in everything we do, and aesthetically we work with all types of creatives, communities, and personalities because anyone can uncover something new and beautiful, irrespective of age, race, and gender.  Besides using innovative materials, production techniques, and data analytics, the brand benefits from social media's global reach and the unprecedented direct access to talent that it affords. The Internet is a boundless creative nursery of young innovators that come from all different realms, including art, fashion, music – we love and fully utilize this cross-functionality. I grew up an outlier in a homogeneous society, so I feel my clothes have to speak to things beyond style and promote ideals that are important to me, including social and economic inclusivity, as I feel everyone deserves a voice. In addition to connecting through unrestrained creativity, I try to make items that are more accessible, including from an economic standpoint, and which still adhere to my design and high-quality philosophy – we launched SLFF KAIMIN exactly for this. What facets of New York's underground scene make appearances in your garments? The New York underground scene has this alluring aura of the forbidden, with sexier and darker undertones and the sense of a risque adventure that is addicting. During our SS20 show, for instance, we contrasted the primarily bright and colorful collection with a very dark and sexy setting, aiming for the set design to evoke a feeling of an underground party with red backlighting and a minimal, heavy electronic soundtrack. NYC subculture is edgy, extremely diverse, and creative and demonstrates some of the greatest social acceptance anywhere in the world, which really allows me to meld it with high fashion in a fun way. I love working with established as well as cool new, up-and-coming artists and personalities that grew up in this environment— I draw a lot of inspiration here for my design, music, lifestyle, and the overall direction for KAIMIN. The digital world is a key influence to the brand, hence your Fall/ Winter 2019 collection, "2081: CYBER-ORDINARY". What were your main inspirations and references for that season? Our Fall/ Winter 2019 collection explored archetypes of future beauty and was heavily influenced by such films as Blade Runner and Ex-Machina, specifically their protagonists – androids and cyborgs. I'm a total believer in the eventual symbiosis of man and machine.  In large part, that collection was about defeating the mundane and exploring and strengthening that which sets one apart, no matter the era. If today's fever pitch around privacy, sexual correctness, censorship, etc. ever leads to a dystopian control of self-expression, I'd want my clothes to declare: "when the extraordinary is outlawed, only the outlaws will be extraordinary." What's your view on cyberspace and it's distraction from the real world? I think we're in uncharted waters, and we won't be able to properly assess how good or bad this "distraction" from the real world is for a while, if ever. The cyber is already the real. There are definitely multiple ways to look at this, and it's certainly also a generational thing— just look at the debate around "screen time" for kids among young parents and scientists and the interesting arguments presented by media proponents, including Gary Vaynerchuk. All I know is that this is the manifestation of human progress, and there's no way back regardless, but to me, the benefits outweigh the potential hazards. We are now superbly equipped for improved communication and increased input – although, where the quality of consumed content, general overexposure, and the "3-second" wars are going is a different question.  For KAIMIN, Elon Musk's Neuralink can't arrive fast enough! What were your conceptions involving the recent Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, "INTROSPECTIVE PRISM"? This season, our main collection shared the runway with the launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line, which celebrates self-confidence and self-expression. The overall creative direction was influenced by the sub-conscience theories of Sigmund Freud and films like Annihilation, aiming to expose inner fears to release suppressed identity and desires— literal empowerment through self-discovery.  The collection explores two distinct notions for evolution of human form – through technology and through biological mutation. From the outside, the driver is mechanical – artificial furthering of self via machine. From the inside, the driver is bio-spiritual-- the natural furthering of self via selective mutation of flesh and mind— a physical metamorphosis through the unrestrained self. This season's motto is: "Introspective Prism – Refract all versions of self, Mutate desire and identity, Evolve in spirit and form." With our current climate reality, how do you plan to focus the brand on a more sustainable level? Being on the cutting edge is important to us to both achieve a futuristic design and to help push progress, validating applications of new technologies. We always keep an eye on the new tech that has shown promise in helping to lower the environmental impact of manufacturing, and we try to do our part by using many recycled, sustainable, and organic materials, including Better Cotton Initiative fabrics in our SLFF KAIMIN denim line. As we grow, we will continue to place greater emphasis on better production practices, safer materials, and less waste. Explain some of the laser cutting, production techniques, and 3-D print experiments that are implemented throughout your garment construction process. KAIMIN utilizes quite a bit of technology for manufacturing, content production, and branding, including 3D printing, laser cutting, digital art, AR/VR, motion tracking, etc. and we always seek to emphasize our future-forward thinking in our designs. For garment construction, we use some techniques because they create unexpected and groundbreaking visual results, while other methods actually make sense from a time and capital-intensity perspective.  We're pushing the brand's tech boundaries with the "Stratasys x KAIMIN" 3D-Print Denim Capsule Collection— the first time ever an industrial-quality 3D geometry is printed directly onto denim. We designed the intricate CGI geometry, multi-depth opacity, and colormap in collaboration with Fitchwork to make the final print. Stratasys are pioneers in the additive manufacturing space and have some of the most advanced 3D printing technology in the industry, accompanied by an inherent desire to experiment and come up with something new and cool. They wish to make everyday life better by bringing 3D printing technology to a greater part of the world faster and disrupting the fashion realm is quite big on the radar of Stratasys global creative director, Naomi Kaempfer— so what better way to help assimilate and democratize the tech for clothing than with one of the most common garments, jeans! How do you envision the future of fashion norms? I'd like to think that the future will bring abundance and innovation not just in the material sense but also in our culture and thinking, where humans will finally reach total equilibrium with nature, and each other— no prejudices— and KAIMIN clothing is but one way to represent this future. Like everything else in our society, fashion will continue to be transformed by technology, faster and more accessible information transfer, and diverse global audiences. This, of course, means a lot will change in fashion's tangible areas, like materials with never-before-imagined physical properties, more efficient production techniques, the continued proliferation of smart garments, and increased expectations of what clothing should do for the body and mind. But, to me, the most interesting changes are already occurring on the more intangible, creative side. People's unprecedented ability to communicate who they are has opened up new frontiers. In only a few years, social media exposed how varied yet similar and interconnected different cultures' tastes are, and how people of all walks of life can become influential by traversing these different planes. Being skilled in multiple areas has become the norm for many young creatives today, and this 'polymathism' affects fashion a lot. There are so many cross-functional innovators out there, and fashion definitely benefits from this, becoming more interesting and multifaceted.  What's next for KAIMIN? KAIMIN's mission is to keep innovating ourselves and keep collaborating with people that push the boundaries across the various artistic disciplines and product segments. We want to be more cross-functional and would love to do more than just fashion, even if it's in a more non-permanent format like seasonal collaborations. I wish to meet and inspire more people and to learn from them so we can all come up with a never-before-seen symbiosis of unlikely fields that not only is cool but also could change lives for the better and bring signature KAIMIN flavor to people in more than one way. With that said, I hope to continue building our artistic community and form a creative confluence platform – a culture nebula for local and global artists – to support innovation. To that end, we have already established an endowment fund some time ago, via our Zero Zero Project initiative, which periodically disperses funds to help finance targeted projects. And in that same vein, KAIMIN presented the SS20 show in collaboration with Studio 525, an iconic exhibition & event space housed in the former Andrea Rosen Art Gallery in Chelsea, as the inaugural project for Studio 525 Art Accelerator, which has a very similar vision to ours and aims to provide a physical place for work and showcases to artists and the creative community in general. Produced by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: : Franco Velastiqui Art Direction by: Delfina Pia Rey Styling by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Kevin Cheah Model: Cassie Priestley at Next Models. Styling assistance by: Sabrina Aguirre and Mila Sanguinetti  Credits: FW19 KAIMIN clothing, and GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI heels. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. MAX MARA dress, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. VERSACE dress, earrings, and rings and AGENT PROVOCATEUR underwear. ETRO dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, B-LOW THE BELT belt, and NANCY NEWBERG earrings. HALPERN dress, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring, and ERINESS ring. MAX MARA sweater and dress, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. PREEN BY THORNTON BREGAZZI dress, B-LOW THE BELT belt and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings. ALESSANDRA RICH dress and necklace and MIU MIU earrings all available at MatchesFashion.com, and NANCY NEWBERG rings. AGENT PROVOCATEUR slip dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace and ring, ALINA ABEGG earrings, and STATE PROPERTY pearl ring. ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER dress and scarf, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings and ring. PALOMO SPAIN jacket available at Please Do Not Enter, LA, ALINA ABEGG ring, and MISHO earring. Photographer: Vince M. Aung.  Model: Inga Dezhina. Stylist: Mui-Hai Chu.  Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co. & Oribe Hair Care at Nest Artists.  Makeup: Natasha Severino using NARS Cosmetics at Forward Artists.  Production, Photo, and Styling Assistant: Corrine Ciani Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Being Sustainably responsible in 2019 now means making some changes with how designers are choosing their resources. The female founders behind 42|54 and long time friends Elodie Ouedraogo and Olivia Borlee are both Belgian Gold metal athletes, and now business partners who strongly believe in that type of fashionably responsible involvement. It took them two a clean 42.54 seconds to win a Silver Medal at the Olympic Games in Beijing 2008. That Silver medal turned into Gold, when the winning team was disqualified due to a failed drug test. It was abundantly clear that dirty athletes have no place in sports. That’s when the Gold medalists decided they wanted to make a change. “Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes!” The contemporary active label launched its first 100% sustainable FW19 capsule collection  made of plastic bottles and recycled ocean waste. They believe that great design should also be sustainable. The brand teamed up with renowned textile companies who propose fabrics made from a fiber called SEAQUAL and NEWLIFE recycled from ocean plastics to create the new high-end "made from waste" active wear line that asserts the modern streetwear appeal.  The founders make a conscious effort to be an honest and transparent brand, by largely working with local manufacturers and suppliers.  Elodie and Olivia’s next steps will also be 100% sustainable using organic yarns working with GOTS (Global Organic Textile Standards) certified factories, hang tags produced with recycled paper along with recycled fabrics developed with fibers using the oceans waste and plastic bottles. They both are devoted to giving a second life to stock and leftover fabrics from previous productions along with biodegradable packaging. The The fashion-forward duo provide advanced functionality while calling themselves a "100% sustainable company in the way we work, produce, and live." Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. What was your biggest fear about starting your own line? We believe there are a lot of similarities between the world of sports and fashion. It is about being fearless,  following the process put in place while listening to your gut feeling at the same time to achieve the absolute best. It is about taking a leap of faith in yourself, your partner and your idea. For us creating an activewear collection that was high-end, transcendent  and made in honest and transparent conditions Felt like a void that needed to be filled within our community. There was a clear vision, which was bring some fun and fashion back into the world of sports without ignoring the functional and technical side of the garments. When we decided to launch 42|54, a reference to our winning time during the 2008 Olympics, we didn't really think about it as we both love a great challenge. We just jumped, head first.  There was a lack of experience. (We had both been guest designers for other brands, but came quickly to the realization that this doesn't even come close to owning and managing a brand.)  With that lack of real experience sometimes came also the fear of not being taken seriously. In the beginning we went probably over prepared into ever meeting we had. Not only out of respect for the person sitting in front of us, but also because we wanted to show that we were serious about entrepreneurship.  That we understood that there are no shortcuts to success Initially we also didn't communicate a lot about our backstory either. We didn't want to be perceived as two women who were the faces of the brand, while having an entire team waiting in the back to do the real and hard work. From the beginning we sourced every fabric, button, zipper, label or elastic band you'll find in our collection. Through (sometimes) expensive mistakes and failure we learned a lot. And today we are an authentic brand and a viable business because of it. Aside from the activewear, what other sustainable efforts are being practiced within your company? 42|54 has always been mindful of how and where we produce. After having represented our country in the best way possible in sports it only seemed logical to carry out the strong identity and values that Belgium has created with 'The Antwerp Six' in the world of fashion. We worked a lot with local suppliers. This put our brand already at a 50% of sustainability, solely based on the business decisions we made from the very beginning. Last year we were able to evolve in our sustainable journey by replacing already locally created fabrics by sustainable ones. We also adapted our online service by working with Repack. Repack is a company that offers reusable bags. For every bag clients return to us after their purchase, they receive a small discount. We on the other hand can recover the packaging for a new customer. Additionally we switched to biodegradable labels, we don't use plastic bottles in the office and work with a cleaning company that only uses natural and biological cleaning products. All the employees who live in Brussels, where we are based, walk or take their bike to work.  What was the moment or person that inspired you to produce your own line? We have always looked up to and been inspired by strong female athletes and more so in the 80's and 90's. These were absolute fun times where athletes didn't only stand out with their extraordinary performances, but also by the way the dressed on the field. Women like Florence Griffith and Jackie Joyner-Kersee wore leotards, belted bodysuits, one-legged  and lace leggings. They highlighted their personalities with exciting, daring activewear.  But of course we don't have to look too far. We are surrounded by strong women. Our mothers, sisters, friends and colleagues. 42I54 is built by women, who work very hard every day to create the best possible collection for women. Our sustainable mission on the other hand comes from a very personal experience.  We initially won a silver medal during the Olympic Games in 2008. Eight years later that silver eventually turned into gold when that winning team was disqualified due to substance abuse discovered during a large series of retesting.  This had a major impact on the on athletes worldwide. And while many of us became strong advocates for clean, drug free sports we are less outspoken when it comes to clothes we wear while performing. We felt this too has to change.  Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes.  Sportswear made in honest conditions and without the environmental strain it has today. We can no longer only applaud recognition and financial gain while wearing our low cost shirts. Because someone, somewhere is suffering because of it. Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Just for fun, what are your zodiac signs? Aries and Pisces What are you wanting to accomplish in 2020 with 42|54? It has always been our goal to become the brand that serves as today’s personal survival-kit and Wonder Woman cape all wrapped into one fashion-forward label for all women. 42|54 is for the young women we help through our 'Athlete Ambassador Program'. By supporting them with well made performance gear, we support their dreams of one day becoming professional athletes. Often big brands want to see results first and will later support in anyway possible. We believe talent need’s to be nurtured when  personal budgets are insignificant or non-existent. Today we are proud to announce that 3 women from our ambassadors program will participate in next year’s Olympic and Paralympic Games. We are most definitely also the go-to brand for women who like to have something that is different. Today many women try and balance a career, family and personal time. Finding an outfit that accommodates that lifestyle can be quite the search. The idea to have a legging that has the advanced functionality you'd expect from activewear, yet the high-end look and feel that makes it chic enough to wear outside the gym is very appealing to a lot of women. A winning combination we can offer to our women as we can pull from our own experience and expertise. On top of the need to be unique or different, women want to be informed on what they are putting both in and on their bodies today. Furthermore we would like to continue to develop our sustainable journey and dress as many great women in the US as we possibly can.  We had the opportunity to visit LA recently and it is inspiring to see how a city has succeeded into merging sports into the everyday life. It embodies the definition of an 'active lifestyle'. What were your childhood ambitions? Elodie: I always wanted to be a hairdresser or own my own cafe. That was until I realized that being a bar owner entails more than just serving great coffee. Olivia: I wanted to be a florist. I think I have always been inspired by beauty and making beautiful things. In what place are you the happiest? Most productive? The school of Sports is a great one to graduate from. Being professional athletes has taught us many life lessons. It teaches you to be independent,  winning, losing and how to persevere. Through our careers as professional athletes we have had the privilege of seeing a part of the world and experiencing different cultures and people. We are very appreciative that to this day we get to travel for work from time to time and see our designs come to life in our factory. Funnily enough, the traveling in the past also taught us the importance of home. And how it remains the happiest place for us. It is also where we get most creative. Before we were able to rent our own office space we used to work out of the kitchen. Today we still come up with the best ideas when we are surrounded by the feeling of familiarity. So thank God for WhatsApp these days. How do you live a sustainable life outside of the company? It is important to stress that we are by no means green warriors or examples of how to live a sustainable life. But we 100% get the message and understand the urge to react today. We all have different battles to fight in life but we are convinced that with little effort we can already make  a big difference. A few changes that we have made:  -no to fast fashion; buying less clothes and smarter -no more plastic bottles and additionally be more mindful of the use of plastic in general -buying fresh and seasonal fruit and vegetables instead of pre-packed food,  -reusing the same bag instead of buying a new one for groceries,  -sort trash -the use of natural cosmetics -leave our cars in the garage if not needed  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Published for the first time and celebrating 50 years since the works were created, ‘DESIRE’ by Lloyd Ziff documents New York City in the late 1960s. Ziff’s work captures a New York teeming with fantasy and rebellion. The book tells a story of cultural resistance through Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe.  ‘DESIRE’ was the first photo shoot that Patti and Robert had together. The two of them were photographed in their Hall Street Space in Brooklyn in 1968 and in Ziff’s small apartment in the heart of Greenwich Village in 1969. The book features 65 previously unpublished works including street photographs, original contact sheets, and notes that form the history around 1960s New York and the lives of these two iconic figures. The intimacy between the two paints a picture of the city at this time, pushing their icon status aside to view the city with a more personal lens. 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff “I myself never felt comfortable doing anything with the pictures. Then in 2009 Patti phoned and asked me for permission to publish two of the Hall Street portraits in JUST KIDS, the first portraits of them together she noted. 41 years had passed. . . Robert and Patti had become legendary. Robert and I had remained friends until he died in 1989, and I had enjoyed commissioning and publishing photographs of his when I was the Design Director of House & Garden, Vanity Fair, and Condé Nast Traveler in the ’80s. Now it’s been 50+ years since I happened to see Robert and Patti crossing the street near their place in Brooklyn. The photographs we shot then are, as are all photographs, documents of a particular moment in time. They have also become documents of a time when two of America’s most important artists were very young, very beautiful, and very ambitious. It amazes me to share those moments from so long ago today.” – Lloyd Ziff, 2019 100 “Strictly Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff, with a “Limited Edition” signed and numbered C-Type print. 500 “Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff. Available now Photos courtesy of Lloyd Ziff and Avenue Communications  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker. HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  FALGUNI SHANE PEACOCK bodysuit, HARDEMAN chaps, BUSTED BRAND gloves, PLANET I sunglasses, and MELODY EHSANI earrings and DALMATA choker. It’s been just over a year since Doja Cat’s “Mooo!” swept the screens of millions across the globe. And unless you’ve been living under a rock, the American singer, rapper and producer begs no further introduction. With that said, in case you have in fact been dwelling beneath stone, then you should know that the future of music is Doja’s for the taking. With her 2018 claim-to-fame music video sitting atop 50M views on YouTube, and her most recent visual release for “Juicy,” featuring Tyga, breaking 20M in two weeks, the musician’s growth is unshakeable, having cemented her place through sweet sonics and visuals that pack a punch. As she so bluntly claims over the phone from her apartment in Los Angeles, “It’s only the beginning. I feel like I really know who I am and what I’m doing with my next project.” The bovine-style music video released last August would eventually flourish into a viral meme. “I didn’t mean for ‘Mooo!’ to get as big as it did,” she admits. “I had more serious music to put out, I’d been working on so much other stuff, but once I put the cow costume on, I had to do it. It was the only way I could get it out of my head,” she explains. Within days of the abrupt upload to YouTube, the video had racked millions of views. The dairy dreamscape was by no means Doja’s introduction to the music industry. In fact, she had been signed to RCA Records since 2014, after the successful release of her debut single, “So High.” From there, she followed up with several tracks, including “Go To Town,” off of her debut studio album in 2018. “Before ‘Mooo!,’ we hadn’t really gotten any viral hits, or had any hits, period. We were doing okay, but things weren’t at their fullest potential. That was the most significant part about ‘Mooo!’ going where it did—it allowed all my other work to have a foundation and have a pull.” Taking a moment to consider the past whirlwind year, she reasons, “Since ‘Mooo!’ blew up, it’s been kind of non-stop. I don’t know if it’s really allowed me to reflect, but I feel like I’ve refined my style and refined who I am. I kind of have to have the spotlight on me.” MATT SARAFA coat and GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses. MATT SARAFA coat, ABODI bodysuit and boots, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and NOÄ earrings. The spotlight she speaks of shines focused and fixed, with no intention of moving elsewhere, but as a consistent subject of such recognition, Doja Cat has experienced two sides to the coin that is internet fame. Since its inception, the Internet has proven an untamable beast, and the environment it has bred has developed twice as feral. Through public domains like Tumblr to TikTok, and YouTube to Twitter, a vast stretch of subcultures and trends have been cultivated. On opposite poles of this digital sphere, there stands viral fame and cancel culture. It’s no secret that the musician has faced multiple controversies regarding comments she’s made online, and it’s even less of a secret that the public is quick to mobilize on social media. After old tweets resurfaced of the artist using derogatory terms towards other rappers, a rallied audience of critics made it its mission to take her down. Admittedly hurt by some of the criticisms, she reasons, “I’m not invincible, I do get hurt by some comments. I’m not superhuman.” Immediately requiting, she follows up with, “But being raised on the Internet gives me the ability to know how to deal with negativity most of the time.” Then, at once in a final stride, she claims of her presence online, “It’s just a small portion of my life.” And just like that, if we’ve learned anything in 2019, it’s that you can’t cancel Doja Cat. HARDEMAN top, thong, and hat, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and DALMATA necklace. Fresh off the release of a new music video with LunchMoney Lewis for “Make That Cake,” while still riding the success of “Juicy,” she’s traveling cross country for performances and appearances on a weekly basis. In the age of virality, such sustainability is impressive. That said, she’s in no way the first artist to have a viral hit catapult their work to an unfamiliar stratosphere of celebrity, and certainly not the last. We’ve seen fellow musical phenoms like Mason Ramsey and Megan Thee Stallion reap the benefits of a trending tweet and hashtag or two. Could it just be that we’re experiencing the dawning of a new age in music? An educated guess would reason, yes. With democratized media-sharing platforms like Spotify and SoundCloud, there’s been an inevitable boom in bedroom pop-stardom. Not only that, but with the increasing irrelevance of labels across younger generations, classification proves less important in not only topics of gender, but music, too. Lines blur across styles nowadays, with artists coloring the outsides more than ever. In attempts to maintain order through categorical standards, we see the term “Alternative” tacked onto the classic genres we’ve come to know. I LOVE PRETTY skirt. I LOVE PRETTY skirt and BUFFALO LONDON shoes. Prompted to describe her forthcoming record, Hot Pink, in three words, she replies with little to no hesitation: “Too. Many. Genres.” Declining a subscription to any one breed of song, the response points to her exploration of sound, a progression of her euphony, and the future of music. “My last record is a lot different from this one because I didn’t understand what it was to be in the studio and in an environment where there’s a bunch of musical equipment,” Doja shares, candidly. “I was young, I was a teenager and I really didn’t know who I was. My character wasn’t really shining the way it does now. I can tell you Hot Pink is one of the best things I’ve done, the best project I will have ever released.” Then, implored to divulge more about the release in detail, she retracts to the previously implemented three-word limit: “Super, duper, mystery.” So while Doja—who won the world over with an onomatopoeia in 2018—makes a favorable case for the future of music today, her own music remains as ambiguous as it does full of promise. Photographed by: Julian Buchan.  Styled by: Katie Qian.  Hair: Frankie Payne using Oribe at Opus Beauty.  Makeup: Jadyn Ngo using Surratt Beauty and Artisbrush.com at The Visionaries. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj Photos by Steven Klein Think metallic, high-end glamour with a neon pink accent. Think barbie doll in outer-space. This iconic FENDI and Nicki Minaj collaboration is the perfect combination of bold yet sophisticated.  Teaming up with Silvia Venturini Fendi, the duo created the next chapter of the FF Series with a line for women’s, men’s and kids: FENDI Prints On. Nicki is known for her body-hugging clothing and most of the line is just that, but she beautifully contrasts it with leisurewear and classy pieces. With the FF logo covering the majority of the print, this line is nothing but eye-catching.  They took staple pieces that everyone needs in their wardrobe and added their own flare to it such as:  tulle dresses, reversible puffer coats, asymmetric body-con dresses, raincoats with leather sleeves, silver tracksuits, bomber jackets with knitted sleeves and metallic windbreakers.  This collection would not be complete without some daring accessories, and that is exactly what they have provided us. They have everything from sequined bags and fanny packs to customized snow boots and wedge trainers. These accessories will take any outfit to the next level.  They went above and beyond and created a collection that embodied Nicki’s personality along with high-end fashion and street style.  The FENDI Prints On capsule collection will be sold in 52 FENDI boutiques worldwide and on fendi.com from October 14th.  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj   Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj                    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   69 shirt, JEAN PAUL KNOTT pants available at Please Do Not Enter, and NIKE shoes.   Brooklyn born and LA based producer and artist, Kingdom, is bringing back is clubby and unique dance music to the industry. With two new EPs, the first one called “EXTERRA, Vol. 1,” on the way and an album coming in 2020, he is back in the realm of dance music, but keeping true to his innovative style.  All the way from the east coast, Kingdom was booked to perform in LA in the early 2000s, which gave him a foot in the door to the west coast’s music scene. From here, he has continued to expand his musical capacity and does not abide by genres or any type of limitation; with experimental taste and a desire to create, he strives to generate music that he loves and that the audience can appreciate/value.  He was kind enough to join me for a phone interview in which I asked many questions, hoping to find out more about him as a person and his career.  I know that Nacho Nava kind of helped bring you to LA, how did he influence you? I was DJing a lot in New York, but he was the first person to put me on a flight and bring me to the west coast to DJ. I think that the influence he really has is that he was putting people on like me who didn’t have any other shows or have a lot of hype or a lot of press or anything like that. He really just believed in the new talent and was always just so generous with that regardless of how well the show did or anything like that. It was really just like he was excited to put people on and it never seemed like it was something he was doing for his own to serve his own interest. It really was something he was doing for the community in LA. Specifically, influential in creating a really special scene on the eastside of LA. I think most people will associate like the gay scene with the west side, West Hollywood scene, which is so specific and there really wasn’t much going on on the eastside maybe a couple bars, but he was the first to create a really vibrant night life scene that involved art and dance and all different kinds of Djs of all different races, but also it wasn’t just a community vibe, it was also like he was bringing really really good music and reall really amazing performers, so it also drew in just from straight people music fans who knew that Mustache would have more edgy stuff, so it wasn’t just creating an alternative it was also just about quality. He had such a good eye for innovative stuff.  FENG CHEN WANG jacket available at Please Do Not Enter and ALLIGATOR JESUS bracelet. What was it like working with Nacho Nava cause I know you guys were working on a Netflix show together. Working with him was always a pleasure. He was always just so sweet so generous and he was just a great figure and really supportive of my label and my parties too. He would always, without me even asking, support a face of mine or event that I was doing that had nothing to do with Mustache. He was always so sweet. More recently, that’s actually kind of why the music video is dedicated to Nacho because basically I met the video director through Nacho. Nacho put us together in a conference call and basically we started talking and they had planned to bring some type of documentary for Netflix about kind of the more alternative more POC side of LA nightlife, specifically gay nightlife and queer nightlife. It was really just in the early stages of talk. We really didn’t get it off the ground, but Shahana, the director, was gonna obviously be on the director’s side and working on the shots and the camera stuff and all that. They wanted me to come in and add music to it, but essentially throw in some different raves and help bring in music so that we could create some events to film because there’s not, sadly there’s not a lot of footage of a lot of the old Mustache parties. They’re relatively undocumented, so that was the idea, but I think when he passed Shahana felt like it didnt’t make sense to pursue it still. It really was Nacho’s project. It was really just a conversation, but even just that concept was inspirational and meeting the director is kind of what spawned us to create the music video together in honor of him.  It seems like Nacho has been really influential to kind of your start here in LA and the music scene, but has he influenced your work at all kind of like maybe the beats you decide to use or the music has he influenced any of it? Since he’s not a musician or DJ himself I wouldn’t say it’s a direct influence on the actual sound. I’d say he’s more of an influence when it comes to throwing parties and bringing people together in the community and just showing people kindness and more of the things I spoke about a moment ago. Just about the social element of music more than the sound exactly, but I know the sound he likes and I think he had an appreciation for the sounds I work with.  MEALS shirt and pants. How does it feel to be in the genre again? It feels really good. I feel like with my last album Tears in the Club I was in a very kind of like atmospheric moody RnB space and ever since that album came out I’ve been doing more vocal production, working with singers, and I worked really hard launching the new singer that signed to Fade to Mind called Semma, so I’ve been really in that zone of creating something for vocalists and when I’m doing that I sometimes put aside exactly the Kingdom sound and I’m trying to create a universe for the singer that gives them a unique identity. It’s just a totally different assignment. It’s a different thing and it’s a different lifestyle too. It’s a lot of hours spent helping singers songwrite and it definitely tested my patience a lot of the time because I’ve spent quite a bit of time with several vocalists making demos for their projects and singers make hundreds of demos to test their project. A lot of time your beat doesn’t get picked or they go in a different direction or sometimes the vocalist is just caught up in other stuff and they don’t even release something. I might have been so in that world, so it was really refreshing to just kind of stop accepting bookings to do vocal sessions and I think it was kind of a reaction to doing all those vocal sessions that made me really want to just get back into my more ravey, clubby, housey references and it’s kind of also where I started. My first release ever, “Mind Reader,” was very kind of hard, weird, dance stuff, so I’m kind of going back and starting from scratch and starting from the beginning again and it just feels really good. I’m just excited to put stuff that’s more high energy and I’m DJing a lot right now, so it’s exciting to just play things that I can blend and just be kind of weird again cause I think working with vocalists it’s a lot more compromises, a lot more catering to them.  Do you have any inspirations for creating music, like are there any other artists that you look towards to or does everything just come from within? There’s definitely artists I look up to. Sometimes I freeze with the question because there’s so many that I have. I would have to say Rod Lee, Terror Danjah, and Darkchild. YOSHIO KUBO jacket and stylist’s own glasses. Would you ever mix different genres together like if you did RnB and dance music? Or is that something that you’ve already ventured into before?   Even though I do make some fully RnB sounding stuff, I kind of think that’s really what I’m known for even though the new stuff is pretty clubby, but I think you can still hear these little shreds of like the vocal stuff, the vocal samples. I think that RnB element is always there. That’s pretty much my mission, either I’m weaving back and forth or I’m weaving them together just kind of RnB sound with the club sound. For the next volume, I’m making another volume of the EXTERRA series and that one’s either gonna have more of the vocal stuff in it and I’m also working on my next album. I’ve got a lot of homework right now. I’m bringing in more vocal stuff as it progresses from my EP to my next album.  In regards to the vocal production, is there anything you look for in an artist when you want them to be on one of your songs? I love weird vocal textures. I just love when someone has a baby voice or has a strange croaky texture or has certain types of node that they like to hit. Just something that sets it apart because there’s so many people that sound so similar. And someone who’s not afraid of intense rhythm cause I think a lot of singers come from the studio wanting a really simple beat or something that sounds like their favorite, you know, Ella Mai song or like H.E.R. song or maybe a Corella song they heard or something, so I think someone who is down to get experimental and doesn’t mind sampling their voice. I’m especially also just addicted to high voices. I love falsetto. I’m known for working with women, which is my favorite working with female vocals. If I’m working with a guy he definitely has to be able to channel his feminine side. I don’t really like to work with men who wanna sing about the macho shit on the mic like I’m way more into men who are singing. you know explore both sides  MEALS jacket and pants. Do you have a certain process of producing or like how do you kind of create your songs? I’ve always been a drummer, so I feel like when I’m on my own making beats I always start with drums and just playing with different drum sounds and I finally, after years of not doing it, started to create my own drum kits and drum packs, so I have my own custom samples that I’m playing around with. When it comes to singers usually they’ll just freestyle over an existing beat. With Sema, the artist I recently signed to my label, she was one of the first people that I really just improvised with and sometimes she would just come in and she would start singing something first, so that’s a totally different process like kind of working in reverse and working from what her voice is doing.  Do you have any stories of the first time you met MikeQ or Ms. Boogie? This new EP I just put out, EXTERRA, Vol. 1, is kind of a throwback to the beginning of my career in many ways. One of them being that I’m returning to dance music and making just like much clubbier, harder material than I’ve made in a long time, but it also actually has two collaborations with artists that I’ve known for I think over a decade. Me and MikeQ and Shane Oliver from Hood by Air were the three Djs who got booked to DJ this artist named Reshaw Newsom. He had a party for one of his art openings. I had actually been a fan of Mike from MySpace and his website for years already and when I finally met him I just completely fanned out and got to play a track. My set was pretty much like MikeQ and Ivana Lore who’s like another ballroom legend. I basically played all super hard underground ballroom voguing music. I don’t think that Mike was expecting that from me necessarily and actually Mike went out on the dance floor and started voguing and he’s not a voguer, he’s a DJ. He rarely ever actually hits the dance floor and vogue. That was back when we Dj’d on CD so that night me and him like traded CDs and he gave me his CDs from his like case logic and I gave him CDs from mine. Ever since then we’ve been in touch and he’s producing music on my label as well, but he’s kind of hard to nail down and get a studio session with, so I’m just really excited to me and him having a track together 10 years later finally. My very first party that I threw on my own in NY was called “Club Vortex” and it was like in the back room of this art space, so it’s not really a venue at all and they didn’t have any security or anything and I think after the first one the word kind of got around cause you know under age kids are always looking for those very few places that they aren’t going to card, so I think word got around that there was this party happening that wasn’t carding and that was super open and fun and a few friends of mine actually showed up with Ms. Boogie at that very first party and me and her hit it off. She kind of got in a little bit of trouble that night. There was kind of like a little bit of a tussle on the dance floor and I think some wigs got pulled, but it was a pretty crazy night and that was before she was even just vocals, so it’s been amazing to see her progress into rapping and making music and I just love what she brings to the track. Saturday Kingdom performs with an Allstar roster including Bae Bae, BrownSkinHazel, Total Freedom and Uniiqu3 get tickets HERE Photographed by Alligator Jesus. Styled by Ally Nikoltchev Produced by: BJ Panda Bear Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. It was a family affair as last night UGG threw a banger to celebrate their now campaign featuring creatives in fashion and music including Slick Woods and son, Paloma and Ama Elsesser, Kim Gordon of Sonic Youth and daughter Coco Gordon Moore, Sasha and Sergio Lane, and Luka and Clark Sabbat. The event was a dazzling event paying homage to the brands California heritage.  The brand drew inspiration from the #UGGLIFE  campaign family-focused narrative highlighting the relationships and the spirit across generations that brings families together along with inspiring and challenging one another DJ’s and eyewear designers Coco & Breezy curated the events soundtrack. Staying on theme with a musical performance by SoCal local indie punk rock duo/brothers The Garden. UGG founded in 1978 by an Australian surfer originated on the coast of California. Renowned for its iconic classic UGG boot boosted by Hollywood celebs, and fashion editors around the world, the brand has extended into apparel and accessories with recent collaborations with the brands like Y/PROJECT and Eckhaus Latta. The evenings launch also featured the new range of buckle boots that also presented an exaggerated sole and a soon to be everywhere thigh grazing boot. After a dinner at the Roosevelt hotel, we caught up with the mama, muse, and all around bad ass Slick Woods to chat about #UGGLIFE.  Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Did you end up going out last night after the dinner at The Roosevelt? I’m a little exhausted but I don’t think I went out, I think went out went on me. How do you feel like UGG has fit into your life as a mother? UGG has been a big part of my life since the last campaign so we have been linking up. Do you feel like having a child has fit into life of the badass fashion creature you’ve always been known for? Yes, of course. I mean getting into motherhood and being an UGG mom has definitely been a big part of my life. You have really empowered the persona of the badass into this new creation, it’s beautiful. Of course, I had to slip into motherhood very unexpectedly. What do you see in the space between comfort and style? Well, comfort and style has always been missed together. I mean my style in very comfortable. Do you think simple comfort can be stylish? Yes, definitely, I am a little bit mixed with Tomb Raider, with a little bit of Kim Possible, and a little bit of, let’s say, Al Pacino. All together – that’s me What is one comfort faux pas you feel can never be chic? Broke shit… I don’t do broke shit. What is one comfort faux pas you feel we need to embrace more? Probably aristocratic shit. Like real rich nigga shit. I wish we did more of that. Yeah do more of that now! Do you see your son as following your footsteps in the modelling world? Hell no. My sons going to be a police officer or a fireman. And I’m gonna let him do that. Your film Goldie got great reviews. Do you see yourself getting more into film? No, the director was trash but my acting was fucking great. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   BUFFALO shoes. Make way for the newest edition to the female power movement, a DJ from Berlin who goes by Martafakka. With a background in Tech House, Funk House, Hip-Hop, RnB, and Afro House, she curates explosive beats that pulsate through the listener’s body causing them to not only feel Martafakka’s energy in her songs, but also having an almost out of body experience. As well, her expertise in mixing different genres creates a new kind of music and allows for a wide range of people to enjoy her work. Beyond her musical genius, she is an avid traveller, inspired learner, and according to her Instagram, is an animal lover as well. Take pleasure in reading the following interview with the creative genius.   BUFFALO shoes. Who would your dream collaboration be with? My favorites would be Dixon, Honey Dijon and Black Coffee What are you currently working on? And how is the process going? My main goal right now is to achieve the knowledge of producing myself. I have my roots in Hip- Hop and RnB and want to learn now more about electronic music especially tech house, funkhouse… I know that you have performed in Berlin, where would you love to perform next? I would love to perform in Ibiza, Amsterdam, London and New York. What is your favorite thing about performing and your fans? The best thing about djing is when you feel that people are getting exactly into your vibe and enjoy the party. What inspires your specific sound? I already traveled a lot in my life and I have been to many clubs where I got a lot of different vibe and music inspiration. What do you want your listeners to feel or take away from your music? The most important thing is LOVE, LOVE, LOVE and of course amazing energy! People should feel good and free while listening to my music. Its all about energy. What does your music creating process look like? I start with collecting my current favourite songs. After that it goes on with the main part; FIND MATCHING SONGS! It is my goal to combine all music genres with each other. There are no boundaries! Its kind of a process of course. Do you have a specific song that means a lot to you? What makes it special to you? It’s “Dirty Diana“ from Michael Jackson since I was a kid. It always hat something mystic about it…Who the f*** is Diana?!  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   REBECCA VALLANCE suit, ANDREA FOHRMAN earrings, and ANNA-KARIN KARLSSON sunglasses. She might not be a household name in America, yet, but Lila Iké has already taken Jamaica’s music scene by storm. Hailing from Manchester, Jamaica, she sharpened her teeth by performing at Jamnesia’s open mic on Saturday nights. The seaside venue (located in Bully Bay, about 20 minutes outside Kingston), has hosted many prominent Jamaican artists including Chronixx, Jah9, NoMaddz, and Protoje. The latter performer, Protoje, happens to be a Grammy nominated artist and his ears perked when he first heard Lila Iké’s music. He signed her as part of his collective, In.Digg.Nation.  Lila’s friendship with Protoje turned out to be the turn her music career needed. The signing thrusted her into the spotlight, where she’s performed alongside him at Jamaica’s Reggae Sumfest (basically it’s the Coachella for the country) with 30,000 heads in attendance then making her NYC debut at BRIC’s Celebrate Brooklyn! Concert. In 2017, Lila dropped her first official track, titled “Biggest Fan.” She wrote the song for her mother, whom she dubbed her “biggest fan.” The song’s release opened the floodgates for her solo career, with several other songs following suit. Earlier this summer, she performed on Protoje’s song “Not Another Word,” which acted as the biggest track she’s been apart of. After premiering on Rolling Stone, “Not Another Word” has graced Spotify playlists “Dancehall Queen,” and “Dancehall Official.”  While Lila Iké might hold the Reggae universe in the palm of her had, she’s not interested in classifying herself as a Reggae artist. She believes her music is more universal than to label inside a single genre. Flaunt spoke with the rising artist about her humble beginnings, treasured inspirations, and the meaning behind the words Lila Iké.  MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit and JIMMY CHOO shoes. I always like to know what influences an artist when they are writing and recording their songs. Who would you say are your musical influences? My favorite singer of all time is Garnett Silk. I love Toni Braxton, I really love Lauren Hill. All great artists in different genres and different types of music. But my all-time favorite is Garnett Silk. Why would they inspire you? Garnett Silk is my all-time favorite because of what he did for the music I don’t think anybody else did it. I feel like his voice, his style, he had a spiritual thing with his voice. Also, the fact that he didn’t get much time to do what I really think he wanted to do. Very powerful and very spiritual. How he was cut down so early almost makes me take up the responsibility, just make sure my music is on that level.  What’s your intention when performing your music? What are you trying to give your listeners with your talents? When I’m performing, I’m basically giving everything. With certain performers, You can identify with what they are saying. , You can see certain movements in their body, you can feel in your presence that music isn’t something they are doing to make some money. So when I’m performing I’m doing what I’m supposed to do, which is give it all Every artist has a different creative process when writing and recording music. What does your look like?  I search for inspiration, I don’t necessarily like writing with a pen and paper. When going through my everyday life, if a thought comes to me, i’ll whip out my phone and record it. Somethings I don’t record all my inspirations, but it comes upon you and for some people, it comes through like mediation or dancing or going different places. For me it’s all of the above. I like having conversations about different things. like learning as much as I can. I like listening to music, going to jam sessions.  ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER coat and boots, HALPERN turtleneck, and MISHO earrings. You’ve released four singles so far. What’s next? Is there an album or an EP on the way? Naturally, but I can’t say when. I am definitely working on new music.  We will keep our ears open! There’s a lot of musical genres, what inspired you to chose reggae? Is there a connection to the genre which drew you to it?  Personally, I don’t really associate myself with any particular genre, I feel like its a conscious thing. Like a work of poetry. I grew up in Jamaica, where there is lots of reggae. But I love reggae, it’s my favorite genre. I love spoken music, jazz, country music, reggaeton. But for me, reggae music is a part of me.  Are you still based in Jamaica? Yes. Rolling Stone premiered “Not Another World,” which features you working with Protoje and Agent Sasco. Are there any more collaborations coming up which you can tell us about? I recently did a song produced by Izzy which was released on the same day, so I haven’t been pushing it that much. That’s the most recent collaboration I’ve worked on but I’m interested in working with a lot of artists. I’d love to do a song with Chronixx and Koffee. These are things I have in my head that hopefully work out.  You recently performed at LA’s Delicious Pizza for their block party. Are there any more US shows coming up on your itinerary? Not right this minute, the next time I’m in America for a show is in Washington. My friend wants to come perform at his venue. Me, Sevana, a new artist called Jaz Elise, and another artist named Apollo. We are apart of their acoustic presentation. That’s the only thing I’m certain about. October 14th. Where did the name Lila Iké come from? What does it mean to you?  Lila, biblically was coined from my original name Alecia Grey. When I was born people would always shorten my name. They’d call me Leekee or Leelee. Once somebody called me Lila and I was very drawn to that name because I felt like a “Lila”. I made a Facebook account and used it as my Facebook name, it was “Lila Music.” And people started calling me Lila. Before I know it, everybody actually thinks my name is Lila.  Iké, I got that name from a friend of mine I met when I moved to Kingston. This guy had a Nigerian background. He grew up in Africa and said Iké is short for Ikechukwu, he told me that it meant “God is powerful” I grew up in a Christian home, my mom always went to church and believing in a higher being was always a crucial part of our everyday life. And I personally believe that there is something more beautiful and powerful than all of us here on Earth.  I wanted to appropriate this energy, which is the purest form of my music. That’s where Lila Iké came from.  It was great talking to you, is there anything you would like to add? I want people to know that it’s okay for them to be themselves, and they should go for whatever they want if they feel it in their hearts. If it brings them joy.   MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit. Photographed by Nolwen Cifuentes. Styled by Mui-Hai Chu. Hair: Darren Hau using Oribe at Opus Beauty. Makeup: Mylah Morales  at Exclusive Artists.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Autumn Hrubý is the founder of knitwear enthusiast and journal, Hesperios. The carefully crafted, sustainable collections express Hrubý’s philosophy of “quality over quantity,” with garments meant to last a lifetime. An extension of the brand is it’s dedication to classic and contemporary art, literature, and travel, which reveals itself in a biannual anthology— distributed internationally through art-and-design book stores, galleries, newsstands, and museums. This month, Hesperios released it’s third edition of the ongoing journal series, marking the celebration of both established and emerging creatives. From artists to chefs to filmmakers and poets, No.3 is packed with visual references, intellectual nuances, and personal anecdotes that will galvanize any and every reader. Flaunt spoke with Hrubý post-Journal No.3 launch to chat all things Hesperios. HESPERIOS founder, Autumn Hrubý. What’s the story behind the name of your line and literary journal, Hesperios, meaning “the evening star”?  My friend Evan Dando started calling me Hess as a nickname, short for Hesperios. At the time, Glenn O’ Brien and I were brainstorming potential names for my company to be. It was a long process, and he had several amusing options, but when I heard Hesperios, everything just clicked.   Of all the interviews in this issue, who surprised you most, and why?  Miranda Brooks interview. I loved discovering that she meditates with her client before each project to bless the land and ask the spirits for help.  “In Japan there is a standard practice to have a land blessing with the client and architect before any construction begins, to make peace with who has been there before, and to suggest where the spirits can safely wait until construction ends. Once construction is complete, they are invited back to bring love and a sense of being to what was created.”  Visually, how has literature and the art world influenced your designs?  Art and literature have influenced our brand in every possible way. I knew I wanted to make the perfect sweater and cardigan with reoccurring artist collaborations and less common color palettes. And of course, we publish art and literary books, which is at the heart of what we do. This has always been the idea behind Hesperios. Sometimes working with an artist on a particular cardigan will influence the range of colors for the collection, but I usually have a well-defined palette from the very beginning. I often have Maria Sibylla Merian’s books around for reference.   As fashion is the second most polluting industry in the world, how does your brand support sustainable practices? I’m glad you asked. This is a long answer, but it is the most important question I am asked. Hesperios has been called a “sustainable brand,” and I’m not sure what that means or if any brand can be truly “sustainable,” but we are trying, every day. I have set very high standards in the way I’d like to run everything. We are a small team, but we all care and want to do things differently and thoughtfully rather than arbitrarily pushing out more product. I think we’ve had a head start as a new company forming good habits in the early stages, rather than having to unravel detrimental ones later on. Even so, it’s a constant process which requires a tremendous amount of time to research alternative materials and more efficient methods of production.  It was always my intention to create a well-made, high-quality product that would last forever and age well. Our collection began with a sweater; designed as something you can keep as an heirloom— quality over quantity. We produce two seasons a year, with limited releases in between, all of which are produced in low quantities, so we aren’t sitting on excessive inventory.   We also recycle our inventory in a way that I’m proud of. In our last three collections, we selected a few styles from our inventory, like our Gayle or Lou knit tank, and combined them with pleating to create our signature Paloma and Lola dresses. Our collection also consists of a core library of year-round knits, which means we can keep these on our website longer because they technically don’t fall out of style. If we have inventory in a color that hasn’t sold as well, we dye it sustainably. Timeless and well-made products retain their value.  All of our wovens are produced locally in New York City. This reduces the waste of packaging and shipping materials. We try to use as much deadstock, antique, and recycled materials as possible. We will never produce leather, and we’ve kept our material options to a minimum. I don’t plan on using cashmere or wool. We plan to use 100% organic cotton by next year, and we’re also in the planning phase of bringing our knit production in-house, so we are in control of all phases of production.   I wish building a company was just about telling stories and making beautiful things, but this is such a small fraction of what is required. There can be a myriad of factors and variables which influence every decision and sometimes can be overwhelming. But we approach everything with thoughtfulness and integrity in mind.  I’ve been a vegetarian for 18 years, and I’ve always been conscious of my environment. When I was 20, I lived on a permaculture and biodynamic farm in San Miguel de Allende, and when I moved back to the states, I viewed our resources differently. I think this experience has informed my life decisions going forward, and I’m constantly reminded of those lessons. I recently sat through the Earthlings documentary and was completely shaken. It takes you through all the industries that rely on animals and how corrupt so many industries are. After watching this, I wanted to begin taking steps to become vegan. I also became overwhelmed with all the lifestyle choices associated with this decision and that if I became vegan, I would want the brand to be as well. Suddenly, becoming vegan was harder than anything I’ve ever thought about doing, especially regarding fashion. Right now, I am gathering the facts so that it isn’t an overwhelming transition. Leather is everywhere. There is no reason when there are plenty of alternative materials to use for a handbag or a shoe. But then, you also have to be knowledgeable about how those materials are made and the waste or toxic threats they could be creating.   Patagonia has been a big inspiration for my colleagues and me. My best friend, Miye McCullough, is our Director of Operations, and she has a background in Conservation, so we are always talking about sustainability. She recommended a book called The Responsible Company by Vincent Stanley and Yvon Chouinard. It has been my ongoing resource for information. I recommend this book to everyone, both personally and professionally. You can learn from their past mistakes as a company, how transparent they are, and what they did to learn and improve not only their production but practices on a global scale. The bottom line is that it takes a community effort to create change. The book is also a reminder that while mistakes are inevitable, what counts is how we solve each problem.  Everyone on our team has a genuine interest in sustainability. We enjoy the research process equally as much as the creative one. I’ve been a member of an innovative design library ever since we started, which gives architects and designers access to sustainable, biodegradable, recyclable, certified organic materials around the world. They have an actual library you can walk through and scan swatch cards; giving you instant access to suppliers who produce bio-leather from pineapple juice.   I don’t want to turn a blind eye to our ecological crisis. If I’m made aware of something that isn’t right, I will go to great lengths to try and correct it and make it better. But I have to remind myself that it cannot happen overnight.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 Drop 1 launching today, October 8th, Zara aims to release their variations on the here to stay khaki and uniform stylized core pieces. For decades in DIY culture, core basics have been used as representation and a source of visual language to identify rebellion and counterculture. These two characteristics are still used as the main sources of inspiration to highlight individual style and remain part of being unbranded in a capitalistic society. As well as being inspired by figures involved in the arts, musicians, actors, artists, and so forth. Zara is taking classic clothing archetypes with this new SRPLS CHPTR 03 line, consisting of outerwear, shirts, pants, and accessories, remixing them with new proportions, cuts, and sews every release to give a new meaning. This will be the 3rd instalment of Zara’s bi-annual SRPLS collection, showcasing men and women collections as in the past, but for the first time a kid’s line will be available. The collection speaks on the military influenced clothes that have become part of the world’s wardrobe vernacular for the past 60 years in popular culture. Made from premium materials, in limited edition with three releases each season. The collection will be available online and in select stores across the US, Spain, Germany, UK, France, Italy, Poland, Japan and China. Photos courtesy of ZARA Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Gucci has begun accepting applications for the North American Changemakers program, which includes its $1.5 million Scholarship Program and its $5 million Impact Fund for nonprofit organizations, and they have brought a collaboration with DRØME Creative Director Satchel Lee to announce it. The grant and scholarship open call announcement invites young people and nonprofits to apply to be Gucci Changemakers.  Earlier this year, Gucci announced its North American Changemakers Program, working in alignment with the company’s vision for garnering a greater social impact and pushing diversity and equity forward within the fashion industry. The film announcing the open call for applications was narrated by Changemakers Council Co-Chair, Poet, and Author Cleo Wade, and allowed for young people to share their own stories. Wade stated, “Change does not happen in theory, it happens in community. We are bringing the Gucci Changemakers initiative to life by bringing not only funds, but also time, energy, and care to communities that have been historically and systemically under resourced and overlooked for too long.” Both of the programs aim to do exactly that. They give to and prioritize historically underrepresented and marginalized communities in order to allow for the advancement of the youth and nonprofit organizations hoping to create broader change, starting within their own communities.  Learn more on applications and eligibility at www.changemakersus.gucci.com. Photos and video courtesy of Gucci Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   GUCCI jacket, pants, and shoes.  BEN SHERMAN top and pants, BRUNO MAGLI boots. The singer-songwriter and actor Chord Overstreet surprised a lot of his fans when, in 2015, he left behind his acting days on Glee to pursue a career in music. The son of Grammy-award-winning country music singer-songwriter Paul Overstreet, Chord had grown up surrounded by music, which he quickly developed an affinity for. Once he formed his own band, Overstreet, the singer was already opening for Demi Lovato and Nick Jonas on their Future Now Tour. After releasing some well-received tracks, the band came along with their first EP earlier this year Man on the Moon, Overstreet is back with the new track “My Ex.“ Flaunt sat down with Chord Overstreet and discussed his relationship with music, songwriting, and his newest single “My Ex”. I wanted to ask you a little bit about your upbringing. You were brought up by a Grammy award-winning father, you have a music-related name—it’s almost as if it was predetermined that you would be involved with music. It was probably my dad’s way of nudging me out the door with a guitar in my hand. I was the third one born into my family, and there’s three notes in a chord, so my dad and mom had names like that for everybody. My sister’s name is Harmony, like a four-part harmony, and a brother named Nash for Nashville, so everyone’s got a wacky name.  How would you say your relationship with music has evolved throughout your childhood up until today?  My relationship with music started out when I was really young and my dad introduced me to Elvis, the Beatles, and James Taylor. The stuff that I responded to was the lyrical content—songs with a story that helped you stepping out of reality, just being in your head and going wherever the music takes you. Lyrics first for me is where I always go, such as James Taylor and Bob Dylan, guys who were really able to paint a world.  Branching out into your own musical career—did you always want to do that, or was it a more recent decision after Glee?  I always did it just because I grew up around it. When I first moved out to LA, I was trying to get the acting thing going, and I had my guitar—it was always there. I never thought about it too much, I just always did it. I would be writing and I would be playing. Everything I got involved in and it worked always coincidentally had music involved, it kept chasing after me. I also always had the desire to do what my dad was doing. When I was probably 17 and playing football—I wanted to play pro football—I got a knee injury and was on Oxycontin on the couch. I was playing video games and my dad was like “Turn that damn game off and write a song!” So I picked up the guitar and couldn’t put it down.   That’s amazing. It’s good that it stuck, because I remember my parents forcing me to learn the piano at a young age, and I would get so bored by it. But then, the love for music sticks with you. It’s interesting because, when you’re a kid and taking music lessons, you don’t necessarily have the drive and determination —although some people do—to push that as a kid and develop those skills. Thank God that parents make kids take lessons because when you’re older, it’s there. I’m really thankful for my mom driving me to guitar lessons. It’s about having the foresight to see that it would be useful someday. Of course, I saw my dad do it, and he obviously taught me a lot about songwriting. My dad said something interesting to me. He had a rough childhood—he came from a broken home—and yet was always very positive in his songwriting, his message was really uplifting. Somebody asked him where his inspiration comes from when he’s writing, and he responded that he always wrote about how he wished his life was, not how it actually was, how he wanted it to be. I thought that was really cool, to be able to twist anything and make a positive message out of it. I’ve learned a lot from him out of my 30 years of studying him. I was really blessed that he put great music in front of me for me to learn from versus some of the stuff that’s pretty bad [laughs].  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. From all of these influences, how is it that you came to the sound you have now? I have a lot of modern influences even just in production, with the sound and current alternative stuff. Finding your niche within that, going back and taking some older retro production vibes and going in some of that—I would say it came from a lot of trial and error, honestly, just throwing a bunch of things at the wall. I was frustrated with not having a sound, so I went back and listened to a lot of Beach Boys stuff, as well as diving into deep tracks of music, while always wanting to make stuff that lasts for a long time. You find inspiration from the best.   You’re getting what inspiration you can from different artists and injecting it into your own style. Exactly. It’s like I really liked the way they presented that sound, how they had fifty different voices way back then, and just finding your own voice within that. A lot of the stuff I love listening to is just stuff that I want to drive to. Then I did a bunch of tours with just me and an acoustic, that singer-songwriter stuff. That’s a different side of me that is there, but after a while you just want to put on a rock show, you want to have fun, you want to express yourself and do crazy shit and not give a fuck about anybody.  GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and talents own ring. That’s actually what I wanted to ask you about next, about your shift from performing solo to having a band. It makes sense that you did it like your father before with the singer-songwriter aspect, and then you wanted to branch out.  That side of it for me is about expressing your emotions. You’ll to be up there, you’re vulnerable, and pouring your soul out. The band stuff and the energy—the crowd has so much to do with it. It’s such a release to be able to express yourself, and be that big, and be that loud, and to do whatever the fuck you wanna do. There’s such a rush in that, and when you go on and perform, you just black out—from the time it starts to the time it ends. Then all of a sudden I’m going, “Wait, is it over? Did that just happen?” It’s almost like its own drug, which you can get out of the singer-songwriter stuff, but that’s a little more therapeutic, and reliving some dark, heavier stuff.  You also have this support network of the rest of your band with you on stage.  Yeah. It’s fun to be able to make music with your friends, to shake out all of your anxiety, and nerves. I’m not a great dancer, so on stage I can just do the weirdest, craziest, stupidest stuff, and not give a fuck. That’s one of the things I like. That’s the only time you’re gonna see me blow off steam. It’s almost like you turn into a different person, which I love. That has a very similar connection with me that acting does. When acting, you get to disappear for a second. GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and KSWISS shoes. I really like that, because there’s also this other side of performing that’s filled with nerves, and you’re always worried about what people will think. But when it’s right for you, you just melt into it.  Once you say, “Fuck it,” and jump off…The first time I started doing live stuff with a band, I was learning my body, and how I move, and how I do things. But then, once you rip the band aid off and learn to not give a shit, to just have fun and move around like nobody’s watching…that’s the best. Once you can take that jump, it’s fun.  Great. I’m wondering, what artists today would you like to collaborate with if you had the opportunity? I would love to collaborate with Sting or, I listened to a lot of Aerosmith growing up they were probably one of my favorite bands. I don’t know what that would sound like, but probably more so the legends. Just to be able to say I did it and pick their brain. To get into their headspace and see what their creative process is like. Yeah, I’d ask a lot of questions like, “Hey, when you wrote ‘Dude (Looks Like a Lady),’ what was the story behind that? I’d probably be the most annoying person sitting next to them, because I would be asking them so many questions. I find that the process of songwriting is so different for everybody that “What inspired this, what inspired this, what inspired this” might open your eyes to all the things around you that you wouldn’t normally pay attention to.  BEN SHERMAN t-shirt, KENZO pants, and BALLY shoes. Going off of that, I want to ask you a similar question about your upcoming single “My Ex.” The songs on your Man on the Moon EP have a lot to do with past relationships and the effect they had on you. How does this single play off that? What inspired this direction that you’re going in? I wrote this song the next day after running into one of my exes. I ran into her at the bar and she was with one of her friends, and I used to hang out with both of them when we were together. I run into this person all the time, and I ran into her, and every time I run into her she’s with her boyfriend. It’s a little odd, because he’s just a little bit odd about it. We’re cool though, I love her to death she’s super sweet. She started flirting with me a little bit, talking and drinking. To make a long story short, we hung out and afterwards I felt like she was making a move on me—not that I would’ve done anything. Then her boyfriend showed up and the whole vibe completely changed. I found all of this really interesting, so the next day when I went into the studio to write, I started working on the track with my buddy, and in thirty minutes I had the song written. The thing I thought was interesting was, what if I actually did go home with my ex-girlfriend and she left her current boyfriend? I just thought that would’ve been an interesting hypothetical situation, because once you had that relationship with somebody, there’s always something that’s underneath a little bit. You’re always wondering “What if it turned out differently?  When you’re young, relationships end for reasons that when you’re older I’m sure they never would. There’s probably a reason and a good reason it did end. I self-examine a lot of my dating life. It’s an easy thing for me to really look at that while I’m writing.  That’s a positive thing—self-examination, looking at how everything went down and how you can change for the future—it’s a very good thing. It’s very much like therapy.  Like self-therapy almost.  It is difficult to analyze yourself without you running through your own protective filter. When something happens in a relationship, people see it from a slanted view where they end up not being as harsh on themselves as they are on the person they’re breaking up with. Being that way with yourself can be tough.  KENZO jacket and pants. Very true. My final question is, you know how people usually get an impression of an artist whenever they listen to their album or a single. I’m wondering, with the debut album you’re releasing next year, is there a specific impression you want people to get of you, whether as a person or as a musician? That’s a good question. My goal for this next batch of songs is—everybody relates to love, loss, things changing. They might not relate to the exact story, but everybody has felt that way, everyone has had that emotion. Being able to really put out emotions that are relatable, that hard stuff that you don’t really want to talk about, or being able to share the good feelings. It’s about being able to emote and give people something they can relate to.  They end up feeling an emotional connection to it. They have a connection to the music. Even if it is specific to my story. That’s probably the main goal.  That’s probably the main unifier between people and music—the ability to connect with an emotion or lyric, anything about it—it’s great.  It could just be a lyric, it could be something that makes you say “I felt that way.” Even Drake with “Why you gotta fight with me at Cheesecake Factory/ You know I love to go there.” That’s funny, and it’s real. I think it’s genius how specific that is, because you can’t make that shit up.  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. It’s specific enough that you can imagine being in a similar situation. Everybody has got into a fight with somebody at a place like that. Cheesecake Factory is just—I think that’s hilarious. Drake does that better than anyone. Great. That’s it on my part, is there anything you wanted to talk about that we haven’t touched on? We talked about the sound, the inspiration…The one thing I also wanted to talk about…just the…I guess we talked about it. Letting people in and getting a good look at who I actually am and what goes on behind the curtains, what grinds my gears I guess. Especially with this new project you’re doing, it’s a new path, and for people to see that and get their impression of you, it’s really important. It’s new for me, but it’s also thirty years of  my experience in self-discovery, and giving people a look into the reality of where I’ve been and where I’ve come from, that’s really important. That’s great. We very much look forward to your new material.  Yeah, I’m constantly writing, so hopefully I’ll get a bunch of new stuff out there.  Photographed by Jonny Marlow at Early Morning Riot. Styled by Brendon Alexander. Grooming: Avian King using Davines at The Rex Agency. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   A woman with a past containing hardships to a future where she can clearly see what she wants, Diana Gordon is back with her new single, “Becoming” which is all about celebrating hard work, being in control, and having her family by her side. She is a multi talented woman who sings, song writes, produces, and is a visual artist. Diana is not afraid to be herself and through her voice and singing, she has been able to have an emotional outlet. Her music is a mix of rhythmic drums, alternative rock, and dark folk, which create a melodic base for her powerful and captivating voice.  Diana has won Grammys in the past for her songwriting and producing work with many prominent artists, including Mark Ronson, Dua Lipa (“Electricity”), Beyonce ("Sorry", "Daddy Lessons", "Don't Hurt Yourself'), and more.  Her 2018 EP Pure was described by Pitchfork as being, “marked by her striking voice and emotional candor.” Diana has an album set to come out next year and will follow the tone of her new single “Becoming.”   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The high desert has remained as popular as it was 40 years ago to getaway to, when your dad was planning a Joshua Tree trip with his buddies and forgot to pack the trail mix, as well as the good suede boston birkenstock’s.  HWY 62 ART TOURS is becoming one of the fastest growing attractions taking place over 3 weekends in October, featuring 150 artists opening their studios to showcase artwork.  Part of the fun derrives from its self-driven aspect, furtherly explained by Art Tours Director, Bill Green: “The best thing about the Art Tours is that you never know what you’ll discover. With over 30 different categories of art, you might see a tile house followed by an abstract painter followed by a sculptor. You get to choose what you want based on your interest. There are so many different artists here with unique studio spaces that you can’t possibly see them all. It’s a big reason why we went to three weekends this year.” This special desert art tour taking place under the stars will take place this month in October over the spand of 3 weeks.  Weekend Oct. 5th & 6th, the 11th & 12th, and lastly the 18th & 19th. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Photo courtesy Nike. This is what we have been waiting for. In Los Angeles, Nike is coming out with limited-edition Air Max 270 React sneakers and fleece hoodies. Not only are they limited-edition, they are specially-designed by three talented L.A. artists: Sage Adams, Jheyda McGarrell, and Gabrielle Richardson. Each artist used their stories to create a this new collection of sneakers and hoodies, incorporating their unique style and flare. Flaunt was fortunate enough to get to chat with the women, see below.  SAGE ADAMS: The NY Transplant “Designed by artist and curator Sage Adams, this Air Max 270 React is a reinvention of the classic white shoe that Adams saw in her childhood. The shoe comes outfitted with a pizza slice charm to nod to the classic comfort from her home-state, a reminder to pay tribute to your roots.” What inspired you to pursue art? For me the lack of representation of marginalized people as popular visual artists really spoke to a gap I wanted to fill. We needed more than Basquiat, we needed to know Carrie Mae Weems, Kara Walker, Henry Taylor! I needed to see more of a spectrum of the stories being told and mediums used.  Do you feel that art has opened up new possibilities for expression for you?  Art In many ways has taken over how I see the world. Before I started breaking things down into shape rather than how they ‘actually look’ was the moment I began to feel like an artist. It’s opened my mind to an array of possibilities otherwise deemed impossible. I didn’t even think I could draw as a kid. What is the process you go through when curating an exhibition? Do you have a specific message in mind? For me it’s getting to know the artist and what made them make the thing and then it’s how do these things come together to tell the story.  What connects the works, what makes them different from other pieces in archive? What medium? What does the architecture of the actual gallery space look like? Creating an authentic representation of an idea or ethos is one of the hardest and most rewarding things there is.   JHEYDA MCGARRELL: The Homegrown Angeleno “L.A. native artist Jheyda McGarrell’s take on the Air Max 270 React is influenced by her Black and Mexican upbringing. Pops of red pay homage to rose bushes grown in the front yard of her childhood home, while gold accents represent the evolving idea of opulence for Black and Brown communities. Topped off with a cherub charm, a reminder to honor traditions and use the lessons of the past to keep it moving forward.” Questions for Jhyeda Mcgarrell: How does your heritage, as an Angeleno of both Black and Mexican decent, reflect onto your artwork? My heritage is reflected in all of my work due to the heavy impact of it in my formation. The contention of growing up experiencing all these different aspects of culture and tradition is an experience many without their stories ever been told. This specific project in my mind has worked to piece together the different aspects of the different culture backgrounds, that our two cultures share. This shoe to me bridges the created tension of an American landscape. It shows the ways we are one and the ways people like me live between these different ideologies and physical spaces. It bridges the weird black kid in the white neighborhood to the dark skinned mixed Mexican kid growing up with Tias smoothing down their curls and gives us space to just be all our different facets without contention.  What was the most rewarding and challenging part of this process? The most rewarding part in this has been seeing the smile on my mom’s face when I told her I was working on a collaboration with Nike. The most challenging but also rewarding part has been working with an entire crew of people to execute an idea which is still relatively new to me. It’s so beautiful to see all these brilliant, different minds working to make something I once imagined.  What do you hope people feel when they wear your shoes/hoodie? Confidence? Individuality?  I hope when they wear the apparel they feel like they are truly reflecting their highest self. I hope they feel comfortable and free. I hope they feel every good emotion that has been out into the making and the lifestyle behind the creation. I hope they feel loved because I know I do from them.  What qualities do you see in yourself that you know you got from your family? Pretty much everything. My family is completely made up of immigrants and all of the qualities I’ve gained from their strength and preservation in a country against them is appreciated. I have learned love and a desire to improve our lives and the lives around us and to honor heritage. I have learned even the qualities they might oppose in me. I have learned to always crave freedom and to always have a strong sense of self among so many other things.  It is so amazing that you get to work with Nike to be a source of inspiration for many people. What has inspired you, and in return, what do you want your work to inspire in others?  Thank you! It is literally such an honor. I’ve been inspired by everyone around me embodying the phrase “existence is resistance”. I’ve been inspired by the black, the brown, the indigenous, the queer, the trans, the fat, the disabled, the people who make up the qualities most worth embodying, utter freedom of expression and true strength. I hope my work inspires people to follow myself and others in moving forward towards freeing themselves and seeing the value in their everyday life, even when it’s boring, even if you hate yourself, like I did once and still do sometimes, I hope they know they are important.  GABRIELLE RICHARDSON: The Passionate Traveler “Neon meets pastel in a technicolor dream in the Air Max 270 React designed by model and multimedia artist Gabrielle Richardson. The colorway exhibits the dichotomy of the modern-day jetsetter — neon being those moments of movement, and pastels representing the comforts of home. Embellished with a ‘Real’ charm, an encouragement to make creative dreams a reality without letting others restrict your point of view.” Questions for Gabby Richardson: Which place that you’ve travelled to been the most influential, or just your favorite and why? I think the most influential place I’ve ever been is in Cape Town, South Africa. It was beautiful to be in a majority black country, but still felt a sense of disillusion being in a country with such an intense racial caste system. I felt so lucky to be in Africa, a continent that felt so connected to my identity but where I had never been. I met so many young talented South African artists in Cape Town who shared their art with me, and it reinforced my drive to do better to create and facilitate spaces for young black kids globally. What do you want people to feel or think when wearing your design? I want people to feel validated, I want to give people hope. I want people to know, in our constant shared state of anxiety that we live in that there is a silver lining. I used the neon colors because they’re utilitarian colors used often in industrial and emergency settings, I offset the abrasive colors with pastels to give it a sense of softness, and a sheer window so people can show off their personality. I think the real chain is self-explanatory, what you do, whatever you want to do, that shits real, that shits valid, don’t let anyone limit you and tell you that your aspirations are fake. What does it mean for you to be a part of Nike’s limited edition collection? It feels crazy! I As a child I never thought it was a possibility for me to work in the creative world and even more of a ludicrous fantasy to be able to have my own shoe. I think it’s a testament that any dream you have can be built. This journey with Nike has been a really formative experience for me as artist, I have never been so affirmed in my artistry. I was able to direct so many aspects of the campaign from the casting, color ways, and insert in the shoe. Being believed in is a magic that I want to pass on. Everything can be real!! What does travel mean to you? Through my time traveling I’ve realized that I learn mostly through experience. Through meeting people and exchanging stories of each other’s lives, I not only gain an objective knowledge but also broaden my emotional intelligence. A willingness to learn doesn't have to only connote traditional practices of learning, an education can be childlike and involves a lot of falling and getting back up. Traveling allows to see me to see the world for the first time always, everything and anything can fill me with wonder.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    WILDFOX clothing.  WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, JF LONDON shoes, ASOS belt, and KRYSIA RENAI necklace.  WILDFOX clothing and DALMATA necklace and ring.  WILDFOX clothing, B JAMES bag, WOLF CIRCUS necklace, and FARRADAS KNITS clips.  WILDFOX t-shirt and CLYDE hat  WILDFOX clothing, ASOS headband, IMAGO-A belt, and MALONE SOULIERS shoes.  WILDFOX clothing and MISCREANTS gloves.   Left to right: WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, VIA SPIGA shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. WILDFOX sunglasses, MALONE SOULIERS shoes, FARRADAS KNITSearrings, I.O. COLLECTIVE ring, and NORA KOGAN ring.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings.  WILDFOX clothing, TIBI belt, LADY GREY earrings, and MARY MACGILL necklace.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. In a city more rife with wantrepreneurs than we care to truly consider, there are origin stories aplenty. Divided this in two, split that up, and presto! Success! Took the family business and scaled it. Had an invention idea come in a dream and now we're shipping ten thousand units. Was in the right place at the right time. Knew a guy who knew a guy and the rest is history. Often rather boring stories. But how often do you hear of success stories that originate in the club? Business is done in clubs, business is celebrated in clubs, but rarely do you witness material success be birthed in the club. Enter saxophonist and entrepreneur Jimmy Sommers, CEO of Wildfox and 100% owner of the lifestyle brand known for its sun-soaked, sexy California attitude. In addition to being Wildfox CEO, Jimmy Sommers is a partner in top shelf tequila, Perfectomundo, with multi-Grammy winning DJ and producer, Paul Oakenfold, and owns a boutique line of beautifully hand-forged eyewear, very appropriately named Sommers.  Wildfox was birthed over a decade ago. While throwing must-attend parties all over the world, and made in LA units flying fast, the company navigated the economic recession and explosion of e-commerce with a big smile on its face. The birth of influencer marketing across Instagram, however, and a glut of fast, cheap fashion brands, have created challenges in recent seasons, and Sommers is continually seeking ways in which to stay true to how his brand was built and scaled, while integrating a modern sensibility for how fashion is currently consumed. Sommers took time on the deck of his Modern home in the Hollywood Hills, to speak on the changes he's witnessed in the apparel industry, as well as Los Angeles, as well as his only-in-Hollywood story of rising to musical prominence, and in so doing, creating a platform for himself with which to meet the world and explore other ventures. In support is a Wildfox Fall '19 editorial, photographed on the azure hills of Malibu late this summer by frequent Flaunt photographer, Shane McCauley. You found your footing in Hollywood with an exceptional saxophone talent right?  Exactly, being good at something was my way in. The saxophone was my in to Hollywood, in to different events, meeting people. It was a tool. I used the sax as a tool. In college I got a scholarship for it. Then I got to take a crack at LA because I had a reason: to become a professional saxophone player. I was very fortunate to have parents that are supportive and together still, which is rare. They’re my backbone.   And what sort of evolutions have you observed in the music industry over time? The music industry is… well, it’s funny because when I came out here there was something called smooth jazz, and there were jazz and smooth jazz stations. I grew up listening to David Sanborn and Marcus Miller and their style was my key influence. I had gigs all the time. But that’s changed and so has my music career. I used to go on tour all the time. So, the radio stations changed their formats and then comes Hip-Hop. When I was out here recording, it was Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg and Tupac and that era, which was cool shit—it still is cool—but now it’s a whole new and different thing.  You actually mentioned you recorded with all manner of artists at the time, like Tupac himself? Well it just happened that Dr. Dre and Tupac’s engineer lived in my house on Sunset. That’s how it came to be. All of the sudden I was exposed to this music, so then I was playing with them… What’s interesting is that when I was out here, I played saxophone at the China Club, and the China Club is where all the musicians came. I played with Prince, I played with the Kal David band. Rick James came to play. I was immersed with all these great musicians. And what was the sort of lightning bolt moment that deepened your involvement? I was a guest at a part of John Paul DeJoria’s house, the guy that started Paul Mitchell. I was at the bar drinking Patrón with Rod Stewart, who I had just met. We got to laughing and I said, “Rod, let’s go play with the band. I’ve got my sax in the car.” I went to get out my sax and next thing we’re on stage with the band. And that’s where JP was like, ‘Wow, you’re great.’ I didn’t have a record deal at the time, but he was like, ‘How can I help you? Come to my office.’ So inspiring. So I end up playing his gatherings where ten thousand people come, all his hairdressers. He puts a package together, about a hundred and fifty thousand CDs, and distributes them at the salons, which was a catapult to me getting a record deal. It was outside the box, and that really helped me stand out from the rest. That’s what he does. He builds people up. All of the sudden, when my record was done, all of the record labels wanted some. That’s when I ended up getting into the record business with Universal. They pushed me because JP believed in me. And what a vision. He actually started Patrón Tequila 29 years ago, sold it for five billion bucks. And what is he doing now? Giving back. He’s doing great things, and he’s always done that. Doesn’t just go buy a yacht or whatever. He’s such a humanitarian. The guy is just too good to be true. WILDFOX clothing And now you’ve launched your own tequila brand, Perfectomundo? My best friend met someone that owned the best distillery in Mexico. He said ‘we have the best blend of Tequila,’ so we decided to make it. We ended up collaborating with Paul Oakenfold to do Perfectomundo tequila, which is the same name as Paul’s label. It seemed like a good fit. It’s nice to have a business with friends that you can enjoy. We started it a couple years ago, and it’s doing great, and God damn you should try it. It’s delicious! Tequila’s growing big time. And ours has been rated in several shows and tastings, it’s won a lot of awards. The problem with these big tequila companies is they can’t make it fast enough. So they pump it through, and it’s not as good anymore. Being a boutique brand, it’s small batches, and extremely good. Has LA changed a lot to you since coming here? Oh man, in so many ways. To start, there was no bottle service. You’d go out, it wasn’t all the phones with the cameras. You’d go out there, you’d talk to people, not everyone was staring at their phones. That’s just in general, not just LA. But it’s not the same as it used to be. It still is beautiful. It’s still got talented people. Beautiful beaches, you know, beautiful hills. I suppose it’s just that technology has changed.   And how did you make the music to fashion transition? Were you inspired by something in general? Being in that circuit, going to Paris, seeing all that, the fashion shows and having friends in the fashion business was major. And what goes on in London, Paris, Milan—it's so different. Music propelled me to go and experience the world and fortunately enough there came an opportunity to get involved in something else. I knew what was going on in fashion, I was going to the trade shows, seeing what people were doing out there. And to put a different spin on something was key. These two girls came and pitched an idea, something different with a t-shirt company. Oversized, different shapes, something completely different. That’s when we first launched Wildfox. And of course it blew up. Was there a key moment in time? A couple girls came to me with an idea. I said as long as it’s the coziest, softest material, I’m down. That’s what I was going for—the best materials with the right washes. But, we couldn’t even get into the majors, because we had just started. One day, a friend, Alessandra Ambrosio, said, ‘Jimmy Sommers, I’ll model for you. I’ll put your clothes on and I’ll take some pictures. But you do it! You take the pictures.’ So when she was in town, I threw the T-Shirts on her. I had never done this before, so I went to Samy’s Camera and said, ‘Give me your best camera.; It was a 5D and I said, ‘Well, what do you do? I’m shooting a Victoria’s Secret model, what do you do?’ And they just go, ‘Yeah right, sir. Just put it in auto.”’ So, I bought the camera for five grand and went and she put on all the shirts. Then Alessandra was like, ‘Well you can’t use these because Victoria’s Secret is going to get mad.’ So, I said, ‘Ok, of course not, I won’t use these.’ Then, at the trade show, I blew up the biggest photo of her, which was overlooking the whole show. People took notice, and the first order I got was a $60,000 order from Kitson. And I go, ‘How did you see us over here? We’re not even in the main show!?’ And of course they said ‘well, we saw that poster of Alessandra.’ Of course, I was in debt, so it was so great. Alessandra was the key thing. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. How would you describe the identity of the Wildfox brand, how it came to be a force? I’d say along the lines of, ‘Oh, that’s the brand with the softest material,’ the funny sayings, ‘celebrities wear it’, that sorta thing. As the current Wildfox CEO, I ensure we make all our clothes in LA, and it’s great stuff that’ll last forever. Quality. Any person that has a shirt since we started is still wearing it—I’m wearing one right now. They’re out there and they’ve got a frickin’ Wildfox—especially in LA and New York and London—they have something of ours in their closet. Now these other brands come, these fast fashion brands that have Internet money, and it’s cheaper clothes. And there’s all this paying people to wear stuff. We never had to do that when I started. And there’s a lot of that now. Yes, and the mimicry scales so fast. There’s a lot of copycat brands, but what can you do? Just be original. When I started as Wildfox CEO, we thought simply: let’s make t-shirts like butter. The softest t-shirts ever. People say that our first shirts are like fine wine. They just keep getting better and better. They don’t fall apart. Now we have to keep evolving and doing other things. From dresses and higher fashion stuff. Everyone still loves a good shirt and sweats and loungewear, but you have to watch where the world is up to. And now we’re all watching each other on little screens? Yes! Instagram wasn’t around when we started. In fact, we were one of the first accounts to get so many followers. Now, everyone’s influenced by it, which is kind of sad, because it can easily get carried away. It’s good to get these people’s support, but you know… these influencers have so much coming to them. If someone likes a brand, they’ll wear it and talk about it. I talk about a lot of things I like. But, like, one post? It’s not sincere. Left to right: CLYDE hat, JF LONDON shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. CLYDE hat, HARDEMAN shoes, stylist’s own socks, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings. And have you felt tested by owning a company, dealing with the ebbs and flows from the top? Of course. Having a company, you’re working with people, spending more time with your colleagues than anyone. It’s nice to do special things and, hey, if you can be successful and be funny as a company, isn’t that great for everyone involved? Me, being an artist, I get carried away a little and spend too much, and it catches up. This month we are restructuring our offices, tightening up my business. Now we have all these incredible new designs, and there’s excitement at first, then a little stagnancy. Like a relationship. You have to keep tooling and pushing. And do you feel the trajectory is normal for a brand, like a cycle, or is Jimmy Sommers’ Wildfox different?  There are unique circumstances to Wildfox and then much of it is normal high’s and low’s for any brand. Looking back, when you’re rising every year, a lot of big brands would call me and I gave them the middle finger because I thought everything was going to keep going up. ‘I don’t need this, everything's fine.’ But sometimes you do need someone to come in and give some help. It’s been my strategy to stay a one hundred percent owner, but I'm always looking for a strategic partner who can grow it bigger and bigger. You’re always hearing about the pitfalls of growth in the fashion and apparel industry. Any truth to that? You get cocky, but, you know, the consistent factor is you always need some really good people around. I’m still dealing with people that I find out they were faking it. It’s like, what was I doing for the last seven years paying you a hundred and twenty grand? What were you doing? Because I love it when people leave or go and you don’t even need to replace them. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. And how about outside insights or consultation? Not being from this business, I’ve hired a lot of consultants. I’ve figured out that they’ve told me everything I was already doing. With consultants, I’ve learned they’re typically the failed CEOs of their own businesses, or CEOs that got fired, and they want a lot of money. Every consultant I’ve taken aboard hasn’t changed shit. They’ll move certain things around and they’re just shuffling papers. They’ll come in and paper shuffle, and it’s like ‘Oh my God, how much money am I spending?’ So perhaps it’s more in the creative structure? Who at this stage might you think to be an ideal partner? It’s got to be a funny cat. Look at Pharrell! He’s got all this crazy music, he’s great. We’ve met a few times and once I was like, ‘Aren’t you doing fashion?’ and he named four different companies. Wow, what a talent. So someone like that I’d like to get in the mix. New approach on creative ideas. Even Nike does all these things. Collaborations are big business these days. It sparks energy into something, so I’m looking for collabs and there’s a lot of possibilities. Jimmy, aside from being Wildfox CEO and tequila entrepreneur, how about your personal trajectory? Any excerpts from the book of life? All you can do is just learn from life and other people. But you have to trust other people so you truly can learn from them. And that doesn’t always work out, but you have to try. ‘If you look back,’ my father used to ask me, ‘would you change anything?’ You know what, no I wouldn’t. But maybe I have to say that because my father asked me! And how about music? You’re still keeping an eye on the scene? I’m always supporting new artists, as I was one back in the day. Lately I’ve been signing country artists. I know how it is, it’s tough. So it’s nice for me to help out other people, and not just for one song. You have to throw a lot in there and see what sticks. I did that with my music. I worked on three albums at once, and could never finish anything! But then I’d be putting together a record in Chicago, and I’d meet someone and they’d be like, ‘Let’s have ten songs in three months.’ And I was like, ‘Wow, that works.’ Deadlines are important! CLYDE hat, TIBI shoes, IMAGO-A bag, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace. And you’re building a studio up here in the Hills? It’s pretty amazing, the sound. I have a great sound system up here, and you can really hear when someone knows how to record, or mix. Man, that’s a big deal, the mixing. My favorite place to create is like this, where something sounds good. You know, in the Hills, in the studio. That’s why Tupac and everyone used to roll through back in the day! I had a recording studio! That’s why I’m building a new one up here. It’s a special spot. When you’re first in the Hills, you look out there and you’re thinking ‘Wow, I wanna move out here.’ And so I’ve always lived in the Hills, from all the way around. Like seven different houses, and I finally bought one. I look out, and I see the city sparkling, and all those people and their lives from here to as far as you can see, and you’re just on top of the hill, on top of the world. It feels frickin’ good, and it still does. And how’s it all going to land? What’s the big picture look like? Well, it would be nice to have a great relationship, and kids, and this and that. But who knows? Let’s just say I’m gonna die however, but with a smile on my face. Peter Fonda just passed away, and you know, his sister Jane, that’s what she said, that he ‘passed but he had a smile on his face.’ It’s like, have a good ride, because we’re not here forever. Photographed by Shane McCauley.  Flaunt Film Directed by Lucas Chemotti. Models: Dani Dolinger at LA Models and Patterson Wells at Visions Models LA. Styled by Britton Litow. Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co and Oribe at Nest Artists. Makeup: Cedric Jolivet using MAC Cosmetics at Lowe & Co. Manicurist: Lisa Jachno using Chanel Le Vernis at Opus Beauty. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019 The contemporary jewelry line, AGMES, is the brainchild of Morgan and Jaclyn Solomon. Each collection is influenced by facets of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art. The geometric and sculptural, metallic silhouettes reflect modern heirlooms, meant to last a lifetime. Handcrafted in New York, the sisters provide local jobs and utilize recycled metals, which is central to their code of ethicality. With the release of their Fall 2019 lookbook, Flaunt spoke with the Solomon gals to chat all things AGMES. Tell us about the inception of AGMES. Morgan Solomon: We hadn’t anticipated starting a line together years ago, it all happened naturally and kind of fell into place this way. I was working as a buyer at Bloomingdale’s at the time but always felt like something was missing in my life. After catching up with an old friend, I was re-inspired and decided to pursue jewelry design full-time. Meanwhile, Jaclyn had just resigned from her job as a sweater designer at Proenza Schouler. She had planned to take a little time off, but as I was getting ready to launch my first collection, I was asking her for more and more input. It started out with small projects, to larger projects like producing our first lookbook, and naturally led us to form a partnership. What aspects of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art inspire the geometry of your designs? MS: Our collection is very sculptural in nature, so we’re often inspired by sculptors such as Jean Arp, Henry Moore, and Barbara Hepworth, to name a few. We’ve also been greatly inspired by the designs of Charlotte Perriand, Pierre Jeanneret, and Mies van der Rohe. For our most recent SS19 collection, we drew from Ellsworth Kelly’s plant drawings. What dedications has the brand made in regards to sustainability?  MS: Sustainability has always been very important to us, but we feel that now more than ever, it’s crucial to keep our environmental footprint as small as possible. There is so much waste in this industry, and we think it’s our responsibility to make sure we’re not adding to the problem. All our products are made locally in NYC, which helps keep our carbon footprint small, and we use only recycled metals for all our jewelry. Any excess metal that hasn’t been used in our jewelry is melted and repurposed for new pieces.  Jaclyn Solomon: We recycle and reuse everything we can. We’re always bringing in bubble wrap, packaging materials, boxes, etc. from packages we receive at home so that we can reuse them instead of letting them go to waste. What are some of the ideas and concepts behind your Fall 2019 collection? JS: We drew from one of our favorite pieces from the existing collection, the Gabriela Bangle, which we had hand-formed from clay. We love the weight of this piece, the feel of it, and the look. So we wanted to continue playing with this sculptural hand-formed look, but play with the proportions and symmetry further. Most of this collection came from pieces we hand-formed from clay. Do you have a favorite piece from the collection? JS: My favorite is the Gabriela Hairclip! MS: I’ve been wearing the Medium Celia Hoops almost every day lately. And I’ve also been wearing our Domed Ring layered with the Cara Ring from last season. I love being able to build off the styles I already have.  What’s next?  MS: We’ve only just begun expanding into the accessories category – first jewelry, and then we introduced some home and hair accessories. We’ve been exploring the idea of expanding further into these categories, in a way that stays true to us – beautiful organic forms, all of which will become modern heirlooms and embody a sense of timelessness. Photography: Arno Frugier Creative direction: Ashley Helvey Model: Audrey Marnay Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Perverze is the burgeoning Tokyo-based, avant-garde street label taking off in global proportions. The brand is comprised of an on-going collaboration between creative visionaries in Japan, and founded on the retro styles of the 80s and 90s counterculture. Despite the decline of fashion retailers in recent years, Perverze is one of Japan's fastest-growing fashion startups. From shredded knits to tailored coats and bucket hats, the brand champions it's vintage aesthetic with modern functionality.  With recent media frenzy, Perverze has teamed up with Assembly NY to launch it's official U.S. presence. Starting November 15th, the Fall/Winter 2019 collection will be on display in New York's Lower East Side for a month-long showcase. Although this pop-up will be brief, Perverze has no plans to slow down any time soon. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On a mid-fall afternoon, Graham Tyler and I sat down at the High Line Hotel. Surrounded by its collegiate gothic-style architecture and mid-19th-century mementos, we reflect on the time ambiguousness of it— much like his work. Once a student of sculpture and millinery, Tyler found his craft somewhere between bespoke and ready-to-wear, although, he’s not the typical trend-leaning, Instagram-hype designer we’ve become accustomed to. Rather, he’s more introspective, and frankly, unparalleled in his skill. Blending Renaissance, Edwardian, and Victorian silhouettes, Graham modernizes each garment reference through a contemporary lens. In conversation, we spoke of his interests, inspirations, and career from past to present.  How did you decide to study sculpture at Cleveland Institute of Art, and how did that lead you to your millinery apprenticeship with Marta Glazen? I started with painting, and my work was about the body. When it came to actually choosing my major, I ended up going with sculpture because I was more interested in tactile 3d works at the time. And again, I was making a lot of things about the body. From there, I realized I really wanted to learn a craft and wanted to have a skill— a real solid craft skill set. I was looking around at what would be of interest to me, and then I became kind of obsessive about really fascinating textiles. So just in happenstance, I found a woman in Cleveland that was taking an apprentice. Her name was Marta, and she took me in very kindly, and it was very intense; it was about two years with her. Two years, for five, maybe six days a week. I learned a lot from her. She's worked with everybody, and she was wonderful.  How did you decide to switch from sculpture to hats to ready to wear? I was making headwear for a lot of different people in New York, from stylists to runway to a lot of nightlife personalities. People would constantly ask me, "Can you make a garment to go with the hats that your making?" So I thought that I probably should learn how to make clothes. I was making a lot of clothing and headwear. Then, some of the designers that I was working with for their own lines  said, "Just start your own thing."  You went on to make custom headwear for Lady Gaga, Barneys NY, Adam Selman, and Polo Ralph Lauren, to name a few. What were those experiences like? Ralph Lauren for Polo was a full-time day job, and I was doing headwear. That was a really great experience of learning the ins and outs of a brand and how a brand functions at that scale. It's especially nice to work at a brand with such a specific aesthetic. When it comes to celebrities, I work with a few different stylists and such. I largely work with Zaldy, who is a big costume designer. He used to be the designer for LAMB for Gwen Stefani. I worked with him, and it's a really great relationship because he can transfer the information and the aesthetic that they're looking for quite easily. Celebrity work can be tricky because we both come to the table with totally different aesthetics. So I try to translate their thoughts and their words through my hand, which can be kind of a tedious process. It's a lot of give and take on that, but in the end, it's fun. Speaking of costume design— have you ever considered crossing over into that category? I mean, I now understand why Christian Lacroix decided to be a costume designer. Because there's a lot more freedom in that— I don't think I would, because I don't feel that my clothes and the topics that I'm discussing in my work translate well on stage, so I probably would never become a costume designer. None of my clothes have any historical accuracy. I'm usually re-cutting a historical garment into something totally different, or I cut a jacket as a shirt, and I cut a corset as a jacket. I kind of am shifting and re-translating and re-curating things. Your silhouettes are a modern and original take on historical fashion with an emphasis on curved seams, leg of mutton sleeves, corsets, suit vests, and so on. What era's in fashion do you find most influential to you? And do you see a resurgence in antiquated-style clothing? I think the world is consistently reflexive. I think that that is relevant to me. I do see a resurgence in— at least currently, there's a lot of Victorian and Edwardian references transpiring. Especially with puffed sleeves, these are quite popular at the moment. The most recent collection was largely about Mary Shelley and her husband and the Pforzheimer collection at the New York Public Library, which focuses on 1819 to 1845. I mainly stuck to that time period as to the corsets, jackets, and shirts that I was cutting— I was referencing those styles. My work blends Renaissance, Edwardian, Victorian, and some extremely contemporary styles of cutting so that things never feel historical, and they never feel contemporary. They always feel like this very time ambiguous work, which I think is a new way of making clothes — to be very time ambiguous about the way that you're working. Overarchingly, people describe my work as being very Amish. I definitely take that as a compliment, just because I think I cut very graphic shapes, but with very tactile textiles and very hand ROT textiles- and that's kind of an Amish practice. The wonderful thing about Amish is that they look the same today as they did, and they do still.  Speaking of your SS20 collection, "The Origin of Failure," what's the meaning behind this title? It's a long, drawn-out situation. Though the collection was about the Pforzheimer collection and Mary Shelley and her husband, it also was in tandem with trying to figure out what contemporarily is a Romantics approach to making things. I was really inspired by glitch art — also, the act of being romantic about pixelated data. A lot of the prints were all glitched out. I was glitching the images with the love letters. I was typing the love letters into the code of the photos and glitching them through that by putting too much data into the back end. So the long drawn out part of it is that there's only one real piece of critical academic writing about the glitch art that's called The Aesthetics of Post-Digital Objects, I believe. It refers to a glitch as the origin of failure. I was really fascinated by that term. Also, it's terminology as linked to Mary Shelley's obsession with failure in her book and most of her literature, but especially in Frankenstein. What were some of your other points of inspiration for the collection?  I was looking at one specific love letter, which is dated August 23rd — my birthday, that Mary Shelley's husband sent to her. Then when he passed away, she rewrote it, and the rewritten version is at the library. That was the main graphic, and then I referenced for the styles that I was cutting a few original Parisian fashion magazines from the early 1800s, these little women's books. Then a diary-slash-entertainment book that a woman named Anne Wagner kept, and I created a dress using her entire book that I reprint. That dress now will be in the permanent collection of the Phorzheimer. They have bought it, and it'll be the only piece of contemporary clothing that exists in their archive, which is really wonderful. Those are the main things that I was focusing on visually.  Do you have a favorite piece from this collection? The jacquard triptych. The three-piece suit that had their love letters and embroidered into it was my favorite look. That garment is made with this new technology that I'm working on with a computer weaving company in California to be able to create jacquard garments with no wastage. That's how the Mary Shelley corset was also created. They normally create a lot of wastage to make that work.  Art plays an innate influence in your work. Do you prefer antiquity or modern art? It's a big mix in between. I don't think there's an art style that I don't like for the most part, but I'm not a big Surrealist fan. There are a few artists that I'm always thinking about, but I only look at historical art when it's when it pertains to a specific topic. I know the Smithsonian Institution in DC was an important gallery to you growing up. What's your favorite museum today? As a child, we went to that museum almost every summer in DC. There's a Vermeer room that was important to me, and the room about Alexander Calder in the Modern was significant for me as a kid. The feeling of uncanniness inspired me in his work. I recently went to the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum. That was probably the most fantastic art experience I've had because it's really beautiful to experience art of that nature and of that caliber on non-white institutional walls. What are some of your favorite art movements and painters? My favorite artist is Joseph Cornell, who created these incredible little boxes filled with objects. He dealt with melancholy, nostalgia, and love in the same way that I do. I have a soft spot for miniatures and small works of art. I am more inspired by the underpaintings of paintings than I am of the paintings themselves. The color palettes from my work are based on Versailles' underpaintings, which are black and white paintings that they do before they do the painting on top. Any of the artists in the Baroque time period did that a lot. I look at Baroque paintings and Baroque unfinished works of art quite often. I also look at Jasper Johns work a lot. Currently, there's an artist Jefferson Hayman. He's a photographer, and he does these really beautiful little photographs that are my current obsession. Your last two collections have focused on the use of muted colors. Why are you more drawn to grays and blacks, and do you plan on reintroducing color in future collections? I'm partially color blind, and managing all of those colors was very hard for me. I realized I was in a very different place at that point in time. The short answer is no; I won't be going back to color. I consider those first two collections iterations of me attempting to figure out what I wanted to make. Then the most recent collections are me telling the world what I am making and what I am planning to continue to make. Gray, black and white will always be the base, and I will softly incorporate beiges and taupes and rusts, and some kind of soft lilacs. Everything else will stay rooted in those colors. I also like that you could, in theory, take any piece from those collections and moving forward be able to put them together because colors will always match up. I think that's important for the people who look at the clothes and also wear them. How do you achieve your impeccable tailoring? What's your trial and error process like while developing silhouettes each collection? My suits are sewn by hand. They are quite meticulously sewn, and I make all of the patterns and samples.  I keep everything really structured, largely just because I'm drawn to those really aesthetic lines. It was more so a very long learning curve to have to teach myself how to sew a suit like that. I was looking at a lot of old designer suits who made stunning haute couture suits. That's where I learned how to make the ones that I make now. So what's next?  I'm launching e-commerce in the next month or so with some of our core styles and shapes. I am really focusing on the dress shirts. That's kind of everyone's favorite item from us. I'm currently in the Elaine Gold Launch Pad program, so lots of things to come through the CFDA and the EGLP. Then I am already starting the textile development process. The process is very long, and we create entirely new textiles every season, almost every textile is exclusive to the brand. I'm in the process of ideation and also agreements between what collection I'm going to be allowed to use next. There's a lot of logistical things with these collections, so I'm working on what collection I'll be using next. Clothing: Graham Tyler ‘The Origin of Failure’ Produced and Directed by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: Jack Belli Styled by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Mia Varrone Model: Inga Dezhina at Supreme Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Veronica Vilim, Luka Sabbat. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Frida Aasen, Laquan Smith, Daniela Braga, Robin Holzken. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Lion Babe. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Beau Jangless. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  LaQuan Smith. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Aamito Lagum. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA Photo by Avi Gill Last Thursday, New York designer LaQuan Smith and cherub denim brand, Jordache, celebrated its capsule collection at Cipriani's private club, Socialista. Elsa Hosk, Luka Sabbat, Danielle Herrington, and Elisa Johnson, to name a few, sported their Jordache x LaQuan Smith looks as they wined, dined, and grooved to an impromptu performance by Lion Babe. The collaboration, displayed in Smith's Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, is inspired by the NYC nightlife, offering a fresh and reinterpreted version of Jordache's playful denim silhouettes. To view the full collection debuted in LaQuan Smith SS20 click here. Photo by Avi Gill Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Kelcie Schofield is the founder and designer of the contemporary clothing label, CIE Denim. Conceived in 2018, Kelcie fills a gap in her industry by reusing and reworking pre-existing denim as well as solidifying a new and less toxic manufacturing process. Whether it’s restructured silhouettes, deadstock materials, or Naveena Mills’ cutting edge Horizon fabric, CIE represents the future of manufactured denim in our increasingly destructive global climate.  In addition to responsible garments, Kelcie melds this effort with creative design applications— each piece one of a kind. With flipped pockets on the ankle hem, an upside-down jean fit, and color-blocked seams, each design reflects a unique twist on traditional denim norms. Post Spring/ Summer 2020 presentation, Flaunt spoke with Schofield to discuss the past, present, and future of CIE Denim. Tell us about the inception of CIE. CIE was started from our two core silhouettes - our upside-down jeans and shorts. I wanted to create an item that made heads turn (literally) but could also be worn day to day. How do you aim to be a new and unique voice in the industry of denim? Every piece we come out with should have something that gives it an extra spark. We’re here to make unique investment pieces that you feel good about buying.  How do you view sustainability as an essential component of the current fashion climate? That’s exactly how I view it - an essential component. Sustainability, for me, is a non-negotiable for any new business to find success in the current climate. Since I launched CIE in 2018, there has been a noticeable change in the industry and how customers view their clothing.  What are your efforts in regards to sustainability? Explain your “slow-fashion” philosophy. I have two sustainable mediums I work with right now. The first and the essence of what built CIE is reworked vintage. Even for our knits, we reworked Hanes T-shirts. Using fully recycled materials creates an exciting challenge for each style that I enjoy working through. For the sustainably manufactured denim that we source through Naveena Mills, we do fully “new” jeans made entirely from the Naveena fabric as well as combining the new fabric with vintage materials.  How do you believe denim will evolve in years to come? I think sustainability will continue to be a driving force in the denim industry. My hope is that companies established and emerging will embrace responsible practices. It’s slowly transitioning, but it’s not quite there yet.  What’s next for CIE? More learning and growing! We plan to push the brand into unexplored territories, whether it’s new materials or new silhouettes.  Clothing: CIE Denim SS20 Photography by: Phoenix Johnson Model: Lyn Hersh Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli. Creative director Wil Beedle hosted an event in honor of AllSaints 25th anniversary.  Accompanied by musical guests such as Flaunt Fave Arsun Sorrenti, the night was a classic celebration at Chateau Marmont’s bungalow 1. Hoards of the coolest kids hung out chain smoking by the pool while a DJ set by Hateboy got the rocking crowd weirding out to some house tracks. The influence soaked crowd included Ariel Beesley, Bec Adams, Ally HilFiger, Amanda Steele, Eddie Mitsou, Gavin Turek, Finneas, Kate Parfet, Kilo Kish, Marta Pozzan, Rainsford, Salem Mitchell, Sara Cummings Zach VIlla, and a host of other Beauts. Photographed by David Vassalli. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The contemporary retail concept, Maiden Name, is the brainchild of Alix Freireich, and David Lê. While the founders met at Vassar College, they reunited to bridge a gap in the interconnected realm of e-commerce. With assistance from Jesse Hudnutt and Susan Lee, the four embark on a journey to reconnect the roots which link fashion and fine art.  Following a seasonal calendar, Maiden Name will organize its collections as an online, and interdisciplinary group show; showcasing exclusive artist collaborations alongside in-house women’s apparel. Like a chest full of curated gold, Maiden Name may hold the key to your future treasures.  In a recent conversation, Flaunt spoke with the founders to discuss the start of this forward-thinking, art formed, and eco-minded community. Tell us about the genesis of your retail concept, Maiden Name. Maiden Name really emerged out of our own sense that we didn't have a place where we loved to shop. It also came out of an acknowledgment that we spend a lot of time shopping and consuming media online, and those activities all seem to take place in the same dead, zombified e-comm context. So when we found ourselves with an opportunity to share work we love, made by people we love, alongside the apparel we make, it felt like there was an opening to use e-comm differently. We call ourselves "Maiden Name" because we want to highlight the people and stories (the "maiden names") that usually get erased when things enter the public sphere. And we wanted to keep this feminist gesture, insisting on a kind of independence, even as we credited those that came before us. Tihngs by Eric Oglander Photo by David Behl What are your thoughts on the link between fine art and fashion? We think about this a lot, in part because we need to protect the fine artists we work with, and an association with fashion can make their work seem trivial. That's just a fact, even though, by and large, we think it's bunk. We think of artist/designers like Sonia Delaunay, or photographers like Grete Stern and Ilse Bing, who all straddled the worlds of art and fashion and did great work (a full century before Sterling Ruby and Cindy Sherman!). That's why we highlight them on our Instagram @maiden.name.store. But we do recognize the need to let art and fashion excel on their own terms. We want to produce fashion that's technically perfect, that's beautiful. Our objects are freer, in some ways, to be about other things––they can be "about" history; they can be weird, or conceptual. What unifies everything is our sense of our customer's needs––they want beautiful, thoughtful, well-made clothes, and they want to collect beautiful, thoughtful, and well-made objects. What influenced the first womenswear collection? The collection draws on Alix's archival research, so it brings together 19th-century reference pieces and touches of the 1970s, modernized and rendered in high-quality materials. The Zoe Shirt, for example, is modeled on an Edwardian grandfather shirt that was still in great condition because it was made in silk. Ours is silk too, and we hope it also lasts a century. We describe the core concept as "70s Renaissance Fair," which sounds odd, but the end products are all meant to be totally wearable and versatile. We want them to be sexy and smart. And it felt like that was missing from what's out there now.   How does sustainability play a part in your collections? Sustainability is core to what we're trying to achieve. We make everything here in NYC, so it's a local supply chain. We use deadstock material, and because our production runs are so small, the wastage is minimal. More broadly, we need to slow consumption down (which is an odd thing for a fashion company to acknowledge). But we want customers to buy less and buy better. Our next step is to scale up in ways that will allow us to ensure sustainability from raw materials to end product. That's a challenge, particularly when you're small. You feature collaborative work with Paul Arnhold’s hand-blown glass and Eric Oglander’s collection of 19th and 20th-century folk art. What prompted the choice of these artists for your first collection?  Paul is a dear friend making very beautiful work here in Brooklyn. That was a no-brainer. We found Eric through his "Craigslist Mirrors" project (@craigslist_mirrors) his Instagram-based collection of images, sourced from Craigslist, of mirrors for sale. We thought that was brilliant. And his Tihngs project is too. Both Eric and Paul have such distinct points of view (and are making work that is almost diametrically opposed, formally). So they seemed like great partners to open the collection with. Indigo Vase by Paul Arnhold Photo by David Behl What are your favorite pieces from your inaugural collection? We love the Tamara Top. It almost verges into historical costume, but doesn't, and ends up being so cool. We also love the Tramp Box, which is sculptural, and modern, and old at the same time, and the Graffiti Vase, which is kind of a twisted take on Paul's other work. And we love the framed set of Leung Kui Ting prints––they look simple, but the more time you spend with them, the more you like them. That's always the real test when you collect.  How do you envision the growth of Maiden Name? I think first and foremost we want Maiden Name to build out the line beyond shirting. We also want to have more of a physical presence. It's hard to communicate something like the perfect fit, or the beauty of hand painting without having people see things in the real world. At the same time, we want to expand our digital presence and knit together a community, folding in our friends in Berlin (at the end of 2019) and then with more cities in 2020. Photography by: Matt Grubb Styling by: Gabriel Held Model: Fiffany Luu Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   While the fashion industry is backed by an insatiable appetite for the new, we find ourselves in a current climate of trying to stay well-fed, while simultaneously reminding ourselves the importance of sustainability. These three young designers have found a way to bring forth something innovative, while also holding themselves accountable. We have Bethany Williams, conceptualizing clothing with a focus on social issues, Christopher John Rogers, designing for those influencing radical change, and Emily Adams Bode, sourcing from the past to create something for the now. Interviewed by Mui-Hai Chu Photo courtesy Bethany Williams What drew to design? My love for fabric construction, and how design can be used to find solutions. I read your mom help knit and create pieces for you. Was she ever in fashion as well? She used to be a pattern cutter for factory in Liverpool,  and now she does soft furnishings and she also does my netting as well. Obviously your family is really important to you. You grew up in Liverpool?  I was born in Liverpool but then I grew up on the Isle of Man. It’s such a small tight-knit community. Loads of things are locally produced and there weren’t many main stores growing up. How do you describe your design process? It always starts with an issue I am trying to solve and then we work with a charity that tries to talk about that issue. What issues are you looking forward to promoting? I think for the next collection I’m working with a charity that makes temporary housing for women and children. Who would you say are your inspiration or muses? I love other designers like Walter Van Beirendonck I’ve been a massive fan girl for a while. Do you have any type of life inspiration outside of fashion? I do like artists like Egon Schiele. I really love his work. My inspiration is probably my family.  What do you think are the bigger challenges you face trying to be sustainable? I think sourcing is a massive one, as is pricing, and having things available. How do you decide to up-cycle a piece? How does the process come about?  It kind of depends on the project we’re doing. We will be doing the collection and there are staples that we always upcycle. I’m trying to introduce more and more. Where do you hope to see yourself in the next five years? I would like to start my own social manufacturing project in the UK. Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy  Christopher John Rogers To start at the beginning, what drew you to design?  Anime, manga, and cartoons—especially people with special powers. The ability for clothing to help people self-actualize and to give them a newfound confidence. You grew up in Louisiana. What effect, if any, did growing up in the south have on your creative evolution?   A real sense of polish and refinement is found in the South – especially in the Black Church. Spending time with my mother and grandmother in church helped me curate an eye for the finish and cut of clothing and has been an inspiration for me ever since. How would you describe your design process?  I'd describe it as visceral. Although I try to be strategic, I'm ultimately extremely influenced by my intuition, emotion, and heavily inspired by color. As a recent graduate, what is the best advice you've received from your mentors at SCAD?  Work hard and stay true to yourself. There are always people that might be more talented or more privileged than you, but hard work and humility know no bounds.  Where do you find inspiration? Everywhere! Debris on the side of the street, mid-century couture, things my friends are wearing, et You've dressed people from Cardi B to Michelle Obama. Having worked with so many influential figures, is there a lasting moment with one that stands out to you the most?  To work with a woman that's equally revered for her intellect and passion, as well as her individualistic sense of style, is definitely a highlight. My family was also extremely proud of me, so that's a plus! Where do you see the fashion industry headed in the next 5 years?  A sense of increased accountability and transparency that's come with the proliferation of social media. I think we're going to see a complete upheaval of the traditional ways of showing and interacting with fashion. Tell us about your fall collection.  Stonehenge, quinceañeras, and Dr. Seuss. What's next?  Everything! We're working on our Spring 2020 collection and are also finalists for the CFDA Vogue Fashion Fund, so we're working our tails off! Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Where are you from, and how has that made an impression on you creatively? I’m from Atlanta. My parents were from Massachusetts, so I spent a lot of time in Cape Cod. I have this juxtaposition of New England and the South. The effect Atlanta had on me was not only the southern hospitality, but a lot about celebrating craft and culture. Tell us about the moment you knew you wanted to become a designer.   In high school, I was taking extracurricular art classes, like how to draw, technical fashion. I also took a croquis drawing class, and it must’ve been junior year that I knew that I wanted to be a designer as a career choice. I went to Parsons for menswear design and I went to Eugene Lang for philosophy. In what ways does the study of philosophy and your interest in fashion design connect? I think it’s primarily the way that I come up with a narrative for the season, and what sorts of questions in culture—my culture, other people’s culture and tradition—should be asked and should be addressed. How to talk about the historical narrative around clothing, and dressing. You’re known for re-contextualizing materials in a lot of your garments, many of which are vintage textiles. How did you get into the textile portion of it? Since I was a little kid, I had been interested in buying antiques and all of the historical narratives alongside that. We would go to all of these antique markets in Atlanta, and flea markets in New England, in and around Massachusetts. Why design menswear? I went to school for it, but I’ve always been interested in designing for someone outside of myself. Tell us about your fall collection. That collection was inspired by a narrative around gallerist Todd Alden, who is an ephemera dealer in downtown New York. I worked with him and talked to him about his life, collecting, what sorts of things inspired him to collect, where he lives, history of that location, his family history, how he came to become a curator, and the moment he opened his own gallery. Where abouts do you find inspiration? Following the life of someone and their relationship to objects, the domestic space, and the traditions that have shaped their lifestyle. Do you ever see yourself getting into womenswear? Not right now. We have a bunch of stores that pick it up as women’s, but it is traditionally a menswear brand. In the future maybe we’ll have a different conversation around that. What’s next?  Right now, we’re working on production, but really building out our own manufacturing space. Most of the collections we make in New York is made in our own studio, so building that out is the next step.  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Images courtesy Bethany Williams. Images courtesy Christopher John Rogers. Images courtesy Emily Adams Bode.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. A brand that makes style, comfort, and practicability a priority while making sure to evoke confidence, Knorts recently launched a new collection called, Scarlet Knorts. Color is the main factor of enhancing the garments’ attributes. Traditionally, Knorts has used the color blue which represents calmness, coolness, stability, and reliability, which are all components of confidence and is the signature color of their denim wear.  Knorts’ new capsule collection, Scarlet Knorts, incorporates the feelings associated with the color red. This collection aims to evoke strength, warmth, comfort, love, and power into the customers’ everyday life. Befitting to their aim, these characteristics can also support the feeling of confidence. There are future plans to create more color capsules to keep both the brand and wearers in an emotional equilibrium. This launch is partially used to spread awareness about California fires with 10% of proceeds from the Scarlet Knorts collection being donated to fire aid services.  Shop the new collection here    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   As I walk in the flagship Messika store, I’m greeted with smiles, macarons and diamonds. Immediately I felt that I had entered a world of femininity and style. The pieces are beautiful and delicate, yet powerful. Messika is an iconic jewelry brand worn by celebrities like  Rhianna, Penelope Cruz, and even Serena Williams during her training session. Valerie Messika, founder of the brand, created the trend of “everyday diamonds.” Much of Valérie’s inspiration comes from art, playing with a Calder sculpture in her father's office, absorbing from his collection various details of line, movement, color, composition, which have shaped her overall sense of form and proportion. I got the opportunity to chat with Valarie and try on some of the most gorgeous pieces of jewelry I’ve ever seen.  Why did you choose LA for your flagship store?  We are a family business so we are very intuitive and organic on how we do our business. We met a partner here in Los Angeles called Westime. They are very strong in the jewelry and watch industry. They work with Richard Mille and Audemars Piguet. They are also strong with red carpets in Hollywood so we decided it would be a good idea to open our first flagship store here. What do you hope the new store will bring to the brand?  I’m so excited because I can smell that the Americans in this area love jewelry. But they want something easy to wear, cool and light. This is the Messika philosophy; bringing a coolness to wearing jewelry that is very fine and delicate.  The workmanship and quality of the diamond is the top, but it’s cool. You can enjoy it and wear it everyday or on a big occasion. You can mix it with a casual or sophisticated style.  What was it like having Kate Moss as a muse? The moment I launched my brand 15 years ago I knew she was my muse and inspiration. She's really iconic for me. She embodies femininity, fashion and style. When I launched my brand and the philosophy I wanted to break the traditional code of jewelry. It was made for big occasions, but I wanted to make it apart of fashion and style. That’s why women like Kate Moss are so strong for me.   How would you explain the woman in the street wearing Messika?  The strength of Messika is that the women wearing it range from 18 to 70 years old. I love when I see different types of women wearing it with different styles. It’s not that we are putting a logo on the woman. We can see the personality and the style they embody with the pieces. It’s not about how rich or strong you are. It’s about the feeling and attitude that you have with your own style. It gives you self-confidence.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On Wednesday we celebrated Benetton’s new pop up shop in Santa Monica with prosecco and polaroids. Benetton Group is one of the best-known fashion companies in the world with a network of about 5,000 stores and a headquarters in Ponzano Veneto. The brand is known for its bright colors, the revolution of the retail outlet, and their unique sales network.  The new collections embody both the old and the new, featuring an exciting fusion of its classic colorful style with its newer streetwear-inspired elements. The artistic direction of Jean-Charles de Castelbajac, who is known for his iconic teddy bear coat worn by Madonna and portraits of Andy Warhol, shines through the recent collections. He recently united with the Benetton Group earlier this year, which was announced at Milan Fashion Week. He announced backstage that “The DNA of Benetton and mine have many similarities…this meeting between us is happening at the right moment, too, because this idea that desirable things can be of good quality and be affordable to many people is very interesting now…Benetton has been sleeping a little bit. But it has all this sleeping potential. And its base is very strong.”  Bring some color into your life and visit the pop up open from October 25 through November 24th!  Santa Monica Place Floor 1  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Courtesy Hublot With Halloween around the corner, Hublot stirred the cauldron to create a sapphire and emerald green Big Bang MP-11 watch. To give it its unique shade of green (not quite emerald and not quite sapphire), they used a material that has never been used in a watchcase. The material is called SAXEM, which is short for sapphire aluminum oxide and rare earth material. It is a mixture of aluminum oxide (the basic component of sapphire) with rare-earth elements like thulium and holmium.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   KAIMIN is the raising utopian brand initiating the posterity of attire. With a foundation of innovation and inclusivity, the namesake designer may well be sent from the future— sent back a couple of hundred years to propel the industry forward. Harnessing the power of the digital space, and the resourcefulness of sustainability, KAIMIN crafts intergalactic garments with a cunning dose of raunchiness. In a recent interview, Flaunt spoke with the avant-garde designer to discuss the evolution of the label, cyberspace, and the forecast of tech-induced fashion.  Tell us about the creation of the brand with your business partner Dmitri Pchelintsev. My initial foray into clothing design came in 2014 with the Zero Zero Vol. 02 project – a multi-sensory, high-tech video popup exhibition with an installation by Snarkitecture, which I was the protagonist of and also directed alongside stylist Nicola Formichetti and photographer Miles Aldridge. We had the honor of presenting the Vol. 02 book at my beloved Paris store, Colette. As part of that project, I created a stand-alone clothing capsule for the female character, and a very prominent singer ended up wearing some of my pieces in her music video. I felt compelled to create a full collection, and my very good friend Dmitri, who helped produce that very pivotal Zero Zero project, really believed in me as a designer, so we formed the KAIMIN label together in 2016. Dmitri is a creative marketer and business operator who happens to have a very strong background in finance, having spent many years at some of Wall Street's premier institutions investing in renewables, green-tech, and sustainability. Having helped grow several tech-enabled startups, he now oversees all of KAIMIN's business strategy and operations, while leading our expansion as a digitally-native brand, including the recent launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line.  How have innovation and inclusivity played essential roles in the brand? Innovation and inclusivity go hand-in-hand for me, as tolerance for new and crossover ideas breeds progress. KAIMIN leans heavily on technology in everything we do, and aesthetically we work with all types of creatives, communities, and personalities because anyone can uncover something new and beautiful, irrespective of age, race, and gender.  Besides using innovative materials, production techniques, and data analytics, the brand benefits from social media's global reach and the unprecedented direct access to talent that it affords. The Internet is a boundless creative nursery of young innovators that come from all different realms, including art, fashion, music – we love and fully utilize this cross-functionality. I grew up an outlier in a homogeneous society, so I feel my clothes have to speak to things beyond style and promote ideals that are important to me, including social and economic inclusivity, as I feel everyone deserves a voice. In addition to connecting through unrestrained creativity, I try to make items that are more accessible, including from an economic standpoint, and which still adhere to my design and high-quality philosophy – we launched SLFF KAIMIN exactly for this. What facets of New York's underground scene make appearances in your garments? The New York underground scene has this alluring aura of the forbidden, with sexier and darker undertones and the sense of a risque adventure that is addicting. During our SS20 show, for instance, we contrasted the primarily bright and colorful collection with a very dark and sexy setting, aiming for the set design to evoke a feeling of an underground party with red backlighting and a minimal, heavy electronic soundtrack. NYC subculture is edgy, extremely diverse, and creative and demonstrates some of the greatest social acceptance anywhere in the world, which really allows me to meld it with high fashion in a fun way. I love working with established as well as cool new, up-and-coming artists and personalities that grew up in this environment— I draw a lot of inspiration here for my design, music, lifestyle, and the overall direction for KAIMIN. The digital world is a key influence to the brand, hence your Fall/ Winter 2019 collection, "2081: CYBER-ORDINARY". What were your main inspirations and references for that season? Our Fall/ Winter 2019 collection explored archetypes of future beauty and was heavily influenced by such films as Blade Runner and Ex-Machina, specifically their protagonists – androids and cyborgs. I'm a total believer in the eventual symbiosis of man and machine.  In large part, that collection was about defeating the mundane and exploring and strengthening that which sets one apart, no matter the era. If today's fever pitch around privacy, sexual correctness, censorship, etc. ever leads to a dystopian control of self-expression, I'd want my clothes to declare: "when the extraordinary is outlawed, only the outlaws will be extraordinary." What's your view on cyberspace and it's distraction from the real world? I think we're in uncharted waters, and we won't be able to properly assess how good or bad this "distraction" from the real world is for a while, if ever. The cyber is already the real. There are definitely multiple ways to look at this, and it's certainly also a generational thing— just look at the debate around "screen time" for kids among young parents and scientists and the interesting arguments presented by media proponents, including Gary Vaynerchuk. All I know is that this is the manifestation of human progress, and there's no way back regardless, but to me, the benefits outweigh the potential hazards. We are now superbly equipped for improved communication and increased input – although, where the quality of consumed content, general overexposure, and the "3-second" wars are going is a different question.  For KAIMIN, Elon Musk's Neuralink can't arrive fast enough! What were your conceptions involving the recent Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, "INTROSPECTIVE PRISM"? This season, our main collection shared the runway with the launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line, which celebrates self-confidence and self-expression. The overall creative direction was influenced by the sub-conscience theories of Sigmund Freud and films like Annihilation, aiming to expose inner fears to release suppressed identity and desires— literal empowerment through self-discovery.  The collection explores two distinct notions for evolution of human form – through technology and through biological mutation. From the outside, the driver is mechanical – artificial furthering of self via machine. From the inside, the driver is bio-spiritual-- the natural furthering of self via selective mutation of flesh and mind— a physical metamorphosis through the unrestrained self. This season's motto is: "Introspective Prism – Refract all versions of self, Mutate desire and identity, Evolve in spirit and form." With our current climate reality, how do you plan to focus the brand on a more sustainable level? Being on the cutting edge is important to us to both achieve a futuristic design and to help push progress, validating applications of new technologies. We always keep an eye on the new tech that has shown promise in helping to lower the environmental impact of manufacturing, and we try to do our part by using many recycled, sustainable, and organic materials, including Better Cotton Initiative fabrics in our SLFF KAIMIN denim line. As we grow, we will continue to place greater emphasis on better production practices, safer materials, and less waste. Explain some of the laser cutting, production techniques, and 3-D print experiments that are implemented throughout your garment construction process. KAIMIN utilizes quite a bit of technology for manufacturing, content production, and branding, including 3D printing, laser cutting, digital art, AR/VR, motion tracking, etc. and we always seek to emphasize our future-forward thinking in our designs. For garment construction, we use some techniques because they create unexpected and groundbreaking visual results, while other methods actually make sense from a time and capital-intensity perspective.  We're pushing the brand's tech boundaries with the "Stratasys x KAIMIN" 3D-Print Denim Capsule Collection— the first time ever an industrial-quality 3D geometry is printed directly onto denim. We designed the intricate CGI geometry, multi-depth opacity, and colormap in collaboration with Fitchwork to make the final print. Stratasys are pioneers in the additive manufacturing space and have some of the most advanced 3D printing technology in the industry, accompanied by an inherent desire to experiment and come up with something new and cool. They wish to make everyday life better by bringing 3D printing technology to a greater part of the world faster and disrupting the fashion realm is quite big on the radar of Stratasys global creative director, Naomi Kaempfer— so what better way to help assimilate and democratize the tech for clothing than with one of the most common garments, jeans! How do you envision the future of fashion norms? I'd like to think that the future will bring abundance and innovation not just in the material sense but also in our culture and thinking, where humans will finally reach total equilibrium with nature, and each other— no prejudices— and KAIMIN clothing is but one way to represent this future. Like everything else in our society, fashion will continue to be transformed by technology, faster and more accessible information transfer, and diverse global audiences. This, of course, means a lot will change in fashion's tangible areas, like materials with never-before-imagined physical properties, more efficient production techniques, the continued proliferation of smart garments, and increased expectations of what clothing should do for the body and mind. But, to me, the most interesting changes are already occurring on the more intangible, creative side. People's unprecedented ability to communicate who they are has opened up new frontiers. In only a few years, social media exposed how varied yet similar and interconnected different cultures' tastes are, and how people of all walks of life can become influential by traversing these different planes. Being skilled in multiple areas has become the norm for many young creatives today, and this 'polymathism' affects fashion a lot. There are so many cross-functional innovators out there, and fashion definitely benefits from this, becoming more interesting and multifaceted.  What's next for KAIMIN? KAIMIN's mission is to keep innovating ourselves and keep collaborating with people that push the boundaries across the various artistic disciplines and product segments. We want to be more cross-functional and would love to do more than just fashion, even if it's in a more non-permanent format like seasonal collaborations. I wish to meet and inspire more people and to learn from them so we can all come up with a never-before-seen symbiosis of unlikely fields that not only is cool but also could change lives for the better and bring signature KAIMIN flavor to people in more than one way. With that said, I hope to continue building our artistic community and form a creative confluence platform – a culture nebula for local and global artists – to support innovation. To that end, we have already established an endowment fund some time ago, via our Zero Zero Project initiative, which periodically disperses funds to help finance targeted projects. And in that same vein, KAIMIN presented the SS20 show in collaboration with Studio 525, an iconic exhibition & event space housed in the former Andrea Rosen Art Gallery in Chelsea, as the inaugural project for Studio 525 Art Accelerator, which has a very similar vision to ours and aims to provide a physical place for work and showcases to artists and the creative community in general. Produced by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: : Franco Velastiqui Art Direction by: Delfina Pia Rey Styling by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Kevin Cheah Model: Cassie Priestley at Next Models. Styling assistance by: Sabrina Aguirre and Mila Sanguinetti  Credits: FW19 KAIMIN clothing, and GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI heels. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. MAX MARA dress, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. VERSACE dress, earrings, and rings and AGENT PROVOCATEUR underwear. ETRO dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, B-LOW THE BELT belt, and NANCY NEWBERG earrings. HALPERN dress, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring, and ERINESS ring. MAX MARA sweater and dress, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. PREEN BY THORNTON BREGAZZI dress, B-LOW THE BELT belt and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings. ALESSANDRA RICH dress and necklace and MIU MIU earrings all available at MatchesFashion.com, and NANCY NEWBERG rings. AGENT PROVOCATEUR slip dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace and ring, ALINA ABEGG earrings, and STATE PROPERTY pearl ring. ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER dress and scarf, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings and ring. PALOMO SPAIN jacket available at Please Do Not Enter, LA, ALINA ABEGG ring, and MISHO earring. Photographer: Vince M. Aung.  Model: Inga Dezhina. Stylist: Mui-Hai Chu.  Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co. & Oribe Hair Care at Nest Artists.  Makeup: Natasha Severino using NARS Cosmetics at Forward Artists.  Production, Photo, and Styling Assistant: Corrine Ciani Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Being Sustainably responsible in 2019 now means making some changes with how designers are choosing their resources. The female founders behind 42|54 and long time friends Elodie Ouedraogo and Olivia Borlee are both Belgian Gold metal athletes, and now business partners who strongly believe in that type of fashionably responsible involvement. It took them two a clean 42.54 seconds to win a Silver Medal at the Olympic Games in Beijing 2008. That Silver medal turned into Gold, when the winning team was disqualified due to a failed drug test. It was abundantly clear that dirty athletes have no place in sports. That’s when the Gold medalists decided they wanted to make a change. “Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes!” The contemporary active label launched its first 100% sustainable FW19 capsule collection  made of plastic bottles and recycled ocean waste. They believe that great design should also be sustainable. The brand teamed up with renowned textile companies who propose fabrics made from a fiber called SEAQUAL and NEWLIFE recycled from ocean plastics to create the new high-end "made from waste" active wear line that asserts the modern streetwear appeal.  The founders make a conscious effort to be an honest and transparent brand, by largely working with local manufacturers and suppliers.  Elodie and Olivia’s next steps will also be 100% sustainable using organic yarns working with GOTS (Global Organic Textile Standards) certified factories, hang tags produced with recycled paper along with recycled fabrics developed with fibers using the oceans waste and plastic bottles. They both are devoted to giving a second life to stock and leftover fabrics from previous productions along with biodegradable packaging. The The fashion-forward duo provide advanced functionality while calling themselves a "100% sustainable company in the way we work, produce, and live." Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. What was your biggest fear about starting your own line? We believe there are a lot of similarities between the world of sports and fashion. It is about being fearless,  following the process put in place while listening to your gut feeling at the same time to achieve the absolute best. It is about taking a leap of faith in yourself, your partner and your idea. For us creating an activewear collection that was high-end, transcendent  and made in honest and transparent conditions Felt like a void that needed to be filled within our community. There was a clear vision, which was bring some fun and fashion back into the world of sports without ignoring the functional and technical side of the garments. When we decided to launch 42|54, a reference to our winning time during the 2008 Olympics, we didn't really think about it as we both love a great challenge. We just jumped, head first.  There was a lack of experience. (We had both been guest designers for other brands, but came quickly to the realization that this doesn't even come close to owning and managing a brand.)  With that lack of real experience sometimes came also the fear of not being taken seriously. In the beginning we went probably over prepared into ever meeting we had. Not only out of respect for the person sitting in front of us, but also because we wanted to show that we were serious about entrepreneurship.  That we understood that there are no shortcuts to success Initially we also didn't communicate a lot about our backstory either. We didn't want to be perceived as two women who were the faces of the brand, while having an entire team waiting in the back to do the real and hard work. From the beginning we sourced every fabric, button, zipper, label or elastic band you'll find in our collection. Through (sometimes) expensive mistakes and failure we learned a lot. And today we are an authentic brand and a viable business because of it. Aside from the activewear, what other sustainable efforts are being practiced within your company? 42|54 has always been mindful of how and where we produce. After having represented our country in the best way possible in sports it only seemed logical to carry out the strong identity and values that Belgium has created with 'The Antwerp Six' in the world of fashion. We worked a lot with local suppliers. This put our brand already at a 50% of sustainability, solely based on the business decisions we made from the very beginning. Last year we were able to evolve in our sustainable journey by replacing already locally created fabrics by sustainable ones. We also adapted our online service by working with Repack. Repack is a company that offers reusable bags. For every bag clients return to us after their purchase, they receive a small discount. We on the other hand can recover the packaging for a new customer. Additionally we switched to biodegradable labels, we don't use plastic bottles in the office and work with a cleaning company that only uses natural and biological cleaning products. All the employees who live in Brussels, where we are based, walk or take their bike to work.  What was the moment or person that inspired you to produce your own line? We have always looked up to and been inspired by strong female athletes and more so in the 80's and 90's. These were absolute fun times where athletes didn't only stand out with their extraordinary performances, but also by the way the dressed on the field. Women like Florence Griffith and Jackie Joyner-Kersee wore leotards, belted bodysuits, one-legged  and lace leggings. They highlighted their personalities with exciting, daring activewear.  But of course we don't have to look too far. We are surrounded by strong women. Our mothers, sisters, friends and colleagues. 42I54 is built by women, who work very hard every day to create the best possible collection for women. Our sustainable mission on the other hand comes from a very personal experience.  We initially won a silver medal during the Olympic Games in 2008. Eight years later that silver eventually turned into gold when that winning team was disqualified due to substance abuse discovered during a large series of retesting.  This had a major impact on the on athletes worldwide. And while many of us became strong advocates for clean, drug free sports we are less outspoken when it comes to clothes we wear while performing. We felt this too has to change.  Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes.  Sportswear made in honest conditions and without the environmental strain it has today. We can no longer only applaud recognition and financial gain while wearing our low cost shirts. Because someone, somewhere is suffering because of it. Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Just for fun, what are your zodiac signs? Aries and Pisces What are you wanting to accomplish in 2020 with 42|54? It has always been our goal to become the brand that serves as today’s personal survival-kit and Wonder Woman cape all wrapped into one fashion-forward label for all women. 42|54 is for the young women we help through our 'Athlete Ambassador Program'. By supporting them with well made performance gear, we support their dreams of one day becoming professional athletes. Often big brands want to see results first and will later support in anyway possible. We believe talent need’s to be nurtured when  personal budgets are insignificant or non-existent. Today we are proud to announce that 3 women from our ambassadors program will participate in next year’s Olympic and Paralympic Games. We are most definitely also the go-to brand for women who like to have something that is different. Today many women try and balance a career, family and personal time. Finding an outfit that accommodates that lifestyle can be quite the search. The idea to have a legging that has the advanced functionality you'd expect from activewear, yet the high-end look and feel that makes it chic enough to wear outside the gym is very appealing to a lot of women. A winning combination we can offer to our women as we can pull from our own experience and expertise. On top of the need to be unique or different, women want to be informed on what they are putting both in and on their bodies today. Furthermore we would like to continue to develop our sustainable journey and dress as many great women in the US as we possibly can.  We had the opportunity to visit LA recently and it is inspiring to see how a city has succeeded into merging sports into the everyday life. It embodies the definition of an 'active lifestyle'. What were your childhood ambitions? Elodie: I always wanted to be a hairdresser or own my own cafe. That was until I realized that being a bar owner entails more than just serving great coffee. Olivia: I wanted to be a florist. I think I have always been inspired by beauty and making beautiful things. In what place are you the happiest? Most productive? The school of Sports is a great one to graduate from. Being professional athletes has taught us many life lessons. It teaches you to be independent,  winning, losing and how to persevere. Through our careers as professional athletes we have had the privilege of seeing a part of the world and experiencing different cultures and people. We are very appreciative that to this day we get to travel for work from time to time and see our designs come to life in our factory. Funnily enough, the traveling in the past also taught us the importance of home. And how it remains the happiest place for us. It is also where we get most creative. Before we were able to rent our own office space we used to work out of the kitchen. Today we still come up with the best ideas when we are surrounded by the feeling of familiarity. So thank God for WhatsApp these days. How do you live a sustainable life outside of the company? It is important to stress that we are by no means green warriors or examples of how to live a sustainable life. But we 100% get the message and understand the urge to react today. We all have different battles to fight in life but we are convinced that with little effort we can already make  a big difference. A few changes that we have made:  -no to fast fashion; buying less clothes and smarter -no more plastic bottles and additionally be more mindful of the use of plastic in general -buying fresh and seasonal fruit and vegetables instead of pre-packed food,  -reusing the same bag instead of buying a new one for groceries,  -sort trash -the use of natural cosmetics -leave our cars in the garage if not needed  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Published for the first time and celebrating 50 years since the works were created, ‘DESIRE’ by Lloyd Ziff documents New York City in the late 1960s. Ziff’s work captures a New York teeming with fantasy and rebellion. The book tells a story of cultural resistance through Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe.  ‘DESIRE’ was the first photo shoot that Patti and Robert had together. The two of them were photographed in their Hall Street Space in Brooklyn in 1968 and in Ziff’s small apartment in the heart of Greenwich Village in 1969. The book features 65 previously unpublished works including street photographs, original contact sheets, and notes that form the history around 1960s New York and the lives of these two iconic figures. The intimacy between the two paints a picture of the city at this time, pushing their icon status aside to view the city with a more personal lens. 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff “I myself never felt comfortable doing anything with the pictures. Then in 2009 Patti phoned and asked me for permission to publish two of the Hall Street portraits in JUST KIDS, the first portraits of them together she noted. 41 years had passed. . . Robert and Patti had become legendary. Robert and I had remained friends until he died in 1989, and I had enjoyed commissioning and publishing photographs of his when I was the Design Director of House & Garden, Vanity Fair, and Condé Nast Traveler in the ’80s. Now it’s been 50+ years since I happened to see Robert and Patti crossing the street near their place in Brooklyn. The photographs we shot then are, as are all photographs, documents of a particular moment in time. They have also become documents of a time when two of America’s most important artists were very young, very beautiful, and very ambitious. It amazes me to share those moments from so long ago today.” – Lloyd Ziff, 2019 100 “Strictly Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff, with a “Limited Edition” signed and numbered C-Type print. 500 “Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff. Available now Photos courtesy of Lloyd Ziff and Avenue Communications  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker. HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  FALGUNI SHANE PEACOCK bodysuit, HARDEMAN chaps, BUSTED BRAND gloves, PLANET I sunglasses, and MELODY EHSANI earrings and DALMATA choker. It’s been just over a year since Doja Cat’s “Mooo!” swept the screens of millions across the globe. And unless you’ve been living under a rock, the American singer, rapper and producer begs no further introduction. With that said, in case you have in fact been dwelling beneath stone, then you should know that the future of music is Doja’s for the taking. With her 2018 claim-to-fame music video sitting atop 50M views on YouTube, and her most recent visual release for “Juicy,” featuring Tyga, breaking 20M in two weeks, the musician’s growth is unshakeable, having cemented her place through sweet sonics and visuals that pack a punch. As she so bluntly claims over the phone from her apartment in Los Angeles, “It’s only the beginning. I feel like I really know who I am and what I’m doing with my next project.” The bovine-style music video released last August would eventually flourish into a viral meme. “I didn’t mean for ‘Mooo!’ to get as big as it did,” she admits. “I had more serious music to put out, I’d been working on so much other stuff, but once I put the cow costume on, I had to do it. It was the only way I could get it out of my head,” she explains. Within days of the abrupt upload to YouTube, the video had racked millions of views. The dairy dreamscape was by no means Doja’s introduction to the music industry. In fact, she had been signed to RCA Records since 2014, after the successful release of her debut single, “So High.” From there, she followed up with several tracks, including “Go To Town,” off of her debut studio album in 2018. “Before ‘Mooo!,’ we hadn’t really gotten any viral hits, or had any hits, period. We were doing okay, but things weren’t at their fullest potential. That was the most significant part about ‘Mooo!’ going where it did—it allowed all my other work to have a foundation and have a pull.” Taking a moment to consider the past whirlwind year, she reasons, “Since ‘Mooo!’ blew up, it’s been kind of non-stop. I don’t know if it’s really allowed me to reflect, but I feel like I’ve refined my style and refined who I am. I kind of have to have the spotlight on me.” MATT SARAFA coat and GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses. MATT SARAFA coat, ABODI bodysuit and boots, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and NOÄ earrings. The spotlight she speaks of shines focused and fixed, with no intention of moving elsewhere, but as a consistent subject of such recognition, Doja Cat has experienced two sides to the coin that is internet fame. Since its inception, the Internet has proven an untamable beast, and the environment it has bred has developed twice as feral. Through public domains like Tumblr to TikTok, and YouTube to Twitter, a vast stretch of subcultures and trends have been cultivated. On opposite poles of this digital sphere, there stands viral fame and cancel culture. It’s no secret that the musician has faced multiple controversies regarding comments she’s made online, and it’s even less of a secret that the public is quick to mobilize on social media. After old tweets resurfaced of the artist using derogatory terms towards other rappers, a rallied audience of critics made it its mission to take her down. Admittedly hurt by some of the criticisms, she reasons, “I’m not invincible, I do get hurt by some comments. I’m not superhuman.” Immediately requiting, she follows up with, “But being raised on the Internet gives me the ability to know how to deal with negativity most of the time.” Then, at once in a final stride, she claims of her presence online, “It’s just a small portion of my life.” And just like that, if we’ve learned anything in 2019, it’s that you can’t cancel Doja Cat. HARDEMAN top, thong, and hat, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and DALMATA necklace. Fresh off the release of a new music video with LunchMoney Lewis for “Make That Cake,” while still riding the success of “Juicy,” she’s traveling cross country for performances and appearances on a weekly basis. In the age of virality, such sustainability is impressive. That said, she’s in no way the first artist to have a viral hit catapult their work to an unfamiliar stratosphere of celebrity, and certainly not the last. We’ve seen fellow musical phenoms like Mason Ramsey and Megan Thee Stallion reap the benefits of a trending tweet and hashtag or two. Could it just be that we’re experiencing the dawning of a new age in music? An educated guess would reason, yes. With democratized media-sharing platforms like Spotify and SoundCloud, there’s been an inevitable boom in bedroom pop-stardom. Not only that, but with the increasing irrelevance of labels across younger generations, classification proves less important in not only topics of gender, but music, too. Lines blur across styles nowadays, with artists coloring the outsides more than ever. In attempts to maintain order through categorical standards, we see the term “Alternative” tacked onto the classic genres we’ve come to know. I LOVE PRETTY skirt. I LOVE PRETTY skirt and BUFFALO LONDON shoes. Prompted to describe her forthcoming record, Hot Pink, in three words, she replies with little to no hesitation: “Too. Many. Genres.” Declining a subscription to any one breed of song, the response points to her exploration of sound, a progression of her euphony, and the future of music. “My last record is a lot different from this one because I didn’t understand what it was to be in the studio and in an environment where there’s a bunch of musical equipment,” Doja shares, candidly. “I was young, I was a teenager and I really didn’t know who I was. My character wasn’t really shining the way it does now. I can tell you Hot Pink is one of the best things I’ve done, the best project I will have ever released.” Then, implored to divulge more about the release in detail, she retracts to the previously implemented three-word limit: “Super, duper, mystery.” So while Doja—who won the world over with an onomatopoeia in 2018—makes a favorable case for the future of music today, her own music remains as ambiguous as it does full of promise. Photographed by: Julian Buchan.  Styled by: Katie Qian.  Hair: Frankie Payne using Oribe at Opus Beauty.  Makeup: Jadyn Ngo using Surratt Beauty and Artisbrush.com at The Visionaries. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj Photos by Steven Klein Think metallic, high-end glamour with a neon pink accent. Think barbie doll in outer-space. This iconic FENDI and Nicki Minaj collaboration is the perfect combination of bold yet sophisticated.  Teaming up with Silvia Venturini Fendi, the duo created the next chapter of the FF Series with a line for women’s, men’s and kids: FENDI Prints On. Nicki is known for her body-hugging clothing and most of the line is just that, but she beautifully contrasts it with leisurewear and classy pieces. With the FF logo covering the majority of the print, this line is nothing but eye-catching.  They took staple pieces that everyone needs in their wardrobe and added their own flare to it such as:  tulle dresses, reversible puffer coats, asymmetric body-con dresses, raincoats with leather sleeves, silver tracksuits, bomber jackets with knitted sleeves and metallic windbreakers.  This collection would not be complete without some daring accessories, and that is exactly what they have provided us. They have everything from sequined bags and fanny packs to customized snow boots and wedge trainers. These accessories will take any outfit to the next level.  They went above and beyond and created a collection that embodied Nicki’s personality along with high-end fashion and street style.  The FENDI Prints On capsule collection will be sold in 52 FENDI boutiques worldwide and on fendi.com from October 14th.  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj   Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj                    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   69 shirt, JEAN PAUL KNOTT pants available at Please Do Not Enter, and NIKE shoes.   Brooklyn born and LA based producer and artist, Kingdom, is bringing back is clubby and unique dance music to the industry. With two new EPs, the first one called “EXTERRA, Vol. 1,” on the way and an album coming in 2020, he is back in the realm of dance music, but keeping true to his innovative style.  All the way from the east coast, Kingdom was booked to perform in LA in the early 2000s, which gave him a foot in the door to the west coast’s music scene. From here, he has continued to expand his musical capacity and does not abide by genres or any type of limitation; with experimental taste and a desire to create, he strives to generate music that he loves and that the audience can appreciate/value.  He was kind enough to join me for a phone interview in which I asked many questions, hoping to find out more about him as a person and his career.  I know that Nacho Nava kind of helped bring you to LA, how did he influence you? I was DJing a lot in New York, but he was the first person to put me on a flight and bring me to the west coast to DJ. I think that the influence he really has is that he was putting people on like me who didn’t have any other shows or have a lot of hype or a lot of press or anything like that. He really just believed in the new talent and was always just so generous with that regardless of how well the show did or anything like that. It was really just like he was excited to put people on and it never seemed like it was something he was doing for his own to serve his own interest. It really was something he was doing for the community in LA. Specifically, influential in creating a really special scene on the eastside of LA. I think most people will associate like the gay scene with the west side, West Hollywood scene, which is so specific and there really wasn’t much going on on the eastside maybe a couple bars, but he was the first to create a really vibrant night life scene that involved art and dance and all different kinds of Djs of all different races, but also it wasn’t just a community vibe, it was also like he was bringing really really good music and reall really amazing performers, so it also drew in just from straight people music fans who knew that Mustache would have more edgy stuff, so it wasn’t just creating an alternative it was also just about quality. He had such a good eye for innovative stuff.  FENG CHEN WANG jacket available at Please Do Not Enter and ALLIGATOR JESUS bracelet. What was it like working with Nacho Nava cause I know you guys were working on a Netflix show together. Working with him was always a pleasure. He was always just so sweet so generous and he was just a great figure and really supportive of my label and my parties too. He would always, without me even asking, support a face of mine or event that I was doing that had nothing to do with Mustache. He was always so sweet. More recently, that’s actually kind of why the music video is dedicated to Nacho because basically I met the video director through Nacho. Nacho put us together in a conference call and basically we started talking and they had planned to bring some type of documentary for Netflix about kind of the more alternative more POC side of LA nightlife, specifically gay nightlife and queer nightlife. It was really just in the early stages of talk. We really didn’t get it off the ground, but Shahana, the director, was gonna obviously be on the director’s side and working on the shots and the camera stuff and all that. They wanted me to come in and add music to it, but essentially throw in some different raves and help bring in music so that we could create some events to film because there’s not, sadly there’s not a lot of footage of a lot of the old Mustache parties. They’re relatively undocumented, so that was the idea, but I think when he passed Shahana felt like it didnt’t make sense to pursue it still. It really was Nacho’s project. It was really just a conversation, but even just that concept was inspirational and meeting the director is kind of what spawned us to create the music video together in honor of him.  It seems like Nacho has been really influential to kind of your start here in LA and the music scene, but has he influenced your work at all kind of like maybe the beats you decide to use or the music has he influenced any of it? Since he’s not a musician or DJ himself I wouldn’t say it’s a direct influence on the actual sound. I’d say he’s more of an influence when it comes to throwing parties and bringing people together in the community and just showing people kindness and more of the things I spoke about a moment ago. Just about the social element of music more than the sound exactly, but I know the sound he likes and I think he had an appreciation for the sounds I work with.  MEALS shirt and pants. How does it feel to be in the genre again? It feels really good. I feel like with my last album Tears in the Club I was in a very kind of like atmospheric moody RnB space and ever since that album came out I’ve been doing more vocal production, working with singers, and I worked really hard launching the new singer that signed to Fade to Mind called Semma, so I’ve been really in that zone of creating something for vocalists and when I’m doing that I sometimes put aside exactly the Kingdom sound and I’m trying to create a universe for the singer that gives them a unique identity. It’s just a totally different assignment. It’s a different thing and it’s a different lifestyle too. It’s a lot of hours spent helping singers songwrite and it definitely tested my patience a lot of the time because I’ve spent quite a bit of time with several vocalists making demos for their projects and singers make hundreds of demos to test their project. A lot of time your beat doesn’t get picked or they go in a different direction or sometimes the vocalist is just caught up in other stuff and they don’t even release something. I might have been so in that world, so it was really refreshing to just kind of stop accepting bookings to do vocal sessions and I think it was kind of a reaction to doing all those vocal sessions that made me really want to just get back into my more ravey, clubby, housey references and it’s kind of also where I started. My first release ever, “Mind Reader,” was very kind of hard, weird, dance stuff, so I’m kind of going back and starting from scratch and starting from the beginning again and it just feels really good. I’m just excited to put stuff that’s more high energy and I’m DJing a lot right now, so it’s exciting to just play things that I can blend and just be kind of weird again cause I think working with vocalists it’s a lot more compromises, a lot more catering to them.  Do you have any inspirations for creating music, like are there any other artists that you look towards to or does everything just come from within? There’s definitely artists I look up to. Sometimes I freeze with the question because there’s so many that I have. I would have to say Rod Lee, Terror Danjah, and Darkchild. YOSHIO KUBO jacket and stylist’s own glasses. Would you ever mix different genres together like if you did RnB and dance music? Or is that something that you’ve already ventured into before?   Even though I do make some fully RnB sounding stuff, I kind of think that’s really what I’m known for even though the new stuff is pretty clubby, but I think you can still hear these little shreds of like the vocal stuff, the vocal samples. I think that RnB element is always there. That’s pretty much my mission, either I’m weaving back and forth or I’m weaving them together just kind of RnB sound with the club sound. For the next volume, I’m making another volume of the EXTERRA series and that one’s either gonna have more of the vocal stuff in it and I’m also working on my next album. I’ve got a lot of homework right now. I’m bringing in more vocal stuff as it progresses from my EP to my next album.  In regards to the vocal production, is there anything you look for in an artist when you want them to be on one of your songs? I love weird vocal textures. I just love when someone has a baby voice or has a strange croaky texture or has certain types of node that they like to hit. Just something that sets it apart because there’s so many people that sound so similar. And someone who’s not afraid of intense rhythm cause I think a lot of singers come from the studio wanting a really simple beat or something that sounds like their favorite, you know, Ella Mai song or like H.E.R. song or maybe a Corella song they heard or something, so I think someone who is down to get experimental and doesn’t mind sampling their voice. I’m especially also just addicted to high voices. I love falsetto. I’m known for working with women, which is my favorite working with female vocals. If I’m working with a guy he definitely has to be able to channel his feminine side. I don’t really like to work with men who wanna sing about the macho shit on the mic like I’m way more into men who are singing. you know explore both sides  MEALS jacket and pants. Do you have a certain process of producing or like how do you kind of create your songs? I’ve always been a drummer, so I feel like when I’m on my own making beats I always start with drums and just playing with different drum sounds and I finally, after years of not doing it, started to create my own drum kits and drum packs, so I have my own custom samples that I’m playing around with. When it comes to singers usually they’ll just freestyle over an existing beat. With Sema, the artist I recently signed to my label, she was one of the first people that I really just improvised with and sometimes she would just come in and she would start singing something first, so that’s a totally different process like kind of working in reverse and working from what her voice is doing.  Do you have any stories of the first time you met MikeQ or Ms. Boogie? This new EP I just put out, EXTERRA, Vol. 1, is kind of a throwback to the beginning of my career in many ways. One of them being that I’m returning to dance music and making just like much clubbier, harder material than I’ve made in a long time, but it also actually has two collaborations with artists that I’ve known for I think over a decade. Me and MikeQ and Shane Oliver from Hood by Air were the three Djs who got booked to DJ this artist named Reshaw Newsom. He had a party for one of his art openings. I had actually been a fan of Mike from MySpace and his website for years already and when I finally met him I just completely fanned out and got to play a track. My set was pretty much like MikeQ and Ivana Lore who’s like another ballroom legend. I basically played all super hard underground ballroom voguing music. I don’t think that Mike was expecting that from me necessarily and actually Mike went out on the dance floor and started voguing and he’s not a voguer, he’s a DJ. He rarely ever actually hits the dance floor and vogue. That was back when we Dj’d on CD so that night me and him like traded CDs and he gave me his CDs from his like case logic and I gave him CDs from mine. Ever since then we’ve been in touch and he’s producing music on my label as well, but he’s kind of hard to nail down and get a studio session with, so I’m just really excited to me and him having a track together 10 years later finally. My very first party that I threw on my own in NY was called “Club Vortex” and it was like in the back room of this art space, so it’s not really a venue at all and they didn’t have any security or anything and I think after the first one the word kind of got around cause you know under age kids are always looking for those very few places that they aren’t going to card, so I think word got around that there was this party happening that wasn’t carding and that was super open and fun and a few friends of mine actually showed up with Ms. Boogie at that very first party and me and her hit it off. She kind of got in a little bit of trouble that night. There was kind of like a little bit of a tussle on the dance floor and I think some wigs got pulled, but it was a pretty crazy night and that was before she was even just vocals, so it’s been amazing to see her progress into rapping and making music and I just love what she brings to the track. Saturday Kingdom performs with an Allstar roster including Bae Bae, BrownSkinHazel, Total Freedom and Uniiqu3 get tickets HERE Photographed by Alligator Jesus. Styled by Ally Nikoltchev Produced by: BJ Panda Bear Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. It was a family affair as last night UGG threw a banger to celebrate their now campaign featuring creatives in fashion and music including Slick Woods and son, Paloma and Ama Elsesser, Kim Gordon of Sonic Youth and daughter Coco Gordon Moore, Sasha and Sergio Lane, and Luka and Clark Sabbat. The event was a dazzling event paying homage to the brands California heritage.  The brand drew inspiration from the #UGGLIFE  campaign family-focused narrative highlighting the relationships and the spirit across generations that brings families together along with inspiring and challenging one another DJ’s and eyewear designers Coco & Breezy curated the events soundtrack. Staying on theme with a musical performance by SoCal local indie punk rock duo/brothers The Garden. UGG founded in 1978 by an Australian surfer originated on the coast of California. Renowned for its iconic classic UGG boot boosted by Hollywood celebs, and fashion editors around the world, the brand has extended into apparel and accessories with recent collaborations with the brands like Y/PROJECT and Eckhaus Latta. The evenings launch also featured the new range of buckle boots that also presented an exaggerated sole and a soon to be everywhere thigh grazing boot. After a dinner at the Roosevelt hotel, we caught up with the mama, muse, and all around bad ass Slick Woods to chat about #UGGLIFE.  Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Did you end up going out last night after the dinner at The Roosevelt? I’m a little exhausted but I don’t think I went out, I think went out went on me. How do you feel like UGG has fit into your life as a mother? UGG has been a big part of my life since the last campaign so we have been linking up. Do you feel like having a child has fit into life of the badass fashion creature you’ve always been known for? Yes, of course. I mean getting into motherhood and being an UGG mom has definitely been a big part of my life. You have really empowered the persona of the badass into this new creation, it’s beautiful. Of course, I had to slip into motherhood very unexpectedly. What do you see in the space between comfort and style? Well, comfort and style has always been missed together. I mean my style in very comfortable. Do you think simple comfort can be stylish? Yes, definitely, I am a little bit mixed with Tomb Raider, with a little bit of Kim Possible, and a little bit of, let’s say, Al Pacino. All together – that’s me What is one comfort faux pas you feel can never be chic? Broke shit… I don’t do broke shit. What is one comfort faux pas you feel we need to embrace more? Probably aristocratic shit. Like real rich nigga shit. I wish we did more of that. Yeah do more of that now! Do you see your son as following your footsteps in the modelling world? Hell no. My sons going to be a police officer or a fireman. And I’m gonna let him do that. Your film Goldie got great reviews. Do you see yourself getting more into film? No, the director was trash but my acting was fucking great. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   BUFFALO shoes. Make way for the newest edition to the female power movement, a DJ from Berlin who goes by Martafakka. With a background in Tech House, Funk House, Hip-Hop, RnB, and Afro House, she curates explosive beats that pulsate through the listener’s body causing them to not only feel Martafakka’s energy in her songs, but also having an almost out of body experience. As well, her expertise in mixing different genres creates a new kind of music and allows for a wide range of people to enjoy her work. Beyond her musical genius, she is an avid traveller, inspired learner, and according to her Instagram, is an animal lover as well. Take pleasure in reading the following interview with the creative genius.   BUFFALO shoes. Who would your dream collaboration be with? My favorites would be Dixon, Honey Dijon and Black Coffee What are you currently working on? And how is the process going? My main goal right now is to achieve the knowledge of producing myself. I have my roots in Hip- Hop and RnB and want to learn now more about electronic music especially tech house, funkhouse… I know that you have performed in Berlin, where would you love to perform next? I would love to perform in Ibiza, Amsterdam, London and New York. What is your favorite thing about performing and your fans? The best thing about djing is when you feel that people are getting exactly into your vibe and enjoy the party. What inspires your specific sound? I already traveled a lot in my life and I have been to many clubs where I got a lot of different vibe and music inspiration. What do you want your listeners to feel or take away from your music? The most important thing is LOVE, LOVE, LOVE and of course amazing energy! People should feel good and free while listening to my music. Its all about energy. What does your music creating process look like? I start with collecting my current favourite songs. After that it goes on with the main part; FIND MATCHING SONGS! It is my goal to combine all music genres with each other. There are no boundaries! Its kind of a process of course. Do you have a specific song that means a lot to you? What makes it special to you? It’s “Dirty Diana“ from Michael Jackson since I was a kid. It always hat something mystic about it…Who the f*** is Diana?!  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   REBECCA VALLANCE suit, ANDREA FOHRMAN earrings, and ANNA-KARIN KARLSSON sunglasses. She might not be a household name in America, yet, but Lila Iké has already taken Jamaica’s music scene by storm. Hailing from Manchester, Jamaica, she sharpened her teeth by performing at Jamnesia’s open mic on Saturday nights. The seaside venue (located in Bully Bay, about 20 minutes outside Kingston), has hosted many prominent Jamaican artists including Chronixx, Jah9, NoMaddz, and Protoje. The latter performer, Protoje, happens to be a Grammy nominated artist and his ears perked when he first heard Lila Iké’s music. He signed her as part of his collective, In.Digg.Nation.  Lila’s friendship with Protoje turned out to be the turn her music career needed. The signing thrusted her into the spotlight, where she’s performed alongside him at Jamaica’s Reggae Sumfest (basically it’s the Coachella for the country) with 30,000 heads in attendance then making her NYC debut at BRIC’s Celebrate Brooklyn! Concert. In 2017, Lila dropped her first official track, titled “Biggest Fan.” She wrote the song for her mother, whom she dubbed her “biggest fan.” The song’s release opened the floodgates for her solo career, with several other songs following suit. Earlier this summer, she performed on Protoje’s song “Not Another Word,” which acted as the biggest track she’s been apart of. After premiering on Rolling Stone, “Not Another Word” has graced Spotify playlists “Dancehall Queen,” and “Dancehall Official.”  While Lila Iké might hold the Reggae universe in the palm of her had, she’s not interested in classifying herself as a Reggae artist. She believes her music is more universal than to label inside a single genre. Flaunt spoke with the rising artist about her humble beginnings, treasured inspirations, and the meaning behind the words Lila Iké.  MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit and JIMMY CHOO shoes. I always like to know what influences an artist when they are writing and recording their songs. Who would you say are your musical influences? My favorite singer of all time is Garnett Silk. I love Toni Braxton, I really love Lauren Hill. All great artists in different genres and different types of music. But my all-time favorite is Garnett Silk. Why would they inspire you? Garnett Silk is my all-time favorite because of what he did for the music I don’t think anybody else did it. I feel like his voice, his style, he had a spiritual thing with his voice. Also, the fact that he didn’t get much time to do what I really think he wanted to do. Very powerful and very spiritual. How he was cut down so early almost makes me take up the responsibility, just make sure my music is on that level.  What’s your intention when performing your music? What are you trying to give your listeners with your talents? When I’m performing, I’m basically giving everything. With certain performers, You can identify with what they are saying. , You can see certain movements in their body, you can feel in your presence that music isn’t something they are doing to make some money. So when I’m performing I’m doing what I’m supposed to do, which is give it all Every artist has a different creative process when writing and recording music. What does your look like?  I search for inspiration, I don’t necessarily like writing with a pen and paper. When going through my everyday life, if a thought comes to me, i’ll whip out my phone and record it. Somethings I don’t record all my inspirations, but it comes upon you and for some people, it comes through like mediation or dancing or going different places. For me it’s all of the above. I like having conversations about different things. like learning as much as I can. I like listening to music, going to jam sessions.  ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER coat and boots, HALPERN turtleneck, and MISHO earrings. You’ve released four singles so far. What’s next? Is there an album or an EP on the way? Naturally, but I can’t say when. I am definitely working on new music.  We will keep our ears open! There’s a lot of musical genres, what inspired you to chose reggae? Is there a connection to the genre which drew you to it?  Personally, I don’t really associate myself with any particular genre, I feel like its a conscious thing. Like a work of poetry. I grew up in Jamaica, where there is lots of reggae. But I love reggae, it’s my favorite genre. I love spoken music, jazz, country music, reggaeton. But for me, reggae music is a part of me.  Are you still based in Jamaica? Yes. Rolling Stone premiered “Not Another World,” which features you working with Protoje and Agent Sasco. Are there any more collaborations coming up which you can tell us about? I recently did a song produced by Izzy which was released on the same day, so I haven’t been pushing it that much. That’s the most recent collaboration I’ve worked on but I’m interested in working with a lot of artists. I’d love to do a song with Chronixx and Koffee. These are things I have in my head that hopefully work out.  You recently performed at LA’s Delicious Pizza for their block party. Are there any more US shows coming up on your itinerary? Not right this minute, the next time I’m in America for a show is in Washington. My friend wants to come perform at his venue. Me, Sevana, a new artist called Jaz Elise, and another artist named Apollo. We are apart of their acoustic presentation. That’s the only thing I’m certain about. October 14th. Where did the name Lila Iké come from? What does it mean to you?  Lila, biblically was coined from my original name Alecia Grey. When I was born people would always shorten my name. They’d call me Leekee or Leelee. Once somebody called me Lila and I was very drawn to that name because I felt like a “Lila”. I made a Facebook account and used it as my Facebook name, it was “Lila Music.” And people started calling me Lila. Before I know it, everybody actually thinks my name is Lila.  Iké, I got that name from a friend of mine I met when I moved to Kingston. This guy had a Nigerian background. He grew up in Africa and said Iké is short for Ikechukwu, he told me that it meant “God is powerful” I grew up in a Christian home, my mom always went to church and believing in a higher being was always a crucial part of our everyday life. And I personally believe that there is something more beautiful and powerful than all of us here on Earth.  I wanted to appropriate this energy, which is the purest form of my music. That’s where Lila Iké came from.  It was great talking to you, is there anything you would like to add? I want people to know that it’s okay for them to be themselves, and they should go for whatever they want if they feel it in their hearts. If it brings them joy.   MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit. Photographed by Nolwen Cifuentes. Styled by Mui-Hai Chu. Hair: Darren Hau using Oribe at Opus Beauty. Makeup: Mylah Morales  at Exclusive Artists.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Autumn Hrubý is the founder of knitwear enthusiast and journal, Hesperios. The carefully crafted, sustainable collections express Hrubý’s philosophy of “quality over quantity,” with garments meant to last a lifetime. An extension of the brand is it’s dedication to classic and contemporary art, literature, and travel, which reveals itself in a biannual anthology— distributed internationally through art-and-design book stores, galleries, newsstands, and museums. This month, Hesperios released it’s third edition of the ongoing journal series, marking the celebration of both established and emerging creatives. From artists to chefs to filmmakers and poets, No.3 is packed with visual references, intellectual nuances, and personal anecdotes that will galvanize any and every reader. Flaunt spoke with Hrubý post-Journal No.3 launch to chat all things Hesperios. HESPERIOS founder, Autumn Hrubý. What’s the story behind the name of your line and literary journal, Hesperios, meaning “the evening star”?  My friend Evan Dando started calling me Hess as a nickname, short for Hesperios. At the time, Glenn O’ Brien and I were brainstorming potential names for my company to be. It was a long process, and he had several amusing options, but when I heard Hesperios, everything just clicked.   Of all the interviews in this issue, who surprised you most, and why?  Miranda Brooks interview. I loved discovering that she meditates with her client before each project to bless the land and ask the spirits for help.  “In Japan there is a standard practice to have a land blessing with the client and architect before any construction begins, to make peace with who has been there before, and to suggest where the spirits can safely wait until construction ends. Once construction is complete, they are invited back to bring love and a sense of being to what was created.”  Visually, how has literature and the art world influenced your designs?  Art and literature have influenced our brand in every possible way. I knew I wanted to make the perfect sweater and cardigan with reoccurring artist collaborations and less common color palettes. And of course, we publish art and literary books, which is at the heart of what we do. This has always been the idea behind Hesperios. Sometimes working with an artist on a particular cardigan will influence the range of colors for the collection, but I usually have a well-defined palette from the very beginning. I often have Maria Sibylla Merian’s books around for reference.   As fashion is the second most polluting industry in the world, how does your brand support sustainable practices? I’m glad you asked. This is a long answer, but it is the most important question I am asked. Hesperios has been called a “sustainable brand,” and I’m not sure what that means or if any brand can be truly “sustainable,” but we are trying, every day. I have set very high standards in the way I’d like to run everything. We are a small team, but we all care and want to do things differently and thoughtfully rather than arbitrarily pushing out more product. I think we’ve had a head start as a new company forming good habits in the early stages, rather than having to unravel detrimental ones later on. Even so, it’s a constant process which requires a tremendous amount of time to research alternative materials and more efficient methods of production.  It was always my intention to create a well-made, high-quality product that would last forever and age well. Our collection began with a sweater; designed as something you can keep as an heirloom— quality over quantity. We produce two seasons a year, with limited releases in between, all of which are produced in low quantities, so we aren’t sitting on excessive inventory.   We also recycle our inventory in a way that I’m proud of. In our last three collections, we selected a few styles from our inventory, like our Gayle or Lou knit tank, and combined them with pleating to create our signature Paloma and Lola dresses. Our collection also consists of a core library of year-round knits, which means we can keep these on our website longer because they technically don’t fall out of style. If we have inventory in a color that hasn’t sold as well, we dye it sustainably. Timeless and well-made products retain their value.  All of our wovens are produced locally in New York City. This reduces the waste of packaging and shipping materials. We try to use as much deadstock, antique, and recycled materials as possible. We will never produce leather, and we’ve kept our material options to a minimum. I don’t plan on using cashmere or wool. We plan to use 100% organic cotton by next year, and we’re also in the planning phase of bringing our knit production in-house, so we are in control of all phases of production.   I wish building a company was just about telling stories and making beautiful things, but this is such a small fraction of what is required. There can be a myriad of factors and variables which influence every decision and sometimes can be overwhelming. But we approach everything with thoughtfulness and integrity in mind.  I’ve been a vegetarian for 18 years, and I’ve always been conscious of my environment. When I was 20, I lived on a permaculture and biodynamic farm in San Miguel de Allende, and when I moved back to the states, I viewed our resources differently. I think this experience has informed my life decisions going forward, and I’m constantly reminded of those lessons. I recently sat through the Earthlings documentary and was completely shaken. It takes you through all the industries that rely on animals and how corrupt so many industries are. After watching this, I wanted to begin taking steps to become vegan. I also became overwhelmed with all the lifestyle choices associated with this decision and that if I became vegan, I would want the brand to be as well. Suddenly, becoming vegan was harder than anything I’ve ever thought about doing, especially regarding fashion. Right now, I am gathering the facts so that it isn’t an overwhelming transition. Leather is everywhere. There is no reason when there are plenty of alternative materials to use for a handbag or a shoe. But then, you also have to be knowledgeable about how those materials are made and the waste or toxic threats they could be creating.   Patagonia has been a big inspiration for my colleagues and me. My best friend, Miye McCullough, is our Director of Operations, and she has a background in Conservation, so we are always talking about sustainability. She recommended a book called The Responsible Company by Vincent Stanley and Yvon Chouinard. It has been my ongoing resource for information. I recommend this book to everyone, both personally and professionally. You can learn from their past mistakes as a company, how transparent they are, and what they did to learn and improve not only their production but practices on a global scale. The bottom line is that it takes a community effort to create change. The book is also a reminder that while mistakes are inevitable, what counts is how we solve each problem.  Everyone on our team has a genuine interest in sustainability. We enjoy the research process equally as much as the creative one. I’ve been a member of an innovative design library ever since we started, which gives architects and designers access to sustainable, biodegradable, recyclable, certified organic materials around the world. They have an actual library you can walk through and scan swatch cards; giving you instant access to suppliers who produce bio-leather from pineapple juice.   I don’t want to turn a blind eye to our ecological crisis. If I’m made aware of something that isn’t right, I will go to great lengths to try and correct it and make it better. But I have to remind myself that it cannot happen overnight.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 Drop 1 launching today, October 8th, Zara aims to release their variations on the here to stay khaki and uniform stylized core pieces. For decades in DIY culture, core basics have been used as representation and a source of visual language to identify rebellion and counterculture. These two characteristics are still used as the main sources of inspiration to highlight individual style and remain part of being unbranded in a capitalistic society. As well as being inspired by figures involved in the arts, musicians, actors, artists, and so forth. Zara is taking classic clothing archetypes with this new SRPLS CHPTR 03 line, consisting of outerwear, shirts, pants, and accessories, remixing them with new proportions, cuts, and sews every release to give a new meaning. This will be the 3rd instalment of Zara’s bi-annual SRPLS collection, showcasing men and women collections as in the past, but for the first time a kid’s line will be available. The collection speaks on the military influenced clothes that have become part of the world’s wardrobe vernacular for the past 60 years in popular culture. Made from premium materials, in limited edition with three releases each season. The collection will be available online and in select stores across the US, Spain, Germany, UK, France, Italy, Poland, Japan and China. Photos courtesy of ZARA Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Gucci has begun accepting applications for the North American Changemakers program, which includes its $1.5 million Scholarship Program and its $5 million Impact Fund for nonprofit organizations, and they have brought a collaboration with DRØME Creative Director Satchel Lee to announce it. The grant and scholarship open call announcement invites young people and nonprofits to apply to be Gucci Changemakers.  Earlier this year, Gucci announced its North American Changemakers Program, working in alignment with the company’s vision for garnering a greater social impact and pushing diversity and equity forward within the fashion industry. The film announcing the open call for applications was narrated by Changemakers Council Co-Chair, Poet, and Author Cleo Wade, and allowed for young people to share their own stories. Wade stated, “Change does not happen in theory, it happens in community. We are bringing the Gucci Changemakers initiative to life by bringing not only funds, but also time, energy, and care to communities that have been historically and systemically under resourced and overlooked for too long.” Both of the programs aim to do exactly that. They give to and prioritize historically underrepresented and marginalized communities in order to allow for the advancement of the youth and nonprofit organizations hoping to create broader change, starting within their own communities.  Learn more on applications and eligibility at www.changemakersus.gucci.com. Photos and video courtesy of Gucci Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   GUCCI jacket, pants, and shoes.  BEN SHERMAN top and pants, BRUNO MAGLI boots. The singer-songwriter and actor Chord Overstreet surprised a lot of his fans when, in 2015, he left behind his acting days on Glee to pursue a career in music. The son of Grammy-award-winning country music singer-songwriter Paul Overstreet, Chord had grown up surrounded by music, which he quickly developed an affinity for. Once he formed his own band, Overstreet, the singer was already opening for Demi Lovato and Nick Jonas on their Future Now Tour. After releasing some well-received tracks, the band came along with their first EP earlier this year Man on the Moon, Overstreet is back with the new track “My Ex.“ Flaunt sat down with Chord Overstreet and discussed his relationship with music, songwriting, and his newest single “My Ex”. I wanted to ask you a little bit about your upbringing. You were brought up by a Grammy award-winning father, you have a music-related name—it’s almost as if it was predetermined that you would be involved with music. It was probably my dad’s way of nudging me out the door with a guitar in my hand. I was the third one born into my family, and there’s three notes in a chord, so my dad and mom had names like that for everybody. My sister’s name is Harmony, like a four-part harmony, and a brother named Nash for Nashville, so everyone’s got a wacky name.  How would you say your relationship with music has evolved throughout your childhood up until today?  My relationship with music started out when I was really young and my dad introduced me to Elvis, the Beatles, and James Taylor. The stuff that I responded to was the lyrical content—songs with a story that helped you stepping out of reality, just being in your head and going wherever the music takes you. Lyrics first for me is where I always go, such as James Taylor and Bob Dylan, guys who were really able to paint a world.  Branching out into your own musical career—did you always want to do that, or was it a more recent decision after Glee?  I always did it just because I grew up around it. When I first moved out to LA, I was trying to get the acting thing going, and I had my guitar—it was always there. I never thought about it too much, I just always did it. I would be writing and I would be playing. Everything I got involved in and it worked always coincidentally had music involved, it kept chasing after me. I also always had the desire to do what my dad was doing. When I was probably 17 and playing football—I wanted to play pro football—I got a knee injury and was on Oxycontin on the couch. I was playing video games and my dad was like “Turn that damn game off and write a song!” So I picked up the guitar and couldn’t put it down.   That’s amazing. It’s good that it stuck, because I remember my parents forcing me to learn the piano at a young age, and I would get so bored by it. But then, the love for music sticks with you. It’s interesting because, when you’re a kid and taking music lessons, you don’t necessarily have the drive and determination —although some people do—to push that as a kid and develop those skills. Thank God that parents make kids take lessons because when you’re older, it’s there. I’m really thankful for my mom driving me to guitar lessons. It’s about having the foresight to see that it would be useful someday. Of course, I saw my dad do it, and he obviously taught me a lot about songwriting. My dad said something interesting to me. He had a rough childhood—he came from a broken home—and yet was always very positive in his songwriting, his message was really uplifting. Somebody asked him where his inspiration comes from when he’s writing, and he responded that he always wrote about how he wished his life was, not how it actually was, how he wanted it to be. I thought that was really cool, to be able to twist anything and make a positive message out of it. I’ve learned a lot from him out of my 30 years of studying him. I was really blessed that he put great music in front of me for me to learn from versus some of the stuff that’s pretty bad [laughs].  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. From all of these influences, how is it that you came to the sound you have now? I have a lot of modern influences even just in production, with the sound and current alternative stuff. Finding your niche within that, going back and taking some older retro production vibes and going in some of that—I would say it came from a lot of trial and error, honestly, just throwing a bunch of things at the wall. I was frustrated with not having a sound, so I went back and listened to a lot of Beach Boys stuff, as well as diving into deep tracks of music, while always wanting to make stuff that lasts for a long time. You find inspiration from the best.   You’re getting what inspiration you can from different artists and injecting it into your own style. Exactly. It’s like I really liked the way they presented that sound, how they had fifty different voices way back then, and just finding your own voice within that. A lot of the stuff I love listening to is just stuff that I want to drive to. Then I did a bunch of tours with just me and an acoustic, that singer-songwriter stuff. That’s a different side of me that is there, but after a while you just want to put on a rock show, you want to have fun, you want to express yourself and do crazy shit and not give a fuck about anybody.  GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and talents own ring. That’s actually what I wanted to ask you about next, about your shift from performing solo to having a band. It makes sense that you did it like your father before with the singer-songwriter aspect, and then you wanted to branch out.  That side of it for me is about expressing your emotions. You’ll to be up there, you’re vulnerable, and pouring your soul out. The band stuff and the energy—the crowd has so much to do with it. It’s such a release to be able to express yourself, and be that big, and be that loud, and to do whatever the fuck you wanna do. There’s such a rush in that, and when you go on and perform, you just black out—from the time it starts to the time it ends. Then all of a sudden I’m going, “Wait, is it over? Did that just happen?” It’s almost like its own drug, which you can get out of the singer-songwriter stuff, but that’s a little more therapeutic, and reliving some dark, heavier stuff.  You also have this support network of the rest of your band with you on stage.  Yeah. It’s fun to be able to make music with your friends, to shake out all of your anxiety, and nerves. I’m not a great dancer, so on stage I can just do the weirdest, craziest, stupidest stuff, and not give a fuck. That’s one of the things I like. That’s the only time you’re gonna see me blow off steam. It’s almost like you turn into a different person, which I love. That has a very similar connection with me that acting does. When acting, you get to disappear for a second. GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and KSWISS shoes. I really like that, because there’s also this other side of performing that’s filled with nerves, and you’re always worried about what people will think. But when it’s right for you, you just melt into it.  Once you say, “Fuck it,” and jump off…The first time I started doing live stuff with a band, I was learning my body, and how I move, and how I do things. But then, once you rip the band aid off and learn to not give a shit, to just have fun and move around like nobody’s watching…that’s the best. Once you can take that jump, it’s fun.  Great. I’m wondering, what artists today would you like to collaborate with if you had the opportunity? I would love to collaborate with Sting or, I listened to a lot of Aerosmith growing up they were probably one of my favorite bands. I don’t know what that would sound like, but probably more so the legends. Just to be able to say I did it and pick their brain. To get into their headspace and see what their creative process is like. Yeah, I’d ask a lot of questions like, “Hey, when you wrote ‘Dude (Looks Like a Lady),’ what was the story behind that? I’d probably be the most annoying person sitting next to them, because I would be asking them so many questions. I find that the process of songwriting is so different for everybody that “What inspired this, what inspired this, what inspired this” might open your eyes to all the things around you that you wouldn’t normally pay attention to.  BEN SHERMAN t-shirt, KENZO pants, and BALLY shoes. Going off of that, I want to ask you a similar question about your upcoming single “My Ex.” The songs on your Man on the Moon EP have a lot to do with past relationships and the effect they had on you. How does this single play off that? What inspired this direction that you’re going in? I wrote this song the next day after running into one of my exes. I ran into her at the bar and she was with one of her friends, and I used to hang out with both of them when we were together. I run into this person all the time, and I ran into her, and every time I run into her she’s with her boyfriend. It’s a little odd, because he’s just a little bit odd about it. We’re cool though, I love her to death she’s super sweet. She started flirting with me a little bit, talking and drinking. To make a long story short, we hung out and afterwards I felt like she was making a move on me—not that I would’ve done anything. Then her boyfriend showed up and the whole vibe completely changed. I found all of this really interesting, so the next day when I went into the studio to write, I started working on the track with my buddy, and in thirty minutes I had the song written. The thing I thought was interesting was, what if I actually did go home with my ex-girlfriend and she left her current boyfriend? I just thought that would’ve been an interesting hypothetical situation, because once you had that relationship with somebody, there’s always something that’s underneath a little bit. You’re always wondering “What if it turned out differently?  When you’re young, relationships end for reasons that when you’re older I’m sure they never would. There’s probably a reason and a good reason it did end. I self-examine a lot of my dating life. It’s an easy thing for me to really look at that while I’m writing.  That’s a positive thing—self-examination, looking at how everything went down and how you can change for the future—it’s a very good thing. It’s very much like therapy.  Like self-therapy almost.  It is difficult to analyze yourself without you running through your own protective filter. When something happens in a relationship, people see it from a slanted view where they end up not being as harsh on themselves as they are on the person they’re breaking up with. Being that way with yourself can be tough.  KENZO jacket and pants. Very true. My final question is, you know how people usually get an impression of an artist whenever they listen to their album or a single. I’m wondering, with the debut album you’re releasing next year, is there a specific impression you want people to get of you, whether as a person or as a musician? That’s a good question. My goal for this next batch of songs is—everybody relates to love, loss, things changing. They might not relate to the exact story, but everybody has felt that way, everyone has had that emotion. Being able to really put out emotions that are relatable, that hard stuff that you don’t really want to talk about, or being able to share the good feelings. It’s about being able to emote and give people something they can relate to.  They end up feeling an emotional connection to it. They have a connection to the music. Even if it is specific to my story. That’s probably the main goal.  That’s probably the main unifier between people and music—the ability to connect with an emotion or lyric, anything about it—it’s great.  It could just be a lyric, it could be something that makes you say “I felt that way.” Even Drake with “Why you gotta fight with me at Cheesecake Factory/ You know I love to go there.” That’s funny, and it’s real. I think it’s genius how specific that is, because you can’t make that shit up.  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. It’s specific enough that you can imagine being in a similar situation. Everybody has got into a fight with somebody at a place like that. Cheesecake Factory is just—I think that’s hilarious. Drake does that better than anyone. Great. That’s it on my part, is there anything you wanted to talk about that we haven’t touched on? We talked about the sound, the inspiration…The one thing I also wanted to talk about…just the…I guess we talked about it. Letting people in and getting a good look at who I actually am and what goes on behind the curtains, what grinds my gears I guess. Especially with this new project you’re doing, it’s a new path, and for people to see that and get their impression of you, it’s really important. It’s new for me, but it’s also thirty years of  my experience in self-discovery, and giving people a look into the reality of where I’ve been and where I’ve come from, that’s really important. That’s great. We very much look forward to your new material.  Yeah, I’m constantly writing, so hopefully I’ll get a bunch of new stuff out there.  Photographed by Jonny Marlow at Early Morning Riot. Styled by Brendon Alexander. Grooming: Avian King using Davines at The Rex Agency. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   A woman with a past containing hardships to a future where she can clearly see what she wants, Diana Gordon is back with her new single, “Becoming” which is all about celebrating hard work, being in control, and having her family by her side. She is a multi talented woman who sings, song writes, produces, and is a visual artist. Diana is not afraid to be herself and through her voice and singing, she has been able to have an emotional outlet. Her music is a mix of rhythmic drums, alternative rock, and dark folk, which create a melodic base for her powerful and captivating voice.  Diana has won Grammys in the past for her songwriting and producing work with many prominent artists, including Mark Ronson, Dua Lipa (“Electricity”), Beyonce ("Sorry", "Daddy Lessons", "Don't Hurt Yourself'), and more.  Her 2018 EP Pure was described by Pitchfork as being, “marked by her striking voice and emotional candor.” Diana has an album set to come out next year and will follow the tone of her new single “Becoming.”   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The high desert has remained as popular as it was 40 years ago to getaway to, when your dad was planning a Joshua Tree trip with his buddies and forgot to pack the trail mix, as well as the good suede boston birkenstock’s.  HWY 62 ART TOURS is becoming one of the fastest growing attractions taking place over 3 weekends in October, featuring 150 artists opening their studios to showcase artwork.  Part of the fun derrives from its self-driven aspect, furtherly explained by Art Tours Director, Bill Green: “The best thing about the Art Tours is that you never know what you’ll discover. With over 30 different categories of art, you might see a tile house followed by an abstract painter followed by a sculptor. You get to choose what you want based on your interest. There are so many different artists here with unique studio spaces that you can’t possibly see them all. It’s a big reason why we went to three weekends this year.” This special desert art tour taking place under the stars will take place this month in October over the spand of 3 weeks.  Weekend Oct. 5th & 6th, the 11th & 12th, and lastly the 18th & 19th. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Photo courtesy Nike. This is what we have been waiting for. In Los Angeles, Nike is coming out with limited-edition Air Max 270 React sneakers and fleece hoodies. Not only are they limited-edition, they are specially-designed by three talented L.A. artists: Sage Adams, Jheyda McGarrell, and Gabrielle Richardson. Each artist used their stories to create a this new collection of sneakers and hoodies, incorporating their unique style and flare. Flaunt was fortunate enough to get to chat with the women, see below.  SAGE ADAMS: The NY Transplant “Designed by artist and curator Sage Adams, this Air Max 270 React is a reinvention of the classic white shoe that Adams saw in her childhood. The shoe comes outfitted with a pizza slice charm to nod to the classic comfort from her home-state, a reminder to pay tribute to your roots.” What inspired you to pursue art? For me the lack of representation of marginalized people as popular visual artists really spoke to a gap I wanted to fill. We needed more than Basquiat, we needed to know Carrie Mae Weems, Kara Walker, Henry Taylor! I needed to see more of a spectrum of the stories being told and mediums used.  Do you feel that art has opened up new possibilities for expression for you?  Art In many ways has taken over how I see the world. Before I started breaking things down into shape rather than how they ‘actually look’ was the moment I began to feel like an artist. It’s opened my mind to an array of possibilities otherwise deemed impossible. I didn’t even think I could draw as a kid. What is the process you go through when curating an exhibition? Do you have a specific message in mind? For me it’s getting to know the artist and what made them make the thing and then it’s how do these things come together to tell the story.  What connects the works, what makes them different from other pieces in archive? What medium? What does the architecture of the actual gallery space look like? Creating an authentic representation of an idea or ethos is one of the hardest and most rewarding things there is.   JHEYDA MCGARRELL: The Homegrown Angeleno “L.A. native artist Jheyda McGarrell’s take on the Air Max 270 React is influenced by her Black and Mexican upbringing. Pops of red pay homage to rose bushes grown in the front yard of her childhood home, while gold accents represent the evolving idea of opulence for Black and Brown communities. Topped off with a cherub charm, a reminder to honor traditions and use the lessons of the past to keep it moving forward.” Questions for Jhyeda Mcgarrell: How does your heritage, as an Angeleno of both Black and Mexican decent, reflect onto your artwork? My heritage is reflected in all of my work due to the heavy impact of it in my formation. The contention of growing up experiencing all these different aspects of culture and tradition is an experience many without their stories ever been told. This specific project in my mind has worked to piece together the different aspects of the different culture backgrounds, that our two cultures share. This shoe to me bridges the created tension of an American landscape. It shows the ways we are one and the ways people like me live between these different ideologies and physical spaces. It bridges the weird black kid in the white neighborhood to the dark skinned mixed Mexican kid growing up with Tias smoothing down their curls and gives us space to just be all our different facets without contention.  What was the most rewarding and challenging part of this process? The most rewarding part in this has been seeing the smile on my mom’s face when I told her I was working on a collaboration with Nike. The most challenging but also rewarding part has been working with an entire crew of people to execute an idea which is still relatively new to me. It’s so beautiful to see all these brilliant, different minds working to make something I once imagined.  What do you hope people feel when they wear your shoes/hoodie? Confidence? Individuality?  I hope when they wear the apparel they feel like they are truly reflecting their highest self. I hope they feel comfortable and free. I hope they feel every good emotion that has been out into the making and the lifestyle behind the creation. I hope they feel loved because I know I do from them.  What qualities do you see in yourself that you know you got from your family? Pretty much everything. My family is completely made up of immigrants and all of the qualities I’ve gained from their strength and preservation in a country against them is appreciated. I have learned love and a desire to improve our lives and the lives around us and to honor heritage. I have learned even the qualities they might oppose in me. I have learned to always crave freedom and to always have a strong sense of self among so many other things.  It is so amazing that you get to work with Nike to be a source of inspiration for many people. What has inspired you, and in return, what do you want your work to inspire in others?  Thank you! It is literally such an honor. I’ve been inspired by everyone around me embodying the phrase “existence is resistance”. I’ve been inspired by the black, the brown, the indigenous, the queer, the trans, the fat, the disabled, the people who make up the qualities most worth embodying, utter freedom of expression and true strength. I hope my work inspires people to follow myself and others in moving forward towards freeing themselves and seeing the value in their everyday life, even when it’s boring, even if you hate yourself, like I did once and still do sometimes, I hope they know they are important.  GABRIELLE RICHARDSON: The Passionate Traveler “Neon meets pastel in a technicolor dream in the Air Max 270 React designed by model and multimedia artist Gabrielle Richardson. The colorway exhibits the dichotomy of the modern-day jetsetter — neon being those moments of movement, and pastels representing the comforts of home. Embellished with a ‘Real’ charm, an encouragement to make creative dreams a reality without letting others restrict your point of view.” Questions for Gabby Richardson: Which place that you’ve travelled to been the most influential, or just your favorite and why? I think the most influential place I’ve ever been is in Cape Town, South Africa. It was beautiful to be in a majority black country, but still felt a sense of disillusion being in a country with such an intense racial caste system. I felt so lucky to be in Africa, a continent that felt so connected to my identity but where I had never been. I met so many young talented South African artists in Cape Town who shared their art with me, and it reinforced my drive to do better to create and facilitate spaces for young black kids globally. What do you want people to feel or think when wearing your design? I want people to feel validated, I want to give people hope. I want people to know, in our constant shared state of anxiety that we live in that there is a silver lining. I used the neon colors because they’re utilitarian colors used often in industrial and emergency settings, I offset the abrasive colors with pastels to give it a sense of softness, and a sheer window so people can show off their personality. I think the real chain is self-explanatory, what you do, whatever you want to do, that shits real, that shits valid, don’t let anyone limit you and tell you that your aspirations are fake. What does it mean for you to be a part of Nike’s limited edition collection? It feels crazy! I As a child I never thought it was a possibility for me to work in the creative world and even more of a ludicrous fantasy to be able to have my own shoe. I think it’s a testament that any dream you have can be built. This journey with Nike has been a really formative experience for me as artist, I have never been so affirmed in my artistry. I was able to direct so many aspects of the campaign from the casting, color ways, and insert in the shoe. Being believed in is a magic that I want to pass on. Everything can be real!! What does travel mean to you? Through my time traveling I’ve realized that I learn mostly through experience. Through meeting people and exchanging stories of each other’s lives, I not only gain an objective knowledge but also broaden my emotional intelligence. A willingness to learn doesn't have to only connote traditional practices of learning, an education can be childlike and involves a lot of falling and getting back up. Traveling allows to see me to see the world for the first time always, everything and anything can fill me with wonder.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    WILDFOX clothing.  WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, JF LONDON shoes, ASOS belt, and KRYSIA RENAI necklace.  WILDFOX clothing and DALMATA necklace and ring.  WILDFOX clothing, B JAMES bag, WOLF CIRCUS necklace, and FARRADAS KNITS clips.  WILDFOX t-shirt and CLYDE hat  WILDFOX clothing, ASOS headband, IMAGO-A belt, and MALONE SOULIERS shoes.  WILDFOX clothing and MISCREANTS gloves.   Left to right: WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, VIA SPIGA shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. WILDFOX sunglasses, MALONE SOULIERS shoes, FARRADAS KNITSearrings, I.O. COLLECTIVE ring, and NORA KOGAN ring.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings.  WILDFOX clothing, TIBI belt, LADY GREY earrings, and MARY MACGILL necklace.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. In a city more rife with wantrepreneurs than we care to truly consider, there are origin stories aplenty. Divided this in two, split that up, and presto! Success! Took the family business and scaled it. Had an invention idea come in a dream and now we're shipping ten thousand units. Was in the right place at the right time. Knew a guy who knew a guy and the rest is history. Often rather boring stories. But how often do you hear of success stories that originate in the club? Business is done in clubs, business is celebrated in clubs, but rarely do you witness material success be birthed in the club. Enter saxophonist and entrepreneur Jimmy Sommers, CEO of Wildfox and 100% owner of the lifestyle brand known for its sun-soaked, sexy California attitude. In addition to being Wildfox CEO, Jimmy Sommers is a partner in top shelf tequila, Perfectomundo, with multi-Grammy winning DJ and producer, Paul Oakenfold, and owns a boutique line of beautifully hand-forged eyewear, very appropriately named Sommers.  Wildfox was birthed over a decade ago. While throwing must-attend parties all over the world, and made in LA units flying fast, the company navigated the economic recession and explosion of e-commerce with a big smile on its face. The birth of influencer marketing across Instagram, however, and a glut of fast, cheap fashion brands, have created challenges in recent seasons, and Sommers is continually seeking ways in which to stay true to how his brand was built and scaled, while integrating a modern sensibility for how fashion is currently consumed. Sommers took time on the deck of his Modern home in the Hollywood Hills, to speak on the changes he's witnessed in the apparel industry, as well as Los Angeles, as well as his only-in-Hollywood story of rising to musical prominence, and in so doing, creating a platform for himself with which to meet the world and explore other ventures. In support is a Wildfox Fall '19 editorial, photographed on the azure hills of Malibu late this summer by frequent Flaunt photographer, Shane McCauley. You found your footing in Hollywood with an exceptional saxophone talent right?  Exactly, being good at something was my way in. The saxophone was my in to Hollywood, in to different events, meeting people. It was a tool. I used the sax as a tool. In college I got a scholarship for it. Then I got to take a crack at LA because I had a reason: to become a professional saxophone player. I was very fortunate to have parents that are supportive and together still, which is rare. They’re my backbone.   And what sort of evolutions have you observed in the music industry over time? The music industry is… well, it’s funny because when I came out here there was something called smooth jazz, and there were jazz and smooth jazz stations. I grew up listening to David Sanborn and Marcus Miller and their style was my key influence. I had gigs all the time. But that’s changed and so has my music career. I used to go on tour all the time. So, the radio stations changed their formats and then comes Hip-Hop. When I was out here recording, it was Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg and Tupac and that era, which was cool shit—it still is cool—but now it’s a whole new and different thing.  You actually mentioned you recorded with all manner of artists at the time, like Tupac himself? Well it just happened that Dr. Dre and Tupac’s engineer lived in my house on Sunset. That’s how it came to be. All of the sudden I was exposed to this music, so then I was playing with them… What’s interesting is that when I was out here, I played saxophone at the China Club, and the China Club is where all the musicians came. I played with Prince, I played with the Kal David band. Rick James came to play. I was immersed with all these great musicians. And what was the sort of lightning bolt moment that deepened your involvement? I was a guest at a part of John Paul DeJoria’s house, the guy that started Paul Mitchell. I was at the bar drinking Patrón with Rod Stewart, who I had just met. We got to laughing and I said, “Rod, let’s go play with the band. I’ve got my sax in the car.” I went to get out my sax and next thing we’re on stage with the band. And that’s where JP was like, ‘Wow, you’re great.’ I didn’t have a record deal at the time, but he was like, ‘How can I help you? Come to my office.’ So inspiring. So I end up playing his gatherings where ten thousand people come, all his hairdressers. He puts a package together, about a hundred and fifty thousand CDs, and distributes them at the salons, which was a catapult to me getting a record deal. It was outside the box, and that really helped me stand out from the rest. That’s what he does. He builds people up. All of the sudden, when my record was done, all of the record labels wanted some. That’s when I ended up getting into the record business with Universal. They pushed me because JP believed in me. And what a vision. He actually started Patrón Tequila 29 years ago, sold it for five billion bucks. And what is he doing now? Giving back. He’s doing great things, and he’s always done that. Doesn’t just go buy a yacht or whatever. He’s such a humanitarian. The guy is just too good to be true. WILDFOX clothing And now you’ve launched your own tequila brand, Perfectomundo? My best friend met someone that owned the best distillery in Mexico. He said ‘we have the best blend of Tequila,’ so we decided to make it. We ended up collaborating with Paul Oakenfold to do Perfectomundo tequila, which is the same name as Paul’s label. It seemed like a good fit. It’s nice to have a business with friends that you can enjoy. We started it a couple years ago, and it’s doing great, and God damn you should try it. It’s delicious! Tequila’s growing big time. And ours has been rated in several shows and tastings, it’s won a lot of awards. The problem with these big tequila companies is they can’t make it fast enough. So they pump it through, and it’s not as good anymore. Being a boutique brand, it’s small batches, and extremely good. Has LA changed a lot to you since coming here? Oh man, in so many ways. To start, there was no bottle service. You’d go out, it wasn’t all the phones with the cameras. You’d go out there, you’d talk to people, not everyone was staring at their phones. That’s just in general, not just LA. But it’s not the same as it used to be. It still is beautiful. It’s still got talented people. Beautiful beaches, you know, beautiful hills. I suppose it’s just that technology has changed.   And how did you make the music to fashion transition? Were you inspired by something in general? Being in that circuit, going to Paris, seeing all that, the fashion shows and having friends in the fashion business was major. And what goes on in London, Paris, Milan—it's so different. Music propelled me to go and experience the world and fortunately enough there came an opportunity to get involved in something else. I knew what was going on in fashion, I was going to the trade shows, seeing what people were doing out there. And to put a different spin on something was key. These two girls came and pitched an idea, something different with a t-shirt company. Oversized, different shapes, something completely different. That’s when we first launched Wildfox. And of course it blew up. Was there a key moment in time? A couple girls came to me with an idea. I said as long as it’s the coziest, softest material, I’m down. That’s what I was going for—the best materials with the right washes. But, we couldn’t even get into the majors, because we had just started. One day, a friend, Alessandra Ambrosio, said, ‘Jimmy Sommers, I’ll model for you. I’ll put your clothes on and I’ll take some pictures. But you do it! You take the pictures.’ So when she was in town, I threw the T-Shirts on her. I had never done this before, so I went to Samy’s Camera and said, ‘Give me your best camera.; It was a 5D and I said, ‘Well, what do you do? I’m shooting a Victoria’s Secret model, what do you do?’ And they just go, ‘Yeah right, sir. Just put it in auto.”’ So, I bought the camera for five grand and went and she put on all the shirts. Then Alessandra was like, ‘Well you can’t use these because Victoria’s Secret is going to get mad.’ So, I said, ‘Ok, of course not, I won’t use these.’ Then, at the trade show, I blew up the biggest photo of her, which was overlooking the whole show. People took notice, and the first order I got was a $60,000 order from Kitson. And I go, ‘How did you see us over here? We’re not even in the main show!?’ And of course they said ‘well, we saw that poster of Alessandra.’ Of course, I was in debt, so it was so great. Alessandra was the key thing. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. How would you describe the identity of the Wildfox brand, how it came to be a force? I’d say along the lines of, ‘Oh, that’s the brand with the softest material,’ the funny sayings, ‘celebrities wear it’, that sorta thing. As the current Wildfox CEO, I ensure we make all our clothes in LA, and it’s great stuff that’ll last forever. Quality. Any person that has a shirt since we started is still wearing it—I’m wearing one right now. They’re out there and they’ve got a frickin’ Wildfox—especially in LA and New York and London—they have something of ours in their closet. Now these other brands come, these fast fashion brands that have Internet money, and it’s cheaper clothes. And there’s all this paying people to wear stuff. We never had to do that when I started. And there’s a lot of that now. Yes, and the mimicry scales so fast. There’s a lot of copycat brands, but what can you do? Just be original. When I started as Wildfox CEO, we thought simply: let’s make t-shirts like butter. The softest t-shirts ever. People say that our first shirts are like fine wine. They just keep getting better and better. They don’t fall apart. Now we have to keep evolving and doing other things. From dresses and higher fashion stuff. Everyone still loves a good shirt and sweats and loungewear, but you have to watch where the world is up to. And now we’re all watching each other on little screens? Yes! Instagram wasn’t around when we started. In fact, we were one of the first accounts to get so many followers. Now, everyone’s influenced by it, which is kind of sad, because it can easily get carried away. It’s good to get these people’s support, but you know… these influencers have so much coming to them. If someone likes a brand, they’ll wear it and talk about it. I talk about a lot of things I like. But, like, one post? It’s not sincere. Left to right: CLYDE hat, JF LONDON shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. CLYDE hat, HARDEMAN shoes, stylist’s own socks, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings. And have you felt tested by owning a company, dealing with the ebbs and flows from the top? Of course. Having a company, you’re working with people, spending more time with your colleagues than anyone. It’s nice to do special things and, hey, if you can be successful and be funny as a company, isn’t that great for everyone involved? Me, being an artist, I get carried away a little and spend too much, and it catches up. This month we are restructuring our offices, tightening up my business. Now we have all these incredible new designs, and there’s excitement at first, then a little stagnancy. Like a relationship. You have to keep tooling and pushing. And do you feel the trajectory is normal for a brand, like a cycle, or is Jimmy Sommers’ Wildfox different?  There are unique circumstances to Wildfox and then much of it is normal high’s and low’s for any brand. Looking back, when you’re rising every year, a lot of big brands would call me and I gave them the middle finger because I thought everything was going to keep going up. ‘I don’t need this, everything's fine.’ But sometimes you do need someone to come in and give some help. It’s been my strategy to stay a one hundred percent owner, but I'm always looking for a strategic partner who can grow it bigger and bigger. You’re always hearing about the pitfalls of growth in the fashion and apparel industry. Any truth to that? You get cocky, but, you know, the consistent factor is you always need some really good people around. I’m still dealing with people that I find out they were faking it. It’s like, what was I doing for the last seven years paying you a hundred and twenty grand? What were you doing? Because I love it when people leave or go and you don’t even need to replace them. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. And how about outside insights or consultation? Not being from this business, I’ve hired a lot of consultants. I’ve figured out that they’ve told me everything I was already doing. With consultants, I’ve learned they’re typically the failed CEOs of their own businesses, or CEOs that got fired, and they want a lot of money. Every consultant I’ve taken aboard hasn’t changed shit. They’ll move certain things around and they’re just shuffling papers. They’ll come in and paper shuffle, and it’s like ‘Oh my God, how much money am I spending?’ So perhaps it’s more in the creative structure? Who at this stage might you think to be an ideal partner? It’s got to be a funny cat. Look at Pharrell! He’s got all this crazy music, he’s great. We’ve met a few times and once I was like, ‘Aren’t you doing fashion?’ and he named four different companies. Wow, what a talent. So someone like that I’d like to get in the mix. New approach on creative ideas. Even Nike does all these things. Collaborations are big business these days. It sparks energy into something, so I’m looking for collabs and there’s a lot of possibilities. Jimmy, aside from being Wildfox CEO and tequila entrepreneur, how about your personal trajectory? Any excerpts from the book of life? All you can do is just learn from life and other people. But you have to trust other people so you truly can learn from them. And that doesn’t always work out, but you have to try. ‘If you look back,’ my father used to ask me, ‘would you change anything?’ You know what, no I wouldn’t. But maybe I have to say that because my father asked me! And how about music? You’re still keeping an eye on the scene? I’m always supporting new artists, as I was one back in the day. Lately I’ve been signing country artists. I know how it is, it’s tough. So it’s nice for me to help out other people, and not just for one song. You have to throw a lot in there and see what sticks. I did that with my music. I worked on three albums at once, and could never finish anything! But then I’d be putting together a record in Chicago, and I’d meet someone and they’d be like, ‘Let’s have ten songs in three months.’ And I was like, ‘Wow, that works.’ Deadlines are important! CLYDE hat, TIBI shoes, IMAGO-A bag, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace. And you’re building a studio up here in the Hills? It’s pretty amazing, the sound. I have a great sound system up here, and you can really hear when someone knows how to record, or mix. Man, that’s a big deal, the mixing. My favorite place to create is like this, where something sounds good. You know, in the Hills, in the studio. That’s why Tupac and everyone used to roll through back in the day! I had a recording studio! That’s why I’m building a new one up here. It’s a special spot. When you’re first in the Hills, you look out there and you’re thinking ‘Wow, I wanna move out here.’ And so I’ve always lived in the Hills, from all the way around. Like seven different houses, and I finally bought one. I look out, and I see the city sparkling, and all those people and their lives from here to as far as you can see, and you’re just on top of the hill, on top of the world. It feels frickin’ good, and it still does. And how’s it all going to land? What’s the big picture look like? Well, it would be nice to have a great relationship, and kids, and this and that. But who knows? Let’s just say I’m gonna die however, but with a smile on my face. Peter Fonda just passed away, and you know, his sister Jane, that’s what she said, that he ‘passed but he had a smile on his face.’ It’s like, have a good ride, because we’re not here forever. Photographed by Shane McCauley.  Flaunt Film Directed by Lucas Chemotti. Models: Dani Dolinger at LA Models and Patterson Wells at Visions Models LA. Styled by Britton Litow. Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co and Oribe at Nest Artists. Makeup: Cedric Jolivet using MAC Cosmetics at Lowe & Co. Manicurist: Lisa Jachno using Chanel Le Vernis at Opus Beauty. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019 The contemporary jewelry line, AGMES, is the brainchild of Morgan and Jaclyn Solomon. Each collection is influenced by facets of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art. The geometric and sculptural, metallic silhouettes reflect modern heirlooms, meant to last a lifetime. Handcrafted in New York, the sisters provide local jobs and utilize recycled metals, which is central to their code of ethicality. With the release of their Fall 2019 lookbook, Flaunt spoke with the Solomon gals to chat all things AGMES. Tell us about the inception of AGMES. Morgan Solomon: We hadn’t anticipated starting a line together years ago, it all happened naturally and kind of fell into place this way. I was working as a buyer at Bloomingdale’s at the time but always felt like something was missing in my life. After catching up with an old friend, I was re-inspired and decided to pursue jewelry design full-time. Meanwhile, Jaclyn had just resigned from her job as a sweater designer at Proenza Schouler. She had planned to take a little time off, but as I was getting ready to launch my first collection, I was asking her for more and more input. It started out with small projects, to larger projects like producing our first lookbook, and naturally led us to form a partnership. What aspects of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art inspire the geometry of your designs? MS: Our collection is very sculptural in nature, so we’re often inspired by sculptors such as Jean Arp, Henry Moore, and Barbara Hepworth, to name a few. We’ve also been greatly inspired by the designs of Charlotte Perriand, Pierre Jeanneret, and Mies van der Rohe. For our most recent SS19 collection, we drew from Ellsworth Kelly’s plant drawings. What dedications has the brand made in regards to sustainability?  MS: Sustainability has always been very important to us, but we feel that now more than ever, it’s crucial to keep our environmental footprint as small as possible. There is so much waste in this industry, and we think it’s our responsibility to make sure we’re not adding to the problem. All our products are made locally in NYC, which helps keep our carbon footprint small, and we use only recycled metals for all our jewelry. Any excess metal that hasn’t been used in our jewelry is melted and repurposed for new pieces.  Jaclyn Solomon: We recycle and reuse everything we can. We’re always bringing in bubble wrap, packaging materials, boxes, etc. from packages we receive at home so that we can reuse them instead of letting them go to waste. What are some of the ideas and concepts behind your Fall 2019 collection? JS: We drew from one of our favorite pieces from the existing collection, the Gabriela Bangle, which we had hand-formed from clay. We love the weight of this piece, the feel of it, and the look. So we wanted to continue playing with this sculptural hand-formed look, but play with the proportions and symmetry further. Most of this collection came from pieces we hand-formed from clay. Do you have a favorite piece from the collection? JS: My favorite is the Gabriela Hairclip! MS: I’ve been wearing the Medium Celia Hoops almost every day lately. And I’ve also been wearing our Domed Ring layered with the Cara Ring from last season. I love being able to build off the styles I already have.  What’s next?  MS: We’ve only just begun expanding into the accessories category – first jewelry, and then we introduced some home and hair accessories. We’ve been exploring the idea of expanding further into these categories, in a way that stays true to us – beautiful organic forms, all of which will become modern heirlooms and embody a sense of timelessness. Photography: Arno Frugier Creative direction: Ashley Helvey Model: Audrey Marnay Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Perverze is the burgeoning Tokyo-based, avant-garde street label taking off in global proportions. The brand is comprised of an on-going collaboration between creative visionaries in Japan, and founded on the retro styles of the 80s and 90s counterculture. Despite the decline of fashion retailers in recent years, Perverze is one of Japan's fastest-growing fashion startups. From shredded knits to tailored coats and bucket hats, the brand champions it's vintage aesthetic with modern functionality.  With recent media frenzy, Perverze has teamed up with Assembly NY to launch it's official U.S. presence. Starting November 15th, the Fall/Winter 2019 collection will be on display in New York's Lower East Side for a month-long showcase. Although this pop-up will be brief, Perverze has no plans to slow down any time soon. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On a mid-fall afternoon, Graham Tyler and I sat down at the High Line Hotel. Surrounded by its collegiate gothic-style architecture and mid-19th-century mementos, we reflect on the time ambiguousness of it— much like his work. Once a student of sculpture and millinery, Tyler found his craft somewhere between bespoke and ready-to-wear, although, he’s not the typical trend-leaning, Instagram-hype designer we’ve become accustomed to. Rather, he’s more introspective, and frankly, unparalleled in his skill. Blending Renaissance, Edwardian, and Victorian silhouettes, Graham modernizes each garment reference through a contemporary lens. In conversation, we spoke of his interests, inspirations, and career from past to present.  How did you decide to study sculpture at Cleveland Institute of Art, and how did that lead you to your millinery apprenticeship with Marta Glazen? I started with painting, and my work was about the body. When it came to actually choosing my major, I ended up going with sculpture because I was more interested in tactile 3d works at the time. And again, I was making a lot of things about the body. From there, I realized I really wanted to learn a craft and wanted to have a skill— a real solid craft skill set. I was looking around at what would be of interest to me, and then I became kind of obsessive about really fascinating textiles. So just in happenstance, I found a woman in Cleveland that was taking an apprentice. Her name was Marta, and she took me in very kindly, and it was very intense; it was about two years with her. Two years, for five, maybe six days a week. I learned a lot from her. She's worked with everybody, and she was wonderful.  How did you decide to switch from sculpture to hats to ready to wear? I was making headwear for a lot of different people in New York, from stylists to runway to a lot of nightlife personalities. People would constantly ask me, "Can you make a garment to go with the hats that your making?" So I thought that I probably should learn how to make clothes. I was making a lot of clothing and headwear. Then, some of the designers that I was working with for their own lines  said, "Just start your own thing."  You went on to make custom headwear for Lady Gaga, Barneys NY, Adam Selman, and Polo Ralph Lauren, to name a few. What were those experiences like? Ralph Lauren for Polo was a full-time day job, and I was doing headwear. That was a really great experience of learning the ins and outs of a brand and how a brand functions at that scale. It's especially nice to work at a brand with such a specific aesthetic. When it comes to celebrities, I work with a few different stylists and such. I largely work with Zaldy, who is a big costume designer. He used to be the designer for LAMB for Gwen Stefani. I worked with him, and it's a really great relationship because he can transfer the information and the aesthetic that they're looking for quite easily. Celebrity work can be tricky because we both come to the table with totally different aesthetics. So I try to translate their thoughts and their words through my hand, which can be kind of a tedious process. It's a lot of give and take on that, but in the end, it's fun. Speaking of costume design— have you ever considered crossing over into that category? I mean, I now understand why Christian Lacroix decided to be a costume designer. Because there's a lot more freedom in that— I don't think I would, because I don't feel that my clothes and the topics that I'm discussing in my work translate well on stage, so I probably would never become a costume designer. None of my clothes have any historical accuracy. I'm usually re-cutting a historical garment into something totally different, or I cut a jacket as a shirt, and I cut a corset as a jacket. I kind of am shifting and re-translating and re-curating things. Your silhouettes are a modern and original take on historical fashion with an emphasis on curved seams, leg of mutton sleeves, corsets, suit vests, and so on. What era's in fashion do you find most influential to you? And do you see a resurgence in antiquated-style clothing? I think the world is consistently reflexive. I think that that is relevant to me. I do see a resurgence in— at least currently, there's a lot of Victorian and Edwardian references transpiring. Especially with puffed sleeves, these are quite popular at the moment. The most recent collection was largely about Mary Shelley and her husband and the Pforzheimer collection at the New York Public Library, which focuses on 1819 to 1845. I mainly stuck to that time period as to the corsets, jackets, and shirts that I was cutting— I was referencing those styles. My work blends Renaissance, Edwardian, Victorian, and some extremely contemporary styles of cutting so that things never feel historical, and they never feel contemporary. They always feel like this very time ambiguous work, which I think is a new way of making clothes — to be very time ambiguous about the way that you're working. Overarchingly, people describe my work as being very Amish. I definitely take that as a compliment, just because I think I cut very graphic shapes, but with very tactile textiles and very hand ROT textiles- and that's kind of an Amish practice. The wonderful thing about Amish is that they look the same today as they did, and they do still.  Speaking of your SS20 collection, "The Origin of Failure," what's the meaning behind this title? It's a long, drawn-out situation. Though the collection was about the Pforzheimer collection and Mary Shelley and her husband, it also was in tandem with trying to figure out what contemporarily is a Romantics approach to making things. I was really inspired by glitch art — also, the act of being romantic about pixelated data. A lot of the prints were all glitched out. I was glitching the images with the love letters. I was typing the love letters into the code of the photos and glitching them through that by putting too much data into the back end. So the long drawn out part of it is that there's only one real piece of critical academic writing about the glitch art that's called The Aesthetics of Post-Digital Objects, I believe. It refers to a glitch as the origin of failure. I was really fascinated by that term. Also, it's terminology as linked to Mary Shelley's obsession with failure in her book and most of her literature, but especially in Frankenstein. What were some of your other points of inspiration for the collection?  I was looking at one specific love letter, which is dated August 23rd — my birthday, that Mary Shelley's husband sent to her. Then when he passed away, she rewrote it, and the rewritten version is at the library. That was the main graphic, and then I referenced for the styles that I was cutting a few original Parisian fashion magazines from the early 1800s, these little women's books. Then a diary-slash-entertainment book that a woman named Anne Wagner kept, and I created a dress using her entire book that I reprint. That dress now will be in the permanent collection of the Phorzheimer. They have bought it, and it'll be the only piece of contemporary clothing that exists in their archive, which is really wonderful. Those are the main things that I was focusing on visually.  Do you have a favorite piece from this collection? The jacquard triptych. The three-piece suit that had their love letters and embroidered into it was my favorite look. That garment is made with this new technology that I'm working on with a computer weaving company in California to be able to create jacquard garments with no wastage. That's how the Mary Shelley corset was also created. They normally create a lot of wastage to make that work.  Art plays an innate influence in your work. Do you prefer antiquity or modern art? It's a big mix in between. I don't think there's an art style that I don't like for the most part, but I'm not a big Surrealist fan. There are a few artists that I'm always thinking about, but I only look at historical art when it's when it pertains to a specific topic. I know the Smithsonian Institution in DC was an important gallery to you growing up. What's your favorite museum today? As a child, we went to that museum almost every summer in DC. There's a Vermeer room that was important to me, and the room about Alexander Calder in the Modern was significant for me as a kid. The feeling of uncanniness inspired me in his work. I recently went to the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum. That was probably the most fantastic art experience I've had because it's really beautiful to experience art of that nature and of that caliber on non-white institutional walls. What are some of your favorite art movements and painters? My favorite artist is Joseph Cornell, who created these incredible little boxes filled with objects. He dealt with melancholy, nostalgia, and love in the same way that I do. I have a soft spot for miniatures and small works of art. I am more inspired by the underpaintings of paintings than I am of the paintings themselves. The color palettes from my work are based on Versailles' underpaintings, which are black and white paintings that they do before they do the painting on top. Any of the artists in the Baroque time period did that a lot. I look at Baroque paintings and Baroque unfinished works of art quite often. I also look at Jasper Johns work a lot. Currently, there's an artist Jefferson Hayman. He's a photographer, and he does these really beautiful little photographs that are my current obsession. Your last two collections have focused on the use of muted colors. Why are you more drawn to grays and blacks, and do you plan on reintroducing color in future collections? I'm partially color blind, and managing all of those colors was very hard for me. I realized I was in a very different place at that point in time. The short answer is no; I won't be going back to color. I consider those first two collections iterations of me attempting to figure out what I wanted to make. Then the most recent collections are me telling the world what I am making and what I am planning to continue to make. Gray, black and white will always be the base, and I will softly incorporate beiges and taupes and rusts, and some kind of soft lilacs. Everything else will stay rooted in those colors. I also like that you could, in theory, take any piece from those collections and moving forward be able to put them together because colors will always match up. I think that's important for the people who look at the clothes and also wear them. How do you achieve your impeccable tailoring? What's your trial and error process like while developing silhouettes each collection? My suits are sewn by hand. They are quite meticulously sewn, and I make all of the patterns and samples.  I keep everything really structured, largely just because I'm drawn to those really aesthetic lines. It was more so a very long learning curve to have to teach myself how to sew a suit like that. I was looking at a lot of old designer suits who made stunning haute couture suits. That's where I learned how to make the ones that I make now. So what's next?  I'm launching e-commerce in the next month or so with some of our core styles and shapes. I am really focusing on the dress shirts. That's kind of everyone's favorite item from us. I'm currently in the Elaine Gold Launch Pad program, so lots of things to come through the CFDA and the EGLP. Then I am already starting the textile development process. The process is very long, and we create entirely new textiles every season, almost every textile is exclusive to the brand. I'm in the process of ideation and also agreements between what collection I'm going to be allowed to use next. There's a lot of logistical things with these collections, so I'm working on what collection I'll be using next. Clothing: Graham Tyler ‘The Origin of Failure’ Produced and Directed by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: Jack Belli Styled by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Mia Varrone Model: Inga Dezhina at Supreme Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Veronica Vilim, Luka Sabbat. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Frida Aasen, Laquan Smith, Daniela Braga, Robin Holzken. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Lion Babe. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Beau Jangless. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  LaQuan Smith. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Aamito Lagum. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA Photo by Avi Gill Last Thursday, New York designer LaQuan Smith and cherub denim brand, Jordache, celebrated its capsule collection at Cipriani's private club, Socialista. Elsa Hosk, Luka Sabbat, Danielle Herrington, and Elisa Johnson, to name a few, sported their Jordache x LaQuan Smith looks as they wined, dined, and grooved to an impromptu performance by Lion Babe. The collaboration, displayed in Smith's Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, is inspired by the NYC nightlife, offering a fresh and reinterpreted version of Jordache's playful denim silhouettes. To view the full collection debuted in LaQuan Smith SS20 click here. Photo by Avi Gill Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Kelcie Schofield is the founder and designer of the contemporary clothing label, CIE Denim. Conceived in 2018, Kelcie fills a gap in her industry by reusing and reworking pre-existing denim as well as solidifying a new and less toxic manufacturing process. Whether it’s restructured silhouettes, deadstock materials, or Naveena Mills’ cutting edge Horizon fabric, CIE represents the future of manufactured denim in our increasingly destructive global climate.  In addition to responsible garments, Kelcie melds this effort with creative design applications— each piece one of a kind. With flipped pockets on the ankle hem, an upside-down jean fit, and color-blocked seams, each design reflects a unique twist on traditional denim norms. Post Spring/ Summer 2020 presentation, Flaunt spoke with Schofield to discuss the past, present, and future of CIE Denim. Tell us about the inception of CIE. CIE was started from our two core silhouettes - our upside-down jeans and shorts. I wanted to create an item that made heads turn (literally) but could also be worn day to day. How do you aim to be a new and unique voice in the industry of denim? Every piece we come out with should have something that gives it an extra spark. We’re here to make unique investment pieces that you feel good about buying.  How do you view sustainability as an essential component of the current fashion climate? That’s exactly how I view it - an essential component. Sustainability, for me, is a non-negotiable for any new business to find success in the current climate. Since I launched CIE in 2018, there has been a noticeable change in the industry and how customers view their clothing.  What are your efforts in regards to sustainability? Explain your “slow-fashion” philosophy. I have two sustainable mediums I work with right now. The first and the essence of what built CIE is reworked vintage. Even for our knits, we reworked Hanes T-shirts. Using fully recycled materials creates an exciting challenge for each style that I enjoy working through. For the sustainably manufactured denim that we source through Naveena Mills, we do fully “new” jeans made entirely from the Naveena fabric as well as combining the new fabric with vintage materials.  How do you believe denim will evolve in years to come? I think sustainability will continue to be a driving force in the denim industry. My hope is that companies established and emerging will embrace responsible practices. It’s slowly transitioning, but it’s not quite there yet.  What’s next for CIE? More learning and growing! We plan to push the brand into unexplored territories, whether it’s new materials or new silhouettes.  Clothing: CIE Denim SS20 Photography by: Phoenix Johnson Model: Lyn Hersh Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli. Creative director Wil Beedle hosted an event in honor of AllSaints 25th anniversary.  Accompanied by musical guests such as Flaunt Fave Arsun Sorrenti, the night was a classic celebration at Chateau Marmont’s bungalow 1. Hoards of the coolest kids hung out chain smoking by the pool while a DJ set by Hateboy got the rocking crowd weirding out to some house tracks. The influence soaked crowd included Ariel Beesley, Bec Adams, Ally HilFiger, Amanda Steele, Eddie Mitsou, Gavin Turek, Finneas, Kate Parfet, Kilo Kish, Marta Pozzan, Rainsford, Salem Mitchell, Sara Cummings Zach VIlla, and a host of other Beauts. Photographed by David Vassalli. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The contemporary retail concept, Maiden Name, is the brainchild of Alix Freireich, and David Lê. While the founders met at Vassar College, they reunited to bridge a gap in the interconnected realm of e-commerce. With assistance from Jesse Hudnutt and Susan Lee, the four embark on a journey to reconnect the roots which link fashion and fine art.  Following a seasonal calendar, Maiden Name will organize its collections as an online, and interdisciplinary group show; showcasing exclusive artist collaborations alongside in-house women’s apparel. Like a chest full of curated gold, Maiden Name may hold the key to your future treasures.  In a recent conversation, Flaunt spoke with the founders to discuss the start of this forward-thinking, art formed, and eco-minded community. Tell us about the genesis of your retail concept, Maiden Name. Maiden Name really emerged out of our own sense that we didn't have a place where we loved to shop. It also came out of an acknowledgment that we spend a lot of time shopping and consuming media online, and those activities all seem to take place in the same dead, zombified e-comm context. So when we found ourselves with an opportunity to share work we love, made by people we love, alongside the apparel we make, it felt like there was an opening to use e-comm differently. We call ourselves "Maiden Name" because we want to highlight the people and stories (the "maiden names") that usually get erased when things enter the public sphere. And we wanted to keep this feminist gesture, insisting on a kind of independence, even as we credited those that came before us. Tihngs by Eric Oglander Photo by David Behl What are your thoughts on the link between fine art and fashion? We think about this a lot, in part because we need to protect the fine artists we work with, and an association with fashion can make their work seem trivial. That's just a fact, even though, by and large, we think it's bunk. We think of artist/designers like Sonia Delaunay, or photographers like Grete Stern and Ilse Bing, who all straddled the worlds of art and fashion and did great work (a full century before Sterling Ruby and Cindy Sherman!). That's why we highlight them on our Instagram @maiden.name.store. But we do recognize the need to let art and fashion excel on their own terms. We want to produce fashion that's technically perfect, that's beautiful. Our objects are freer, in some ways, to be about other things––they can be "about" history; they can be weird, or conceptual. What unifies everything is our sense of our customer's needs––they want beautiful, thoughtful, well-made clothes, and they want to collect beautiful, thoughtful, and well-made objects. What influenced the first womenswear collection? The collection draws on Alix's archival research, so it brings together 19th-century reference pieces and touches of the 1970s, modernized and rendered in high-quality materials. The Zoe Shirt, for example, is modeled on an Edwardian grandfather shirt that was still in great condition because it was made in silk. Ours is silk too, and we hope it also lasts a century. We describe the core concept as "70s Renaissance Fair," which sounds odd, but the end products are all meant to be totally wearable and versatile. We want them to be sexy and smart. And it felt like that was missing from what's out there now.   How does sustainability play a part in your collections? Sustainability is core to what we're trying to achieve. We make everything here in NYC, so it's a local supply chain. We use deadstock material, and because our production runs are so small, the wastage is minimal. More broadly, we need to slow consumption down (which is an odd thing for a fashion company to acknowledge). But we want customers to buy less and buy better. Our next step is to scale up in ways that will allow us to ensure sustainability from raw materials to end product. That's a challenge, particularly when you're small. You feature collaborative work with Paul Arnhold’s hand-blown glass and Eric Oglander’s collection of 19th and 20th-century folk art. What prompted the choice of these artists for your first collection?  Paul is a dear friend making very beautiful work here in Brooklyn. That was a no-brainer. We found Eric through his "Craigslist Mirrors" project (@craigslist_mirrors) his Instagram-based collection of images, sourced from Craigslist, of mirrors for sale. We thought that was brilliant. And his Tihngs project is too. Both Eric and Paul have such distinct points of view (and are making work that is almost diametrically opposed, formally). So they seemed like great partners to open the collection with. Indigo Vase by Paul Arnhold Photo by David Behl What are your favorite pieces from your inaugural collection? We love the Tamara Top. It almost verges into historical costume, but doesn't, and ends up being so cool. We also love the Tramp Box, which is sculptural, and modern, and old at the same time, and the Graffiti Vase, which is kind of a twisted take on Paul's other work. And we love the framed set of Leung Kui Ting prints––they look simple, but the more time you spend with them, the more you like them. That's always the real test when you collect.  How do you envision the growth of Maiden Name? I think first and foremost we want Maiden Name to build out the line beyond shirting. We also want to have more of a physical presence. It's hard to communicate something like the perfect fit, or the beauty of hand painting without having people see things in the real world. At the same time, we want to expand our digital presence and knit together a community, folding in our friends in Berlin (at the end of 2019) and then with more cities in 2020. Photography by: Matt Grubb Styling by: Gabriel Held Model: Fiffany Luu Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   While the fashion industry is backed by an insatiable appetite for the new, we find ourselves in a current climate of trying to stay well-fed, while simultaneously reminding ourselves the importance of sustainability. These three young designers have found a way to bring forth something innovative, while also holding themselves accountable. We have Bethany Williams, conceptualizing clothing with a focus on social issues, Christopher John Rogers, designing for those influencing radical change, and Emily Adams Bode, sourcing from the past to create something for the now. Interviewed by Mui-Hai Chu Photo courtesy Bethany Williams What drew to design? My love for fabric construction, and how design can be used to find solutions. I read your mom help knit and create pieces for you. Was she ever in fashion as well? She used to be a pattern cutter for factory in Liverpool,  and now she does soft furnishings and she also does my netting as well. Obviously your family is really important to you. You grew up in Liverpool?  I was born in Liverpool but then I grew up on the Isle of Man. It’s such a small tight-knit community. Loads of things are locally produced and there weren’t many main stores growing up. How do you describe your design process? It always starts with an issue I am trying to solve and then we work with a charity that tries to talk about that issue. What issues are you looking forward to promoting? I think for the next collection I’m working with a charity that makes temporary housing for women and children. Who would you say are your inspiration or muses? I love other designers like Walter Van Beirendonck I’ve been a massive fan girl for a while. Do you have any type of life inspiration outside of fashion? I do like artists like Egon Schiele. I really love his work. My inspiration is probably my family.  What do you think are the bigger challenges you face trying to be sustainable? I think sourcing is a massive one, as is pricing, and having things available. How do you decide to up-cycle a piece? How does the process come about?  It kind of depends on the project we’re doing. We will be doing the collection and there are staples that we always upcycle. I’m trying to introduce more and more. Where do you hope to see yourself in the next five years? I would like to start my own social manufacturing project in the UK. Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy  Christopher John Rogers To start at the beginning, what drew you to design?  Anime, manga, and cartoons—especially people with special powers. The ability for clothing to help people self-actualize and to give them a newfound confidence. You grew up in Louisiana. What effect, if any, did growing up in the south have on your creative evolution?   A real sense of polish and refinement is found in the South – especially in the Black Church. Spending time with my mother and grandmother in church helped me curate an eye for the finish and cut of clothing and has been an inspiration for me ever since. How would you describe your design process?  I'd describe it as visceral. Although I try to be strategic, I'm ultimately extremely influenced by my intuition, emotion, and heavily inspired by color. As a recent graduate, what is the best advice you've received from your mentors at SCAD?  Work hard and stay true to yourself. There are always people that might be more talented or more privileged than you, but hard work and humility know no bounds.  Where do you find inspiration? Everywhere! Debris on the side of the street, mid-century couture, things my friends are wearing, et You've dressed people from Cardi B to Michelle Obama. Having worked with so many influential figures, is there a lasting moment with one that stands out to you the most?  To work with a woman that's equally revered for her intellect and passion, as well as her individualistic sense of style, is definitely a highlight. My family was also extremely proud of me, so that's a plus! Where do you see the fashion industry headed in the next 5 years?  A sense of increased accountability and transparency that's come with the proliferation of social media. I think we're going to see a complete upheaval of the traditional ways of showing and interacting with fashion. Tell us about your fall collection.  Stonehenge, quinceañeras, and Dr. Seuss. What's next?  Everything! We're working on our Spring 2020 collection and are also finalists for the CFDA Vogue Fashion Fund, so we're working our tails off! Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Where are you from, and how has that made an impression on you creatively? I’m from Atlanta. My parents were from Massachusetts, so I spent a lot of time in Cape Cod. I have this juxtaposition of New England and the South. The effect Atlanta had on me was not only the southern hospitality, but a lot about celebrating craft and culture. Tell us about the moment you knew you wanted to become a designer.   In high school, I was taking extracurricular art classes, like how to draw, technical fashion. I also took a croquis drawing class, and it must’ve been junior year that I knew that I wanted to be a designer as a career choice. I went to Parsons for menswear design and I went to Eugene Lang for philosophy. In what ways does the study of philosophy and your interest in fashion design connect? I think it’s primarily the way that I come up with a narrative for the season, and what sorts of questions in culture—my culture, other people’s culture and tradition—should be asked and should be addressed. How to talk about the historical narrative around clothing, and dressing. You’re known for re-contextualizing materials in a lot of your garments, many of which are vintage textiles. How did you get into the textile portion of it? Since I was a little kid, I had been interested in buying antiques and all of the historical narratives alongside that. We would go to all of these antique markets in Atlanta, and flea markets in New England, in and around Massachusetts. Why design menswear? I went to school for it, but I’ve always been interested in designing for someone outside of myself. Tell us about your fall collection. That collection was inspired by a narrative around gallerist Todd Alden, who is an ephemera dealer in downtown New York. I worked with him and talked to him about his life, collecting, what sorts of things inspired him to collect, where he lives, history of that location, his family history, how he came to become a curator, and the moment he opened his own gallery. Where abouts do you find inspiration? Following the life of someone and their relationship to objects, the domestic space, and the traditions that have shaped their lifestyle. Do you ever see yourself getting into womenswear? Not right now. We have a bunch of stores that pick it up as women’s, but it is traditionally a menswear brand. In the future maybe we’ll have a different conversation around that. What’s next?  Right now, we’re working on production, but really building out our own manufacturing space. Most of the collections we make in New York is made in our own studio, so building that out is the next step.  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Images courtesy Bethany Williams. Images courtesy Christopher John Rogers. Images courtesy Emily Adams Bode.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. A brand that makes style, comfort, and practicability a priority while making sure to evoke confidence, Knorts recently launched a new collection called, Scarlet Knorts. Color is the main factor of enhancing the garments’ attributes. Traditionally, Knorts has used the color blue which represents calmness, coolness, stability, and reliability, which are all components of confidence and is the signature color of their denim wear.  Knorts’ new capsule collection, Scarlet Knorts, incorporates the feelings associated with the color red. This collection aims to evoke strength, warmth, comfort, love, and power into the customers’ everyday life. Befitting to their aim, these characteristics can also support the feeling of confidence. There are future plans to create more color capsules to keep both the brand and wearers in an emotional equilibrium. This launch is partially used to spread awareness about California fires with 10% of proceeds from the Scarlet Knorts collection being donated to fire aid services.  Shop the new collection here    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   As I walk in the flagship Messika store, I’m greeted with smiles, macarons and diamonds. Immediately I felt that I had entered a world of femininity and style. The pieces are beautiful and delicate, yet powerful. Messika is an iconic jewelry brand worn by celebrities like  Rhianna, Penelope Cruz, and even Serena Williams during her training session. Valerie Messika, founder of the brand, created the trend of “everyday diamonds.” Much of Valérie’s inspiration comes from art, playing with a Calder sculpture in her father's office, absorbing from his collection various details of line, movement, color, composition, which have shaped her overall sense of form and proportion. I got the opportunity to chat with Valarie and try on some of the most gorgeous pieces of jewelry I’ve ever seen.  Why did you choose LA for your flagship store?  We are a family business so we are very intuitive and organic on how we do our business. We met a partner here in Los Angeles called Westime. They are very strong in the jewelry and watch industry. They work with Richard Mille and Audemars Piguet. They are also strong with red carpets in Hollywood so we decided it would be a good idea to open our first flagship store here. What do you hope the new store will bring to the brand?  I’m so excited because I can smell that the Americans in this area love jewelry. But they want something easy to wear, cool and light. This is the Messika philosophy; bringing a coolness to wearing jewelry that is very fine and delicate.  The workmanship and quality of the diamond is the top, but it’s cool. You can enjoy it and wear it everyday or on a big occasion. You can mix it with a casual or sophisticated style.  What was it like having Kate Moss as a muse? The moment I launched my brand 15 years ago I knew she was my muse and inspiration. She's really iconic for me. She embodies femininity, fashion and style. When I launched my brand and the philosophy I wanted to break the traditional code of jewelry. It was made for big occasions, but I wanted to make it apart of fashion and style. That’s why women like Kate Moss are so strong for me.   How would you explain the woman in the street wearing Messika?  The strength of Messika is that the women wearing it range from 18 to 70 years old. I love when I see different types of women wearing it with different styles. It’s not that we are putting a logo on the woman. We can see the personality and the style they embody with the pieces. It’s not about how rich or strong you are. It’s about the feeling and attitude that you have with your own style. It gives you self-confidence.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On Wednesday we celebrated Benetton’s new pop up shop in Santa Monica with prosecco and polaroids. Benetton Group is one of the best-known fashion companies in the world with a network of about 5,000 stores and a headquarters in Ponzano Veneto. The brand is known for its bright colors, the revolution of the retail outlet, and their unique sales network.  The new collections embody both the old and the new, featuring an exciting fusion of its classic colorful style with its newer streetwear-inspired elements. The artistic direction of Jean-Charles de Castelbajac, who is known for his iconic teddy bear coat worn by Madonna and portraits of Andy Warhol, shines through the recent collections. He recently united with the Benetton Group earlier this year, which was announced at Milan Fashion Week. He announced backstage that “The DNA of Benetton and mine have many similarities…this meeting between us is happening at the right moment, too, because this idea that desirable things can be of good quality and be affordable to many people is very interesting now…Benetton has been sleeping a little bit. But it has all this sleeping potential. And its base is very strong.”  Bring some color into your life and visit the pop up open from October 25 through November 24th!  Santa Monica Place Floor 1  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Courtesy Hublot With Halloween around the corner, Hublot stirred the cauldron to create a sapphire and emerald green Big Bang MP-11 watch. To give it its unique shade of green (not quite emerald and not quite sapphire), they used a material that has never been used in a watchcase. The material is called SAXEM, which is short for sapphire aluminum oxide and rare earth material. It is a mixture of aluminum oxide (the basic component of sapphire) with rare-earth elements like thulium and holmium.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   KAIMIN is the raising utopian brand initiating the posterity of attire. With a foundation of innovation and inclusivity, the namesake designer may well be sent from the future— sent back a couple of hundred years to propel the industry forward. Harnessing the power of the digital space, and the resourcefulness of sustainability, KAIMIN crafts intergalactic garments with a cunning dose of raunchiness. In a recent interview, Flaunt spoke with the avant-garde designer to discuss the evolution of the label, cyberspace, and the forecast of tech-induced fashion.  Tell us about the creation of the brand with your business partner Dmitri Pchelintsev. My initial foray into clothing design came in 2014 with the Zero Zero Vol. 02 project – a multi-sensory, high-tech video popup exhibition with an installation by Snarkitecture, which I was the protagonist of and also directed alongside stylist Nicola Formichetti and photographer Miles Aldridge. We had the honor of presenting the Vol. 02 book at my beloved Paris store, Colette. As part of that project, I created a stand-alone clothing capsule for the female character, and a very prominent singer ended up wearing some of my pieces in her music video. I felt compelled to create a full collection, and my very good friend Dmitri, who helped produce that very pivotal Zero Zero project, really believed in me as a designer, so we formed the KAIMIN label together in 2016. Dmitri is a creative marketer and business operator who happens to have a very strong background in finance, having spent many years at some of Wall Street's premier institutions investing in renewables, green-tech, and sustainability. Having helped grow several tech-enabled startups, he now oversees all of KAIMIN's business strategy and operations, while leading our expansion as a digitally-native brand, including the recent launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line.  How have innovation and inclusivity played essential roles in the brand? Innovation and inclusivity go hand-in-hand for me, as tolerance for new and crossover ideas breeds progress. KAIMIN leans heavily on technology in everything we do, and aesthetically we work with all types of creatives, communities, and personalities because anyone can uncover something new and beautiful, irrespective of age, race, and gender.  Besides using innovative materials, production techniques, and data analytics, the brand benefits from social media's global reach and the unprecedented direct access to talent that it affords. The Internet is a boundless creative nursery of young innovators that come from all different realms, including art, fashion, music – we love and fully utilize this cross-functionality. I grew up an outlier in a homogeneous society, so I feel my clothes have to speak to things beyond style and promote ideals that are important to me, including social and economic inclusivity, as I feel everyone deserves a voice. In addition to connecting through unrestrained creativity, I try to make items that are more accessible, including from an economic standpoint, and which still adhere to my design and high-quality philosophy – we launched SLFF KAIMIN exactly for this. What facets of New York's underground scene make appearances in your garments? The New York underground scene has this alluring aura of the forbidden, with sexier and darker undertones and the sense of a risque adventure that is addicting. During our SS20 show, for instance, we contrasted the primarily bright and colorful collection with a very dark and sexy setting, aiming for the set design to evoke a feeling of an underground party with red backlighting and a minimal, heavy electronic soundtrack. NYC subculture is edgy, extremely diverse, and creative and demonstrates some of the greatest social acceptance anywhere in the world, which really allows me to meld it with high fashion in a fun way. I love working with established as well as cool new, up-and-coming artists and personalities that grew up in this environment— I draw a lot of inspiration here for my design, music, lifestyle, and the overall direction for KAIMIN. The digital world is a key influence to the brand, hence your Fall/ Winter 2019 collection, "2081: CYBER-ORDINARY". What were your main inspirations and references for that season? Our Fall/ Winter 2019 collection explored archetypes of future beauty and was heavily influenced by such films as Blade Runner and Ex-Machina, specifically their protagonists – androids and cyborgs. I'm a total believer in the eventual symbiosis of man and machine.  In large part, that collection was about defeating the mundane and exploring and strengthening that which sets one apart, no matter the era. If today's fever pitch around privacy, sexual correctness, censorship, etc. ever leads to a dystopian control of self-expression, I'd want my clothes to declare: "when the extraordinary is outlawed, only the outlaws will be extraordinary." What's your view on cyberspace and it's distraction from the real world? I think we're in uncharted waters, and we won't be able to properly assess how good or bad this "distraction" from the real world is for a while, if ever. The cyber is already the real. There are definitely multiple ways to look at this, and it's certainly also a generational thing— just look at the debate around "screen time" for kids among young parents and scientists and the interesting arguments presented by media proponents, including Gary Vaynerchuk. All I know is that this is the manifestation of human progress, and there's no way back regardless, but to me, the benefits outweigh the potential hazards. We are now superbly equipped for improved communication and increased input – although, where the quality of consumed content, general overexposure, and the "3-second" wars are going is a different question.  For KAIMIN, Elon Musk's Neuralink can't arrive fast enough! What were your conceptions involving the recent Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, "INTROSPECTIVE PRISM"? This season, our main collection shared the runway with the launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line, which celebrates self-confidence and self-expression. The overall creative direction was influenced by the sub-conscience theories of Sigmund Freud and films like Annihilation, aiming to expose inner fears to release suppressed identity and desires— literal empowerment through self-discovery.  The collection explores two distinct notions for evolution of human form – through technology and through biological mutation. From the outside, the driver is mechanical – artificial furthering of self via machine. From the inside, the driver is bio-spiritual-- the natural furthering of self via selective mutation of flesh and mind— a physical metamorphosis through the unrestrained self. This season's motto is: "Introspective Prism – Refract all versions of self, Mutate desire and identity, Evolve in spirit and form." With our current climate reality, how do you plan to focus the brand on a more sustainable level? Being on the cutting edge is important to us to both achieve a futuristic design and to help push progress, validating applications of new technologies. We always keep an eye on the new tech that has shown promise in helping to lower the environmental impact of manufacturing, and we try to do our part by using many recycled, sustainable, and organic materials, including Better Cotton Initiative fabrics in our SLFF KAIMIN denim line. As we grow, we will continue to place greater emphasis on better production practices, safer materials, and less waste. Explain some of the laser cutting, production techniques, and 3-D print experiments that are implemented throughout your garment construction process. KAIMIN utilizes quite a bit of technology for manufacturing, content production, and branding, including 3D printing, laser cutting, digital art, AR/VR, motion tracking, etc. and we always seek to emphasize our future-forward thinking in our designs. For garment construction, we use some techniques because they create unexpected and groundbreaking visual results, while other methods actually make sense from a time and capital-intensity perspective.  We're pushing the brand's tech boundaries with the "Stratasys x KAIMIN" 3D-Print Denim Capsule Collection— the first time ever an industrial-quality 3D geometry is printed directly onto denim. We designed the intricate CGI geometry, multi-depth opacity, and colormap in collaboration with Fitchwork to make the final print. Stratasys are pioneers in the additive manufacturing space and have some of the most advanced 3D printing technology in the industry, accompanied by an inherent desire to experiment and come up with something new and cool. They wish to make everyday life better by bringing 3D printing technology to a greater part of the world faster and disrupting the fashion realm is quite big on the radar of Stratasys global creative director, Naomi Kaempfer— so what better way to help assimilate and democratize the tech for clothing than with one of the most common garments, jeans! How do you envision the future of fashion norms? I'd like to think that the future will bring abundance and innovation not just in the material sense but also in our culture and thinking, where humans will finally reach total equilibrium with nature, and each other— no prejudices— and KAIMIN clothing is but one way to represent this future. Like everything else in our society, fashion will continue to be transformed by technology, faster and more accessible information transfer, and diverse global audiences. This, of course, means a lot will change in fashion's tangible areas, like materials with never-before-imagined physical properties, more efficient production techniques, the continued proliferation of smart garments, and increased expectations of what clothing should do for the body and mind. But, to me, the most interesting changes are already occurring on the more intangible, creative side. People's unprecedented ability to communicate who they are has opened up new frontiers. In only a few years, social media exposed how varied yet similar and interconnected different cultures' tastes are, and how people of all walks of life can become influential by traversing these different planes. Being skilled in multiple areas has become the norm for many young creatives today, and this 'polymathism' affects fashion a lot. There are so many cross-functional innovators out there, and fashion definitely benefits from this, becoming more interesting and multifaceted.  What's next for KAIMIN? KAIMIN's mission is to keep innovating ourselves and keep collaborating with people that push the boundaries across the various artistic disciplines and product segments. We want to be more cross-functional and would love to do more than just fashion, even if it's in a more non-permanent format like seasonal collaborations. I wish to meet and inspire more people and to learn from them so we can all come up with a never-before-seen symbiosis of unlikely fields that not only is cool but also could change lives for the better and bring signature KAIMIN flavor to people in more than one way. With that said, I hope to continue building our artistic community and form a creative confluence platform – a culture nebula for local and global artists – to support innovation. To that end, we have already established an endowment fund some time ago, via our Zero Zero Project initiative, which periodically disperses funds to help finance targeted projects. And in that same vein, KAIMIN presented the SS20 show in collaboration with Studio 525, an iconic exhibition & event space housed in the former Andrea Rosen Art Gallery in Chelsea, as the inaugural project for Studio 525 Art Accelerator, which has a very similar vision to ours and aims to provide a physical place for work and showcases to artists and the creative community in general. Produced by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: : Franco Velastiqui Art Direction by: Delfina Pia Rey Styling by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Kevin Cheah Model: Cassie Priestley at Next Models. Styling assistance by: Sabrina Aguirre and Mila Sanguinetti  Credits: FW19 KAIMIN clothing, and GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI heels. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. MAX MARA dress, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. VERSACE dress, earrings, and rings and AGENT PROVOCATEUR underwear. ETRO dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, B-LOW THE BELT belt, and NANCY NEWBERG earrings. HALPERN dress, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring, and ERINESS ring. MAX MARA sweater and dress, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. PREEN BY THORNTON BREGAZZI dress, B-LOW THE BELT belt and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings. ALESSANDRA RICH dress and necklace and MIU MIU earrings all available at MatchesFashion.com, and NANCY NEWBERG rings. AGENT PROVOCATEUR slip dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace and ring, ALINA ABEGG earrings, and STATE PROPERTY pearl ring. ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER dress and scarf, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings and ring. PALOMO SPAIN jacket available at Please Do Not Enter, LA, ALINA ABEGG ring, and MISHO earring. Photographer: Vince M. Aung.  Model: Inga Dezhina. Stylist: Mui-Hai Chu.  Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co. & Oribe Hair Care at Nest Artists.  Makeup: Natasha Severino using NARS Cosmetics at Forward Artists.  Production, Photo, and Styling Assistant: Corrine Ciani Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Being Sustainably responsible in 2019 now means making some changes with how designers are choosing their resources. The female founders behind 42|54 and long time friends Elodie Ouedraogo and Olivia Borlee are both Belgian Gold metal athletes, and now business partners who strongly believe in that type of fashionably responsible involvement. It took them two a clean 42.54 seconds to win a Silver Medal at the Olympic Games in Beijing 2008. That Silver medal turned into Gold, when the winning team was disqualified due to a failed drug test. It was abundantly clear that dirty athletes have no place in sports. That’s when the Gold medalists decided they wanted to make a change. “Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes!” The contemporary active label launched its first 100% sustainable FW19 capsule collection  made of plastic bottles and recycled ocean waste. They believe that great design should also be sustainable. The brand teamed up with renowned textile companies who propose fabrics made from a fiber called SEAQUAL and NEWLIFE recycled from ocean plastics to create the new high-end "made from waste" active wear line that asserts the modern streetwear appeal.  The founders make a conscious effort to be an honest and transparent brand, by largely working with local manufacturers and suppliers.  Elodie and Olivia’s next steps will also be 100% sustainable using organic yarns working with GOTS (Global Organic Textile Standards) certified factories, hang tags produced with recycled paper along with recycled fabrics developed with fibers using the oceans waste and plastic bottles. They both are devoted to giving a second life to stock and leftover fabrics from previous productions along with biodegradable packaging. The The fashion-forward duo provide advanced functionality while calling themselves a "100% sustainable company in the way we work, produce, and live." Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. What was your biggest fear about starting your own line? We believe there are a lot of similarities between the world of sports and fashion. It is about being fearless,  following the process put in place while listening to your gut feeling at the same time to achieve the absolute best. It is about taking a leap of faith in yourself, your partner and your idea. For us creating an activewear collection that was high-end, transcendent  and made in honest and transparent conditions Felt like a void that needed to be filled within our community. There was a clear vision, which was bring some fun and fashion back into the world of sports without ignoring the functional and technical side of the garments. When we decided to launch 42|54, a reference to our winning time during the 2008 Olympics, we didn't really think about it as we both love a great challenge. We just jumped, head first.  There was a lack of experience. (We had both been guest designers for other brands, but came quickly to the realization that this doesn't even come close to owning and managing a brand.)  With that lack of real experience sometimes came also the fear of not being taken seriously. In the beginning we went probably over prepared into ever meeting we had. Not only out of respect for the person sitting in front of us, but also because we wanted to show that we were serious about entrepreneurship.  That we understood that there are no shortcuts to success Initially we also didn't communicate a lot about our backstory either. We didn't want to be perceived as two women who were the faces of the brand, while having an entire team waiting in the back to do the real and hard work. From the beginning we sourced every fabric, button, zipper, label or elastic band you'll find in our collection. Through (sometimes) expensive mistakes and failure we learned a lot. And today we are an authentic brand and a viable business because of it. Aside from the activewear, what other sustainable efforts are being practiced within your company? 42|54 has always been mindful of how and where we produce. After having represented our country in the best way possible in sports it only seemed logical to carry out the strong identity and values that Belgium has created with 'The Antwerp Six' in the world of fashion. We worked a lot with local suppliers. This put our brand already at a 50% of sustainability, solely based on the business decisions we made from the very beginning. Last year we were able to evolve in our sustainable journey by replacing already locally created fabrics by sustainable ones. We also adapted our online service by working with Repack. Repack is a company that offers reusable bags. For every bag clients return to us after their purchase, they receive a small discount. We on the other hand can recover the packaging for a new customer. Additionally we switched to biodegradable labels, we don't use plastic bottles in the office and work with a cleaning company that only uses natural and biological cleaning products. All the employees who live in Brussels, where we are based, walk or take their bike to work.  What was the moment or person that inspired you to produce your own line? We have always looked up to and been inspired by strong female athletes and more so in the 80's and 90's. These were absolute fun times where athletes didn't only stand out with their extraordinary performances, but also by the way the dressed on the field. Women like Florence Griffith and Jackie Joyner-Kersee wore leotards, belted bodysuits, one-legged  and lace leggings. They highlighted their personalities with exciting, daring activewear.  But of course we don't have to look too far. We are surrounded by strong women. Our mothers, sisters, friends and colleagues. 42I54 is built by women, who work very hard every day to create the best possible collection for women. Our sustainable mission on the other hand comes from a very personal experience.  We initially won a silver medal during the Olympic Games in 2008. Eight years later that silver eventually turned into gold when that winning team was disqualified due to substance abuse discovered during a large series of retesting.  This had a major impact on the on athletes worldwide. And while many of us became strong advocates for clean, drug free sports we are less outspoken when it comes to clothes we wear while performing. We felt this too has to change.  Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes.  Sportswear made in honest conditions and without the environmental strain it has today. We can no longer only applaud recognition and financial gain while wearing our low cost shirts. Because someone, somewhere is suffering because of it. Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Just for fun, what are your zodiac signs? Aries and Pisces What are you wanting to accomplish in 2020 with 42|54? It has always been our goal to become the brand that serves as today’s personal survival-kit and Wonder Woman cape all wrapped into one fashion-forward label for all women. 42|54 is for the young women we help through our 'Athlete Ambassador Program'. By supporting them with well made performance gear, we support their dreams of one day becoming professional athletes. Often big brands want to see results first and will later support in anyway possible. We believe talent need’s to be nurtured when  personal budgets are insignificant or non-existent. Today we are proud to announce that 3 women from our ambassadors program will participate in next year’s Olympic and Paralympic Games. We are most definitely also the go-to brand for women who like to have something that is different. Today many women try and balance a career, family and personal time. Finding an outfit that accommodates that lifestyle can be quite the search. The idea to have a legging that has the advanced functionality you'd expect from activewear, yet the high-end look and feel that makes it chic enough to wear outside the gym is very appealing to a lot of women. A winning combination we can offer to our women as we can pull from our own experience and expertise. On top of the need to be unique or different, women want to be informed on what they are putting both in and on their bodies today. Furthermore we would like to continue to develop our sustainable journey and dress as many great women in the US as we possibly can.  We had the opportunity to visit LA recently and it is inspiring to see how a city has succeeded into merging sports into the everyday life. It embodies the definition of an 'active lifestyle'. What were your childhood ambitions? Elodie: I always wanted to be a hairdresser or own my own cafe. That was until I realized that being a bar owner entails more than just serving great coffee. Olivia: I wanted to be a florist. I think I have always been inspired by beauty and making beautiful things. In what place are you the happiest? Most productive? The school of Sports is a great one to graduate from. Being professional athletes has taught us many life lessons. It teaches you to be independent,  winning, losing and how to persevere. Through our careers as professional athletes we have had the privilege of seeing a part of the world and experiencing different cultures and people. We are very appreciative that to this day we get to travel for work from time to time and see our designs come to life in our factory. Funnily enough, the traveling in the past also taught us the importance of home. And how it remains the happiest place for us. It is also where we get most creative. Before we were able to rent our own office space we used to work out of the kitchen. Today we still come up with the best ideas when we are surrounded by the feeling of familiarity. So thank God for WhatsApp these days. How do you live a sustainable life outside of the company? It is important to stress that we are by no means green warriors or examples of how to live a sustainable life. But we 100% get the message and understand the urge to react today. We all have different battles to fight in life but we are convinced that with little effort we can already make  a big difference. A few changes that we have made:  -no to fast fashion; buying less clothes and smarter -no more plastic bottles and additionally be more mindful of the use of plastic in general -buying fresh and seasonal fruit and vegetables instead of pre-packed food,  -reusing the same bag instead of buying a new one for groceries,  -sort trash -the use of natural cosmetics -leave our cars in the garage if not needed  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Published for the first time and celebrating 50 years since the works were created, ‘DESIRE’ by Lloyd Ziff documents New York City in the late 1960s. Ziff’s work captures a New York teeming with fantasy and rebellion. The book tells a story of cultural resistance through Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe.  ‘DESIRE’ was the first photo shoot that Patti and Robert had together. The two of them were photographed in their Hall Street Space in Brooklyn in 1968 and in Ziff’s small apartment in the heart of Greenwich Village in 1969. The book features 65 previously unpublished works including street photographs, original contact sheets, and notes that form the history around 1960s New York and the lives of these two iconic figures. The intimacy between the two paints a picture of the city at this time, pushing their icon status aside to view the city with a more personal lens. 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff “I myself never felt comfortable doing anything with the pictures. Then in 2009 Patti phoned and asked me for permission to publish two of the Hall Street portraits in JUST KIDS, the first portraits of them together she noted. 41 years had passed. . . Robert and Patti had become legendary. Robert and I had remained friends until he died in 1989, and I had enjoyed commissioning and publishing photographs of his when I was the Design Director of House & Garden, Vanity Fair, and Condé Nast Traveler in the ’80s. Now it’s been 50+ years since I happened to see Robert and Patti crossing the street near their place in Brooklyn. The photographs we shot then are, as are all photographs, documents of a particular moment in time. They have also become documents of a time when two of America’s most important artists were very young, very beautiful, and very ambitious. It amazes me to share those moments from so long ago today.” – Lloyd Ziff, 2019 100 “Strictly Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff, with a “Limited Edition” signed and numbered C-Type print. 500 “Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff. Available now Photos courtesy of Lloyd Ziff and Avenue Communications  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker. HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  FALGUNI SHANE PEACOCK bodysuit, HARDEMAN chaps, BUSTED BRAND gloves, PLANET I sunglasses, and MELODY EHSANI earrings and DALMATA choker. It’s been just over a year since Doja Cat’s “Mooo!” swept the screens of millions across the globe. And unless you’ve been living under a rock, the American singer, rapper and producer begs no further introduction. With that said, in case you have in fact been dwelling beneath stone, then you should know that the future of music is Doja’s for the taking. With her 2018 claim-to-fame music video sitting atop 50M views on YouTube, and her most recent visual release for “Juicy,” featuring Tyga, breaking 20M in two weeks, the musician’s growth is unshakeable, having cemented her place through sweet sonics and visuals that pack a punch. As she so bluntly claims over the phone from her apartment in Los Angeles, “It’s only the beginning. I feel like I really know who I am and what I’m doing with my next project.” The bovine-style music video released last August would eventually flourish into a viral meme. “I didn’t mean for ‘Mooo!’ to get as big as it did,” she admits. “I had more serious music to put out, I’d been working on so much other stuff, but once I put the cow costume on, I had to do it. It was the only way I could get it out of my head,” she explains. Within days of the abrupt upload to YouTube, the video had racked millions of views. The dairy dreamscape was by no means Doja’s introduction to the music industry. In fact, she had been signed to RCA Records since 2014, after the successful release of her debut single, “So High.” From there, she followed up with several tracks, including “Go To Town,” off of her debut studio album in 2018. “Before ‘Mooo!,’ we hadn’t really gotten any viral hits, or had any hits, period. We were doing okay, but things weren’t at their fullest potential. That was the most significant part about ‘Mooo!’ going where it did—it allowed all my other work to have a foundation and have a pull.” Taking a moment to consider the past whirlwind year, she reasons, “Since ‘Mooo!’ blew up, it’s been kind of non-stop. I don’t know if it’s really allowed me to reflect, but I feel like I’ve refined my style and refined who I am. I kind of have to have the spotlight on me.” MATT SARAFA coat and GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses. MATT SARAFA coat, ABODI bodysuit and boots, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and NOÄ earrings. The spotlight she speaks of shines focused and fixed, with no intention of moving elsewhere, but as a consistent subject of such recognition, Doja Cat has experienced two sides to the coin that is internet fame. Since its inception, the Internet has proven an untamable beast, and the environment it has bred has developed twice as feral. Through public domains like Tumblr to TikTok, and YouTube to Twitter, a vast stretch of subcultures and trends have been cultivated. On opposite poles of this digital sphere, there stands viral fame and cancel culture. It’s no secret that the musician has faced multiple controversies regarding comments she’s made online, and it’s even less of a secret that the public is quick to mobilize on social media. After old tweets resurfaced of the artist using derogatory terms towards other rappers, a rallied audience of critics made it its mission to take her down. Admittedly hurt by some of the criticisms, she reasons, “I’m not invincible, I do get hurt by some comments. I’m not superhuman.” Immediately requiting, she follows up with, “But being raised on the Internet gives me the ability to know how to deal with negativity most of the time.” Then, at once in a final stride, she claims of her presence online, “It’s just a small portion of my life.” And just like that, if we’ve learned anything in 2019, it’s that you can’t cancel Doja Cat. HARDEMAN top, thong, and hat, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and DALMATA necklace. Fresh off the release of a new music video with LunchMoney Lewis for “Make That Cake,” while still riding the success of “Juicy,” she’s traveling cross country for performances and appearances on a weekly basis. In the age of virality, such sustainability is impressive. That said, she’s in no way the first artist to have a viral hit catapult their work to an unfamiliar stratosphere of celebrity, and certainly not the last. We’ve seen fellow musical phenoms like Mason Ramsey and Megan Thee Stallion reap the benefits of a trending tweet and hashtag or two. Could it just be that we’re experiencing the dawning of a new age in music? An educated guess would reason, yes. With democratized media-sharing platforms like Spotify and SoundCloud, there’s been an inevitable boom in bedroom pop-stardom. Not only that, but with the increasing irrelevance of labels across younger generations, classification proves less important in not only topics of gender, but music, too. Lines blur across styles nowadays, with artists coloring the outsides more than ever. In attempts to maintain order through categorical standards, we see the term “Alternative” tacked onto the classic genres we’ve come to know. I LOVE PRETTY skirt. I LOVE PRETTY skirt and BUFFALO LONDON shoes. Prompted to describe her forthcoming record, Hot Pink, in three words, she replies with little to no hesitation: “Too. Many. Genres.” Declining a subscription to any one breed of song, the response points to her exploration of sound, a progression of her euphony, and the future of music. “My last record is a lot different from this one because I didn’t understand what it was to be in the studio and in an environment where there’s a bunch of musical equipment,” Doja shares, candidly. “I was young, I was a teenager and I really didn’t know who I was. My character wasn’t really shining the way it does now. I can tell you Hot Pink is one of the best things I’ve done, the best project I will have ever released.” Then, implored to divulge more about the release in detail, she retracts to the previously implemented three-word limit: “Super, duper, mystery.” So while Doja—who won the world over with an onomatopoeia in 2018—makes a favorable case for the future of music today, her own music remains as ambiguous as it does full of promise. Photographed by: Julian Buchan.  Styled by: Katie Qian.  Hair: Frankie Payne using Oribe at Opus Beauty.  Makeup: Jadyn Ngo using Surratt Beauty and Artisbrush.com at The Visionaries. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj Photos by Steven Klein Think metallic, high-end glamour with a neon pink accent. Think barbie doll in outer-space. This iconic FENDI and Nicki Minaj collaboration is the perfect combination of bold yet sophisticated.  Teaming up with Silvia Venturini Fendi, the duo created the next chapter of the FF Series with a line for women’s, men’s and kids: FENDI Prints On. Nicki is known for her body-hugging clothing and most of the line is just that, but she beautifully contrasts it with leisurewear and classy pieces. With the FF logo covering the majority of the print, this line is nothing but eye-catching.  They took staple pieces that everyone needs in their wardrobe and added their own flare to it such as:  tulle dresses, reversible puffer coats, asymmetric body-con dresses, raincoats with leather sleeves, silver tracksuits, bomber jackets with knitted sleeves and metallic windbreakers.  This collection would not be complete without some daring accessories, and that is exactly what they have provided us. They have everything from sequined bags and fanny packs to customized snow boots and wedge trainers. These accessories will take any outfit to the next level.  They went above and beyond and created a collection that embodied Nicki’s personality along with high-end fashion and street style.  The FENDI Prints On capsule collection will be sold in 52 FENDI boutiques worldwide and on fendi.com from October 14th.  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj   Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj                    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   69 shirt, JEAN PAUL KNOTT pants available at Please Do Not Enter, and NIKE shoes.   Brooklyn born and LA based producer and artist, Kingdom, is bringing back is clubby and unique dance music to the industry. With two new EPs, the first one called “EXTERRA, Vol. 1,” on the way and an album coming in 2020, he is back in the realm of dance music, but keeping true to his innovative style.  All the way from the east coast, Kingdom was booked to perform in LA in the early 2000s, which gave him a foot in the door to the west coast’s music scene. From here, he has continued to expand his musical capacity and does not abide by genres or any type of limitation; with experimental taste and a desire to create, he strives to generate music that he loves and that the audience can appreciate/value.  He was kind enough to join me for a phone interview in which I asked many questions, hoping to find out more about him as a person and his career.  I know that Nacho Nava kind of helped bring you to LA, how did he influence you? I was DJing a lot in New York, but he was the first person to put me on a flight and bring me to the west coast to DJ. I think that the influence he really has is that he was putting people on like me who didn’t have any other shows or have a lot of hype or a lot of press or anything like that. He really just believed in the new talent and was always just so generous with that regardless of how well the show did or anything like that. It was really just like he was excited to put people on and it never seemed like it was something he was doing for his own to serve his own interest. It really was something he was doing for the community in LA. Specifically, influential in creating a really special scene on the eastside of LA. I think most people will associate like the gay scene with the west side, West Hollywood scene, which is so specific and there really wasn’t much going on on the eastside maybe a couple bars, but he was the first to create a really vibrant night life scene that involved art and dance and all different kinds of Djs of all different races, but also it wasn’t just a community vibe, it was also like he was bringing really really good music and reall really amazing performers, so it also drew in just from straight people music fans who knew that Mustache would have more edgy stuff, so it wasn’t just creating an alternative it was also just about quality. He had such a good eye for innovative stuff.  FENG CHEN WANG jacket available at Please Do Not Enter and ALLIGATOR JESUS bracelet. What was it like working with Nacho Nava cause I know you guys were working on a Netflix show together. Working with him was always a pleasure. He was always just so sweet so generous and he was just a great figure and really supportive of my label and my parties too. He would always, without me even asking, support a face of mine or event that I was doing that had nothing to do with Mustache. He was always so sweet. More recently, that’s actually kind of why the music video is dedicated to Nacho because basically I met the video director through Nacho. Nacho put us together in a conference call and basically we started talking and they had planned to bring some type of documentary for Netflix about kind of the more alternative more POC side of LA nightlife, specifically gay nightlife and queer nightlife. It was really just in the early stages of talk. We really didn’t get it off the ground, but Shahana, the director, was gonna obviously be on the director’s side and working on the shots and the camera stuff and all that. They wanted me to come in and add music to it, but essentially throw in some different raves and help bring in music so that we could create some events to film because there’s not, sadly there’s not a lot of footage of a lot of the old Mustache parties. They’re relatively undocumented, so that was the idea, but I think when he passed Shahana felt like it didnt’t make sense to pursue it still. It really was Nacho’s project. It was really just a conversation, but even just that concept was inspirational and meeting the director is kind of what spawned us to create the music video together in honor of him.  It seems like Nacho has been really influential to kind of your start here in LA and the music scene, but has he influenced your work at all kind of like maybe the beats you decide to use or the music has he influenced any of it? Since he’s not a musician or DJ himself I wouldn’t say it’s a direct influence on the actual sound. I’d say he’s more of an influence when it comes to throwing parties and bringing people together in the community and just showing people kindness and more of the things I spoke about a moment ago. Just about the social element of music more than the sound exactly, but I know the sound he likes and I think he had an appreciation for the sounds I work with.  MEALS shirt and pants. How does it feel to be in the genre again? It feels really good. I feel like with my last album Tears in the Club I was in a very kind of like atmospheric moody RnB space and ever since that album came out I’ve been doing more vocal production, working with singers, and I worked really hard launching the new singer that signed to Fade to Mind called Semma, so I’ve been really in that zone of creating something for vocalists and when I’m doing that I sometimes put aside exactly the Kingdom sound and I’m trying to create a universe for the singer that gives them a unique identity. It’s just a totally different assignment. It’s a different thing and it’s a different lifestyle too. It’s a lot of hours spent helping singers songwrite and it definitely tested my patience a lot of the time because I’ve spent quite a bit of time with several vocalists making demos for their projects and singers make hundreds of demos to test their project. A lot of time your beat doesn’t get picked or they go in a different direction or sometimes the vocalist is just caught up in other stuff and they don’t even release something. I might have been so in that world, so it was really refreshing to just kind of stop accepting bookings to do vocal sessions and I think it was kind of a reaction to doing all those vocal sessions that made me really want to just get back into my more ravey, clubby, housey references and it’s kind of also where I started. My first release ever, “Mind Reader,” was very kind of hard, weird, dance stuff, so I’m kind of going back and starting from scratch and starting from the beginning again and it just feels really good. I’m just excited to put stuff that’s more high energy and I’m DJing a lot right now, so it’s exciting to just play things that I can blend and just be kind of weird again cause I think working with vocalists it’s a lot more compromises, a lot more catering to them.  Do you have any inspirations for creating music, like are there any other artists that you look towards to or does everything just come from within? There’s definitely artists I look up to. Sometimes I freeze with the question because there’s so many that I have. I would have to say Rod Lee, Terror Danjah, and Darkchild. YOSHIO KUBO jacket and stylist’s own glasses. Would you ever mix different genres together like if you did RnB and dance music? Or is that something that you’ve already ventured into before?   Even though I do make some fully RnB sounding stuff, I kind of think that’s really what I’m known for even though the new stuff is pretty clubby, but I think you can still hear these little shreds of like the vocal stuff, the vocal samples. I think that RnB element is always there. That’s pretty much my mission, either I’m weaving back and forth or I’m weaving them together just kind of RnB sound with the club sound. For the next volume, I’m making another volume of the EXTERRA series and that one’s either gonna have more of the vocal stuff in it and I’m also working on my next album. I’ve got a lot of homework right now. I’m bringing in more vocal stuff as it progresses from my EP to my next album.  In regards to the vocal production, is there anything you look for in an artist when you want them to be on one of your songs? I love weird vocal textures. I just love when someone has a baby voice or has a strange croaky texture or has certain types of node that they like to hit. Just something that sets it apart because there’s so many people that sound so similar. And someone who’s not afraid of intense rhythm cause I think a lot of singers come from the studio wanting a really simple beat or something that sounds like their favorite, you know, Ella Mai song or like H.E.R. song or maybe a Corella song they heard or something, so I think someone who is down to get experimental and doesn’t mind sampling their voice. I’m especially also just addicted to high voices. I love falsetto. I’m known for working with women, which is my favorite working with female vocals. If I’m working with a guy he definitely has to be able to channel his feminine side. I don’t really like to work with men who wanna sing about the macho shit on the mic like I’m way more into men who are singing. you know explore both sides  MEALS jacket and pants. Do you have a certain process of producing or like how do you kind of create your songs? I’ve always been a drummer, so I feel like when I’m on my own making beats I always start with drums and just playing with different drum sounds and I finally, after years of not doing it, started to create my own drum kits and drum packs, so I have my own custom samples that I’m playing around with. When it comes to singers usually they’ll just freestyle over an existing beat. With Sema, the artist I recently signed to my label, she was one of the first people that I really just improvised with and sometimes she would just come in and she would start singing something first, so that’s a totally different process like kind of working in reverse and working from what her voice is doing.  Do you have any stories of the first time you met MikeQ or Ms. Boogie? This new EP I just put out, EXTERRA, Vol. 1, is kind of a throwback to the beginning of my career in many ways. One of them being that I’m returning to dance music and making just like much clubbier, harder material than I’ve made in a long time, but it also actually has two collaborations with artists that I’ve known for I think over a decade. Me and MikeQ and Shane Oliver from Hood by Air were the three Djs who got booked to DJ this artist named Reshaw Newsom. He had a party for one of his art openings. I had actually been a fan of Mike from MySpace and his website for years already and when I finally met him I just completely fanned out and got to play a track. My set was pretty much like MikeQ and Ivana Lore who’s like another ballroom legend. I basically played all super hard underground ballroom voguing music. I don’t think that Mike was expecting that from me necessarily and actually Mike went out on the dance floor and started voguing and he’s not a voguer, he’s a DJ. He rarely ever actually hits the dance floor and vogue. That was back when we Dj’d on CD so that night me and him like traded CDs and he gave me his CDs from his like case logic and I gave him CDs from mine. Ever since then we’ve been in touch and he’s producing music on my label as well, but he’s kind of hard to nail down and get a studio session with, so I’m just really excited to me and him having a track together 10 years later finally. My very first party that I threw on my own in NY was called “Club Vortex” and it was like in the back room of this art space, so it’s not really a venue at all and they didn’t have any security or anything and I think after the first one the word kind of got around cause you know under age kids are always looking for those very few places that they aren’t going to card, so I think word got around that there was this party happening that wasn’t carding and that was super open and fun and a few friends of mine actually showed up with Ms. Boogie at that very first party and me and her hit it off. She kind of got in a little bit of trouble that night. There was kind of like a little bit of a tussle on the dance floor and I think some wigs got pulled, but it was a pretty crazy night and that was before she was even just vocals, so it’s been amazing to see her progress into rapping and making music and I just love what she brings to the track. Saturday Kingdom performs with an Allstar roster including Bae Bae, BrownSkinHazel, Total Freedom and Uniiqu3 get tickets HERE Photographed by Alligator Jesus. Styled by Ally Nikoltchev Produced by: BJ Panda Bear Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. It was a family affair as last night UGG threw a banger to celebrate their now campaign featuring creatives in fashion and music including Slick Woods and son, Paloma and Ama Elsesser, Kim Gordon of Sonic Youth and daughter Coco Gordon Moore, Sasha and Sergio Lane, and Luka and Clark Sabbat. The event was a dazzling event paying homage to the brands California heritage.  The brand drew inspiration from the #UGGLIFE  campaign family-focused narrative highlighting the relationships and the spirit across generations that brings families together along with inspiring and challenging one another DJ’s and eyewear designers Coco & Breezy curated the events soundtrack. Staying on theme with a musical performance by SoCal local indie punk rock duo/brothers The Garden. UGG founded in 1978 by an Australian surfer originated on the coast of California. Renowned for its iconic classic UGG boot boosted by Hollywood celebs, and fashion editors around the world, the brand has extended into apparel and accessories with recent collaborations with the brands like Y/PROJECT and Eckhaus Latta. The evenings launch also featured the new range of buckle boots that also presented an exaggerated sole and a soon to be everywhere thigh grazing boot. After a dinner at the Roosevelt hotel, we caught up with the mama, muse, and all around bad ass Slick Woods to chat about #UGGLIFE.  Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Did you end up going out last night after the dinner at The Roosevelt? I’m a little exhausted but I don’t think I went out, I think went out went on me. How do you feel like UGG has fit into your life as a mother? UGG has been a big part of my life since the last campaign so we have been linking up. Do you feel like having a child has fit into life of the badass fashion creature you’ve always been known for? Yes, of course. I mean getting into motherhood and being an UGG mom has definitely been a big part of my life. You have really empowered the persona of the badass into this new creation, it’s beautiful. Of course, I had to slip into motherhood very unexpectedly. What do you see in the space between comfort and style? Well, comfort and style has always been missed together. I mean my style in very comfortable. Do you think simple comfort can be stylish? Yes, definitely, I am a little bit mixed with Tomb Raider, with a little bit of Kim Possible, and a little bit of, let’s say, Al Pacino. All together – that’s me What is one comfort faux pas you feel can never be chic? Broke shit… I don’t do broke shit. What is one comfort faux pas you feel we need to embrace more? Probably aristocratic shit. Like real rich nigga shit. I wish we did more of that. Yeah do more of that now! Do you see your son as following your footsteps in the modelling world? Hell no. My sons going to be a police officer or a fireman. And I’m gonna let him do that. Your film Goldie got great reviews. Do you see yourself getting more into film? No, the director was trash but my acting was fucking great. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   BUFFALO shoes. Make way for the newest edition to the female power movement, a DJ from Berlin who goes by Martafakka. With a background in Tech House, Funk House, Hip-Hop, RnB, and Afro House, she curates explosive beats that pulsate through the listener’s body causing them to not only feel Martafakka’s energy in her songs, but also having an almost out of body experience. As well, her expertise in mixing different genres creates a new kind of music and allows for a wide range of people to enjoy her work. Beyond her musical genius, she is an avid traveller, inspired learner, and according to her Instagram, is an animal lover as well. Take pleasure in reading the following interview with the creative genius.   BUFFALO shoes. Who would your dream collaboration be with? My favorites would be Dixon, Honey Dijon and Black Coffee What are you currently working on? And how is the process going? My main goal right now is to achieve the knowledge of producing myself. I have my roots in Hip- Hop and RnB and want to learn now more about electronic music especially tech house, funkhouse… I know that you have performed in Berlin, where would you love to perform next? I would love to perform in Ibiza, Amsterdam, London and New York. What is your favorite thing about performing and your fans? The best thing about djing is when you feel that people are getting exactly into your vibe and enjoy the party. What inspires your specific sound? I already traveled a lot in my life and I have been to many clubs where I got a lot of different vibe and music inspiration. What do you want your listeners to feel or take away from your music? The most important thing is LOVE, LOVE, LOVE and of course amazing energy! People should feel good and free while listening to my music. Its all about energy. What does your music creating process look like? I start with collecting my current favourite songs. After that it goes on with the main part; FIND MATCHING SONGS! It is my goal to combine all music genres with each other. There are no boundaries! Its kind of a process of course. Do you have a specific song that means a lot to you? What makes it special to you? It’s “Dirty Diana“ from Michael Jackson since I was a kid. It always hat something mystic about it…Who the f*** is Diana?!  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   REBECCA VALLANCE suit, ANDREA FOHRMAN earrings, and ANNA-KARIN KARLSSON sunglasses. She might not be a household name in America, yet, but Lila Iké has already taken Jamaica’s music scene by storm. Hailing from Manchester, Jamaica, she sharpened her teeth by performing at Jamnesia’s open mic on Saturday nights. The seaside venue (located in Bully Bay, about 20 minutes outside Kingston), has hosted many prominent Jamaican artists including Chronixx, Jah9, NoMaddz, and Protoje. The latter performer, Protoje, happens to be a Grammy nominated artist and his ears perked when he first heard Lila Iké’s music. He signed her as part of his collective, In.Digg.Nation.  Lila’s friendship with Protoje turned out to be the turn her music career needed. The signing thrusted her into the spotlight, where she’s performed alongside him at Jamaica’s Reggae Sumfest (basically it’s the Coachella for the country) with 30,000 heads in attendance then making her NYC debut at BRIC’s Celebrate Brooklyn! Concert. In 2017, Lila dropped her first official track, titled “Biggest Fan.” She wrote the song for her mother, whom she dubbed her “biggest fan.” The song’s release opened the floodgates for her solo career, with several other songs following suit. Earlier this summer, she performed on Protoje’s song “Not Another Word,” which acted as the biggest track she’s been apart of. After premiering on Rolling Stone, “Not Another Word” has graced Spotify playlists “Dancehall Queen,” and “Dancehall Official.”  While Lila Iké might hold the Reggae universe in the palm of her had, she’s not interested in classifying herself as a Reggae artist. She believes her music is more universal than to label inside a single genre. Flaunt spoke with the rising artist about her humble beginnings, treasured inspirations, and the meaning behind the words Lila Iké.  MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit and JIMMY CHOO shoes. I always like to know what influences an artist when they are writing and recording their songs. Who would you say are your musical influences? My favorite singer of all time is Garnett Silk. I love Toni Braxton, I really love Lauren Hill. All great artists in different genres and different types of music. But my all-time favorite is Garnett Silk. Why would they inspire you? Garnett Silk is my all-time favorite because of what he did for the music I don’t think anybody else did it. I feel like his voice, his style, he had a spiritual thing with his voice. Also, the fact that he didn’t get much time to do what I really think he wanted to do. Very powerful and very spiritual. How he was cut down so early almost makes me take up the responsibility, just make sure my music is on that level.  What’s your intention when performing your music? What are you trying to give your listeners with your talents? When I’m performing, I’m basically giving everything. With certain performers, You can identify with what they are saying. , You can see certain movements in their body, you can feel in your presence that music isn’t something they are doing to make some money. So when I’m performing I’m doing what I’m supposed to do, which is give it all Every artist has a different creative process when writing and recording music. What does your look like?  I search for inspiration, I don’t necessarily like writing with a pen and paper. When going through my everyday life, if a thought comes to me, i’ll whip out my phone and record it. Somethings I don’t record all my inspirations, but it comes upon you and for some people, it comes through like mediation or dancing or going different places. For me it’s all of the above. I like having conversations about different things. like learning as much as I can. I like listening to music, going to jam sessions.  ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER coat and boots, HALPERN turtleneck, and MISHO earrings. You’ve released four singles so far. What’s next? Is there an album or an EP on the way? Naturally, but I can’t say when. I am definitely working on new music.  We will keep our ears open! There’s a lot of musical genres, what inspired you to chose reggae? Is there a connection to the genre which drew you to it?  Personally, I don’t really associate myself with any particular genre, I feel like its a conscious thing. Like a work of poetry. I grew up in Jamaica, where there is lots of reggae. But I love reggae, it’s my favorite genre. I love spoken music, jazz, country music, reggaeton. But for me, reggae music is a part of me.  Are you still based in Jamaica? Yes. Rolling Stone premiered “Not Another World,” which features you working with Protoje and Agent Sasco. Are there any more collaborations coming up which you can tell us about? I recently did a song produced by Izzy which was released on the same day, so I haven’t been pushing it that much. That’s the most recent collaboration I’ve worked on but I’m interested in working with a lot of artists. I’d love to do a song with Chronixx and Koffee. These are things I have in my head that hopefully work out.  You recently performed at LA’s Delicious Pizza for their block party. Are there any more US shows coming up on your itinerary? Not right this minute, the next time I’m in America for a show is in Washington. My friend wants to come perform at his venue. Me, Sevana, a new artist called Jaz Elise, and another artist named Apollo. We are apart of their acoustic presentation. That’s the only thing I’m certain about. October 14th. Where did the name Lila Iké come from? What does it mean to you?  Lila, biblically was coined from my original name Alecia Grey. When I was born people would always shorten my name. They’d call me Leekee or Leelee. Once somebody called me Lila and I was very drawn to that name because I felt like a “Lila”. I made a Facebook account and used it as my Facebook name, it was “Lila Music.” And people started calling me Lila. Before I know it, everybody actually thinks my name is Lila.  Iké, I got that name from a friend of mine I met when I moved to Kingston. This guy had a Nigerian background. He grew up in Africa and said Iké is short for Ikechukwu, he told me that it meant “God is powerful” I grew up in a Christian home, my mom always went to church and believing in a higher being was always a crucial part of our everyday life. And I personally believe that there is something more beautiful and powerful than all of us here on Earth.  I wanted to appropriate this energy, which is the purest form of my music. That’s where Lila Iké came from.  It was great talking to you, is there anything you would like to add? I want people to know that it’s okay for them to be themselves, and they should go for whatever they want if they feel it in their hearts. If it brings them joy.   MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit. Photographed by Nolwen Cifuentes. Styled by Mui-Hai Chu. Hair: Darren Hau using Oribe at Opus Beauty. Makeup: Mylah Morales  at Exclusive Artists.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Autumn Hrubý is the founder of knitwear enthusiast and journal, Hesperios. The carefully crafted, sustainable collections express Hrubý’s philosophy of “quality over quantity,” with garments meant to last a lifetime. An extension of the brand is it’s dedication to classic and contemporary art, literature, and travel, which reveals itself in a biannual anthology— distributed internationally through art-and-design book stores, galleries, newsstands, and museums. This month, Hesperios released it’s third edition of the ongoing journal series, marking the celebration of both established and emerging creatives. From artists to chefs to filmmakers and poets, No.3 is packed with visual references, intellectual nuances, and personal anecdotes that will galvanize any and every reader. Flaunt spoke with Hrubý post-Journal No.3 launch to chat all things Hesperios. HESPERIOS founder, Autumn Hrubý. What’s the story behind the name of your line and literary journal, Hesperios, meaning “the evening star”?  My friend Evan Dando started calling me Hess as a nickname, short for Hesperios. At the time, Glenn O’ Brien and I were brainstorming potential names for my company to be. It was a long process, and he had several amusing options, but when I heard Hesperios, everything just clicked.   Of all the interviews in this issue, who surprised you most, and why?  Miranda Brooks interview. I loved discovering that she meditates with her client before each project to bless the land and ask the spirits for help.  “In Japan there is a standard practice to have a land blessing with the client and architect before any construction begins, to make peace with who has been there before, and to suggest where the spirits can safely wait until construction ends. Once construction is complete, they are invited back to bring love and a sense of being to what was created.”  Visually, how has literature and the art world influenced your designs?  Art and literature have influenced our brand in every possible way. I knew I wanted to make the perfect sweater and cardigan with reoccurring artist collaborations and less common color palettes. And of course, we publish art and literary books, which is at the heart of what we do. This has always been the idea behind Hesperios. Sometimes working with an artist on a particular cardigan will influence the range of colors for the collection, but I usually have a well-defined palette from the very beginning. I often have Maria Sibylla Merian’s books around for reference.   As fashion is the second most polluting industry in the world, how does your brand support sustainable practices? I’m glad you asked. This is a long answer, but it is the most important question I am asked. Hesperios has been called a “sustainable brand,” and I’m not sure what that means or if any brand can be truly “sustainable,” but we are trying, every day. I have set very high standards in the way I’d like to run everything. We are a small team, but we all care and want to do things differently and thoughtfully rather than arbitrarily pushing out more product. I think we’ve had a head start as a new company forming good habits in the early stages, rather than having to unravel detrimental ones later on. Even so, it’s a constant process which requires a tremendous amount of time to research alternative materials and more efficient methods of production.  It was always my intention to create a well-made, high-quality product that would last forever and age well. Our collection began with a sweater; designed as something you can keep as an heirloom— quality over quantity. We produce two seasons a year, with limited releases in between, all of which are produced in low quantities, so we aren’t sitting on excessive inventory.   We also recycle our inventory in a way that I’m proud of. In our last three collections, we selected a few styles from our inventory, like our Gayle or Lou knit tank, and combined them with pleating to create our signature Paloma and Lola dresses. Our collection also consists of a core library of year-round knits, which means we can keep these on our website longer because they technically don’t fall out of style. If we have inventory in a color that hasn’t sold as well, we dye it sustainably. Timeless and well-made products retain their value.  All of our wovens are produced locally in New York City. This reduces the waste of packaging and shipping materials. We try to use as much deadstock, antique, and recycled materials as possible. We will never produce leather, and we’ve kept our material options to a minimum. I don’t plan on using cashmere or wool. We plan to use 100% organic cotton by next year, and we’re also in the planning phase of bringing our knit production in-house, so we are in control of all phases of production.   I wish building a company was just about telling stories and making beautiful things, but this is such a small fraction of what is required. There can be a myriad of factors and variables which influence every decision and sometimes can be overwhelming. But we approach everything with thoughtfulness and integrity in mind.  I’ve been a vegetarian for 18 years, and I’ve always been conscious of my environment. When I was 20, I lived on a permaculture and biodynamic farm in San Miguel de Allende, and when I moved back to the states, I viewed our resources differently. I think this experience has informed my life decisions going forward, and I’m constantly reminded of those lessons. I recently sat through the Earthlings documentary and was completely shaken. It takes you through all the industries that rely on animals and how corrupt so many industries are. After watching this, I wanted to begin taking steps to become vegan. I also became overwhelmed with all the lifestyle choices associated with this decision and that if I became vegan, I would want the brand to be as well. Suddenly, becoming vegan was harder than anything I’ve ever thought about doing, especially regarding fashion. Right now, I am gathering the facts so that it isn’t an overwhelming transition. Leather is everywhere. There is no reason when there are plenty of alternative materials to use for a handbag or a shoe. But then, you also have to be knowledgeable about how those materials are made and the waste or toxic threats they could be creating.   Patagonia has been a big inspiration for my colleagues and me. My best friend, Miye McCullough, is our Director of Operations, and she has a background in Conservation, so we are always talking about sustainability. She recommended a book called The Responsible Company by Vincent Stanley and Yvon Chouinard. It has been my ongoing resource for information. I recommend this book to everyone, both personally and professionally. You can learn from their past mistakes as a company, how transparent they are, and what they did to learn and improve not only their production but practices on a global scale. The bottom line is that it takes a community effort to create change. The book is also a reminder that while mistakes are inevitable, what counts is how we solve each problem.  Everyone on our team has a genuine interest in sustainability. We enjoy the research process equally as much as the creative one. I’ve been a member of an innovative design library ever since we started, which gives architects and designers access to sustainable, biodegradable, recyclable, certified organic materials around the world. They have an actual library you can walk through and scan swatch cards; giving you instant access to suppliers who produce bio-leather from pineapple juice.   I don’t want to turn a blind eye to our ecological crisis. If I’m made aware of something that isn’t right, I will go to great lengths to try and correct it and make it better. But I have to remind myself that it cannot happen overnight.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 Drop 1 launching today, October 8th, Zara aims to release their variations on the here to stay khaki and uniform stylized core pieces. For decades in DIY culture, core basics have been used as representation and a source of visual language to identify rebellion and counterculture. These two characteristics are still used as the main sources of inspiration to highlight individual style and remain part of being unbranded in a capitalistic society. As well as being inspired by figures involved in the arts, musicians, actors, artists, and so forth. Zara is taking classic clothing archetypes with this new SRPLS CHPTR 03 line, consisting of outerwear, shirts, pants, and accessories, remixing them with new proportions, cuts, and sews every release to give a new meaning. This will be the 3rd instalment of Zara’s bi-annual SRPLS collection, showcasing men and women collections as in the past, but for the first time a kid’s line will be available. The collection speaks on the military influenced clothes that have become part of the world’s wardrobe vernacular for the past 60 years in popular culture. Made from premium materials, in limited edition with three releases each season. The collection will be available online and in select stores across the US, Spain, Germany, UK, France, Italy, Poland, Japan and China. Photos courtesy of ZARA Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Gucci has begun accepting applications for the North American Changemakers program, which includes its $1.5 million Scholarship Program and its $5 million Impact Fund for nonprofit organizations, and they have brought a collaboration with DRØME Creative Director Satchel Lee to announce it. The grant and scholarship open call announcement invites young people and nonprofits to apply to be Gucci Changemakers.  Earlier this year, Gucci announced its North American Changemakers Program, working in alignment with the company’s vision for garnering a greater social impact and pushing diversity and equity forward within the fashion industry. The film announcing the open call for applications was narrated by Changemakers Council Co-Chair, Poet, and Author Cleo Wade, and allowed for young people to share their own stories. Wade stated, “Change does not happen in theory, it happens in community. We are bringing the Gucci Changemakers initiative to life by bringing not only funds, but also time, energy, and care to communities that have been historically and systemically under resourced and overlooked for too long.” Both of the programs aim to do exactly that. They give to and prioritize historically underrepresented and marginalized communities in order to allow for the advancement of the youth and nonprofit organizations hoping to create broader change, starting within their own communities.  Learn more on applications and eligibility at www.changemakersus.gucci.com. Photos and video courtesy of Gucci Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   GUCCI jacket, pants, and shoes.  BEN SHERMAN top and pants, BRUNO MAGLI boots. The singer-songwriter and actor Chord Overstreet surprised a lot of his fans when, in 2015, he left behind his acting days on Glee to pursue a career in music. The son of Grammy-award-winning country music singer-songwriter Paul Overstreet, Chord had grown up surrounded by music, which he quickly developed an affinity for. Once he formed his own band, Overstreet, the singer was already opening for Demi Lovato and Nick Jonas on their Future Now Tour. After releasing some well-received tracks, the band came along with their first EP earlier this year Man on the Moon, Overstreet is back with the new track “My Ex.“ Flaunt sat down with Chord Overstreet and discussed his relationship with music, songwriting, and his newest single “My Ex”. I wanted to ask you a little bit about your upbringing. You were brought up by a Grammy award-winning father, you have a music-related name—it’s almost as if it was predetermined that you would be involved with music. It was probably my dad’s way of nudging me out the door with a guitar in my hand. I was the third one born into my family, and there’s three notes in a chord, so my dad and mom had names like that for everybody. My sister’s name is Harmony, like a four-part harmony, and a brother named Nash for Nashville, so everyone’s got a wacky name.  How would you say your relationship with music has evolved throughout your childhood up until today?  My relationship with music started out when I was really young and my dad introduced me to Elvis, the Beatles, and James Taylor. The stuff that I responded to was the lyrical content—songs with a story that helped you stepping out of reality, just being in your head and going wherever the music takes you. Lyrics first for me is where I always go, such as James Taylor and Bob Dylan, guys who were really able to paint a world.  Branching out into your own musical career—did you always want to do that, or was it a more recent decision after Glee?  I always did it just because I grew up around it. When I first moved out to LA, I was trying to get the acting thing going, and I had my guitar—it was always there. I never thought about it too much, I just always did it. I would be writing and I would be playing. Everything I got involved in and it worked always coincidentally had music involved, it kept chasing after me. I also always had the desire to do what my dad was doing. When I was probably 17 and playing football—I wanted to play pro football—I got a knee injury and was on Oxycontin on the couch. I was playing video games and my dad was like “Turn that damn game off and write a song!” So I picked up the guitar and couldn’t put it down.   That’s amazing. It’s good that it stuck, because I remember my parents forcing me to learn the piano at a young age, and I would get so bored by it. But then, the love for music sticks with you. It’s interesting because, when you’re a kid and taking music lessons, you don’t necessarily have the drive and determination —although some people do—to push that as a kid and develop those skills. Thank God that parents make kids take lessons because when you’re older, it’s there. I’m really thankful for my mom driving me to guitar lessons. It’s about having the foresight to see that it would be useful someday. Of course, I saw my dad do it, and he obviously taught me a lot about songwriting. My dad said something interesting to me. He had a rough childhood—he came from a broken home—and yet was always very positive in his songwriting, his message was really uplifting. Somebody asked him where his inspiration comes from when he’s writing, and he responded that he always wrote about how he wished his life was, not how it actually was, how he wanted it to be. I thought that was really cool, to be able to twist anything and make a positive message out of it. I’ve learned a lot from him out of my 30 years of studying him. I was really blessed that he put great music in front of me for me to learn from versus some of the stuff that’s pretty bad [laughs].  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. From all of these influences, how is it that you came to the sound you have now? I have a lot of modern influences even just in production, with the sound and current alternative stuff. Finding your niche within that, going back and taking some older retro production vibes and going in some of that—I would say it came from a lot of trial and error, honestly, just throwing a bunch of things at the wall. I was frustrated with not having a sound, so I went back and listened to a lot of Beach Boys stuff, as well as diving into deep tracks of music, while always wanting to make stuff that lasts for a long time. You find inspiration from the best.   You’re getting what inspiration you can from different artists and injecting it into your own style. Exactly. It’s like I really liked the way they presented that sound, how they had fifty different voices way back then, and just finding your own voice within that. A lot of the stuff I love listening to is just stuff that I want to drive to. Then I did a bunch of tours with just me and an acoustic, that singer-songwriter stuff. That’s a different side of me that is there, but after a while you just want to put on a rock show, you want to have fun, you want to express yourself and do crazy shit and not give a fuck about anybody.  GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and talents own ring. That’s actually what I wanted to ask you about next, about your shift from performing solo to having a band. It makes sense that you did it like your father before with the singer-songwriter aspect, and then you wanted to branch out.  That side of it for me is about expressing your emotions. You’ll to be up there, you’re vulnerable, and pouring your soul out. The band stuff and the energy—the crowd has so much to do with it. It’s such a release to be able to express yourself, and be that big, and be that loud, and to do whatever the fuck you wanna do. There’s such a rush in that, and when you go on and perform, you just black out—from the time it starts to the time it ends. Then all of a sudden I’m going, “Wait, is it over? Did that just happen?” It’s almost like its own drug, which you can get out of the singer-songwriter stuff, but that’s a little more therapeutic, and reliving some dark, heavier stuff.  You also have this support network of the rest of your band with you on stage.  Yeah. It’s fun to be able to make music with your friends, to shake out all of your anxiety, and nerves. I’m not a great dancer, so on stage I can just do the weirdest, craziest, stupidest stuff, and not give a fuck. That’s one of the things I like. That’s the only time you’re gonna see me blow off steam. It’s almost like you turn into a different person, which I love. That has a very similar connection with me that acting does. When acting, you get to disappear for a second. GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and KSWISS shoes. I really like that, because there’s also this other side of performing that’s filled with nerves, and you’re always worried about what people will think. But when it’s right for you, you just melt into it.  Once you say, “Fuck it,” and jump off…The first time I started doing live stuff with a band, I was learning my body, and how I move, and how I do things. But then, once you rip the band aid off and learn to not give a shit, to just have fun and move around like nobody’s watching…that’s the best. Once you can take that jump, it’s fun.  Great. I’m wondering, what artists today would you like to collaborate with if you had the opportunity? I would love to collaborate with Sting or, I listened to a lot of Aerosmith growing up they were probably one of my favorite bands. I don’t know what that would sound like, but probably more so the legends. Just to be able to say I did it and pick their brain. To get into their headspace and see what their creative process is like. Yeah, I’d ask a lot of questions like, “Hey, when you wrote ‘Dude (Looks Like a Lady),’ what was the story behind that? I’d probably be the most annoying person sitting next to them, because I would be asking them so many questions. I find that the process of songwriting is so different for everybody that “What inspired this, what inspired this, what inspired this” might open your eyes to all the things around you that you wouldn’t normally pay attention to.  BEN SHERMAN t-shirt, KENZO pants, and BALLY shoes. Going off of that, I want to ask you a similar question about your upcoming single “My Ex.” The songs on your Man on the Moon EP have a lot to do with past relationships and the effect they had on you. How does this single play off that? What inspired this direction that you’re going in? I wrote this song the next day after running into one of my exes. I ran into her at the bar and she was with one of her friends, and I used to hang out with both of them when we were together. I run into this person all the time, and I ran into her, and every time I run into her she’s with her boyfriend. It’s a little odd, because he’s just a little bit odd about it. We’re cool though, I love her to death she’s super sweet. She started flirting with me a little bit, talking and drinking. To make a long story short, we hung out and afterwards I felt like she was making a move on me—not that I would’ve done anything. Then her boyfriend showed up and the whole vibe completely changed. I found all of this really interesting, so the next day when I went into the studio to write, I started working on the track with my buddy, and in thirty minutes I had the song written. The thing I thought was interesting was, what if I actually did go home with my ex-girlfriend and she left her current boyfriend? I just thought that would’ve been an interesting hypothetical situation, because once you had that relationship with somebody, there’s always something that’s underneath a little bit. You’re always wondering “What if it turned out differently?  When you’re young, relationships end for reasons that when you’re older I’m sure they never would. There’s probably a reason and a good reason it did end. I self-examine a lot of my dating life. It’s an easy thing for me to really look at that while I’m writing.  That’s a positive thing—self-examination, looking at how everything went down and how you can change for the future—it’s a very good thing. It’s very much like therapy.  Like self-therapy almost.  It is difficult to analyze yourself without you running through your own protective filter. When something happens in a relationship, people see it from a slanted view where they end up not being as harsh on themselves as they are on the person they’re breaking up with. Being that way with yourself can be tough.  KENZO jacket and pants. Very true. My final question is, you know how people usually get an impression of an artist whenever they listen to their album or a single. I’m wondering, with the debut album you’re releasing next year, is there a specific impression you want people to get of you, whether as a person or as a musician? That’s a good question. My goal for this next batch of songs is—everybody relates to love, loss, things changing. They might not relate to the exact story, but everybody has felt that way, everyone has had that emotion. Being able to really put out emotions that are relatable, that hard stuff that you don’t really want to talk about, or being able to share the good feelings. It’s about being able to emote and give people something they can relate to.  They end up feeling an emotional connection to it. They have a connection to the music. Even if it is specific to my story. That’s probably the main goal.  That’s probably the main unifier between people and music—the ability to connect with an emotion or lyric, anything about it—it’s great.  It could just be a lyric, it could be something that makes you say “I felt that way.” Even Drake with “Why you gotta fight with me at Cheesecake Factory/ You know I love to go there.” That’s funny, and it’s real. I think it’s genius how specific that is, because you can’t make that shit up.  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. It’s specific enough that you can imagine being in a similar situation. Everybody has got into a fight with somebody at a place like that. Cheesecake Factory is just—I think that’s hilarious. Drake does that better than anyone. Great. That’s it on my part, is there anything you wanted to talk about that we haven’t touched on? We talked about the sound, the inspiration…The one thing I also wanted to talk about…just the…I guess we talked about it. Letting people in and getting a good look at who I actually am and what goes on behind the curtains, what grinds my gears I guess. Especially with this new project you’re doing, it’s a new path, and for people to see that and get their impression of you, it’s really important. It’s new for me, but it’s also thirty years of  my experience in self-discovery, and giving people a look into the reality of where I’ve been and where I’ve come from, that’s really important. That’s great. We very much look forward to your new material.  Yeah, I’m constantly writing, so hopefully I’ll get a bunch of new stuff out there.  Photographed by Jonny Marlow at Early Morning Riot. Styled by Brendon Alexander. Grooming: Avian King using Davines at The Rex Agency. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   A woman with a past containing hardships to a future where she can clearly see what she wants, Diana Gordon is back with her new single, “Becoming” which is all about celebrating hard work, being in control, and having her family by her side. She is a multi talented woman who sings, song writes, produces, and is a visual artist. Diana is not afraid to be herself and through her voice and singing, she has been able to have an emotional outlet. Her music is a mix of rhythmic drums, alternative rock, and dark folk, which create a melodic base for her powerful and captivating voice.  Diana has won Grammys in the past for her songwriting and producing work with many prominent artists, including Mark Ronson, Dua Lipa (“Electricity”), Beyonce ("Sorry", "Daddy Lessons", "Don't Hurt Yourself'), and more.  Her 2018 EP Pure was described by Pitchfork as being, “marked by her striking voice and emotional candor.” Diana has an album set to come out next year and will follow the tone of her new single “Becoming.”   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The high desert has remained as popular as it was 40 years ago to getaway to, when your dad was planning a Joshua Tree trip with his buddies and forgot to pack the trail mix, as well as the good suede boston birkenstock’s.  HWY 62 ART TOURS is becoming one of the fastest growing attractions taking place over 3 weekends in October, featuring 150 artists opening their studios to showcase artwork.  Part of the fun derrives from its self-driven aspect, furtherly explained by Art Tours Director, Bill Green: “The best thing about the Art Tours is that you never know what you’ll discover. With over 30 different categories of art, you might see a tile house followed by an abstract painter followed by a sculptor. You get to choose what you want based on your interest. There are so many different artists here with unique studio spaces that you can’t possibly see them all. It’s a big reason why we went to three weekends this year.” This special desert art tour taking place under the stars will take place this month in October over the spand of 3 weeks.  Weekend Oct. 5th & 6th, the 11th & 12th, and lastly the 18th & 19th. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Photo courtesy Nike. This is what we have been waiting for. In Los Angeles, Nike is coming out with limited-edition Air Max 270 React sneakers and fleece hoodies. Not only are they limited-edition, they are specially-designed by three talented L.A. artists: Sage Adams, Jheyda McGarrell, and Gabrielle Richardson. Each artist used their stories to create a this new collection of sneakers and hoodies, incorporating their unique style and flare. Flaunt was fortunate enough to get to chat with the women, see below.  SAGE ADAMS: The NY Transplant “Designed by artist and curator Sage Adams, this Air Max 270 React is a reinvention of the classic white shoe that Adams saw in her childhood. The shoe comes outfitted with a pizza slice charm to nod to the classic comfort from her home-state, a reminder to pay tribute to your roots.” What inspired you to pursue art? For me the lack of representation of marginalized people as popular visual artists really spoke to a gap I wanted to fill. We needed more than Basquiat, we needed to know Carrie Mae Weems, Kara Walker, Henry Taylor! I needed to see more of a spectrum of the stories being told and mediums used.  Do you feel that art has opened up new possibilities for expression for you?  Art In many ways has taken over how I see the world. Before I started breaking things down into shape rather than how they ‘actually look’ was the moment I began to feel like an artist. It’s opened my mind to an array of possibilities otherwise deemed impossible. I didn’t even think I could draw as a kid. What is the process you go through when curating an exhibition? Do you have a specific message in mind? For me it’s getting to know the artist and what made them make the thing and then it’s how do these things come together to tell the story.  What connects the works, what makes them different from other pieces in archive? What medium? What does the architecture of the actual gallery space look like? Creating an authentic representation of an idea or ethos is one of the hardest and most rewarding things there is.   JHEYDA MCGARRELL: The Homegrown Angeleno “L.A. native artist Jheyda McGarrell’s take on the Air Max 270 React is influenced by her Black and Mexican upbringing. Pops of red pay homage to rose bushes grown in the front yard of her childhood home, while gold accents represent the evolving idea of opulence for Black and Brown communities. Topped off with a cherub charm, a reminder to honor traditions and use the lessons of the past to keep it moving forward.” Questions for Jhyeda Mcgarrell: How does your heritage, as an Angeleno of both Black and Mexican decent, reflect onto your artwork? My heritage is reflected in all of my work due to the heavy impact of it in my formation. The contention of growing up experiencing all these different aspects of culture and tradition is an experience many without their stories ever been told. This specific project in my mind has worked to piece together the different aspects of the different culture backgrounds, that our two cultures share. This shoe to me bridges the created tension of an American landscape. It shows the ways we are one and the ways people like me live between these different ideologies and physical spaces. It bridges the weird black kid in the white neighborhood to the dark skinned mixed Mexican kid growing up with Tias smoothing down their curls and gives us space to just be all our different facets without contention.  What was the most rewarding and challenging part of this process? The most rewarding part in this has been seeing the smile on my mom’s face when I told her I was working on a collaboration with Nike. The most challenging but also rewarding part has been working with an entire crew of people to execute an idea which is still relatively new to me. It’s so beautiful to see all these brilliant, different minds working to make something I once imagined.  What do you hope people feel when they wear your shoes/hoodie? Confidence? Individuality?  I hope when they wear the apparel they feel like they are truly reflecting their highest self. I hope they feel comfortable and free. I hope they feel every good emotion that has been out into the making and the lifestyle behind the creation. I hope they feel loved because I know I do from them.  What qualities do you see in yourself that you know you got from your family? Pretty much everything. My family is completely made up of immigrants and all of the qualities I’ve gained from their strength and preservation in a country against them is appreciated. I have learned love and a desire to improve our lives and the lives around us and to honor heritage. I have learned even the qualities they might oppose in me. I have learned to always crave freedom and to always have a strong sense of self among so many other things.  It is so amazing that you get to work with Nike to be a source of inspiration for many people. What has inspired you, and in return, what do you want your work to inspire in others?  Thank you! It is literally such an honor. I’ve been inspired by everyone around me embodying the phrase “existence is resistance”. I’ve been inspired by the black, the brown, the indigenous, the queer, the trans, the fat, the disabled, the people who make up the qualities most worth embodying, utter freedom of expression and true strength. I hope my work inspires people to follow myself and others in moving forward towards freeing themselves and seeing the value in their everyday life, even when it’s boring, even if you hate yourself, like I did once and still do sometimes, I hope they know they are important.  GABRIELLE RICHARDSON: The Passionate Traveler “Neon meets pastel in a technicolor dream in the Air Max 270 React designed by model and multimedia artist Gabrielle Richardson. The colorway exhibits the dichotomy of the modern-day jetsetter — neon being those moments of movement, and pastels representing the comforts of home. Embellished with a ‘Real’ charm, an encouragement to make creative dreams a reality without letting others restrict your point of view.” Questions for Gabby Richardson: Which place that you’ve travelled to been the most influential, or just your favorite and why? I think the most influential place I’ve ever been is in Cape Town, South Africa. It was beautiful to be in a majority black country, but still felt a sense of disillusion being in a country with such an intense racial caste system. I felt so lucky to be in Africa, a continent that felt so connected to my identity but where I had never been. I met so many young talented South African artists in Cape Town who shared their art with me, and it reinforced my drive to do better to create and facilitate spaces for young black kids globally. What do you want people to feel or think when wearing your design? I want people to feel validated, I want to give people hope. I want people to know, in our constant shared state of anxiety that we live in that there is a silver lining. I used the neon colors because they’re utilitarian colors used often in industrial and emergency settings, I offset the abrasive colors with pastels to give it a sense of softness, and a sheer window so people can show off their personality. I think the real chain is self-explanatory, what you do, whatever you want to do, that shits real, that shits valid, don’t let anyone limit you and tell you that your aspirations are fake. What does it mean for you to be a part of Nike’s limited edition collection? It feels crazy! I As a child I never thought it was a possibility for me to work in the creative world and even more of a ludicrous fantasy to be able to have my own shoe. I think it’s a testament that any dream you have can be built. This journey with Nike has been a really formative experience for me as artist, I have never been so affirmed in my artistry. I was able to direct so many aspects of the campaign from the casting, color ways, and insert in the shoe. Being believed in is a magic that I want to pass on. Everything can be real!! What does travel mean to you? Through my time traveling I’ve realized that I learn mostly through experience. Through meeting people and exchanging stories of each other’s lives, I not only gain an objective knowledge but also broaden my emotional intelligence. A willingness to learn doesn't have to only connote traditional practices of learning, an education can be childlike and involves a lot of falling and getting back up. Traveling allows to see me to see the world for the first time always, everything and anything can fill me with wonder.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    WILDFOX clothing.  WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, JF LONDON shoes, ASOS belt, and KRYSIA RENAI necklace.  WILDFOX clothing and DALMATA necklace and ring.  WILDFOX clothing, B JAMES bag, WOLF CIRCUS necklace, and FARRADAS KNITS clips.  WILDFOX t-shirt and CLYDE hat  WILDFOX clothing, ASOS headband, IMAGO-A belt, and MALONE SOULIERS shoes.  WILDFOX clothing and MISCREANTS gloves.   Left to right: WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, VIA SPIGA shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. WILDFOX sunglasses, MALONE SOULIERS shoes, FARRADAS KNITSearrings, I.O. COLLECTIVE ring, and NORA KOGAN ring.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings.  WILDFOX clothing, TIBI belt, LADY GREY earrings, and MARY MACGILL necklace.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. In a city more rife with wantrepreneurs than we care to truly consider, there are origin stories aplenty. Divided this in two, split that up, and presto! Success! Took the family business and scaled it. Had an invention idea come in a dream and now we're shipping ten thousand units. Was in the right place at the right time. Knew a guy who knew a guy and the rest is history. Often rather boring stories. But how often do you hear of success stories that originate in the club? Business is done in clubs, business is celebrated in clubs, but rarely do you witness material success be birthed in the club. Enter saxophonist and entrepreneur Jimmy Sommers, CEO of Wildfox and 100% owner of the lifestyle brand known for its sun-soaked, sexy California attitude. In addition to being Wildfox CEO, Jimmy Sommers is a partner in top shelf tequila, Perfectomundo, with multi-Grammy winning DJ and producer, Paul Oakenfold, and owns a boutique line of beautifully hand-forged eyewear, very appropriately named Sommers.  Wildfox was birthed over a decade ago. While throwing must-attend parties all over the world, and made in LA units flying fast, the company navigated the economic recession and explosion of e-commerce with a big smile on its face. The birth of influencer marketing across Instagram, however, and a glut of fast, cheap fashion brands, have created challenges in recent seasons, and Sommers is continually seeking ways in which to stay true to how his brand was built and scaled, while integrating a modern sensibility for how fashion is currently consumed. Sommers took time on the deck of his Modern home in the Hollywood Hills, to speak on the changes he's witnessed in the apparel industry, as well as Los Angeles, as well as his only-in-Hollywood story of rising to musical prominence, and in so doing, creating a platform for himself with which to meet the world and explore other ventures. In support is a Wildfox Fall '19 editorial, photographed on the azure hills of Malibu late this summer by frequent Flaunt photographer, Shane McCauley. You found your footing in Hollywood with an exceptional saxophone talent right?  Exactly, being good at something was my way in. The saxophone was my in to Hollywood, in to different events, meeting people. It was a tool. I used the sax as a tool. In college I got a scholarship for it. Then I got to take a crack at LA because I had a reason: to become a professional saxophone player. I was very fortunate to have parents that are supportive and together still, which is rare. They’re my backbone.   And what sort of evolutions have you observed in the music industry over time? The music industry is… well, it’s funny because when I came out here there was something called smooth jazz, and there were jazz and smooth jazz stations. I grew up listening to David Sanborn and Marcus Miller and their style was my key influence. I had gigs all the time. But that’s changed and so has my music career. I used to go on tour all the time. So, the radio stations changed their formats and then comes Hip-Hop. When I was out here recording, it was Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg and Tupac and that era, which was cool shit—it still is cool—but now it’s a whole new and different thing.  You actually mentioned you recorded with all manner of artists at the time, like Tupac himself? Well it just happened that Dr. Dre and Tupac’s engineer lived in my house on Sunset. That’s how it came to be. All of the sudden I was exposed to this music, so then I was playing with them… What’s interesting is that when I was out here, I played saxophone at the China Club, and the China Club is where all the musicians came. I played with Prince, I played with the Kal David band. Rick James came to play. I was immersed with all these great musicians. And what was the sort of lightning bolt moment that deepened your involvement? I was a guest at a part of John Paul DeJoria’s house, the guy that started Paul Mitchell. I was at the bar drinking Patrón with Rod Stewart, who I had just met. We got to laughing and I said, “Rod, let’s go play with the band. I’ve got my sax in the car.” I went to get out my sax and next thing we’re on stage with the band. And that’s where JP was like, ‘Wow, you’re great.’ I didn’t have a record deal at the time, but he was like, ‘How can I help you? Come to my office.’ So inspiring. So I end up playing his gatherings where ten thousand people come, all his hairdressers. He puts a package together, about a hundred and fifty thousand CDs, and distributes them at the salons, which was a catapult to me getting a record deal. It was outside the box, and that really helped me stand out from the rest. That’s what he does. He builds people up. All of the sudden, when my record was done, all of the record labels wanted some. That’s when I ended up getting into the record business with Universal. They pushed me because JP believed in me. And what a vision. He actually started Patrón Tequila 29 years ago, sold it for five billion bucks. And what is he doing now? Giving back. He’s doing great things, and he’s always done that. Doesn’t just go buy a yacht or whatever. He’s such a humanitarian. The guy is just too good to be true. WILDFOX clothing And now you’ve launched your own tequila brand, Perfectomundo? My best friend met someone that owned the best distillery in Mexico. He said ‘we have the best blend of Tequila,’ so we decided to make it. We ended up collaborating with Paul Oakenfold to do Perfectomundo tequila, which is the same name as Paul’s label. It seemed like a good fit. It’s nice to have a business with friends that you can enjoy. We started it a couple years ago, and it’s doing great, and God damn you should try it. It’s delicious! Tequila’s growing big time. And ours has been rated in several shows and tastings, it’s won a lot of awards. The problem with these big tequila companies is they can’t make it fast enough. So they pump it through, and it’s not as good anymore. Being a boutique brand, it’s small batches, and extremely good. Has LA changed a lot to you since coming here? Oh man, in so many ways. To start, there was no bottle service. You’d go out, it wasn’t all the phones with the cameras. You’d go out there, you’d talk to people, not everyone was staring at their phones. That’s just in general, not just LA. But it’s not the same as it used to be. It still is beautiful. It’s still got talented people. Beautiful beaches, you know, beautiful hills. I suppose it’s just that technology has changed.   And how did you make the music to fashion transition? Were you inspired by something in general? Being in that circuit, going to Paris, seeing all that, the fashion shows and having friends in the fashion business was major. And what goes on in London, Paris, Milan—it's so different. Music propelled me to go and experience the world and fortunately enough there came an opportunity to get involved in something else. I knew what was going on in fashion, I was going to the trade shows, seeing what people were doing out there. And to put a different spin on something was key. These two girls came and pitched an idea, something different with a t-shirt company. Oversized, different shapes, something completely different. That’s when we first launched Wildfox. And of course it blew up. Was there a key moment in time? A couple girls came to me with an idea. I said as long as it’s the coziest, softest material, I’m down. That’s what I was going for—the best materials with the right washes. But, we couldn’t even get into the majors, because we had just started. One day, a friend, Alessandra Ambrosio, said, ‘Jimmy Sommers, I’ll model for you. I’ll put your clothes on and I’ll take some pictures. But you do it! You take the pictures.’ So when she was in town, I threw the T-Shirts on her. I had never done this before, so I went to Samy’s Camera and said, ‘Give me your best camera.; It was a 5D and I said, ‘Well, what do you do? I’m shooting a Victoria’s Secret model, what do you do?’ And they just go, ‘Yeah right, sir. Just put it in auto.”’ So, I bought the camera for five grand and went and she put on all the shirts. Then Alessandra was like, ‘Well you can’t use these because Victoria’s Secret is going to get mad.’ So, I said, ‘Ok, of course not, I won’t use these.’ Then, at the trade show, I blew up the biggest photo of her, which was overlooking the whole show. People took notice, and the first order I got was a $60,000 order from Kitson. And I go, ‘How did you see us over here? We’re not even in the main show!?’ And of course they said ‘well, we saw that poster of Alessandra.’ Of course, I was in debt, so it was so great. Alessandra was the key thing. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. How would you describe the identity of the Wildfox brand, how it came to be a force? I’d say along the lines of, ‘Oh, that’s the brand with the softest material,’ the funny sayings, ‘celebrities wear it’, that sorta thing. As the current Wildfox CEO, I ensure we make all our clothes in LA, and it’s great stuff that’ll last forever. Quality. Any person that has a shirt since we started is still wearing it—I’m wearing one right now. They’re out there and they’ve got a frickin’ Wildfox—especially in LA and New York and London—they have something of ours in their closet. Now these other brands come, these fast fashion brands that have Internet money, and it’s cheaper clothes. And there’s all this paying people to wear stuff. We never had to do that when I started. And there’s a lot of that now. Yes, and the mimicry scales so fast. There’s a lot of copycat brands, but what can you do? Just be original. When I started as Wildfox CEO, we thought simply: let’s make t-shirts like butter. The softest t-shirts ever. People say that our first shirts are like fine wine. They just keep getting better and better. They don’t fall apart. Now we have to keep evolving and doing other things. From dresses and higher fashion stuff. Everyone still loves a good shirt and sweats and loungewear, but you have to watch where the world is up to. And now we’re all watching each other on little screens? Yes! Instagram wasn’t around when we started. In fact, we were one of the first accounts to get so many followers. Now, everyone’s influenced by it, which is kind of sad, because it can easily get carried away. It’s good to get these people’s support, but you know… these influencers have so much coming to them. If someone likes a brand, they’ll wear it and talk about it. I talk about a lot of things I like. But, like, one post? It’s not sincere. Left to right: CLYDE hat, JF LONDON shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. CLYDE hat, HARDEMAN shoes, stylist’s own socks, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings. And have you felt tested by owning a company, dealing with the ebbs and flows from the top? Of course. Having a company, you’re working with people, spending more time with your colleagues than anyone. It’s nice to do special things and, hey, if you can be successful and be funny as a company, isn’t that great for everyone involved? Me, being an artist, I get carried away a little and spend too much, and it catches up. This month we are restructuring our offices, tightening up my business. Now we have all these incredible new designs, and there’s excitement at first, then a little stagnancy. Like a relationship. You have to keep tooling and pushing. And do you feel the trajectory is normal for a brand, like a cycle, or is Jimmy Sommers’ Wildfox different?  There are unique circumstances to Wildfox and then much of it is normal high’s and low’s for any brand. Looking back, when you’re rising every year, a lot of big brands would call me and I gave them the middle finger because I thought everything was going to keep going up. ‘I don’t need this, everything's fine.’ But sometimes you do need someone to come in and give some help. It’s been my strategy to stay a one hundred percent owner, but I'm always looking for a strategic partner who can grow it bigger and bigger. You’re always hearing about the pitfalls of growth in the fashion and apparel industry. Any truth to that? You get cocky, but, you know, the consistent factor is you always need some really good people around. I’m still dealing with people that I find out they were faking it. It’s like, what was I doing for the last seven years paying you a hundred and twenty grand? What were you doing? Because I love it when people leave or go and you don’t even need to replace them. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. And how about outside insights or consultation? Not being from this business, I’ve hired a lot of consultants. I’ve figured out that they’ve told me everything I was already doing. With consultants, I’ve learned they’re typically the failed CEOs of their own businesses, or CEOs that got fired, and they want a lot of money. Every consultant I’ve taken aboard hasn’t changed shit. They’ll move certain things around and they’re just shuffling papers. They’ll come in and paper shuffle, and it’s like ‘Oh my God, how much money am I spending?’ So perhaps it’s more in the creative structure? Who at this stage might you think to be an ideal partner? It’s got to be a funny cat. Look at Pharrell! He’s got all this crazy music, he’s great. We’ve met a few times and once I was like, ‘Aren’t you doing fashion?’ and he named four different companies. Wow, what a talent. So someone like that I’d like to get in the mix. New approach on creative ideas. Even Nike does all these things. Collaborations are big business these days. It sparks energy into something, so I’m looking for collabs and there’s a lot of possibilities. Jimmy, aside from being Wildfox CEO and tequila entrepreneur, how about your personal trajectory? Any excerpts from the book of life? All you can do is just learn from life and other people. But you have to trust other people so you truly can learn from them. And that doesn’t always work out, but you have to try. ‘If you look back,’ my father used to ask me, ‘would you change anything?’ You know what, no I wouldn’t. But maybe I have to say that because my father asked me! And how about music? You’re still keeping an eye on the scene? I’m always supporting new artists, as I was one back in the day. Lately I’ve been signing country artists. I know how it is, it’s tough. So it’s nice for me to help out other people, and not just for one song. You have to throw a lot in there and see what sticks. I did that with my music. I worked on three albums at once, and could never finish anything! But then I’d be putting together a record in Chicago, and I’d meet someone and they’d be like, ‘Let’s have ten songs in three months.’ And I was like, ‘Wow, that works.’ Deadlines are important! CLYDE hat, TIBI shoes, IMAGO-A bag, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace. And you’re building a studio up here in the Hills? It’s pretty amazing, the sound. I have a great sound system up here, and you can really hear when someone knows how to record, or mix. Man, that’s a big deal, the mixing. My favorite place to create is like this, where something sounds good. You know, in the Hills, in the studio. That’s why Tupac and everyone used to roll through back in the day! I had a recording studio! That’s why I’m building a new one up here. It’s a special spot. When you’re first in the Hills, you look out there and you’re thinking ‘Wow, I wanna move out here.’ And so I’ve always lived in the Hills, from all the way around. Like seven different houses, and I finally bought one. I look out, and I see the city sparkling, and all those people and their lives from here to as far as you can see, and you’re just on top of the hill, on top of the world. It feels frickin’ good, and it still does. And how’s it all going to land? What’s the big picture look like? Well, it would be nice to have a great relationship, and kids, and this and that. But who knows? Let’s just say I’m gonna die however, but with a smile on my face. Peter Fonda just passed away, and you know, his sister Jane, that’s what she said, that he ‘passed but he had a smile on his face.’ It’s like, have a good ride, because we’re not here forever. Photographed by Shane McCauley.  Flaunt Film Directed by Lucas Chemotti. Models: Dani Dolinger at LA Models and Patterson Wells at Visions Models LA. Styled by Britton Litow. Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co and Oribe at Nest Artists. Makeup: Cedric Jolivet using MAC Cosmetics at Lowe & Co. Manicurist: Lisa Jachno using Chanel Le Vernis at Opus Beauty. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019  AGMES Fall 2019 The contemporary jewelry line, AGMES, is the brainchild of Morgan and Jaclyn Solomon. Each collection is influenced by facets of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art. The geometric and sculptural, metallic silhouettes reflect modern heirlooms, meant to last a lifetime. Handcrafted in New York, the sisters provide local jobs and utilize recycled metals, which is central to their code of ethicality. With the release of their Fall 2019 lookbook, Flaunt spoke with the Solomon gals to chat all things AGMES. Tell us about the inception of AGMES. Morgan Solomon: We hadn’t anticipated starting a line together years ago, it all happened naturally and kind of fell into place this way. I was working as a buyer at Bloomingdale’s at the time but always felt like something was missing in my life. After catching up with an old friend, I was re-inspired and decided to pursue jewelry design full-time. Meanwhile, Jaclyn had just resigned from her job as a sweater designer at Proenza Schouler. She had planned to take a little time off, but as I was getting ready to launch my first collection, I was asking her for more and more input. It started out with small projects, to larger projects like producing our first lookbook, and naturally led us to form a partnership. What aspects of urban landscapes, architecture, and modern art inspire the geometry of your designs? MS: Our collection is very sculptural in nature, so we’re often inspired by sculptors such as Jean Arp, Henry Moore, and Barbara Hepworth, to name a few. We’ve also been greatly inspired by the designs of Charlotte Perriand, Pierre Jeanneret, and Mies van der Rohe. For our most recent SS19 collection, we drew from Ellsworth Kelly’s plant drawings. What dedications has the brand made in regards to sustainability?  MS: Sustainability has always been very important to us, but we feel that now more than ever, it’s crucial to keep our environmental footprint as small as possible. There is so much waste in this industry, and we think it’s our responsibility to make sure we’re not adding to the problem. All our products are made locally in NYC, which helps keep our carbon footprint small, and we use only recycled metals for all our jewelry. Any excess metal that hasn’t been used in our jewelry is melted and repurposed for new pieces.  Jaclyn Solomon: We recycle and reuse everything we can. We’re always bringing in bubble wrap, packaging materials, boxes, etc. from packages we receive at home so that we can reuse them instead of letting them go to waste. What are some of the ideas and concepts behind your Fall 2019 collection? JS: We drew from one of our favorite pieces from the existing collection, the Gabriela Bangle, which we had hand-formed from clay. We love the weight of this piece, the feel of it, and the look. So we wanted to continue playing with this sculptural hand-formed look, but play with the proportions and symmetry further. Most of this collection came from pieces we hand-formed from clay. Do you have a favorite piece from the collection? JS: My favorite is the Gabriela Hairclip! MS: I’ve been wearing the Medium Celia Hoops almost every day lately. And I’ve also been wearing our Domed Ring layered with the Cara Ring from last season. I love being able to build off the styles I already have.  What’s next?  MS: We’ve only just begun expanding into the accessories category – first jewelry, and then we introduced some home and hair accessories. We’ve been exploring the idea of expanding further into these categories, in a way that stays true to us – beautiful organic forms, all of which will become modern heirlooms and embody a sense of timelessness. Photography: Arno Frugier Creative direction: Ashley Helvey Model: Audrey Marnay Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Perverze is the burgeoning Tokyo-based, avant-garde street label taking off in global proportions. The brand is comprised of an on-going collaboration between creative visionaries in Japan, and founded on the retro styles of the 80s and 90s counterculture. Despite the decline of fashion retailers in recent years, Perverze is one of Japan's fastest-growing fashion startups. From shredded knits to tailored coats and bucket hats, the brand champions it's vintage aesthetic with modern functionality.  With recent media frenzy, Perverze has teamed up with Assembly NY to launch it's official U.S. presence. Starting November 15th, the Fall/Winter 2019 collection will be on display in New York's Lower East Side for a month-long showcase. Although this pop-up will be brief, Perverze has no plans to slow down any time soon. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On a mid-fall afternoon, Graham Tyler and I sat down at the High Line Hotel. Surrounded by its collegiate gothic-style architecture and mid-19th-century mementos, we reflect on the time ambiguousness of it— much like his work. Once a student of sculpture and millinery, Tyler found his craft somewhere between bespoke and ready-to-wear, although, he’s not the typical trend-leaning, Instagram-hype designer we’ve become accustomed to. Rather, he’s more introspective, and frankly, unparalleled in his skill. Blending Renaissance, Edwardian, and Victorian silhouettes, Graham modernizes each garment reference through a contemporary lens. In conversation, we spoke of his interests, inspirations, and career from past to present.  How did you decide to study sculpture at Cleveland Institute of Art, and how did that lead you to your millinery apprenticeship with Marta Glazen? I started with painting, and my work was about the body. When it came to actually choosing my major, I ended up going with sculpture because I was more interested in tactile 3d works at the time. And again, I was making a lot of things about the body. From there, I realized I really wanted to learn a craft and wanted to have a skill— a real solid craft skill set. I was looking around at what would be of interest to me, and then I became kind of obsessive about really fascinating textiles. So just in happenstance, I found a woman in Cleveland that was taking an apprentice. Her name was Marta, and she took me in very kindly, and it was very intense; it was about two years with her. Two years, for five, maybe six days a week. I learned a lot from her. She's worked with everybody, and she was wonderful.  How did you decide to switch from sculpture to hats to ready to wear? I was making headwear for a lot of different people in New York, from stylists to runway to a lot of nightlife personalities. People would constantly ask me, "Can you make a garment to go with the hats that your making?" So I thought that I probably should learn how to make clothes. I was making a lot of clothing and headwear. Then, some of the designers that I was working with for their own lines  said, "Just start your own thing."  You went on to make custom headwear for Lady Gaga, Barneys NY, Adam Selman, and Polo Ralph Lauren, to name a few. What were those experiences like? Ralph Lauren for Polo was a full-time day job, and I was doing headwear. That was a really great experience of learning the ins and outs of a brand and how a brand functions at that scale. It's especially nice to work at a brand with such a specific aesthetic. When it comes to celebrities, I work with a few different stylists and such. I largely work with Zaldy, who is a big costume designer. He used to be the designer for LAMB for Gwen Stefani. I worked with him, and it's a really great relationship because he can transfer the information and the aesthetic that they're looking for quite easily. Celebrity work can be tricky because we both come to the table with totally different aesthetics. So I try to translate their thoughts and their words through my hand, which can be kind of a tedious process. It's a lot of give and take on that, but in the end, it's fun. Speaking of costume design— have you ever considered crossing over into that category? I mean, I now understand why Christian Lacroix decided to be a costume designer. Because there's a lot more freedom in that— I don't think I would, because I don't feel that my clothes and the topics that I'm discussing in my work translate well on stage, so I probably would never become a costume designer. None of my clothes have any historical accuracy. I'm usually re-cutting a historical garment into something totally different, or I cut a jacket as a shirt, and I cut a corset as a jacket. I kind of am shifting and re-translating and re-curating things. Your silhouettes are a modern and original take on historical fashion with an emphasis on curved seams, leg of mutton sleeves, corsets, suit vests, and so on. What era's in fashion do you find most influential to you? And do you see a resurgence in antiquated-style clothing? I think the world is consistently reflexive. I think that that is relevant to me. I do see a resurgence in— at least currently, there's a lot of Victorian and Edwardian references transpiring. Especially with puffed sleeves, these are quite popular at the moment. The most recent collection was largely about Mary Shelley and her husband and the Pforzheimer collection at the New York Public Library, which focuses on 1819 to 1845. I mainly stuck to that time period as to the corsets, jackets, and shirts that I was cutting— I was referencing those styles. My work blends Renaissance, Edwardian, Victorian, and some extremely contemporary styles of cutting so that things never feel historical, and they never feel contemporary. They always feel like this very time ambiguous work, which I think is a new way of making clothes — to be very time ambiguous about the way that you're working. Overarchingly, people describe my work as being very Amish. I definitely take that as a compliment, just because I think I cut very graphic shapes, but with very tactile textiles and very hand ROT textiles- and that's kind of an Amish practice. The wonderful thing about Amish is that they look the same today as they did, and they do still.  Speaking of your SS20 collection, "The Origin of Failure," what's the meaning behind this title? It's a long, drawn-out situation. Though the collection was about the Pforzheimer collection and Mary Shelley and her husband, it also was in tandem with trying to figure out what contemporarily is a Romantics approach to making things. I was really inspired by glitch art — also, the act of being romantic about pixelated data. A lot of the prints were all glitched out. I was glitching the images with the love letters. I was typing the love letters into the code of the photos and glitching them through that by putting too much data into the back end. So the long drawn out part of it is that there's only one real piece of critical academic writing about the glitch art that's called The Aesthetics of Post-Digital Objects, I believe. It refers to a glitch as the origin of failure. I was really fascinated by that term. Also, it's terminology as linked to Mary Shelley's obsession with failure in her book and most of her literature, but especially in Frankenstein. What were some of your other points of inspiration for the collection?  I was looking at one specific love letter, which is dated August 23rd — my birthday, that Mary Shelley's husband sent to her. Then when he passed away, she rewrote it, and the rewritten version is at the library. That was the main graphic, and then I referenced for the styles that I was cutting a few original Parisian fashion magazines from the early 1800s, these little women's books. Then a diary-slash-entertainment book that a woman named Anne Wagner kept, and I created a dress using her entire book that I reprint. That dress now will be in the permanent collection of the Phorzheimer. They have bought it, and it'll be the only piece of contemporary clothing that exists in their archive, which is really wonderful. Those are the main things that I was focusing on visually.  Do you have a favorite piece from this collection? The jacquard triptych. The three-piece suit that had their love letters and embroidered into it was my favorite look. That garment is made with this new technology that I'm working on with a computer weaving company in California to be able to create jacquard garments with no wastage. That's how the Mary Shelley corset was also created. They normally create a lot of wastage to make that work.  Art plays an innate influence in your work. Do you prefer antiquity or modern art? It's a big mix in between. I don't think there's an art style that I don't like for the most part, but I'm not a big Surrealist fan. There are a few artists that I'm always thinking about, but I only look at historical art when it's when it pertains to a specific topic. I know the Smithsonian Institution in DC was an important gallery to you growing up. What's your favorite museum today? As a child, we went to that museum almost every summer in DC. There's a Vermeer room that was important to me, and the room about Alexander Calder in the Modern was significant for me as a kid. The feeling of uncanniness inspired me in his work. I recently went to the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum. That was probably the most fantastic art experience I've had because it's really beautiful to experience art of that nature and of that caliber on non-white institutional walls. What are some of your favorite art movements and painters? My favorite artist is Joseph Cornell, who created these incredible little boxes filled with objects. He dealt with melancholy, nostalgia, and love in the same way that I do. I have a soft spot for miniatures and small works of art. I am more inspired by the underpaintings of paintings than I am of the paintings themselves. The color palettes from my work are based on Versailles' underpaintings, which are black and white paintings that they do before they do the painting on top. Any of the artists in the Baroque time period did that a lot. I look at Baroque paintings and Baroque unfinished works of art quite often. I also look at Jasper Johns work a lot. Currently, there's an artist Jefferson Hayman. He's a photographer, and he does these really beautiful little photographs that are my current obsession. Your last two collections have focused on the use of muted colors. Why are you more drawn to grays and blacks, and do you plan on reintroducing color in future collections? I'm partially color blind, and managing all of those colors was very hard for me. I realized I was in a very different place at that point in time. The short answer is no; I won't be going back to color. I consider those first two collections iterations of me attempting to figure out what I wanted to make. Then the most recent collections are me telling the world what I am making and what I am planning to continue to make. Gray, black and white will always be the base, and I will softly incorporate beiges and taupes and rusts, and some kind of soft lilacs. Everything else will stay rooted in those colors. I also like that you could, in theory, take any piece from those collections and moving forward be able to put them together because colors will always match up. I think that's important for the people who look at the clothes and also wear them. How do you achieve your impeccable tailoring? What's your trial and error process like while developing silhouettes each collection? My suits are sewn by hand. They are quite meticulously sewn, and I make all of the patterns and samples.  I keep everything really structured, largely just because I'm drawn to those really aesthetic lines. It was more so a very long learning curve to have to teach myself how to sew a suit like that. I was looking at a lot of old designer suits who made stunning haute couture suits. That's where I learned how to make the ones that I make now. So what's next?  I'm launching e-commerce in the next month or so with some of our core styles and shapes. I am really focusing on the dress shirts. That's kind of everyone's favorite item from us. I'm currently in the Elaine Gold Launch Pad program, so lots of things to come through the CFDA and the EGLP. Then I am already starting the textile development process. The process is very long, and we create entirely new textiles every season, almost every textile is exclusive to the brand. I'm in the process of ideation and also agreements between what collection I'm going to be allowed to use next. There's a lot of logistical things with these collections, so I'm working on what collection I'll be using next. Clothing: Graham Tyler ‘The Origin of Failure’ Produced and Directed by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: Jack Belli Styled by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Mia Varrone Model: Inga Dezhina at Supreme Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Veronica Vilim, Luka Sabbat. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Frida Aasen, Laquan Smith, Daniela Braga, Robin Holzken. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Lion Babe. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Beau Jangless. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  LaQuan Smith. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA  Aamito Lagum. Photo by Jason Crowley at BFA Photo by Avi Gill Last Thursday, New York designer LaQuan Smith and cherub denim brand, Jordache, celebrated its capsule collection at Cipriani's private club, Socialista. Elsa Hosk, Luka Sabbat, Danielle Herrington, and Elisa Johnson, to name a few, sported their Jordache x LaQuan Smith looks as they wined, dined, and grooved to an impromptu performance by Lion Babe. The collaboration, displayed in Smith's Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, is inspired by the NYC nightlife, offering a fresh and reinterpreted version of Jordache's playful denim silhouettes. To view the full collection debuted in LaQuan Smith SS20 click here. Photo by Avi Gill Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Kelcie Schofield is the founder and designer of the contemporary clothing label, CIE Denim. Conceived in 2018, Kelcie fills a gap in her industry by reusing and reworking pre-existing denim as well as solidifying a new and less toxic manufacturing process. Whether it’s restructured silhouettes, deadstock materials, or Naveena Mills’ cutting edge Horizon fabric, CIE represents the future of manufactured denim in our increasingly destructive global climate.  In addition to responsible garments, Kelcie melds this effort with creative design applications— each piece one of a kind. With flipped pockets on the ankle hem, an upside-down jean fit, and color-blocked seams, each design reflects a unique twist on traditional denim norms. Post Spring/ Summer 2020 presentation, Flaunt spoke with Schofield to discuss the past, present, and future of CIE Denim. Tell us about the inception of CIE. CIE was started from our two core silhouettes - our upside-down jeans and shorts. I wanted to create an item that made heads turn (literally) but could also be worn day to day. How do you aim to be a new and unique voice in the industry of denim? Every piece we come out with should have something that gives it an extra spark. We’re here to make unique investment pieces that you feel good about buying.  How do you view sustainability as an essential component of the current fashion climate? That’s exactly how I view it - an essential component. Sustainability, for me, is a non-negotiable for any new business to find success in the current climate. Since I launched CIE in 2018, there has been a noticeable change in the industry and how customers view their clothing.  What are your efforts in regards to sustainability? Explain your “slow-fashion” philosophy. I have two sustainable mediums I work with right now. The first and the essence of what built CIE is reworked vintage. Even for our knits, we reworked Hanes T-shirts. Using fully recycled materials creates an exciting challenge for each style that I enjoy working through. For the sustainably manufactured denim that we source through Naveena Mills, we do fully “new” jeans made entirely from the Naveena fabric as well as combining the new fabric with vintage materials.  How do you believe denim will evolve in years to come? I think sustainability will continue to be a driving force in the denim industry. My hope is that companies established and emerging will embrace responsible practices. It’s slowly transitioning, but it’s not quite there yet.  What’s next for CIE? More learning and growing! We plan to push the brand into unexplored territories, whether it’s new materials or new silhouettes.  Clothing: CIE Denim SS20 Photography by: Phoenix Johnson Model: Lyn Hersh Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli.  Photographed by David Vassalli. Creative director Wil Beedle hosted an event in honor of AllSaints 25th anniversary.  Accompanied by musical guests such as Flaunt Fave Arsun Sorrenti, the night was a classic celebration at Chateau Marmont’s bungalow 1. Hoards of the coolest kids hung out chain smoking by the pool while a DJ set by Hateboy got the rocking crowd weirding out to some house tracks. The influence soaked crowd included Ariel Beesley, Bec Adams, Ally HilFiger, Amanda Steele, Eddie Mitsou, Gavin Turek, Finneas, Kate Parfet, Kilo Kish, Marta Pozzan, Rainsford, Salem Mitchell, Sara Cummings Zach VIlla, and a host of other Beauts. Photographed by David Vassalli. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The contemporary retail concept, Maiden Name, is the brainchild of Alix Freireich, and David Lê. While the founders met at Vassar College, they reunited to bridge a gap in the interconnected realm of e-commerce. With assistance from Jesse Hudnutt and Susan Lee, the four embark on a journey to reconnect the roots which link fashion and fine art.  Following a seasonal calendar, Maiden Name will organize its collections as an online, and interdisciplinary group show; showcasing exclusive artist collaborations alongside in-house women’s apparel. Like a chest full of curated gold, Maiden Name may hold the key to your future treasures.  In a recent conversation, Flaunt spoke with the founders to discuss the start of this forward-thinking, art formed, and eco-minded community. Tell us about the genesis of your retail concept, Maiden Name. Maiden Name really emerged out of our own sense that we didn't have a place where we loved to shop. It also came out of an acknowledgment that we spend a lot of time shopping and consuming media online, and those activities all seem to take place in the same dead, zombified e-comm context. So when we found ourselves with an opportunity to share work we love, made by people we love, alongside the apparel we make, it felt like there was an opening to use e-comm differently. We call ourselves "Maiden Name" because we want to highlight the people and stories (the "maiden names") that usually get erased when things enter the public sphere. And we wanted to keep this feminist gesture, insisting on a kind of independence, even as we credited those that came before us. Tihngs by Eric Oglander Photo by David Behl What are your thoughts on the link between fine art and fashion? We think about this a lot, in part because we need to protect the fine artists we work with, and an association with fashion can make their work seem trivial. That's just a fact, even though, by and large, we think it's bunk. We think of artist/designers like Sonia Delaunay, or photographers like Grete Stern and Ilse Bing, who all straddled the worlds of art and fashion and did great work (a full century before Sterling Ruby and Cindy Sherman!). That's why we highlight them on our Instagram @maiden.name.store. But we do recognize the need to let art and fashion excel on their own terms. We want to produce fashion that's technically perfect, that's beautiful. Our objects are freer, in some ways, to be about other things––they can be "about" history; they can be weird, or conceptual. What unifies everything is our sense of our customer's needs––they want beautiful, thoughtful, well-made clothes, and they want to collect beautiful, thoughtful, and well-made objects. What influenced the first womenswear collection? The collection draws on Alix's archival research, so it brings together 19th-century reference pieces and touches of the 1970s, modernized and rendered in high-quality materials. The Zoe Shirt, for example, is modeled on an Edwardian grandfather shirt that was still in great condition because it was made in silk. Ours is silk too, and we hope it also lasts a century. We describe the core concept as "70s Renaissance Fair," which sounds odd, but the end products are all meant to be totally wearable and versatile. We want them to be sexy and smart. And it felt like that was missing from what's out there now.   How does sustainability play a part in your collections? Sustainability is core to what we're trying to achieve. We make everything here in NYC, so it's a local supply chain. We use deadstock material, and because our production runs are so small, the wastage is minimal. More broadly, we need to slow consumption down (which is an odd thing for a fashion company to acknowledge). But we want customers to buy less and buy better. Our next step is to scale up in ways that will allow us to ensure sustainability from raw materials to end product. That's a challenge, particularly when you're small. You feature collaborative work with Paul Arnhold’s hand-blown glass and Eric Oglander’s collection of 19th and 20th-century folk art. What prompted the choice of these artists for your first collection?  Paul is a dear friend making very beautiful work here in Brooklyn. That was a no-brainer. We found Eric through his "Craigslist Mirrors" project (@craigslist_mirrors) his Instagram-based collection of images, sourced from Craigslist, of mirrors for sale. We thought that was brilliant. And his Tihngs project is too. Both Eric and Paul have such distinct points of view (and are making work that is almost diametrically opposed, formally). So they seemed like great partners to open the collection with. Indigo Vase by Paul Arnhold Photo by David Behl What are your favorite pieces from your inaugural collection? We love the Tamara Top. It almost verges into historical costume, but doesn't, and ends up being so cool. We also love the Tramp Box, which is sculptural, and modern, and old at the same time, and the Graffiti Vase, which is kind of a twisted take on Paul's other work. And we love the framed set of Leung Kui Ting prints––they look simple, but the more time you spend with them, the more you like them. That's always the real test when you collect.  How do you envision the growth of Maiden Name? I think first and foremost we want Maiden Name to build out the line beyond shirting. We also want to have more of a physical presence. It's hard to communicate something like the perfect fit, or the beauty of hand painting without having people see things in the real world. At the same time, we want to expand our digital presence and knit together a community, folding in our friends in Berlin (at the end of 2019) and then with more cities in 2020. Photography by: Matt Grubb Styling by: Gabriel Held Model: Fiffany Luu Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   While the fashion industry is backed by an insatiable appetite for the new, we find ourselves in a current climate of trying to stay well-fed, while simultaneously reminding ourselves the importance of sustainability. These three young designers have found a way to bring forth something innovative, while also holding themselves accountable. We have Bethany Williams, conceptualizing clothing with a focus on social issues, Christopher John Rogers, designing for those influencing radical change, and Emily Adams Bode, sourcing from the past to create something for the now. Interviewed by Mui-Hai Chu Photo courtesy Bethany Williams What drew to design? My love for fabric construction, and how design can be used to find solutions. I read your mom help knit and create pieces for you. Was she ever in fashion as well? She used to be a pattern cutter for factory in Liverpool,  and now she does soft furnishings and she also does my netting as well. Obviously your family is really important to you. You grew up in Liverpool?  I was born in Liverpool but then I grew up on the Isle of Man. It’s such a small tight-knit community. Loads of things are locally produced and there weren’t many main stores growing up. How do you describe your design process? It always starts with an issue I am trying to solve and then we work with a charity that tries to talk about that issue. What issues are you looking forward to promoting? I think for the next collection I’m working with a charity that makes temporary housing for women and children. Who would you say are your inspiration or muses? I love other designers like Walter Van Beirendonck I’ve been a massive fan girl for a while. Do you have any type of life inspiration outside of fashion? I do like artists like Egon Schiele. I really love his work. My inspiration is probably my family.  What do you think are the bigger challenges you face trying to be sustainable? I think sourcing is a massive one, as is pricing, and having things available. How do you decide to up-cycle a piece? How does the process come about?  It kind of depends on the project we’re doing. We will be doing the collection and there are staples that we always upcycle. I’m trying to introduce more and more. Where do you hope to see yourself in the next five years? I would like to start my own social manufacturing project in the UK. Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Bethany Williams Photo courtesy Bethany Williams Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy  Christopher John Rogers To start at the beginning, what drew you to design?  Anime, manga, and cartoons—especially people with special powers. The ability for clothing to help people self-actualize and to give them a newfound confidence. You grew up in Louisiana. What effect, if any, did growing up in the south have on your creative evolution?   A real sense of polish and refinement is found in the South – especially in the Black Church. Spending time with my mother and grandmother in church helped me curate an eye for the finish and cut of clothing and has been an inspiration for me ever since. How would you describe your design process?  I'd describe it as visceral. Although I try to be strategic, I'm ultimately extremely influenced by my intuition, emotion, and heavily inspired by color. As a recent graduate, what is the best advice you've received from your mentors at SCAD?  Work hard and stay true to yourself. There are always people that might be more talented or more privileged than you, but hard work and humility know no bounds.  Where do you find inspiration? Everywhere! Debris on the side of the street, mid-century couture, things my friends are wearing, et You've dressed people from Cardi B to Michelle Obama. Having worked with so many influential figures, is there a lasting moment with one that stands out to you the most?  To work with a woman that's equally revered for her intellect and passion, as well as her individualistic sense of style, is definitely a highlight. My family was also extremely proud of me, so that's a plus! Where do you see the fashion industry headed in the next 5 years?  A sense of increased accountability and transparency that's come with the proliferation of social media. I think we're going to see a complete upheaval of the traditional ways of showing and interacting with fashion. Tell us about your fall collection.  Stonehenge, quinceañeras, and Dr. Seuss. What's next?  Everything! We're working on our Spring 2020 collection and are also finalists for the CFDA Vogue Fashion Fund, so we're working our tails off! Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers Photo courtesy Christopher John Rogers Interviewed by Corrine Ciani  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Where are you from, and how has that made an impression on you creatively? I’m from Atlanta. My parents were from Massachusetts, so I spent a lot of time in Cape Cod. I have this juxtaposition of New England and the South. The effect Atlanta had on me was not only the southern hospitality, but a lot about celebrating craft and culture. Tell us about the moment you knew you wanted to become a designer.   In high school, I was taking extracurricular art classes, like how to draw, technical fashion. I also took a croquis drawing class, and it must’ve been junior year that I knew that I wanted to be a designer as a career choice. I went to Parsons for menswear design and I went to Eugene Lang for philosophy. In what ways does the study of philosophy and your interest in fashion design connect? I think it’s primarily the way that I come up with a narrative for the season, and what sorts of questions in culture—my culture, other people’s culture and tradition—should be asked and should be addressed. How to talk about the historical narrative around clothing, and dressing. You’re known for re-contextualizing materials in a lot of your garments, many of which are vintage textiles. How did you get into the textile portion of it? Since I was a little kid, I had been interested in buying antiques and all of the historical narratives alongside that. We would go to all of these antique markets in Atlanta, and flea markets in New England, in and around Massachusetts. Why design menswear? I went to school for it, but I’ve always been interested in designing for someone outside of myself. Tell us about your fall collection. That collection was inspired by a narrative around gallerist Todd Alden, who is an ephemera dealer in downtown New York. I worked with him and talked to him about his life, collecting, what sorts of things inspired him to collect, where he lives, history of that location, his family history, how he came to become a curator, and the moment he opened his own gallery. Where abouts do you find inspiration? Following the life of someone and their relationship to objects, the domestic space, and the traditions that have shaped their lifestyle. Do you ever see yourself getting into womenswear? Not right now. We have a bunch of stores that pick it up as women’s, but it is traditionally a menswear brand. In the future maybe we’ll have a different conversation around that. What’s next?  Right now, we’re working on production, but really building out our own manufacturing space. Most of the collections we make in New York is made in our own studio, so building that out is the next step.  Photo courtesy Emily Adams Bode Images courtesy Bethany Williams. Images courtesy Christopher John Rogers. Images courtesy Emily Adams Bode.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts.  Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. Photographed by Clare Gillen. Courtesy of Knorts. A brand that makes style, comfort, and practicability a priority while making sure to evoke confidence, Knorts recently launched a new collection called, Scarlet Knorts. Color is the main factor of enhancing the garments’ attributes. Traditionally, Knorts has used the color blue which represents calmness, coolness, stability, and reliability, which are all components of confidence and is the signature color of their denim wear.  Knorts’ new capsule collection, Scarlet Knorts, incorporates the feelings associated with the color red. This collection aims to evoke strength, warmth, comfort, love, and power into the customers’ everyday life. Befitting to their aim, these characteristics can also support the feeling of confidence. There are future plans to create more color capsules to keep both the brand and wearers in an emotional equilibrium. This launch is partially used to spread awareness about California fires with 10% of proceeds from the Scarlet Knorts collection being donated to fire aid services.  Shop the new collection here    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   As I walk in the flagship Messika store, I’m greeted with smiles, macarons and diamonds. Immediately I felt that I had entered a world of femininity and style. The pieces are beautiful and delicate, yet powerful. Messika is an iconic jewelry brand worn by celebrities like  Rhianna, Penelope Cruz, and even Serena Williams during her training session. Valerie Messika, founder of the brand, created the trend of “everyday diamonds.” Much of Valérie’s inspiration comes from art, playing with a Calder sculpture in her father's office, absorbing from his collection various details of line, movement, color, composition, which have shaped her overall sense of form and proportion. I got the opportunity to chat with Valarie and try on some of the most gorgeous pieces of jewelry I’ve ever seen.  Why did you choose LA for your flagship store?  We are a family business so we are very intuitive and organic on how we do our business. We met a partner here in Los Angeles called Westime. They are very strong in the jewelry and watch industry. They work with Richard Mille and Audemars Piguet. They are also strong with red carpets in Hollywood so we decided it would be a good idea to open our first flagship store here. What do you hope the new store will bring to the brand?  I’m so excited because I can smell that the Americans in this area love jewelry. But they want something easy to wear, cool and light. This is the Messika philosophy; bringing a coolness to wearing jewelry that is very fine and delicate.  The workmanship and quality of the diamond is the top, but it’s cool. You can enjoy it and wear it everyday or on a big occasion. You can mix it with a casual or sophisticated style.  What was it like having Kate Moss as a muse? The moment I launched my brand 15 years ago I knew she was my muse and inspiration. She's really iconic for me. She embodies femininity, fashion and style. When I launched my brand and the philosophy I wanted to break the traditional code of jewelry. It was made for big occasions, but I wanted to make it apart of fashion and style. That’s why women like Kate Moss are so strong for me.   How would you explain the woman in the street wearing Messika?  The strength of Messika is that the women wearing it range from 18 to 70 years old. I love when I see different types of women wearing it with different styles. It’s not that we are putting a logo on the woman. We can see the personality and the style they embody with the pieces. It’s not about how rich or strong you are. It’s about the feeling and attitude that you have with your own style. It gives you self-confidence.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   On Wednesday we celebrated Benetton’s new pop up shop in Santa Monica with prosecco and polaroids. Benetton Group is one of the best-known fashion companies in the world with a network of about 5,000 stores and a headquarters in Ponzano Veneto. The brand is known for its bright colors, the revolution of the retail outlet, and their unique sales network.  The new collections embody both the old and the new, featuring an exciting fusion of its classic colorful style with its newer streetwear-inspired elements. The artistic direction of Jean-Charles de Castelbajac, who is known for his iconic teddy bear coat worn by Madonna and portraits of Andy Warhol, shines through the recent collections. He recently united with the Benetton Group earlier this year, which was announced at Milan Fashion Week. He announced backstage that “The DNA of Benetton and mine have many similarities…this meeting between us is happening at the right moment, too, because this idea that desirable things can be of good quality and be affordable to many people is very interesting now…Benetton has been sleeping a little bit. But it has all this sleeping potential. And its base is very strong.”  Bring some color into your life and visit the pop up open from October 25 through November 24th!  Santa Monica Place Floor 1  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Courtesy Hublot With Halloween around the corner, Hublot stirred the cauldron to create a sapphire and emerald green Big Bang MP-11 watch. To give it its unique shade of green (not quite emerald and not quite sapphire), they used a material that has never been used in a watchcase. The material is called SAXEM, which is short for sapphire aluminum oxide and rare earth material. It is a mixture of aluminum oxide (the basic component of sapphire) with rare-earth elements like thulium and holmium.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   KAIMIN is the raising utopian brand initiating the posterity of attire. With a foundation of innovation and inclusivity, the namesake designer may well be sent from the future— sent back a couple of hundred years to propel the industry forward. Harnessing the power of the digital space, and the resourcefulness of sustainability, KAIMIN crafts intergalactic garments with a cunning dose of raunchiness. In a recent interview, Flaunt spoke with the avant-garde designer to discuss the evolution of the label, cyberspace, and the forecast of tech-induced fashion.  Tell us about the creation of the brand with your business partner Dmitri Pchelintsev. My initial foray into clothing design came in 2014 with the Zero Zero Vol. 02 project – a multi-sensory, high-tech video popup exhibition with an installation by Snarkitecture, which I was the protagonist of and also directed alongside stylist Nicola Formichetti and photographer Miles Aldridge. We had the honor of presenting the Vol. 02 book at my beloved Paris store, Colette. As part of that project, I created a stand-alone clothing capsule for the female character, and a very prominent singer ended up wearing some of my pieces in her music video. I felt compelled to create a full collection, and my very good friend Dmitri, who helped produce that very pivotal Zero Zero project, really believed in me as a designer, so we formed the KAIMIN label together in 2016. Dmitri is a creative marketer and business operator who happens to have a very strong background in finance, having spent many years at some of Wall Street's premier institutions investing in renewables, green-tech, and sustainability. Having helped grow several tech-enabled startups, he now oversees all of KAIMIN's business strategy and operations, while leading our expansion as a digitally-native brand, including the recent launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line.  How have innovation and inclusivity played essential roles in the brand? Innovation and inclusivity go hand-in-hand for me, as tolerance for new and crossover ideas breeds progress. KAIMIN leans heavily on technology in everything we do, and aesthetically we work with all types of creatives, communities, and personalities because anyone can uncover something new and beautiful, irrespective of age, race, and gender.  Besides using innovative materials, production techniques, and data analytics, the brand benefits from social media's global reach and the unprecedented direct access to talent that it affords. The Internet is a boundless creative nursery of young innovators that come from all different realms, including art, fashion, music – we love and fully utilize this cross-functionality. I grew up an outlier in a homogeneous society, so I feel my clothes have to speak to things beyond style and promote ideals that are important to me, including social and economic inclusivity, as I feel everyone deserves a voice. In addition to connecting through unrestrained creativity, I try to make items that are more accessible, including from an economic standpoint, and which still adhere to my design and high-quality philosophy – we launched SLFF KAIMIN exactly for this. What facets of New York's underground scene make appearances in your garments? The New York underground scene has this alluring aura of the forbidden, with sexier and darker undertones and the sense of a risque adventure that is addicting. During our SS20 show, for instance, we contrasted the primarily bright and colorful collection with a very dark and sexy setting, aiming for the set design to evoke a feeling of an underground party with red backlighting and a minimal, heavy electronic soundtrack. NYC subculture is edgy, extremely diverse, and creative and demonstrates some of the greatest social acceptance anywhere in the world, which really allows me to meld it with high fashion in a fun way. I love working with established as well as cool new, up-and-coming artists and personalities that grew up in this environment— I draw a lot of inspiration here for my design, music, lifestyle, and the overall direction for KAIMIN. The digital world is a key influence to the brand, hence your Fall/ Winter 2019 collection, "2081: CYBER-ORDINARY". What were your main inspirations and references for that season? Our Fall/ Winter 2019 collection explored archetypes of future beauty and was heavily influenced by such films as Blade Runner and Ex-Machina, specifically their protagonists – androids and cyborgs. I'm a total believer in the eventual symbiosis of man and machine.  In large part, that collection was about defeating the mundane and exploring and strengthening that which sets one apart, no matter the era. If today's fever pitch around privacy, sexual correctness, censorship, etc. ever leads to a dystopian control of self-expression, I'd want my clothes to declare: "when the extraordinary is outlawed, only the outlaws will be extraordinary." What's your view on cyberspace and it's distraction from the real world? I think we're in uncharted waters, and we won't be able to properly assess how good or bad this "distraction" from the real world is for a while, if ever. The cyber is already the real. There are definitely multiple ways to look at this, and it's certainly also a generational thing— just look at the debate around "screen time" for kids among young parents and scientists and the interesting arguments presented by media proponents, including Gary Vaynerchuk. All I know is that this is the manifestation of human progress, and there's no way back regardless, but to me, the benefits outweigh the potential hazards. We are now superbly equipped for improved communication and increased input – although, where the quality of consumed content, general overexposure, and the "3-second" wars are going is a different question.  For KAIMIN, Elon Musk's Neuralink can't arrive fast enough! What were your conceptions involving the recent Spring/ Summer 2020 collection, "INTROSPECTIVE PRISM"? This season, our main collection shared the runway with the launch of our SLFF KAIMIN denim line, which celebrates self-confidence and self-expression. The overall creative direction was influenced by the sub-conscience theories of Sigmund Freud and films like Annihilation, aiming to expose inner fears to release suppressed identity and desires— literal empowerment through self-discovery.  The collection explores two distinct notions for evolution of human form – through technology and through biological mutation. From the outside, the driver is mechanical – artificial furthering of self via machine. From the inside, the driver is bio-spiritual-- the natural furthering of self via selective mutation of flesh and mind— a physical metamorphosis through the unrestrained self. This season's motto is: "Introspective Prism – Refract all versions of self, Mutate desire and identity, Evolve in spirit and form." With our current climate reality, how do you plan to focus the brand on a more sustainable level? Being on the cutting edge is important to us to both achieve a futuristic design and to help push progress, validating applications of new technologies. We always keep an eye on the new tech that has shown promise in helping to lower the environmental impact of manufacturing, and we try to do our part by using many recycled, sustainable, and organic materials, including Better Cotton Initiative fabrics in our SLFF KAIMIN denim line. As we grow, we will continue to place greater emphasis on better production practices, safer materials, and less waste. Explain some of the laser cutting, production techniques, and 3-D print experiments that are implemented throughout your garment construction process. KAIMIN utilizes quite a bit of technology for manufacturing, content production, and branding, including 3D printing, laser cutting, digital art, AR/VR, motion tracking, etc. and we always seek to emphasize our future-forward thinking in our designs. For garment construction, we use some techniques because they create unexpected and groundbreaking visual results, while other methods actually make sense from a time and capital-intensity perspective.  We're pushing the brand's tech boundaries with the "Stratasys x KAIMIN" 3D-Print Denim Capsule Collection— the first time ever an industrial-quality 3D geometry is printed directly onto denim. We designed the intricate CGI geometry, multi-depth opacity, and colormap in collaboration with Fitchwork to make the final print. Stratasys are pioneers in the additive manufacturing space and have some of the most advanced 3D printing technology in the industry, accompanied by an inherent desire to experiment and come up with something new and cool. They wish to make everyday life better by bringing 3D printing technology to a greater part of the world faster and disrupting the fashion realm is quite big on the radar of Stratasys global creative director, Naomi Kaempfer— so what better way to help assimilate and democratize the tech for clothing than with one of the most common garments, jeans! How do you envision the future of fashion norms? I'd like to think that the future will bring abundance and innovation not just in the material sense but also in our culture and thinking, where humans will finally reach total equilibrium with nature, and each other— no prejudices— and KAIMIN clothing is but one way to represent this future. Like everything else in our society, fashion will continue to be transformed by technology, faster and more accessible information transfer, and diverse global audiences. This, of course, means a lot will change in fashion's tangible areas, like materials with never-before-imagined physical properties, more efficient production techniques, the continued proliferation of smart garments, and increased expectations of what clothing should do for the body and mind. But, to me, the most interesting changes are already occurring on the more intangible, creative side. People's unprecedented ability to communicate who they are has opened up new frontiers. In only a few years, social media exposed how varied yet similar and interconnected different cultures' tastes are, and how people of all walks of life can become influential by traversing these different planes. Being skilled in multiple areas has become the norm for many young creatives today, and this 'polymathism' affects fashion a lot. There are so many cross-functional innovators out there, and fashion definitely benefits from this, becoming more interesting and multifaceted.  What's next for KAIMIN? KAIMIN's mission is to keep innovating ourselves and keep collaborating with people that push the boundaries across the various artistic disciplines and product segments. We want to be more cross-functional and would love to do more than just fashion, even if it's in a more non-permanent format like seasonal collaborations. I wish to meet and inspire more people and to learn from them so we can all come up with a never-before-seen symbiosis of unlikely fields that not only is cool but also could change lives for the better and bring signature KAIMIN flavor to people in more than one way. With that said, I hope to continue building our artistic community and form a creative confluence platform – a culture nebula for local and global artists – to support innovation. To that end, we have already established an endowment fund some time ago, via our Zero Zero Project initiative, which periodically disperses funds to help finance targeted projects. And in that same vein, KAIMIN presented the SS20 show in collaboration with Studio 525, an iconic exhibition & event space housed in the former Andrea Rosen Art Gallery in Chelsea, as the inaugural project for Studio 525 Art Accelerator, which has a very similar vision to ours and aims to provide a physical place for work and showcases to artists and the creative community in general. Produced by: Morgan Vickery Photography by: : Franco Velastiqui Art Direction by: Delfina Pia Rey Styling by: Noah Diaz Hair by: Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co Makeup by: Kevin Cheah Model: Cassie Priestley at Next Models. Styling assistance by: Sabrina Aguirre and Mila Sanguinetti  Credits: FW19 KAIMIN clothing, and GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI heels. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. MAX MARA dress, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. SIMONE ROCHA dress and earrings, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ANDREA FOHRMAN ring, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring. VERSACE dress, earrings, and rings and AGENT PROVOCATEUR underwear. ETRO dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, B-LOW THE BELT belt, and NANCY NEWBERG earrings. HALPERN dress, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI ring, and ERINESS ring. MAX MARA sweater and dress, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace, and ALAIN MIKLI sunglasses. PREEN BY THORNTON BREGAZZI dress, B-LOW THE BELT belt and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings. ALESSANDRA RICH dress and necklace and MIU MIU earrings all available at MatchesFashion.com, and NANCY NEWBERG rings. AGENT PROVOCATEUR slip dress, JIMMY CHOO shoes, stylist’s own tights, ATELIER SWAROVSKI necklace and ring, ALINA ABEGG earrings, and STATE PROPERTY pearl ring. ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER dress and scarf, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, and ATELIER SWAROVSKI earrings and ring. PALOMO SPAIN jacket available at Please Do Not Enter, LA, ALINA ABEGG ring, and MISHO earring. Photographer: Vince M. Aung.  Model: Inga Dezhina. Stylist: Mui-Hai Chu.  Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co. & Oribe Hair Care at Nest Artists.  Makeup: Natasha Severino using NARS Cosmetics at Forward Artists.  Production, Photo, and Styling Assistant: Corrine Ciani Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Being Sustainably responsible in 2019 now means making some changes with how designers are choosing their resources. The female founders behind 42|54 and long time friends Elodie Ouedraogo and Olivia Borlee are both Belgian Gold metal athletes, and now business partners who strongly believe in that type of fashionably responsible involvement. It took them two a clean 42.54 seconds to win a Silver Medal at the Olympic Games in Beijing 2008. That Silver medal turned into Gold, when the winning team was disqualified due to a failed drug test. It was abundantly clear that dirty athletes have no place in sports. That’s when the Gold medalists decided they wanted to make a change. “Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes!” The contemporary active label launched its first 100% sustainable FW19 capsule collection  made of plastic bottles and recycled ocean waste. They believe that great design should also be sustainable. The brand teamed up with renowned textile companies who propose fabrics made from a fiber called SEAQUAL and NEWLIFE recycled from ocean plastics to create the new high-end "made from waste" active wear line that asserts the modern streetwear appeal.  The founders make a conscious effort to be an honest and transparent brand, by largely working with local manufacturers and suppliers.  Elodie and Olivia’s next steps will also be 100% sustainable using organic yarns working with GOTS (Global Organic Textile Standards) certified factories, hang tags produced with recycled paper along with recycled fabrics developed with fibers using the oceans waste and plastic bottles. They both are devoted to giving a second life to stock and leftover fabrics from previous productions along with biodegradable packaging. The The fashion-forward duo provide advanced functionality while calling themselves a "100% sustainable company in the way we work, produce, and live." Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. What was your biggest fear about starting your own line? We believe there are a lot of similarities between the world of sports and fashion. It is about being fearless,  following the process put in place while listening to your gut feeling at the same time to achieve the absolute best. It is about taking a leap of faith in yourself, your partner and your idea. For us creating an activewear collection that was high-end, transcendent  and made in honest and transparent conditions Felt like a void that needed to be filled within our community. There was a clear vision, which was bring some fun and fashion back into the world of sports without ignoring the functional and technical side of the garments. When we decided to launch 42|54, a reference to our winning time during the 2008 Olympics, we didn't really think about it as we both love a great challenge. We just jumped, head first.  There was a lack of experience. (We had both been guest designers for other brands, but came quickly to the realization that this doesn't even come close to owning and managing a brand.)  With that lack of real experience sometimes came also the fear of not being taken seriously. In the beginning we went probably over prepared into ever meeting we had. Not only out of respect for the person sitting in front of us, but also because we wanted to show that we were serious about entrepreneurship.  That we understood that there are no shortcuts to success Initially we also didn't communicate a lot about our backstory either. We didn't want to be perceived as two women who were the faces of the brand, while having an entire team waiting in the back to do the real and hard work. From the beginning we sourced every fabric, button, zipper, label or elastic band you'll find in our collection. Through (sometimes) expensive mistakes and failure we learned a lot. And today we are an authentic brand and a viable business because of it. Aside from the activewear, what other sustainable efforts are being practiced within your company? 42|54 has always been mindful of how and where we produce. After having represented our country in the best way possible in sports it only seemed logical to carry out the strong identity and values that Belgium has created with 'The Antwerp Six' in the world of fashion. We worked a lot with local suppliers. This put our brand already at a 50% of sustainability, solely based on the business decisions we made from the very beginning. Last year we were able to evolve in our sustainable journey by replacing already locally created fabrics by sustainable ones. We also adapted our online service by working with Repack. Repack is a company that offers reusable bags. For every bag clients return to us after their purchase, they receive a small discount. We on the other hand can recover the packaging for a new customer. Additionally we switched to biodegradable labels, we don't use plastic bottles in the office and work with a cleaning company that only uses natural and biological cleaning products. All the employees who live in Brussels, where we are based, walk or take their bike to work.  What was the moment or person that inspired you to produce your own line? We have always looked up to and been inspired by strong female athletes and more so in the 80's and 90's. These were absolute fun times where athletes didn't only stand out with their extraordinary performances, but also by the way the dressed on the field. Women like Florence Griffith and Jackie Joyner-Kersee wore leotards, belted bodysuits, one-legged  and lace leggings. They highlighted their personalities with exciting, daring activewear.  But of course we don't have to look too far. We are surrounded by strong women. Our mothers, sisters, friends and colleagues. 42I54 is built by women, who work very hard every day to create the best possible collection for women. Our sustainable mission on the other hand comes from a very personal experience.  We initially won a silver medal during the Olympic Games in 2008. Eight years later that silver eventually turned into gold when that winning team was disqualified due to substance abuse discovered during a large series of retesting.  This had a major impact on the on athletes worldwide. And while many of us became strong advocates for clean, drug free sports we are less outspoken when it comes to clothes we wear while performing. We felt this too has to change.  Clean athletes should also wear clean clothes.  Sportswear made in honest conditions and without the environmental strain it has today. We can no longer only applaud recognition and financial gain while wearing our low cost shirts. Because someone, somewhere is suffering because of it. Photographed by Mous Lamrabat. Just for fun, what are your zodiac signs? Aries and Pisces What are you wanting to accomplish in 2020 with 42|54? It has always been our goal to become the brand that serves as today’s personal survival-kit and Wonder Woman cape all wrapped into one fashion-forward label for all women. 42|54 is for the young women we help through our 'Athlete Ambassador Program'. By supporting them with well made performance gear, we support their dreams of one day becoming professional athletes. Often big brands want to see results first and will later support in anyway possible. We believe talent need’s to be nurtured when  personal budgets are insignificant or non-existent. Today we are proud to announce that 3 women from our ambassadors program will participate in next year’s Olympic and Paralympic Games. We are most definitely also the go-to brand for women who like to have something that is different. Today many women try and balance a career, family and personal time. Finding an outfit that accommodates that lifestyle can be quite the search. The idea to have a legging that has the advanced functionality you'd expect from activewear, yet the high-end look and feel that makes it chic enough to wear outside the gym is very appealing to a lot of women. A winning combination we can offer to our women as we can pull from our own experience and expertise. On top of the need to be unique or different, women want to be informed on what they are putting both in and on their bodies today. Furthermore we would like to continue to develop our sustainable journey and dress as many great women in the US as we possibly can.  We had the opportunity to visit LA recently and it is inspiring to see how a city has succeeded into merging sports into the everyday life. It embodies the definition of an 'active lifestyle'. What were your childhood ambitions? Elodie: I always wanted to be a hairdresser or own my own cafe. That was until I realized that being a bar owner entails more than just serving great coffee. Olivia: I wanted to be a florist. I think I have always been inspired by beauty and making beautiful things. In what place are you the happiest? Most productive? The school of Sports is a great one to graduate from. Being professional athletes has taught us many life lessons. It teaches you to be independent,  winning, losing and how to persevere. Through our careers as professional athletes we have had the privilege of seeing a part of the world and experiencing different cultures and people. We are very appreciative that to this day we get to travel for work from time to time and see our designs come to life in our factory. Funnily enough, the traveling in the past also taught us the importance of home. And how it remains the happiest place for us. It is also where we get most creative. Before we were able to rent our own office space we used to work out of the kitchen. Today we still come up with the best ideas when we are surrounded by the feeling of familiarity. So thank God for WhatsApp these days. How do you live a sustainable life outside of the company? It is important to stress that we are by no means green warriors or examples of how to live a sustainable life. But we 100% get the message and understand the urge to react today. We all have different battles to fight in life but we are convinced that with little effort we can already make  a big difference. A few changes that we have made:  -no to fast fashion; buying less clothes and smarter -no more plastic bottles and additionally be more mindful of the use of plastic in general -buying fresh and seasonal fruit and vegetables instead of pre-packed food,  -reusing the same bag instead of buying a new one for groceries,  -sort trash -the use of natural cosmetics -leave our cars in the garage if not needed  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe in 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff Published for the first time and celebrating 50 years since the works were created, ‘DESIRE’ by Lloyd Ziff documents New York City in the late 1960s. Ziff’s work captures a New York teeming with fantasy and rebellion. The book tells a story of cultural resistance through Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe.  ‘DESIRE’ was the first photo shoot that Patti and Robert had together. The two of them were photographed in their Hall Street Space in Brooklyn in 1968 and in Ziff’s small apartment in the heart of Greenwich Village in 1969. The book features 65 previously unpublished works including street photographs, original contact sheets, and notes that form the history around 1960s New York and the lives of these two iconic figures. The intimacy between the two paints a picture of the city at this time, pushing their icon status aside to view the city with a more personal lens. 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff 'DESIRE' by Lloyd Ziff “I myself never felt comfortable doing anything with the pictures. Then in 2009 Patti phoned and asked me for permission to publish two of the Hall Street portraits in JUST KIDS, the first portraits of them together she noted. 41 years had passed. . . Robert and Patti had become legendary. Robert and I had remained friends until he died in 1989, and I had enjoyed commissioning and publishing photographs of his when I was the Design Director of House & Garden, Vanity Fair, and Condé Nast Traveler in the ’80s. Now it’s been 50+ years since I happened to see Robert and Patti crossing the street near their place in Brooklyn. The photographs we shot then are, as are all photographs, documents of a particular moment in time. They have also become documents of a time when two of America’s most important artists were very young, very beautiful, and very ambitious. It amazes me to share those moments from so long ago today.” – Lloyd Ziff, 2019 100 “Strictly Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff, with a “Limited Edition” signed and numbered C-Type print. 500 “Limited Edition” signed and numbered books by Lloyd Ziff. Available now Photos courtesy of Lloyd Ziff and Avenue Communications  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker. HOUSE OF CB dress, GUCCI GOTH BY SAV NOIR top, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, and OUTHOUSE JEWELLERY earrings and choker.  FALGUNI SHANE PEACOCK bodysuit, HARDEMAN chaps, BUSTED BRAND gloves, PLANET I sunglasses, and MELODY EHSANI earrings and DALMATA choker. It’s been just over a year since Doja Cat’s “Mooo!” swept the screens of millions across the globe. And unless you’ve been living under a rock, the American singer, rapper and producer begs no further introduction. With that said, in case you have in fact been dwelling beneath stone, then you should know that the future of music is Doja’s for the taking. With her 2018 claim-to-fame music video sitting atop 50M views on YouTube, and her most recent visual release for “Juicy,” featuring Tyga, breaking 20M in two weeks, the musician’s growth is unshakeable, having cemented her place through sweet sonics and visuals that pack a punch. As she so bluntly claims over the phone from her apartment in Los Angeles, “It’s only the beginning. I feel like I really know who I am and what I’m doing with my next project.” The bovine-style music video released last August would eventually flourish into a viral meme. “I didn’t mean for ‘Mooo!’ to get as big as it did,” she admits. “I had more serious music to put out, I’d been working on so much other stuff, but once I put the cow costume on, I had to do it. It was the only way I could get it out of my head,” she explains. Within days of the abrupt upload to YouTube, the video had racked millions of views. The dairy dreamscape was by no means Doja’s introduction to the music industry. In fact, she had been signed to RCA Records since 2014, after the successful release of her debut single, “So High.” From there, she followed up with several tracks, including “Go To Town,” off of her debut studio album in 2018. “Before ‘Mooo!,’ we hadn’t really gotten any viral hits, or had any hits, period. We were doing okay, but things weren’t at their fullest potential. That was the most significant part about ‘Mooo!’ going where it did—it allowed all my other work to have a foundation and have a pull.” Taking a moment to consider the past whirlwind year, she reasons, “Since ‘Mooo!’ blew up, it’s been kind of non-stop. I don’t know if it’s really allowed me to reflect, but I feel like I’ve refined my style and refined who I am. I kind of have to have the spotlight on me.” MATT SARAFA coat and GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses. MATT SARAFA coat, ABODI bodysuit and boots, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and NOÄ earrings. The spotlight she speaks of shines focused and fixed, with no intention of moving elsewhere, but as a consistent subject of such recognition, Doja Cat has experienced two sides to the coin that is internet fame. Since its inception, the Internet has proven an untamable beast, and the environment it has bred has developed twice as feral. Through public domains like Tumblr to TikTok, and YouTube to Twitter, a vast stretch of subcultures and trends have been cultivated. On opposite poles of this digital sphere, there stands viral fame and cancel culture. It’s no secret that the musician has faced multiple controversies regarding comments she’s made online, and it’s even less of a secret that the public is quick to mobilize on social media. After old tweets resurfaced of the artist using derogatory terms towards other rappers, a rallied audience of critics made it its mission to take her down. Admittedly hurt by some of the criticisms, she reasons, “I’m not invincible, I do get hurt by some comments. I’m not superhuman.” Immediately requiting, she follows up with, “But being raised on the Internet gives me the ability to know how to deal with negativity most of the time.” Then, at once in a final stride, she claims of her presence online, “It’s just a small portion of my life.” And just like that, if we’ve learned anything in 2019, it’s that you can’t cancel Doja Cat. HARDEMAN top, thong, and hat, BUFFALO LONDON shoes, GIANT VINTAGE sunglasses, and DALMATA necklace. Fresh off the release of a new music video with LunchMoney Lewis for “Make That Cake,” while still riding the success of “Juicy,” she’s traveling cross country for performances and appearances on a weekly basis. In the age of virality, such sustainability is impressive. That said, she’s in no way the first artist to have a viral hit catapult their work to an unfamiliar stratosphere of celebrity, and certainly not the last. We’ve seen fellow musical phenoms like Mason Ramsey and Megan Thee Stallion reap the benefits of a trending tweet and hashtag or two. Could it just be that we’re experiencing the dawning of a new age in music? An educated guess would reason, yes. With democratized media-sharing platforms like Spotify and SoundCloud, there’s been an inevitable boom in bedroom pop-stardom. Not only that, but with the increasing irrelevance of labels across younger generations, classification proves less important in not only topics of gender, but music, too. Lines blur across styles nowadays, with artists coloring the outsides more than ever. In attempts to maintain order through categorical standards, we see the term “Alternative” tacked onto the classic genres we’ve come to know. I LOVE PRETTY skirt. I LOVE PRETTY skirt and BUFFALO LONDON shoes. Prompted to describe her forthcoming record, Hot Pink, in three words, she replies with little to no hesitation: “Too. Many. Genres.” Declining a subscription to any one breed of song, the response points to her exploration of sound, a progression of her euphony, and the future of music. “My last record is a lot different from this one because I didn’t understand what it was to be in the studio and in an environment where there’s a bunch of musical equipment,” Doja shares, candidly. “I was young, I was a teenager and I really didn’t know who I was. My character wasn’t really shining the way it does now. I can tell you Hot Pink is one of the best things I’ve done, the best project I will have ever released.” Then, implored to divulge more about the release in detail, she retracts to the previously implemented three-word limit: “Super, duper, mystery.” So while Doja—who won the world over with an onomatopoeia in 2018—makes a favorable case for the future of music today, her own music remains as ambiguous as it does full of promise. Photographed by: Julian Buchan.  Styled by: Katie Qian.  Hair: Frankie Payne using Oribe at Opus Beauty.  Makeup: Jadyn Ngo using Surratt Beauty and Artisbrush.com at The Visionaries. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj Photos by Steven Klein Think metallic, high-end glamour with a neon pink accent. Think barbie doll in outer-space. This iconic FENDI and Nicki Minaj collaboration is the perfect combination of bold yet sophisticated.  Teaming up with Silvia Venturini Fendi, the duo created the next chapter of the FF Series with a line for women’s, men’s and kids: FENDI Prints On. Nicki is known for her body-hugging clothing and most of the line is just that, but she beautifully contrasts it with leisurewear and classy pieces. With the FF logo covering the majority of the print, this line is nothing but eye-catching.  They took staple pieces that everyone needs in their wardrobe and added their own flare to it such as:  tulle dresses, reversible puffer coats, asymmetric body-con dresses, raincoats with leather sleeves, silver tracksuits, bomber jackets with knitted sleeves and metallic windbreakers.  This collection would not be complete without some daring accessories, and that is exactly what they have provided us. They have everything from sequined bags and fanny packs to customized snow boots and wedge trainers. These accessories will take any outfit to the next level.  They went above and beyond and created a collection that embodied Nicki’s personality along with high-end fashion and street style.  The FENDI Prints On capsule collection will be sold in 52 FENDI boutiques worldwide and on fendi.com from October 14th.  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj   Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj  Fendi Prints On x Nicki Minaj                    Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   69 shirt, JEAN PAUL KNOTT pants available at Please Do Not Enter, and NIKE shoes.   Brooklyn born and LA based producer and artist, Kingdom, is bringing back is clubby and unique dance music to the industry. With two new EPs, the first one called “EXTERRA, Vol. 1,” on the way and an album coming in 2020, he is back in the realm of dance music, but keeping true to his innovative style.  All the way from the east coast, Kingdom was booked to perform in LA in the early 2000s, which gave him a foot in the door to the west coast’s music scene. From here, he has continued to expand his musical capacity and does not abide by genres or any type of limitation; with experimental taste and a desire to create, he strives to generate music that he loves and that the audience can appreciate/value.  He was kind enough to join me for a phone interview in which I asked many questions, hoping to find out more about him as a person and his career.  I know that Nacho Nava kind of helped bring you to LA, how did he influence you? I was DJing a lot in New York, but he was the first person to put me on a flight and bring me to the west coast to DJ. I think that the influence he really has is that he was putting people on like me who didn’t have any other shows or have a lot of hype or a lot of press or anything like that. He really just believed in the new talent and was always just so generous with that regardless of how well the show did or anything like that. It was really just like he was excited to put people on and it never seemed like it was something he was doing for his own to serve his own interest. It really was something he was doing for the community in LA. Specifically, influential in creating a really special scene on the eastside of LA. I think most people will associate like the gay scene with the west side, West Hollywood scene, which is so specific and there really wasn’t much going on on the eastside maybe a couple bars, but he was the first to create a really vibrant night life scene that involved art and dance and all different kinds of Djs of all different races, but also it wasn’t just a community vibe, it was also like he was bringing really really good music and reall really amazing performers, so it also drew in just from straight people music fans who knew that Mustache would have more edgy stuff, so it wasn’t just creating an alternative it was also just about quality. He had such a good eye for innovative stuff.  FENG CHEN WANG jacket available at Please Do Not Enter and ALLIGATOR JESUS bracelet. What was it like working with Nacho Nava cause I know you guys were working on a Netflix show together. Working with him was always a pleasure. He was always just so sweet so generous and he was just a great figure and really supportive of my label and my parties too. He would always, without me even asking, support a face of mine or event that I was doing that had nothing to do with Mustache. He was always so sweet. More recently, that’s actually kind of why the music video is dedicated to Nacho because basically I met the video director through Nacho. Nacho put us together in a conference call and basically we started talking and they had planned to bring some type of documentary for Netflix about kind of the more alternative more POC side of LA nightlife, specifically gay nightlife and queer nightlife. It was really just in the early stages of talk. We really didn’t get it off the ground, but Shahana, the director, was gonna obviously be on the director’s side and working on the shots and the camera stuff and all that. They wanted me to come in and add music to it, but essentially throw in some different raves and help bring in music so that we could create some events to film because there’s not, sadly there’s not a lot of footage of a lot of the old Mustache parties. They’re relatively undocumented, so that was the idea, but I think when he passed Shahana felt like it didnt’t make sense to pursue it still. It really was Nacho’s project. It was really just a conversation, but even just that concept was inspirational and meeting the director is kind of what spawned us to create the music video together in honor of him.  It seems like Nacho has been really influential to kind of your start here in LA and the music scene, but has he influenced your work at all kind of like maybe the beats you decide to use or the music has he influenced any of it? Since he’s not a musician or DJ himself I wouldn’t say it’s a direct influence on the actual sound. I’d say he’s more of an influence when it comes to throwing parties and bringing people together in the community and just showing people kindness and more of the things I spoke about a moment ago. Just about the social element of music more than the sound exactly, but I know the sound he likes and I think he had an appreciation for the sounds I work with.  MEALS shirt and pants. How does it feel to be in the genre again? It feels really good. I feel like with my last album Tears in the Club I was in a very kind of like atmospheric moody RnB space and ever since that album came out I’ve been doing more vocal production, working with singers, and I worked really hard launching the new singer that signed to Fade to Mind called Semma, so I’ve been really in that zone of creating something for vocalists and when I’m doing that I sometimes put aside exactly the Kingdom sound and I’m trying to create a universe for the singer that gives them a unique identity. It’s just a totally different assignment. It’s a different thing and it’s a different lifestyle too. It’s a lot of hours spent helping singers songwrite and it definitely tested my patience a lot of the time because I’ve spent quite a bit of time with several vocalists making demos for their projects and singers make hundreds of demos to test their project. A lot of time your beat doesn’t get picked or they go in a different direction or sometimes the vocalist is just caught up in other stuff and they don’t even release something. I might have been so in that world, so it was really refreshing to just kind of stop accepting bookings to do vocal sessions and I think it was kind of a reaction to doing all those vocal sessions that made me really want to just get back into my more ravey, clubby, housey references and it’s kind of also where I started. My first release ever, “Mind Reader,” was very kind of hard, weird, dance stuff, so I’m kind of going back and starting from scratch and starting from the beginning again and it just feels really good. I’m just excited to put stuff that’s more high energy and I’m DJing a lot right now, so it’s exciting to just play things that I can blend and just be kind of weird again cause I think working with vocalists it’s a lot more compromises, a lot more catering to them.  Do you have any inspirations for creating music, like are there any other artists that you look towards to or does everything just come from within? There’s definitely artists I look up to. Sometimes I freeze with the question because there’s so many that I have. I would have to say Rod Lee, Terror Danjah, and Darkchild. YOSHIO KUBO jacket and stylist’s own glasses. Would you ever mix different genres together like if you did RnB and dance music? Or is that something that you’ve already ventured into before?   Even though I do make some fully RnB sounding stuff, I kind of think that’s really what I’m known for even though the new stuff is pretty clubby, but I think you can still hear these little shreds of like the vocal stuff, the vocal samples. I think that RnB element is always there. That’s pretty much my mission, either I’m weaving back and forth or I’m weaving them together just kind of RnB sound with the club sound. For the next volume, I’m making another volume of the EXTERRA series and that one’s either gonna have more of the vocal stuff in it and I’m also working on my next album. I’ve got a lot of homework right now. I’m bringing in more vocal stuff as it progresses from my EP to my next album.  In regards to the vocal production, is there anything you look for in an artist when you want them to be on one of your songs? I love weird vocal textures. I just love when someone has a baby voice or has a strange croaky texture or has certain types of node that they like to hit. Just something that sets it apart because there’s so many people that sound so similar. And someone who’s not afraid of intense rhythm cause I think a lot of singers come from the studio wanting a really simple beat or something that sounds like their favorite, you know, Ella Mai song or like H.E.R. song or maybe a Corella song they heard or something, so I think someone who is down to get experimental and doesn’t mind sampling their voice. I’m especially also just addicted to high voices. I love falsetto. I’m known for working with women, which is my favorite working with female vocals. If I’m working with a guy he definitely has to be able to channel his feminine side. I don’t really like to work with men who wanna sing about the macho shit on the mic like I’m way more into men who are singing. you know explore both sides  MEALS jacket and pants. Do you have a certain process of producing or like how do you kind of create your songs? I’ve always been a drummer, so I feel like when I’m on my own making beats I always start with drums and just playing with different drum sounds and I finally, after years of not doing it, started to create my own drum kits and drum packs, so I have my own custom samples that I’m playing around with. When it comes to singers usually they’ll just freestyle over an existing beat. With Sema, the artist I recently signed to my label, she was one of the first people that I really just improvised with and sometimes she would just come in and she would start singing something first, so that’s a totally different process like kind of working in reverse and working from what her voice is doing.  Do you have any stories of the first time you met MikeQ or Ms. Boogie? This new EP I just put out, EXTERRA, Vol. 1, is kind of a throwback to the beginning of my career in many ways. One of them being that I’m returning to dance music and making just like much clubbier, harder material than I’ve made in a long time, but it also actually has two collaborations with artists that I’ve known for I think over a decade. Me and MikeQ and Shane Oliver from Hood by Air were the three Djs who got booked to DJ this artist named Reshaw Newsom. He had a party for one of his art openings. I had actually been a fan of Mike from MySpace and his website for years already and when I finally met him I just completely fanned out and got to play a track. My set was pretty much like MikeQ and Ivana Lore who’s like another ballroom legend. I basically played all super hard underground ballroom voguing music. I don’t think that Mike was expecting that from me necessarily and actually Mike went out on the dance floor and started voguing and he’s not a voguer, he’s a DJ. He rarely ever actually hits the dance floor and vogue. That was back when we Dj’d on CD so that night me and him like traded CDs and he gave me his CDs from his like case logic and I gave him CDs from mine. Ever since then we’ve been in touch and he’s producing music on my label as well, but he’s kind of hard to nail down and get a studio session with, so I’m just really excited to me and him having a track together 10 years later finally. My very first party that I threw on my own in NY was called “Club Vortex” and it was like in the back room of this art space, so it’s not really a venue at all and they didn’t have any security or anything and I think after the first one the word kind of got around cause you know under age kids are always looking for those very few places that they aren’t going to card, so I think word got around that there was this party happening that wasn’t carding and that was super open and fun and a few friends of mine actually showed up with Ms. Boogie at that very first party and me and her hit it off. She kind of got in a little bit of trouble that night. There was kind of like a little bit of a tussle on the dance floor and I think some wigs got pulled, but it was a pretty crazy night and that was before she was even just vocals, so it’s been amazing to see her progress into rapping and making music and I just love what she brings to the track. Saturday Kingdom performs with an Allstar roster including Bae Bae, BrownSkinHazel, Total Freedom and Uniiqu3 get tickets HERE Photographed by Alligator Jesus. Styled by Ally Nikoltchev Produced by: BJ Panda Bear Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. It was a family affair as last night UGG threw a banger to celebrate their now campaign featuring creatives in fashion and music including Slick Woods and son, Paloma and Ama Elsesser, Kim Gordon of Sonic Youth and daughter Coco Gordon Moore, Sasha and Sergio Lane, and Luka and Clark Sabbat. The event was a dazzling event paying homage to the brands California heritage.  The brand drew inspiration from the #UGGLIFE  campaign family-focused narrative highlighting the relationships and the spirit across generations that brings families together along with inspiring and challenging one another DJ’s and eyewear designers Coco & Breezy curated the events soundtrack. Staying on theme with a musical performance by SoCal local indie punk rock duo/brothers The Garden. UGG founded in 1978 by an Australian surfer originated on the coast of California. Renowned for its iconic classic UGG boot boosted by Hollywood celebs, and fashion editors around the world, the brand has extended into apparel and accessories with recent collaborations with the brands like Y/PROJECT and Eckhaus Latta. The evenings launch also featured the new range of buckle boots that also presented an exaggerated sole and a soon to be everywhere thigh grazing boot. After a dinner at the Roosevelt hotel, we caught up with the mama, muse, and all around bad ass Slick Woods to chat about #UGGLIFE.  Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Did you end up going out last night after the dinner at The Roosevelt? I’m a little exhausted but I don’t think I went out, I think went out went on me. How do you feel like UGG has fit into your life as a mother? UGG has been a big part of my life since the last campaign so we have been linking up. Do you feel like having a child has fit into life of the badass fashion creature you’ve always been known for? Yes, of course. I mean getting into motherhood and being an UGG mom has definitely been a big part of my life. You have really empowered the persona of the badass into this new creation, it’s beautiful. Of course, I had to slip into motherhood very unexpectedly. What do you see in the space between comfort and style? Well, comfort and style has always been missed together. I mean my style in very comfortable. Do you think simple comfort can be stylish? Yes, definitely, I am a little bit mixed with Tomb Raider, with a little bit of Kim Possible, and a little bit of, let’s say, Al Pacino. All together – that’s me What is one comfort faux pas you feel can never be chic? Broke shit… I don’t do broke shit. What is one comfort faux pas you feel we need to embrace more? Probably aristocratic shit. Like real rich nigga shit. I wish we did more of that. Yeah do more of that now! Do you see your son as following your footsteps in the modelling world? Hell no. My sons going to be a police officer or a fireman. And I’m gonna let him do that. Your film Goldie got great reviews. Do you see yourself getting more into film? No, the director was trash but my acting was fucking great. Photographed by: Hannah Abu-Eideh. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   BUFFALO shoes. Make way for the newest edition to the female power movement, a DJ from Berlin who goes by Martafakka. With a background in Tech House, Funk House, Hip-Hop, RnB, and Afro House, she curates explosive beats that pulsate through the listener’s body causing them to not only feel Martafakka’s energy in her songs, but also having an almost out of body experience. As well, her expertise in mixing different genres creates a new kind of music and allows for a wide range of people to enjoy her work. Beyond her musical genius, she is an avid traveller, inspired learner, and according to her Instagram, is an animal lover as well. Take pleasure in reading the following interview with the creative genius.   BUFFALO shoes. Who would your dream collaboration be with? My favorites would be Dixon, Honey Dijon and Black Coffee What are you currently working on? And how is the process going? My main goal right now is to achieve the knowledge of producing myself. I have my roots in Hip- Hop and RnB and want to learn now more about electronic music especially tech house, funkhouse… I know that you have performed in Berlin, where would you love to perform next? I would love to perform in Ibiza, Amsterdam, London and New York. What is your favorite thing about performing and your fans? The best thing about djing is when you feel that people are getting exactly into your vibe and enjoy the party. What inspires your specific sound? I already traveled a lot in my life and I have been to many clubs where I got a lot of different vibe and music inspiration. What do you want your listeners to feel or take away from your music? The most important thing is LOVE, LOVE, LOVE and of course amazing energy! People should feel good and free while listening to my music. Its all about energy. What does your music creating process look like? I start with collecting my current favourite songs. After that it goes on with the main part; FIND MATCHING SONGS! It is my goal to combine all music genres with each other. There are no boundaries! Its kind of a process of course. Do you have a specific song that means a lot to you? What makes it special to you? It’s “Dirty Diana“ from Michael Jackson since I was a kid. It always hat something mystic about it…Who the f*** is Diana?!  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   REBECCA VALLANCE suit, ANDREA FOHRMAN earrings, and ANNA-KARIN KARLSSON sunglasses. She might not be a household name in America, yet, but Lila Iké has already taken Jamaica’s music scene by storm. Hailing from Manchester, Jamaica, she sharpened her teeth by performing at Jamnesia’s open mic on Saturday nights. The seaside venue (located in Bully Bay, about 20 minutes outside Kingston), has hosted many prominent Jamaican artists including Chronixx, Jah9, NoMaddz, and Protoje. The latter performer, Protoje, happens to be a Grammy nominated artist and his ears perked when he first heard Lila Iké’s music. He signed her as part of his collective, In.Digg.Nation.  Lila’s friendship with Protoje turned out to be the turn her music career needed. The signing thrusted her into the spotlight, where she’s performed alongside him at Jamaica’s Reggae Sumfest (basically it’s the Coachella for the country) with 30,000 heads in attendance then making her NYC debut at BRIC’s Celebrate Brooklyn! Concert. In 2017, Lila dropped her first official track, titled “Biggest Fan.” She wrote the song for her mother, whom she dubbed her “biggest fan.” The song’s release opened the floodgates for her solo career, with several other songs following suit. Earlier this summer, she performed on Protoje’s song “Not Another Word,” which acted as the biggest track she’s been apart of. After premiering on Rolling Stone, “Not Another Word” has graced Spotify playlists “Dancehall Queen,” and “Dancehall Official.”  While Lila Iké might hold the Reggae universe in the palm of her had, she’s not interested in classifying herself as a Reggae artist. She believes her music is more universal than to label inside a single genre. Flaunt spoke with the rising artist about her humble beginnings, treasured inspirations, and the meaning behind the words Lila Iké.  MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit and JIMMY CHOO shoes. I always like to know what influences an artist when they are writing and recording their songs. Who would you say are your musical influences? My favorite singer of all time is Garnett Silk. I love Toni Braxton, I really love Lauren Hill. All great artists in different genres and different types of music. But my all-time favorite is Garnett Silk. Why would they inspire you? Garnett Silk is my all-time favorite because of what he did for the music I don’t think anybody else did it. I feel like his voice, his style, he had a spiritual thing with his voice. Also, the fact that he didn’t get much time to do what I really think he wanted to do. Very powerful and very spiritual. How he was cut down so early almost makes me take up the responsibility, just make sure my music is on that level.  What’s your intention when performing your music? What are you trying to give your listeners with your talents? When I’m performing, I’m basically giving everything. With certain performers, You can identify with what they are saying. , You can see certain movements in their body, you can feel in your presence that music isn’t something they are doing to make some money. So when I’m performing I’m doing what I’m supposed to do, which is give it all Every artist has a different creative process when writing and recording music. What does your look like?  I search for inspiration, I don’t necessarily like writing with a pen and paper. When going through my everyday life, if a thought comes to me, i’ll whip out my phone and record it. Somethings I don’t record all my inspirations, but it comes upon you and for some people, it comes through like mediation or dancing or going different places. For me it’s all of the above. I like having conversations about different things. like learning as much as I can. I like listening to music, going to jam sessions.  ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER coat and boots, HALPERN turtleneck, and MISHO earrings. You’ve released four singles so far. What’s next? Is there an album or an EP on the way? Naturally, but I can’t say when. I am definitely working on new music.  We will keep our ears open! There’s a lot of musical genres, what inspired you to chose reggae? Is there a connection to the genre which drew you to it?  Personally, I don’t really associate myself with any particular genre, I feel like its a conscious thing. Like a work of poetry. I grew up in Jamaica, where there is lots of reggae. But I love reggae, it’s my favorite genre. I love spoken music, jazz, country music, reggaeton. But for me, reggae music is a part of me.  Are you still based in Jamaica? Yes. Rolling Stone premiered “Not Another World,” which features you working with Protoje and Agent Sasco. Are there any more collaborations coming up which you can tell us about? I recently did a song produced by Izzy which was released on the same day, so I haven’t been pushing it that much. That’s the most recent collaboration I’ve worked on but I’m interested in working with a lot of artists. I’d love to do a song with Chronixx and Koffee. These are things I have in my head that hopefully work out.  You recently performed at LA’s Delicious Pizza for their block party. Are there any more US shows coming up on your itinerary? Not right this minute, the next time I’m in America for a show is in Washington. My friend wants to come perform at his venue. Me, Sevana, a new artist called Jaz Elise, and another artist named Apollo. We are apart of their acoustic presentation. That’s the only thing I’m certain about. October 14th. Where did the name Lila Iké come from? What does it mean to you?  Lila, biblically was coined from my original name Alecia Grey. When I was born people would always shorten my name. They’d call me Leekee or Leelee. Once somebody called me Lila and I was very drawn to that name because I felt like a “Lila”. I made a Facebook account and used it as my Facebook name, it was “Lila Music.” And people started calling me Lila. Before I know it, everybody actually thinks my name is Lila.  Iké, I got that name from a friend of mine I met when I moved to Kingston. This guy had a Nigerian background. He grew up in Africa and said Iké is short for Ikechukwu, he told me that it meant “God is powerful” I grew up in a Christian home, my mom always went to church and believing in a higher being was always a crucial part of our everyday life. And I personally believe that there is something more beautiful and powerful than all of us here on Earth.  I wanted to appropriate this energy, which is the purest form of my music. That’s where Lila Iké came from.  It was great talking to you, is there anything you would like to add? I want people to know that it’s okay for them to be themselves, and they should go for whatever they want if they feel it in their hearts. If it brings them joy.   MARINE SERRE dress and bodysuit. Photographed by Nolwen Cifuentes. Styled by Mui-Hai Chu. Hair: Darren Hau using Oribe at Opus Beauty. Makeup: Mylah Morales  at Exclusive Artists.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Autumn Hrubý is the founder of knitwear enthusiast and journal, Hesperios. The carefully crafted, sustainable collections express Hrubý’s philosophy of “quality over quantity,” with garments meant to last a lifetime. An extension of the brand is it’s dedication to classic and contemporary art, literature, and travel, which reveals itself in a biannual anthology— distributed internationally through art-and-design book stores, galleries, newsstands, and museums. This month, Hesperios released it’s third edition of the ongoing journal series, marking the celebration of both established and emerging creatives. From artists to chefs to filmmakers and poets, No.3 is packed with visual references, intellectual nuances, and personal anecdotes that will galvanize any and every reader. Flaunt spoke with Hrubý post-Journal No.3 launch to chat all things Hesperios. HESPERIOS founder, Autumn Hrubý. What’s the story behind the name of your line and literary journal, Hesperios, meaning “the evening star”?  My friend Evan Dando started calling me Hess as a nickname, short for Hesperios. At the time, Glenn O’ Brien and I were brainstorming potential names for my company to be. It was a long process, and he had several amusing options, but when I heard Hesperios, everything just clicked.   Of all the interviews in this issue, who surprised you most, and why?  Miranda Brooks interview. I loved discovering that she meditates with her client before each project to bless the land and ask the spirits for help.  “In Japan there is a standard practice to have a land blessing with the client and architect before any construction begins, to make peace with who has been there before, and to suggest where the spirits can safely wait until construction ends. Once construction is complete, they are invited back to bring love and a sense of being to what was created.”  Visually, how has literature and the art world influenced your designs?  Art and literature have influenced our brand in every possible way. I knew I wanted to make the perfect sweater and cardigan with reoccurring artist collaborations and less common color palettes. And of course, we publish art and literary books, which is at the heart of what we do. This has always been the idea behind Hesperios. Sometimes working with an artist on a particular cardigan will influence the range of colors for the collection, but I usually have a well-defined palette from the very beginning. I often have Maria Sibylla Merian’s books around for reference.   As fashion is the second most polluting industry in the world, how does your brand support sustainable practices? I’m glad you asked. This is a long answer, but it is the most important question I am asked. Hesperios has been called a “sustainable brand,” and I’m not sure what that means or if any brand can be truly “sustainable,” but we are trying, every day. I have set very high standards in the way I’d like to run everything. We are a small team, but we all care and want to do things differently and thoughtfully rather than arbitrarily pushing out more product. I think we’ve had a head start as a new company forming good habits in the early stages, rather than having to unravel detrimental ones later on. Even so, it’s a constant process which requires a tremendous amount of time to research alternative materials and more efficient methods of production.  It was always my intention to create a well-made, high-quality product that would last forever and age well. Our collection began with a sweater; designed as something you can keep as an heirloom— quality over quantity. We produce two seasons a year, with limited releases in between, all of which are produced in low quantities, so we aren’t sitting on excessive inventory.   We also recycle our inventory in a way that I’m proud of. In our last three collections, we selected a few styles from our inventory, like our Gayle or Lou knit tank, and combined them with pleating to create our signature Paloma and Lola dresses. Our collection also consists of a core library of year-round knits, which means we can keep these on our website longer because they technically don’t fall out of style. If we have inventory in a color that hasn’t sold as well, we dye it sustainably. Timeless and well-made products retain their value.  All of our wovens are produced locally in New York City. This reduces the waste of packaging and shipping materials. We try to use as much deadstock, antique, and recycled materials as possible. We will never produce leather, and we’ve kept our material options to a minimum. I don’t plan on using cashmere or wool. We plan to use 100% organic cotton by next year, and we’re also in the planning phase of bringing our knit production in-house, so we are in control of all phases of production.   I wish building a company was just about telling stories and making beautiful things, but this is such a small fraction of what is required. There can be a myriad of factors and variables which influence every decision and sometimes can be overwhelming. But we approach everything with thoughtfulness and integrity in mind.  I’ve been a vegetarian for 18 years, and I’ve always been conscious of my environment. When I was 20, I lived on a permaculture and biodynamic farm in San Miguel de Allende, and when I moved back to the states, I viewed our resources differently. I think this experience has informed my life decisions going forward, and I’m constantly reminded of those lessons. I recently sat through the Earthlings documentary and was completely shaken. It takes you through all the industries that rely on animals and how corrupt so many industries are. After watching this, I wanted to begin taking steps to become vegan. I also became overwhelmed with all the lifestyle choices associated with this decision and that if I became vegan, I would want the brand to be as well. Suddenly, becoming vegan was harder than anything I’ve ever thought about doing, especially regarding fashion. Right now, I am gathering the facts so that it isn’t an overwhelming transition. Leather is everywhere. There is no reason when there are plenty of alternative materials to use for a handbag or a shoe. But then, you also have to be knowledgeable about how those materials are made and the waste or toxic threats they could be creating.   Patagonia has been a big inspiration for my colleagues and me. My best friend, Miye McCullough, is our Director of Operations, and she has a background in Conservation, so we are always talking about sustainability. She recommended a book called The Responsible Company by Vincent Stanley and Yvon Chouinard. It has been my ongoing resource for information. I recommend this book to everyone, both personally and professionally. You can learn from their past mistakes as a company, how transparent they are, and what they did to learn and improve not only their production but practices on a global scale. The bottom line is that it takes a community effort to create change. The book is also a reminder that while mistakes are inevitable, what counts is how we solve each problem.  Everyone on our team has a genuine interest in sustainability. We enjoy the research process equally as much as the creative one. I’ve been a member of an innovative design library ever since we started, which gives architects and designers access to sustainable, biodegradable, recyclable, certified organic materials around the world. They have an actual library you can walk through and scan swatch cards; giving you instant access to suppliers who produce bio-leather from pineapple juice.   I don’t want to turn a blind eye to our ecological crisis. If I’m made aware of something that isn’t right, I will go to great lengths to try and correct it and make it better. But I have to remind myself that it cannot happen overnight.  Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03  ZARA SRPLS CHPTR 03 Drop 1 launching today, October 8th, Zara aims to release their variations on the here to stay khaki and uniform stylized core pieces. For decades in DIY culture, core basics have been used as representation and a source of visual language to identify rebellion and counterculture. These two characteristics are still used as the main sources of inspiration to highlight individual style and remain part of being unbranded in a capitalistic society. As well as being inspired by figures involved in the arts, musicians, actors, artists, and so forth. Zara is taking classic clothing archetypes with this new SRPLS CHPTR 03 line, consisting of outerwear, shirts, pants, and accessories, remixing them with new proportions, cuts, and sews every release to give a new meaning. This will be the 3rd instalment of Zara’s bi-annual SRPLS collection, showcasing men and women collections as in the past, but for the first time a kid’s line will be available. The collection speaks on the military influenced clothes that have become part of the world’s wardrobe vernacular for the past 60 years in popular culture. Made from premium materials, in limited edition with three releases each season. The collection will be available online and in select stores across the US, Spain, Germany, UK, France, Italy, Poland, Japan and China. Photos courtesy of ZARA Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   Gucci has begun accepting applications for the North American Changemakers program, which includes its $1.5 million Scholarship Program and its $5 million Impact Fund for nonprofit organizations, and they have brought a collaboration with DRØME Creative Director Satchel Lee to announce it. The grant and scholarship open call announcement invites young people and nonprofits to apply to be Gucci Changemakers.  Earlier this year, Gucci announced its North American Changemakers Program, working in alignment with the company’s vision for garnering a greater social impact and pushing diversity and equity forward within the fashion industry. The film announcing the open call for applications was narrated by Changemakers Council Co-Chair, Poet, and Author Cleo Wade, and allowed for young people to share their own stories. Wade stated, “Change does not happen in theory, it happens in community. We are bringing the Gucci Changemakers initiative to life by bringing not only funds, but also time, energy, and care to communities that have been historically and systemically under resourced and overlooked for too long.” Both of the programs aim to do exactly that. They give to and prioritize historically underrepresented and marginalized communities in order to allow for the advancement of the youth and nonprofit organizations hoping to create broader change, starting within their own communities.  Learn more on applications and eligibility at www.changemakersus.gucci.com. Photos and video courtesy of Gucci Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   GUCCI jacket, pants, and shoes.  BEN SHERMAN top and pants, BRUNO MAGLI boots. The singer-songwriter and actor Chord Overstreet surprised a lot of his fans when, in 2015, he left behind his acting days on Glee to pursue a career in music. The son of Grammy-award-winning country music singer-songwriter Paul Overstreet, Chord had grown up surrounded by music, which he quickly developed an affinity for. Once he formed his own band, Overstreet, the singer was already opening for Demi Lovato and Nick Jonas on their Future Now Tour. After releasing some well-received tracks, the band came along with their first EP earlier this year Man on the Moon, Overstreet is back with the new track “My Ex.“ Flaunt sat down with Chord Overstreet and discussed his relationship with music, songwriting, and his newest single “My Ex”. I wanted to ask you a little bit about your upbringing. You were brought up by a Grammy award-winning father, you have a music-related name—it’s almost as if it was predetermined that you would be involved with music. It was probably my dad’s way of nudging me out the door with a guitar in my hand. I was the third one born into my family, and there’s three notes in a chord, so my dad and mom had names like that for everybody. My sister’s name is Harmony, like a four-part harmony, and a brother named Nash for Nashville, so everyone’s got a wacky name.  How would you say your relationship with music has evolved throughout your childhood up until today?  My relationship with music started out when I was really young and my dad introduced me to Elvis, the Beatles, and James Taylor. The stuff that I responded to was the lyrical content—songs with a story that helped you stepping out of reality, just being in your head and going wherever the music takes you. Lyrics first for me is where I always go, such as James Taylor and Bob Dylan, guys who were really able to paint a world.  Branching out into your own musical career—did you always want to do that, or was it a more recent decision after Glee?  I always did it just because I grew up around it. When I first moved out to LA, I was trying to get the acting thing going, and I had my guitar—it was always there. I never thought about it too much, I just always did it. I would be writing and I would be playing. Everything I got involved in and it worked always coincidentally had music involved, it kept chasing after me. I also always had the desire to do what my dad was doing. When I was probably 17 and playing football—I wanted to play pro football—I got a knee injury and was on Oxycontin on the couch. I was playing video games and my dad was like “Turn that damn game off and write a song!” So I picked up the guitar and couldn’t put it down.   That’s amazing. It’s good that it stuck, because I remember my parents forcing me to learn the piano at a young age, and I would get so bored by it. But then, the love for music sticks with you. It’s interesting because, when you’re a kid and taking music lessons, you don’t necessarily have the drive and determination —although some people do—to push that as a kid and develop those skills. Thank God that parents make kids take lessons because when you’re older, it’s there. I’m really thankful for my mom driving me to guitar lessons. It’s about having the foresight to see that it would be useful someday. Of course, I saw my dad do it, and he obviously taught me a lot about songwriting. My dad said something interesting to me. He had a rough childhood—he came from a broken home—and yet was always very positive in his songwriting, his message was really uplifting. Somebody asked him where his inspiration comes from when he’s writing, and he responded that he always wrote about how he wished his life was, not how it actually was, how he wanted it to be. I thought that was really cool, to be able to twist anything and make a positive message out of it. I’ve learned a lot from him out of my 30 years of studying him. I was really blessed that he put great music in front of me for me to learn from versus some of the stuff that’s pretty bad [laughs].  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. From all of these influences, how is it that you came to the sound you have now? I have a lot of modern influences even just in production, with the sound and current alternative stuff. Finding your niche within that, going back and taking some older retro production vibes and going in some of that—I would say it came from a lot of trial and error, honestly, just throwing a bunch of things at the wall. I was frustrated with not having a sound, so I went back and listened to a lot of Beach Boys stuff, as well as diving into deep tracks of music, while always wanting to make stuff that lasts for a long time. You find inspiration from the best.   You’re getting what inspiration you can from different artists and injecting it into your own style. Exactly. It’s like I really liked the way they presented that sound, how they had fifty different voices way back then, and just finding your own voice within that. A lot of the stuff I love listening to is just stuff that I want to drive to. Then I did a bunch of tours with just me and an acoustic, that singer-songwriter stuff. That’s a different side of me that is there, but after a while you just want to put on a rock show, you want to have fun, you want to express yourself and do crazy shit and not give a fuck about anybody.  GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and talents own ring. That’s actually what I wanted to ask you about next, about your shift from performing solo to having a band. It makes sense that you did it like your father before with the singer-songwriter aspect, and then you wanted to branch out.  That side of it for me is about expressing your emotions. You’ll to be up there, you’re vulnerable, and pouring your soul out. The band stuff and the energy—the crowd has so much to do with it. It’s such a release to be able to express yourself, and be that big, and be that loud, and to do whatever the fuck you wanna do. There’s such a rush in that, and when you go on and perform, you just black out—from the time it starts to the time it ends. Then all of a sudden I’m going, “Wait, is it over? Did that just happen?” It’s almost like its own drug, which you can get out of the singer-songwriter stuff, but that’s a little more therapeutic, and reliving some dark, heavier stuff.  You also have this support network of the rest of your band with you on stage.  Yeah. It’s fun to be able to make music with your friends, to shake out all of your anxiety, and nerves. I’m not a great dancer, so on stage I can just do the weirdest, craziest, stupidest stuff, and not give a fuck. That’s one of the things I like. That’s the only time you’re gonna see me blow off steam. It’s almost like you turn into a different person, which I love. That has a very similar connection with me that acting does. When acting, you get to disappear for a second. GCDS jacket, ICEBERG pants, and KSWISS shoes. I really like that, because there’s also this other side of performing that’s filled with nerves, and you’re always worried about what people will think. But when it’s right for you, you just melt into it.  Once you say, “Fuck it,” and jump off…The first time I started doing live stuff with a band, I was learning my body, and how I move, and how I do things. But then, once you rip the band aid off and learn to not give a shit, to just have fun and move around like nobody’s watching…that’s the best. Once you can take that jump, it’s fun.  Great. I’m wondering, what artists today would you like to collaborate with if you had the opportunity? I would love to collaborate with Sting or, I listened to a lot of Aerosmith growing up they were probably one of my favorite bands. I don’t know what that would sound like, but probably more so the legends. Just to be able to say I did it and pick their brain. To get into their headspace and see what their creative process is like. Yeah, I’d ask a lot of questions like, “Hey, when you wrote ‘Dude (Looks Like a Lady),’ what was the story behind that? I’d probably be the most annoying person sitting next to them, because I would be asking them so many questions. I find that the process of songwriting is so different for everybody that “What inspired this, what inspired this, what inspired this” might open your eyes to all the things around you that you wouldn’t normally pay attention to.  BEN SHERMAN t-shirt, KENZO pants, and BALLY shoes. Going off of that, I want to ask you a similar question about your upcoming single “My Ex.” The songs on your Man on the Moon EP have a lot to do with past relationships and the effect they had on you. How does this single play off that? What inspired this direction that you’re going in? I wrote this song the next day after running into one of my exes. I ran into her at the bar and she was with one of her friends, and I used to hang out with both of them when we were together. I run into this person all the time, and I ran into her, and every time I run into her she’s with her boyfriend. It’s a little odd, because he’s just a little bit odd about it. We’re cool though, I love her to death she’s super sweet. She started flirting with me a little bit, talking and drinking. To make a long story short, we hung out and afterwards I felt like she was making a move on me—not that I would’ve done anything. Then her boyfriend showed up and the whole vibe completely changed. I found all of this really interesting, so the next day when I went into the studio to write, I started working on the track with my buddy, and in thirty minutes I had the song written. The thing I thought was interesting was, what if I actually did go home with my ex-girlfriend and she left her current boyfriend? I just thought that would’ve been an interesting hypothetical situation, because once you had that relationship with somebody, there’s always something that’s underneath a little bit. You’re always wondering “What if it turned out differently?  When you’re young, relationships end for reasons that when you’re older I’m sure they never would. There’s probably a reason and a good reason it did end. I self-examine a lot of my dating life. It’s an easy thing for me to really look at that while I’m writing.  That’s a positive thing—self-examination, looking at how everything went down and how you can change for the future—it’s a very good thing. It’s very much like therapy.  Like self-therapy almost.  It is difficult to analyze yourself without you running through your own protective filter. When something happens in a relationship, people see it from a slanted view where they end up not being as harsh on themselves as they are on the person they’re breaking up with. Being that way with yourself can be tough.  KENZO jacket and pants. Very true. My final question is, you know how people usually get an impression of an artist whenever they listen to their album or a single. I’m wondering, with the debut album you’re releasing next year, is there a specific impression you want people to get of you, whether as a person or as a musician? That’s a good question. My goal for this next batch of songs is—everybody relates to love, loss, things changing. They might not relate to the exact story, but everybody has felt that way, everyone has had that emotion. Being able to really put out emotions that are relatable, that hard stuff that you don’t really want to talk about, or being able to share the good feelings. It’s about being able to emote and give people something they can relate to.  They end up feeling an emotional connection to it. They have a connection to the music. Even if it is specific to my story. That’s probably the main goal.  That’s probably the main unifier between people and music—the ability to connect with an emotion or lyric, anything about it—it’s great.  It could just be a lyric, it could be something that makes you say “I felt that way.” Even Drake with “Why you gotta fight with me at Cheesecake Factory/ You know I love to go there.” That’s funny, and it’s real. I think it’s genius how specific that is, because you can’t make that shit up.  LANDLORD NEW YORK pants. It’s specific enough that you can imagine being in a similar situation. Everybody has got into a fight with somebody at a place like that. Cheesecake Factory is just—I think that’s hilarious. Drake does that better than anyone. Great. That’s it on my part, is there anything you wanted to talk about that we haven’t touched on? We talked about the sound, the inspiration…The one thing I also wanted to talk about…just the…I guess we talked about it. Letting people in and getting a good look at who I actually am and what goes on behind the curtains, what grinds my gears I guess. Especially with this new project you’re doing, it’s a new path, and for people to see that and get their impression of you, it’s really important. It’s new for me, but it’s also thirty years of  my experience in self-discovery, and giving people a look into the reality of where I’ve been and where I’ve come from, that’s really important. That’s great. We very much look forward to your new material.  Yeah, I’m constantly writing, so hopefully I’ll get a bunch of new stuff out there.  Photographed by Jonny Marlow at Early Morning Riot. Styled by Brendon Alexander. Grooming: Avian King using Davines at The Rex Agency. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   A woman with a past containing hardships to a future where she can clearly see what she wants, Diana Gordon is back with her new single, “Becoming” which is all about celebrating hard work, being in control, and having her family by her side. She is a multi talented woman who sings, song writes, produces, and is a visual artist. Diana is not afraid to be herself and through her voice and singing, she has been able to have an emotional outlet. Her music is a mix of rhythmic drums, alternative rock, and dark folk, which create a melodic base for her powerful and captivating voice.  Diana has won Grammys in the past for her songwriting and producing work with many prominent artists, including Mark Ronson, Dua Lipa (“Electricity”), Beyonce ("Sorry", "Daddy Lessons", "Don't Hurt Yourself'), and more.  Her 2018 EP Pure was described by Pitchfork as being, “marked by her striking voice and emotional candor.” Diana has an album set to come out next year and will follow the tone of her new single “Becoming.”   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017   The high desert has remained as popular as it was 40 years ago to getaway to, when your dad was planning a Joshua Tree trip with his buddies and forgot to pack the trail mix, as well as the good suede boston birkenstock’s.  HWY 62 ART TOURS is becoming one of the fastest growing attractions taking place over 3 weekends in October, featuring 150 artists opening their studios to showcase artwork.  Part of the fun derrives from its self-driven aspect, furtherly explained by Art Tours Director, Bill Green: “The best thing about the Art Tours is that you never know what you’ll discover. With over 30 different categories of art, you might see a tile house followed by an abstract painter followed by a sculptor. You get to choose what you want based on your interest. There are so many different artists here with unique studio spaces that you can’t possibly see them all. It’s a big reason why we went to three weekends this year.” This special desert art tour taking place under the stars will take place this month in October over the spand of 3 weeks.  Weekend Oct. 5th & 6th, the 11th & 12th, and lastly the 18th & 19th. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017       Photo courtesy Nike. This is what we have been waiting for. In Los Angeles, Nike is coming out with limited-edition Air Max 270 React sneakers and fleece hoodies. Not only are they limited-edition, they are specially-designed by three talented L.A. artists: Sage Adams, Jheyda McGarrell, and Gabrielle Richardson. Each artist used their stories to create a this new collection of sneakers and hoodies, incorporating their unique style and flare. Flaunt was fortunate enough to get to chat with the women, see below.  SAGE ADAMS: The NY Transplant “Designed by artist and curator Sage Adams, this Air Max 270 React is a reinvention of the classic white shoe that Adams saw in her childhood. The shoe comes outfitted with a pizza slice charm to nod to the classic comfort from her home-state, a reminder to pay tribute to your roots.” What inspired you to pursue art? For me the lack of representation of marginalized people as popular visual artists really spoke to a gap I wanted to fill. We needed more than Basquiat, we needed to know Carrie Mae Weems, Kara Walker, Henry Taylor! I needed to see more of a spectrum of the stories being told and mediums used.  Do you feel that art has opened up new possibilities for expression for you?  Art In many ways has taken over how I see the world. Before I started breaking things down into shape rather than how they ‘actually look’ was the moment I began to feel like an artist. It’s opened my mind to an array of possibilities otherwise deemed impossible. I didn’t even think I could draw as a kid. What is the process you go through when curating an exhibition? Do you have a specific message in mind? For me it’s getting to know the artist and what made them make the thing and then it’s how do these things come together to tell the story.  What connects the works, what makes them different from other pieces in archive? What medium? What does the architecture of the actual gallery space look like? Creating an authentic representation of an idea or ethos is one of the hardest and most rewarding things there is.   JHEYDA MCGARRELL: The Homegrown Angeleno “L.A. native artist Jheyda McGarrell’s take on the Air Max 270 React is influenced by her Black and Mexican upbringing. Pops of red pay homage to rose bushes grown in the front yard of her childhood home, while gold accents represent the evolving idea of opulence for Black and Brown communities. Topped off with a cherub charm, a reminder to honor traditions and use the lessons of the past to keep it moving forward.” Questions for Jhyeda Mcgarrell: How does your heritage, as an Angeleno of both Black and Mexican decent, reflect onto your artwork? My heritage is reflected in all of my work due to the heavy impact of it in my formation. The contention of growing up experiencing all these different aspects of culture and tradition is an experience many without their stories ever been told. This specific project in my mind has worked to piece together the different aspects of the different culture backgrounds, that our two cultures share. This shoe to me bridges the created tension of an American landscape. It shows the ways we are one and the ways people like me live between these different ideologies and physical spaces. It bridges the weird black kid in the white neighborhood to the dark skinned mixed Mexican kid growing up with Tias smoothing down their curls and gives us space to just be all our different facets without contention.  What was the most rewarding and challenging part of this process? The most rewarding part in this has been seeing the smile on my mom’s face when I told her I was working on a collaboration with Nike. The most challenging but also rewarding part has been working with an entire crew of people to execute an idea which is still relatively new to me. It’s so beautiful to see all these brilliant, different minds working to make something I once imagined.  What do you hope people feel when they wear your shoes/hoodie? Confidence? Individuality?  I hope when they wear the apparel they feel like they are truly reflecting their highest self. I hope they feel comfortable and free. I hope they feel every good emotion that has been out into the making and the lifestyle behind the creation. I hope they feel loved because I know I do from them.  What qualities do you see in yourself that you know you got from your family? Pretty much everything. My family is completely made up of immigrants and all of the qualities I’ve gained from their strength and preservation in a country against them is appreciated. I have learned love and a desire to improve our lives and the lives around us and to honor heritage. I have learned even the qualities they might oppose in me. I have learned to always crave freedom and to always have a strong sense of self among so many other things.  It is so amazing that you get to work with Nike to be a source of inspiration for many people. What has inspired you, and in return, what do you want your work to inspire in others?  Thank you! It is literally such an honor. I’ve been inspired by everyone around me embodying the phrase “existence is resistance”. I’ve been inspired by the black, the brown, the indigenous, the queer, the trans, the fat, the disabled, the people who make up the qualities most worth embodying, utter freedom of expression and true strength. I hope my work inspires people to follow myself and others in moving forward towards freeing themselves and seeing the value in their everyday life, even when it’s boring, even if you hate yourself, like I did once and still do sometimes, I hope they know they are important.  GABRIELLE RICHARDSON: The Passionate Traveler “Neon meets pastel in a technicolor dream in the Air Max 270 React designed by model and multimedia artist Gabrielle Richardson. The colorway exhibits the dichotomy of the modern-day jetsetter — neon being those moments of movement, and pastels representing the comforts of home. Embellished with a ‘Real’ charm, an encouragement to make creative dreams a reality without letting others restrict your point of view.” Questions for Gabby Richardson: Which place that you’ve travelled to been the most influential, or just your favorite and why? I think the most influential place I’ve ever been is in Cape Town, South Africa. It was beautiful to be in a majority black country, but still felt a sense of disillusion being in a country with such an intense racial caste system. I felt so lucky to be in Africa, a continent that felt so connected to my identity but where I had never been. I met so many young talented South African artists in Cape Town who shared their art with me, and it reinforced my drive to do better to create and facilitate spaces for young black kids globally. What do you want people to feel or think when wearing your design? I want people to feel validated, I want to give people hope. I want people to know, in our constant shared state of anxiety that we live in that there is a silver lining. I used the neon colors because they’re utilitarian colors used often in industrial and emergency settings, I offset the abrasive colors with pastels to give it a sense of softness, and a sheer window so people can show off their personality. I think the real chain is self-explanatory, what you do, whatever you want to do, that shits real, that shits valid, don’t let anyone limit you and tell you that your aspirations are fake. What does it mean for you to be a part of Nike’s limited edition collection? It feels crazy! I As a child I never thought it was a possibility for me to work in the creative world and even more of a ludicrous fantasy to be able to have my own shoe. I think it’s a testament that any dream you have can be built. This journey with Nike has been a really formative experience for me as artist, I have never been so affirmed in my artistry. I was able to direct so many aspects of the campaign from the casting, color ways, and insert in the shoe. Being believed in is a magic that I want to pass on. Everything can be real!! What does travel mean to you? Through my time traveling I’ve realized that I learn mostly through experience. Through meeting people and exchanging stories of each other’s lives, I not only gain an objective knowledge but also broaden my emotional intelligence. A willingness to learn doesn't have to only connote traditional practices of learning, an education can be childlike and involves a lot of falling and getting back up. Traveling allows to see me to see the world for the first time always, everything and anything can fill me with wonder.   Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017    WILDFOX clothing.  WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, JF LONDON shoes, ASOS belt, and KRYSIA RENAI necklace.  WILDFOX clothing and DALMATA necklace and ring.  WILDFOX clothing, B JAMES bag, WOLF CIRCUS necklace, and FARRADAS KNITS clips.  WILDFOX t-shirt and CLYDE hat  WILDFOX clothing, ASOS headband, IMAGO-A belt, and MALONE SOULIERS shoes.  WILDFOX clothing and MISCREANTS gloves.   Left to right: WILDFOX clothing and sunglasses, VIA SPIGA shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. WILDFOX sunglasses, MALONE SOULIERS shoes, FARRADAS KNITSearrings, I.O. COLLECTIVE ring, and NORA KOGAN ring.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings.  WILDFOX clothing, TIBI belt, LADY GREY earrings, and MARY MACGILL necklace.  WILDFOX clothing, CLYDE hat, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. In a city more rife with wantrepreneurs than we care to truly consider, there are origin stories aplenty. Divided this in two, split that up, and presto! Success! Took the family business and scaled it. Had an invention idea come in a dream and now we're shipping ten thousand units. Was in the right place at the right time. Knew a guy who knew a guy and the rest is history. Often rather boring stories. But how often do you hear of success stories that originate in the club? Business is done in clubs, business is celebrated in clubs, but rarely do you witness material success be birthed in the club. Enter saxophonist and entrepreneur Jimmy Sommers, CEO of Wildfox and 100% owner of the lifestyle brand known for its sun-soaked, sexy California attitude. In addition to being Wildfox CEO, Jimmy Sommers is a partner in top shelf tequila, Perfectomundo, with multi-Grammy winning DJ and producer, Paul Oakenfold, and owns a boutique line of beautifully hand-forged eyewear, very appropriately named Sommers.  Wildfox was birthed over a decade ago. While throwing must-attend parties all over the world, and made in LA units flying fast, the company navigated the economic recession and explosion of e-commerce with a big smile on its face. The birth of influencer marketing across Instagram, however, and a glut of fast, cheap fashion brands, have created challenges in recent seasons, and Sommers is continually seeking ways in which to stay true to how his brand was built and scaled, while integrating a modern sensibility for how fashion is currently consumed. Sommers took time on the deck of his Modern home in the Hollywood Hills, to speak on the changes he's witnessed in the apparel industry, as well as Los Angeles, as well as his only-in-Hollywood story of rising to musical prominence, and in so doing, creating a platform for himself with which to meet the world and explore other ventures. In support is a Wildfox Fall '19 editorial, photographed on the azure hills of Malibu late this summer by frequent Flaunt photographer, Shane McCauley. You found your footing in Hollywood with an exceptional saxophone talent right?  Exactly, being good at something was my way in. The saxophone was my in to Hollywood, in to different events, meeting people. It was a tool. I used the sax as a tool. In college I got a scholarship for it. Then I got to take a crack at LA because I had a reason: to become a professional saxophone player. I was very fortunate to have parents that are supportive and together still, which is rare. They’re my backbone.   And what sort of evolutions have you observed in the music industry over time? The music industry is… well, it’s funny because when I came out here there was something called smooth jazz, and there were jazz and smooth jazz stations. I grew up listening to David Sanborn and Marcus Miller and their style was my key influence. I had gigs all the time. But that’s changed and so has my music career. I used to go on tour all the time. So, the radio stations changed their formats and then comes Hip-Hop. When I was out here recording, it was Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg and Tupac and that era, which was cool shit—it still is cool—but now it’s a whole new and different thing.  You actually mentioned you recorded with all manner of artists at the time, like Tupac himself? Well it just happened that Dr. Dre and Tupac’s engineer lived in my house on Sunset. That’s how it came to be. All of the sudden I was exposed to this music, so then I was playing with them… What’s interesting is that when I was out here, I played saxophone at the China Club, and the China Club is where all the musicians came. I played with Prince, I played with the Kal David band. Rick James came to play. I was immersed with all these great musicians. And what was the sort of lightning bolt moment that deepened your involvement? I was a guest at a part of John Paul DeJoria’s house, the guy that started Paul Mitchell. I was at the bar drinking Patrón with Rod Stewart, who I had just met. We got to laughing and I said, “Rod, let’s go play with the band. I’ve got my sax in the car.” I went to get out my sax and next thing we’re on stage with the band. And that’s where JP was like, ‘Wow, you’re great.’ I didn’t have a record deal at the time, but he was like, ‘How can I help you? Come to my office.’ So inspiring. So I end up playing his gatherings where ten thousand people come, all his hairdressers. He puts a package together, about a hundred and fifty thousand CDs, and distributes them at the salons, which was a catapult to me getting a record deal. It was outside the box, and that really helped me stand out from the rest. That’s what he does. He builds people up. All of the sudden, when my record was done, all of the record labels wanted some. That’s when I ended up getting into the record business with Universal. They pushed me because JP believed in me. And what a vision. He actually started Patrón Tequila 29 years ago, sold it for five billion bucks. And what is he doing now? Giving back. He’s doing great things, and he’s always done that. Doesn’t just go buy a yacht or whatever. He’s such a humanitarian. The guy is just too good to be true. WILDFOX clothing And now you’ve launched your own tequila brand, Perfectomundo? My best friend met someone that owned the best distillery in Mexico. He said ‘we have the best blend of Tequila,’ so we decided to make it. We ended up collaborating with Paul Oakenfold to do Perfectomundo tequila, which is the same name as Paul’s label. It seemed like a good fit. It’s nice to have a business with friends that you can enjoy. We started it a couple years ago, and it’s doing great, and God damn you should try it. It’s delicious! Tequila’s growing big time. And ours has been rated in several shows and tastings, it’s won a lot of awards. The problem with these big tequila companies is they can’t make it fast enough. So they pump it through, and it’s not as good anymore. Being a boutique brand, it’s small batches, and extremely good. Has LA changed a lot to you since coming here? Oh man, in so many ways. To start, there was no bottle service. You’d go out, it wasn’t all the phones with the cameras. You’d go out there, you’d talk to people, not everyone was staring at their phones. That’s just in general, not just LA. But it’s not the same as it used to be. It still is beautiful. It’s still got talented people. Beautiful beaches, you know, beautiful hills. I suppose it’s just that technology has changed.   And how did you make the music to fashion transition? Were you inspired by something in general? Being in that circuit, going to Paris, seeing all that, the fashion shows and having friends in the fashion business was major. And what goes on in London, Paris, Milan—it's so different. Music propelled me to go and experience the world and fortunately enough there came an opportunity to get involved in something else. I knew what was going on in fashion, I was going to the trade shows, seeing what people were doing out there. And to put a different spin on something was key. These two girls came and pitched an idea, something different with a t-shirt company. Oversized, different shapes, something completely different. That’s when we first launched Wildfox. And of course it blew up. Was there a key moment in time? A couple girls came to me with an idea. I said as long as it’s the coziest, softest material, I’m down. That’s what I was going for—the best materials with the right washes. But, we couldn’t even get into the majors, because we had just started. One day, a friend, Alessandra Ambrosio, said, ‘Jimmy Sommers, I’ll model for you. I’ll put your clothes on and I’ll take some pictures. But you do it! You take the pictures.’ So when she was in town, I threw the T-Shirts on her. I had never done this before, so I went to Samy’s Camera and said, ‘Give me your best camera.; It was a 5D and I said, ‘Well, what do you do? I’m shooting a Victoria’s Secret model, what do you do?’ And they just go, ‘Yeah right, sir. Just put it in auto.”’ So, I bought the camera for five grand and went and she put on all the shirts. Then Alessandra was like, ‘Well you can’t use these because Victoria’s Secret is going to get mad.’ So, I said, ‘Ok, of course not, I won’t use these.’ Then, at the trade show, I blew up the biggest photo of her, which was overlooking the whole show. People took notice, and the first order I got was a $60,000 order from Kitson. And I go, ‘How did you see us over here? We’re not even in the main show!?’ And of course they said ‘well, we saw that poster of Alessandra.’ Of course, I was in debt, so it was so great. Alessandra was the key thing. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. How would you describe the identity of the Wildfox brand, how it came to be a force? I’d say along the lines of, ‘Oh, that’s the brand with the softest material,’ the funny sayings, ‘celebrities wear it’, that sorta thing. As the current Wildfox CEO, I ensure we make all our clothes in LA, and it’s great stuff that’ll last forever. Quality. Any person that has a shirt since we started is still wearing it—I’m wearing one right now. They’re out there and they’ve got a frickin’ Wildfox—especially in LA and New York and London—they have something of ours in their closet. Now these other brands come, these fast fashion brands that have Internet money, and it’s cheaper clothes. And there’s all this paying people to wear stuff. We never had to do that when I started. And there’s a lot of that now. Yes, and the mimicry scales so fast. There’s a lot of copycat brands, but what can you do? Just be original. When I started as Wildfox CEO, we thought simply: let’s make t-shirts like butter. The softest t-shirts ever. People say that our first shirts are like fine wine. They just keep getting better and better. They don’t fall apart. Now we have to keep evolving and doing other things. From dresses and higher fashion stuff. Everyone still loves a good shirt and sweats and loungewear, but you have to watch where the world is up to. And now we’re all watching each other on little screens? Yes! Instagram wasn’t around when we started. In fact, we were one of the first accounts to get so many followers. Now, everyone’s influenced by it, which is kind of sad, because it can easily get carried away. It’s good to get these people’s support, but you know… these influencers have so much coming to them. If someone likes a brand, they’ll wear it and talk about it. I talk about a lot of things I like. But, like, one post? It’s not sincere. Left to right: CLYDE hat, JF LONDON shoes, stylist’s own necklace, LADY GREY ring, NORA KOGAN ring, ONIRIKKA ring, and TARA bracelet. CLYDE hat, HARDEMAN shoes, stylist’s own socks, NORA KOGAN ring, and LADY GREY earrings. And have you felt tested by owning a company, dealing with the ebbs and flows from the top? Of course. Having a company, you’re working with people, spending more time with your colleagues than anyone. It’s nice to do special things and, hey, if you can be successful and be funny as a company, isn’t that great for everyone involved? Me, being an artist, I get carried away a little and spend too much, and it catches up. This month we are restructuring our offices, tightening up my business. Now we have all these incredible new designs, and there’s excitement at first, then a little stagnancy. Like a relationship. You have to keep tooling and pushing. And do you feel the trajectory is normal for a brand, like a cycle, or is Jimmy Sommers’ Wildfox different?  There are unique circumstances to Wildfox and then much of it is normal high’s and low’s for any brand. Looking back, when you’re rising every year, a lot of big brands would call me and I gave them the middle finger because I thought everything was going to keep going up. ‘I don’t need this, everything's fine.’ But sometimes you do need someone to come in and give some help. It’s been my strategy to stay a one hundred percent owner, but I'm always looking for a strategic partner who can grow it bigger and bigger. You’re always hearing about the pitfalls of growth in the fashion and apparel industry. Any truth to that? You get cocky, but, you know, the consistent factor is you always need some really good people around. I’m still dealing with people that I find out they were faking it. It’s like, what was I doing for the last seven years paying you a hundred and twenty grand? What were you doing? Because I love it when people leave or go and you don’t even need to replace them. Photographed by Bil Brown. Styled by Gorge Villalpando. Groomed by Michelle Harvey using Chanel Les Beiges and R+Co. at Opus Beauty. And how about outside insights or consultation? Not being from this business, I’ve hired a lot of consultants. I’ve figured out that they’ve told me everything I was already doing. With consultants, I’ve learned they’re typically the failed CEOs of their own businesses, or CEOs that got fired, and they want a lot of money. Every consultant I’ve taken aboard hasn’t changed shit. They’ll move certain things around and they’re just shuffling papers. They’ll come in and paper shuffle, and it’s like ‘Oh my God, how much money am I spending?’ So perhaps it’s more in the creative structure? Who at this stage might you think to be an ideal partner? It’s got to be a funny cat. Look at Pharrell! He’s got all this crazy music, he’s great. We’ve met a few times and once I was like, ‘Aren’t you doing fashion?’ and he named four different companies. Wow, what a talent. So someone like that I’d like to get in the mix. New approach on creative ideas. Even Nike does all these things. Collaborations are big business these days. It sparks energy into something, so I’m looking for collabs and there’s a lot of possibilities. Jimmy, aside from being Wildfox CEO and tequila entrepreneur, how about your personal trajectory? Any excerpts from the book of life? All you can do is just learn from life and other people. But you have to trust other people so you truly can learn from them. And that doesn’t always work out, but you have to try. ‘If you look back,’ my father used to ask me, ‘would you change anything?’ You know what, no I wouldn’t. But maybe I have to say that because my father asked me! And how about music? You’re still keeping an eye on the scene? I’m always supporting new artists, as I was one back in the day. Lately I’ve been signing country artists. I know how it is, it’s tough. So it’s nice for me to help out other people, and not just for one song. You have to throw a lot in there and see what sticks. I did that with my music. I worked on three albums at once, and could never finish anything! But then I’d be putting together a record in Chicago, and I’d meet someone and they’d be like, ‘Let’s have ten songs in three months.’ And I was like, ‘Wow, that works.’ Deadlines are important! CLYDE hat, TIBI shoes, IMAGO-A bag, and WOLF CIRCUS necklace. And you’re building a studio up here in the Hills? It’s pretty amazing, the sound. I have a great sound system up here, and you can really hear when someone knows how to record, or mix. Man, that’s a big deal, the mixing. My favorite place to create is like this, where something sounds good. You know, in the Hills, in the studio. That’s why Tupac and everyone used to roll through back in the day! I had a recording studio! That’s why I’m building a new one up here. It’s a special spot. When you’re first in the Hills, you look out there and you’re thinking ‘Wow, I wanna move out here.’ And so I’ve always lived in the Hills, from all the way around. Like seven different houses, and I finally bought one. I look out, and I see the city sparkling, and all those people and their lives from here to as far as you can see, and you’re just on top of the hill, on top of the world. It feels frickin’ good, and it still does. And how’s it all going to land? What’s the big picture look like? Well, it would be nice to have a great relationship, and kids, and this and that. But who knows? Let’s just say I’m gonna die however, but with a smile on my face. Peter Fonda just passed away, and you know, his sister Jane, that’s what she said, that he ‘passed but he had a smile on his face.’ It’s like, have a good ride, because we’re not here forever. Photographed by Shane McCauley.  Flaunt Film Directed by Lucas Chemotti. Models: Dani Dolinger at LA Models and Patterson Wells at Visions Models LA. Styled by Britton Litow. Hair: Candice Birns using R+Co and Oribe at Nest Artists. Makeup: Cedric Jolivet using MAC Cosmetics at Lowe & Co. Manicurist: Lisa Jachno using Chanel Le Vernis at Opus Beauty. Flaunt Magazine, 1418 Highland Avenue,Los Angeles, CA, 90028  323–836–1044© Flaunt Magazine 2017  